Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Tigers keep fighting as Meadows comes up with 1st grand slam
Share
Tigers keep fighting as Meadows comes up with 1st grand slam
September 6th, 2024

Shaun O'Neill

@oapostrophesd
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

SAN DIEGO -- Four young Tigers formed a circle behind home plate Thursday night, arms intertwined. They were just about the only ones making noise in a sold-out Petco Park.

Parker Meadows hushed the crowd with two outs in the top of the ninth inning by hitting his first career grand slam in the Tigers’ 4-3 victory over the Padres. Meadows got enough of All-Star closer Robert Suarez’s full-count 100.7 mph fastball to send it over the left-field wall.

“Never count us out,” Meadows said.

Complete coverage: Tigers' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

The ball traveled only a Statcast-projected 361 feet, but the opposite-field drive was enough to erase a three-run deficit. It was the first grand slam hit with any MLB team down three runs with two outs and two strikes in the ninth inning (or later) since Justin Smoak on Aug. 31, 2018. It's only the seventh such slam since 1912.

Only one other Tigers player is on that list: Hall of Famer Alan Trammell, June 21, 1988, vs. the Yankees.

Perhaps more important to the Tigers is that Meadows prevented a three-game sweep at the hands of the Padres and buoyed their postseason hopes. Detroit moved back within five games of the idle Royals for the final AL Wild Card spot.

Just when it appeared the Tigers’ postseason momentum had stalled, they now have the good vibes of an unlikely comeback victory and AL Cy Young Award frontrunner Tarik Skubal on the mound next. He’ll start on Friday to open a three-game series at Oakland.

“Unfortunately, it only counts as one win,” Tigers manager A.J. Hinch said with a wry grin. “But it is important, obviously. We don’t want to come in here and get swept.”

"We stay in the fight," added starting pitcher Casey Mize. "We're never out of it. ... Just a big moment, obviously, to salvage a win here. Happy flight.”

Mize has made two starts since missing nearly two months with a left hamstring strain and hasn’t entirely regained his form. In his first start back, he allowed a career-high 12 hard-hit balls (95 mph exit velocity or higher). On Thursday, he allowed 13 for a new career high, including Jurickson Profar and Xander Bogaerts' homers.

Related
Skubal, Tigers agree to $10.15M deal to avoid arbitration

January 10th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Torres renews Tigers' Venezuelan connection

January 7th, 2025

Hinch on 2025: 'We’re trying to be better'

January 3rd, 2025

Tigers' future success hinges on young bats

December 27th, 2024

'A pitcher's best friend': Meadows' D could be X-factor in ALDS

October 4th, 2024

Hinch credited Mize for holding the line there and keeping the Tigers in the game.

“Casey, if he implodes, if he pouts, if he gets selfishly frustrated, then this game’s completely different,” Hinch said. “It’s an important lesson for all our young pitchers to keep fighting.”

Mize fought through 5 1/3 innings. Kenta Maeda, Ricky Vanasco and Tyler Holton combined for 3 2/3 innings of scoreless relief. That allowed the Tigers to finally get off the mat and post their 32nd comeback win this year -- their sixth when trailing through eight innings.

Suarez had converted 31 of 34 save opportunities this year but was pitching for the second straight night and the fourth time in the first five days of September. He quickly got into trouble when Justyn-Henry Malloy led off with a single on a 100.1 mph fastball and Jace Jung walked. One out later, Colt Keith walked to load the bases.

Suarez seemed to regain control of the situation, striking out lefty Kerry Carpenter, but he still had to face another lefty in Meadows. Suarez threw nothing but fastballs while running the count full. Meadows swung through one and fouled off another.

Finally, Meadows got a good swing on a pitch high in the zone, on the outer edge of the plate.

“I felt it was a good pitch,” Suarez said through interpreter Pedro Gutierrez. “It was exactly where I wanted it, and he put a good swing on it. Those things happen.”

"I faced him last night, knew he had a good heater," Meadows said. "Took a couple big swings in the at-bat, so I tried to settle it down and not try to do too much.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Meadows had three teammates waiting to greet him at home plate for the first time as Malloy, Jung and Keith celebrated with him.

“Fantastic,” Meadows said, “and I had even more waiting in the dugout. It was pretty cool being able to celebrate with them. Cool moment.”

Now, the Tigers intend to make some noise in the Wild Card race.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Detroit Tigers
Parker Meadows

Shaun O'Neill is a reporter/editor for MLB.com based in San Diego.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

Sizing up free-agent market as new year begins

January 1st, 2025

The top 10 bloopers of 2024, ranked

December 30th, 2024

Every team's largest contracts by total value

December 28th, 2024

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/parker-meadows-hits-a-grand-slam-in-tigers-win-over-padres 
 ----- 
