Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Active Seniors
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
Tigers squander early 5-0 lead, lose to Padres in extra innings, falling back to .500
Tatis hits game-winning single in 10th to give the Padres a 6-5 victory over the Tigers
1 of 9

San Diego Padres’ Fernando Tatis Jr. celebrates after scoring on a sight hit by Manny Machado in the fifth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Derrick Tuskan)

By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: September 5, 2024 at 1:28 AM EDT

SAN DIEGO (AP) — Fernando Tatis Jr. hit an RBI single with two outs in the 10th inning to give the San Diego Padres a 6-5 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Wednesday night.

RELATED ARTICLES
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
Tigers projected to have mediocre 2025 season
Playing his second game back after being on the injured list since June 22, Tatis singled to left off Jason Foley (3-5) to bring in automatic runner Jackson Merrill, who hit a three-run homer in the fourth and finished a triple shy of the cycle as the Padres overcame a 5-0 deficit.

Tatis’ jersey was ripped off during a wild celebration near third base.

The Tigers intentionally walked Luis Arraez to get to Tatis.

Jeremiah Estrada (5-2) pitched the 10th for the victory.

Padres right-hander Yu Darvish was activated from the injured list and made his first start since May 29. He allowed three runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings, struck out four and walked two. During that span, Darvish had been on both the IL, with a left groin strain, and the restricted list due to a family matter.

Darvish left trailing 3-0 after allowing a two-out solo homer to Matt Vierling in the first, his 16th, and one run each in the second and third.

The Tigers went up 5-0 in the fourth when rookie Trey Sweeney hit a two-run home run to deep right off Yuki Matsui, his second.

The Padres started their rally when the lefty-hitting Merrill muscled his three-run shot to left. It was his 22nd homer gave him 82 RBIs, breaking the team rookie record of 79 set by Benito Santiago in 1987.

Merrill has come on strong in the second half and is pushing Pittsburgh’s Paul Skenes in the race for NL Rookie of the Year. Merrill was named NL Rookie of the Month for August on Tuesday. The 21-year-old was a prized shortstop prospect but was moved to center field in spring training to replace Trent Grisham, who went to the New York Yankees along with Juan Soto in a blockbuster trade on Dec. 7.

Machado tied it at 5 with a single to left with one out in the fifth to chase starter Keider Montero.

Montero allowed five runs and seven hits, struck out two and walked two.

UP NEXT

Tigers RHP Casey Mize (2-6, 4.25 ERA) and Padres LHP Martín Pérez (4-5, 4.71) are scheduled to start the series finale Thursday night.

— By BERNIE WILSON, Associated Press

Originally Published: September 5, 2024 at 1:24 AM EDT
Around the Web
Top Doctor: Your Hair Will Grow Like Never Before (Stop Doing This)
BioGrow
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From The Store
learnitwise
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
North Charleston: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Apartments: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
20 Rare & Forgotten Super Cars of the Past
SpilledDaily
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
rankupwards.com
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
North Charleston: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
Greta Thunberg's House Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pics
Health Week
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? Unlock The Truth Behind The Symptoms!
Tardive Dyskinesia
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Neuro Zoom
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Health News | Joint Pain
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Swollen Feet & Ankles: Use This to Help Drain Edema Fluid
WellnessGaze Edema
When Neuropathy Hits, Try This (It's Genius!)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
15 Worst Foods You Can't Eat at Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Chiropractors Stunned: 30 Seconds to a Life Free of Back Pain?
WellnessGaze Back Health
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Blood Sugar Above 100? Try This Tonight
Healthy Living Club
Heart Surgeon: Anyone Over 45 Should Do This Daily
WellnessGaze Heart
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Erase Eye Bags Overnight With This Unexpected Household Item
Health News | Skin
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
Are You over 50? Avoid These Foods to Stay Healthy
Health Natural
Gum Disease & Tooth Decay Vanish With This Strange Ritual
WellnessGaze Dental
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet The #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
What Causes Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Shocked!
Immunodeficiency | Search Ads
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Bird flu outbreak reported at Hess-Hathaway Park in Waterford
Bird flu outbreak reported at Hess-Hathaway Park in Waterford
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Former Pontiac schools employee sues district for discrimination, firing
Former Pontiac schools employee sues district for discrimination, firing
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
NYC mom stabbed to death defending young daughter in brawl with 20 women
NYC mom stabbed to death defending young daughter in brawl with 20 women
New developments in criminal cases against 3 teens connected to slaying of Oakland County deputy Brad Reckling 
New developments in criminal cases against 3 teens connected to slaying of Oakland County deputy Brad Reckling 
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Opponents set: Here’s who the Detroit Lions will play in 2025
Opponents set: Here’s who the Detroit Lions will play in 2025
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2024
September
5
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place a Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Daily Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2024/09/05/tatis-hits-walk-off-single-in-10th-to-give-the-padres-a-6-5-victory-over-the-tigers/ 
 ----- 
