Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Active Seniors
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
Meadows hits a two-out grand slam in the 9th inning to lead the Tigers to 4-3 win over the Padres
1 of 10

Detroit Tigers’ Parker Meadows celebrates after hitting a grand slam during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: September 5, 2024 at 11:58 PM EDT

SAN DIEGO (AP) — Parker Meadows hit a grand slam on a full count with two outs in the ninth inning to give the Detroit Tigers a 4-3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Thursday night.

RELATED ARTICLES
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
Tigers projected to have mediocre 2025 season
Meadows’ opposite-field homer went into the second row in left field off a 100.7 mph four-seam fastball from Padres closer Robert Suarez (8-3). It was the second-fastest pitch a Tigers player has homered off of in the pitch-tracking era that started in 2008, behind only Jeimer Candelario’s homer off of 102.1 mph pitch on Sept. 7, 2018.

Tigers reliever Ricky Vanasco (1-0) won his first game of the season with a scoreless eighth. Tyler Holton earned his seventh save with a scoreless ninth.

San Diego (80-62) had its three-game winning streak stopped and remained three games ahead of Arizona for the top NL wild card. Detroit (71-70) is five games behind Kansas City for the last AL wild card, tied with Seattle.

Padres starter Martin Pérez kept the Tigers off balance by mixing his assortment of pitches effectively. He went 6 1/3 innings and gave up no runs and three hits while striking out five.

Jurickson Profar hit his 22nd home run, a solo shot, in the first inning and Xander Bogaerts hit a two-run homer in the second inning to give San Diego a 3-0 lead.

Tigers starter Casey Mize lasted 5 1/3 innings and gave up three runs on six hits.

Suarez failed to earn his 32nd save by giving up a single and two walks prior to Meadows grand slam.

Fernando Tatis Jr., who hit an RBI single with two outs in the 10th inning to give the Padres a 6-5 victory over the Tigers on Wednesday night in his second game back from the IL, went 0 for 4 on Thursday night.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Twins: OF Max Kepler (left patellar tendinitis) was placed on 10-day IL. …LHP Kody Funderburk (left oblique strain) was transferred to 60-day IL. …OF DaShawn Keirsey Jr. was selected from Triple-A St. Paul.

UP NEXT

Tigers LHP Tarik Skubal (16-4, 2.51) opens a three-game series on Friday night against Oakland A’s RHP Mitch Spence (7-9, 4.50).

The starters for the Padres and San Francisco Giants for the opener of a three-games series at San Francisco starting Friday night have not been announced.

— By RICHARD J. MARCUS, Associated Press

 

Originally Published: September 5, 2024 at 11:57 PM EDT
Around the Web
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
rankupwards.com
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
The One and Only Wd40 Trick Everyone Should Know
habittribe
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
North Charleston: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Your New Favorite Pair of Jeans | Limited Time Only Shop 30% Off Sale Items
Lucky Brand
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Dangerous Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia - Take a Peek Now!
Tardive | Search Ads
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothin
Storage Units
Low-priced Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments in North Charleston - Take a Look!
Senior Apartments
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Bone on Bone Joints? Try This 15 Second Solution
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Early Warning Signs of Crohn`s Disease! (Click Here to Take a Look!)
Crohn's Disease Treatment
Restore Perfect 20/20 Vision Without Glasses, Surgery or Lens (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
Neuropathy: Relieve 'Needle Pain' & Numbness - Try This at Home Today
WellnessGaze Neuro
Neuropathy? Try This Tonight (Before Bed)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Forget Furosemide, Use This Household Item to Help Drain Edema Fluid
WellnessGaze Edema
Doctor: if You Have Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Blood Sugar Above 100? Try This Tonight
Healthy Living Club
Surgeon: People With Sleep Disorders Should Start Doing This Immediately
WG Sleep Health
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Top 15 Most Harmful Breakfast Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
Popular Foods You Should Never Eat After 50, Say Dietitians
HEALTH NATURAL
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Bird flu outbreak reported at Hess-Hathaway Park in Waterford
Bird flu outbreak reported at Hess-Hathaway Park in Waterford
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Former Pontiac schools employee sues district for discrimination, firing
Former Pontiac schools employee sues district for discrimination, firing
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
NYC mom stabbed to death defending young daughter in brawl with 20 women
NYC mom stabbed to death defending young daughter in brawl with 20 women
New developments in criminal cases against 3 teens connected to slaying of Oakland County deputy Brad Reckling 
New developments in criminal cases against 3 teens connected to slaying of Oakland County deputy Brad Reckling 
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Opponents set: Here’s who the Detroit Lions will play in 2025
Opponents set: Here’s who the Detroit Lions will play in 2025
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2024
September
5
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place a Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Daily Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2024/09/05/meadows-hits-a-two-out-grand-slam-in-the-9th-inning-to-lead-the-tigers-to-4-3-win-over-the-padres/ 
 ----- 
