ADVERTISEMENT
Piece of cake: Six Albany Turner Job Corps culinary arts students earn positions at Disney
BY ALAN MAULDIN ● NEWS ● MARCH 1, 2024
From left, Culinary Arts instructor Harvey Hudson works with students Christina Roland and Janiya Sabree. Roland and Sabree are two of six students recently hired to work at Disney in Orlando starting in the summer.
Staff Photo: Alan Mauldin

Special Photo

Alan Mauldin
alan.mauldin@albanyherald.com

ALBANY – For both Christina Roland and Janiya Sabree, it was a first, or near-first, “real” interview for a full-time job. And both passed with flying colors, being selected out of hundreds who were vying for positions with Disney in Orlando.

In fact, the two were among six from the Albany Turner Job Corps Center who were hired during the culinary hiring event with the Walt Disney Co. in New Orleans with students from around the country. Only 35 were hired from the first-ever Disney hiring event with the organization.

“That’s my dream job, to work in your favorite childhood (place), to see Mickey and Tinkerbelle and all the characters,” Roland said. It’s really exciting.”

Roland and Sabree will be joined at Disney by Turner students Antwon Bradbum, Josiah Stegall, Kaetlyn Arias and Victoria Wimberly.

Both Roland and Sabree said they had emotional reactions when they were notified that they were hired after meeting with Disney’s top chef during the event.

“Once I saw that email in the airport I was overjoyed,” Sabree said. “I sort of started crying.

“He asked us how we would make different things, like chicken; he asked how we would prepare it. I was a little nervous. But it was a piece of cake.”

When it comes to food, the 18-year-old who is nearly finished with her high school curriculum said she loves to cook steak, but lately she has been on a Mexican kick making birria tacos that her mother is crazy over.

She said she sees the opportunity at Disney as a chance to learn and gain more skills for the future.

“I’ll be going to Orlando Aug. 5 to start my Cook 2 position,” she said. “I think it’s great. I would not have thought I would be in this position. Once I got here I realized the opportunity.”

The new hires will get to live in Disney housing and have transportation and other perks, including discounts for themselves and family at the parks.

“It means big things,” Sabree said. “I do want to learn and learn the ways of working in a restaurant, the ways to be successful. In the future, I plan to be a private chef … cooking out of people’s homes. I want to be my own boss.”

Roland said she was inspired to go into culinary arts due to the influence of her sister and mother.

“I really miss them,” she said. “I really miss my sister’s cooking. My mom can cook, too.

“I can bring my family here and have a good time. I can see Mickey every day. I get to go on all the rides.”

Like Sabree, Roland said she cried when she got the news that she would be working at her favorite place. Her email was delayed, so she initially thought she would be left out. Although she was nervous about the interview, she was able to overcome that nervousness.

“I stayed calm for most of it,” she said. “I wanted to meet his expectations. He looks like he has high standards. This man has been working for them for 46 years.”

Meeting other students in the federal Job Corps program from throughout the country was also exciting for Roland, who soon realized they were all competing for the same jobs.

“To be honest, I think of it not like competition, but opportunity,” Roland said. “You could be working with some of these people. In Job Corps we help each other. My whole team, we help each other out.”

The Albany Job Corps Center has been in operation in Albany for 45 years and currently has about 458 students who are working on high school diplomas and/or one of 16 trades.

“This is really a life-changing opportunity,” culinary instructor Harvey Hudson, known affectionately by students as “Chef Harvey,” said “It makes me feel good to be part of this program. It’s a wonderful experience for students. It makes me feel good. They stuck with it. They got a job, and they earned it.

“These are six of the best students, and I’ve got more.”

The course of study covers cooking basics, including sauteing, broiling and baking, as well as fundamentals of desserts and menus. But it also includes more, the instructor said.

“We teach them how to work in a restaurant, how to look like a professional and how to conduct themselves once they get there,” Hudson said. “We teach them leadership. The majority of them want to get advanced training or get a decent job.”

Six Turner Job Corps students were selected for cooking positions with the Walt Disney Co. during the company’s first hiring event with Job Corps students from around the country. A total of 35 were hired. The Albany students offered positions were, front row, from left, Janiya Sabree, Kaetlyn Arias and Victoria Wimberly; and back row, from left, Antwon Bradburn, Christina Roland and Josiah Stegall.

ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Author
ALAN MAULDIN

Alan has been a reporter for 30 years, including at The Moultrie Observer, Thomasville Times-Enterprise and The Albany Herald. His favorite book is “Catch-22,” and he has an Australian shepherd/American bulldog mix named Maxwell.

Read Alan’s stories.

Phone: 229-434-8795

Related Articles
A year in review: Georgia’s Flint Riverkeeper spent 2024 fighting for the Flint River
BY LUCILLE LANNIGAN ● NEWS ● DECEMBER 26, 2024

Staff with the Flint Riverkeeper reflected on a year of hard work and work to come, especially with the start of Georgia’s legislative session in January.

Liberty House closes out 2024 with new facility playground, reflects on year of service
BY LUCILLE LANNIGAN ● NEWS ● DECEMBER 26, 2024

Liberty House wrapped up its 2024 with a brand new playground at its facility. The shelter raised money through its 2024 Play it Forward Campaign, which launched in January, where it asked 2,024 donors to contribute $20 to fund the building of a new playground. Rogers said the goal was $45,000, and it raised $55,000 by August.

Albany City Commissioner Jalen Johnson on the verge of missing maximum number of meetings allowed
BY ALBANY HERALD NEWS ● NEWS ● DECEMBER 23, 2024

Ward II Albany City Commissioner Jalen Johnson has missed four consecutive business meetings

Stay in the know with our free newsletter
Subscribe
You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time.
Have a question? Contact us or review our privacy policy for more information.
Latest E-Edition
Albany Herald – Dec. 28, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT
Let the Albany Herald come to you

Signing up to receive the digital and print editions of the Albany Herald is quick and easy.

Subscribe
Latest News
A year in review: Georgia’s Flint Riverkeeper spent 2024 fighting for the Flint River
Liberty House closes out 2024 with new facility playground, reflects on year of service
Albany City Commissioner Jalen Johnson on the verge of missing maximum number of meetings allowed
Monroe High School student awarded prestigious NROTC scholarship
Shoes from the HEART gifts free sneakers to local students in need
Albany Technical College celebrates award winners
ADVERTISEMENT

Sign up to receive stories from the Albany Herald.

Sign up
Read us on
GOOGLE NEWS
ADVERTISE WITH US
WHO WE ARE
CONTACT US
LOGIN
SUBSCRIBE

Copyright © 2024 Albany Herald

Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Terms of Use

Support The Albany Herald with a subscription!

Get the local news you care about delivered to your doorstep (or inbox).

SUPPORT LOCAL NEWS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.albanyherald.com/news/piece-of-cake-six-albany-turner-job-corps-culinary-arts-students-earn-positions-at-disney/article_8f69f540-d7e5-11ee-b2c1-a7f42e08fef8.html 
 ----- 
