MAVERICK LIFE
  This article is more than a year old
THE NIGHT IN PICTURES
Rare Super Blue Moon lights up the night sky
 Rare super blue moon is seen at Deposito del Agua of Albacete on August 30, 2023 in Albacete, Spain. In addition to its "supermoon" status (its closest approach to Earth in a given orbit), this particular full moon will be the second to occur in the month of August, the first having occurred on August 1, thus named "blue moon". (Photo by Juan Naharro Gimenez/Getty Images)
By Maverick Life Editors
 Follow
30 Aug 2023  0

A Blue Moon is seen over the sky of Quito, Ecuador, 29 August 2023. EPA-EFE/Jose Jacome

A full blue moon rises behind the Royal Liver Building and the Liver Bird statues on August 30, 2023 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. In addition to its “supermoon” status (its closest approach to Earth in a given orbit), this particular full moon will be the second to occur in the month of August, the first having occurred on August 1, thus named “blue moon”. (Photo by Christopher Furlong/Getty Images)

A full Blue Moon rises over El Pilar Basilica in Zaragoza, Spain, 30 August 2023. The super full moon is named this way because it is at its closest to Earth and this appears bigger than a normal full moon. There are generally two to four super moons per year depending on the moon’s closeness to Earth. EPA-EFE/JAVIER BELVER

A full Blue Moon rises over Ucles Monastery in Cuenca, Spain, 30 August 2023. The super full moon is named this way because it is at its closest to Earth and this appears bigger than a normal full moon. There are generally two to four super moons per year depending on the moon’s closeness to Earth. EPA-EFE/FERNANDO VILLAR

A full Blue Moon rises over Ucles Monastery in Cuenca, Spain, 30 August 2023. The super full moon is named this way because it is at its closest to Earth and this appears bigger than a normal full moon.EPA-EFE/FERNANDO VILLAR

A Super Blue Moon rises behind the monument of the ‘Victor’ at the Kalemegdan fortress in Belgrade, Serbia, 30 August 2023. This second Super Moon in August will also be the last Blue Moon until 2037. EPA-EFE/ANDREJ CUKIC

Brandon Williamson #55 of the Cincinnati Reds pitches against the San Francisco Giants while an almost full moon rises behind him in the fourth inning at Oracle Park on August 29, 2023 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images)

Alex Cobb #38 of the San Francisco Giants pitches against the Cincinnati Reds as a almost full moon rises behind him in the fifth inning at Oracle Park on August 29, 2023 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images)

Tourists visit Istanbul’s famous Galata Tower as a rare Super Blue Moon rises behind on August 30, 2023 in Istanbul, Turkey. The rare supermoon is an occurrence that won’t happen again until 2037, the term “Blue Moon” does not refer to the color of the moon, but is the term used to signify the second full moon in a month. (Photo by Chris McGrath/Getty Images)

A rare Super Blue Moon rises over Istanbul’s famous Galata Tower on August 30, 2023 in Istanbul, Turkey.  (Photo by Chris McGrath/Getty Images)

A rare Super Blue Moon rises over Istanbul’s famous Galata Tower on August 30, 2023 in Istanbul, Turkey. (Photo by Chris McGrath/Getty Images)

Spectators in the crowd chat after the match ends as the moon is seen during the 1st Vitality T20 I match between England and New Zealand at Emirates Riverside on August 30, 2023 in Chester-le-Street, England. (Photo by Stu Forster/Getty Images)

A full blue moon rises behind the Royal Liver Building and the Liver Bird statues on August 30, 2023 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. In addition to its “supermoon” status (its closest approach to Earth in a given orbit), this particular full moon will be the second to occur in the month of August, the first having occurred on August 1, thus named “blue moon”. (Photo by Christopher Furlong/Getty Images)

Super Blue Moon rises above ancient fortress in Migdal Tsedek National Park near Rosh Haayin, Israel, 30 August 2023. This second Super Moon in August will also be the last Blue Moon until 2037. People in different parts of the world will be able to see a ‘Supermoon’ where the Moon comes to its closest point to the Earth. EPA-EFE/ABIR SULTAN

A full Blue Moon rises over the Temple of Poseidon, at Cape Sounio, some 65 km south of Athens, Greece, 30 August 2023. On 30 August 2023, people will have the rare chance of seeing a blue moon, which at the same time will be a supermoon, resulting in a Super Blue Moon. EPA-EFE/YANNIS KOLESIDIS

Super Blue Moon rises above Domodedovo town outside of Moscow, Russia, 30 August 2023. This second Super Moon in August will also be the last Blue Moon until 2037. People in different parts of the world will be able to see a ‘Supermoon’ where the Moon comes to its closest point to the Earth. EPA-EFE/MAXIM SHIPENKOV

The Gibbous Moon, currently in its crescent phase, shines brightly with 96% of its surface illuminated by the Sun on August 29, 2023 in Catania, Italy. Tomorrow, it will achieve full illumination at 100%, earning the title of the so-called ‘blue supermoon’. (Photo by Fabrizio Villa/Getty Images)

A full moon sets over the name of Islam’s Prophet Muhammad’s name written with neon lights in Arabic on a mountain in Sana’a, Yemen, 30 August 2023. EPA-EFE/YAHYA ARHAB DM

 
Daily Maverick needs your support

We're not asking you to pay for every article you read. We're asking you to support us so that we can keep doing what South Africa needs us to do. Without the support of our readers, we won't be able to keep going.

If you really can't afford the price of an extra cup of coffee a week, then know this: we will never force you to pay. We've got your back and one day, you'll have ours.

Support Daily Maverick→

Blue MoonFull moonSuper Blue Moonsuper moon
Comments - Please login in order to comment.

No Comments, yet

ADVERTISEMENT
Don't want to see this? Remove ads
 
Stay off Biscuit's naughty list this festive season.

This is Biscuit, the Daily Maverick dog. She is here, in all her glory, to ask you to become a Maverick Insider this festive season.

If you appreciate the impact Daily Maverick has on South Africa, support us for only R2.76 a day (R75 a month).

Gift Biscuit a treat, support our work.

JOIN MAVERICK INSIDER 

Already an Insider?
Click here to login

TOP READS THIS HOUR
MAVERICK LIFE
From dead galaxies to mysterious red dots, here’s what the James Webb telescope has found in just three years
MAVERICK NEWS
Tenderpreneur brothers charged with murder of Umhlanga man
SOUTH AFRICA
Tshwane's Hennops River turns green: algal blooms signal a growing environmental crisis
MAVERICK NEWS
Brilliant Ryan Rickelton and ‘emotional’ Kyle Verreynne put Pakistan to the sword with the bat
MAVERICK CITIZEN
Cogta’s axeing of community workers likely to plunge people into instant poverty, say unions
TOP READS IN SECTION
SOUTH AFRICA
Karoo tapestry — the lure of stillness, nostalgia for long-gone locos and the look of yesterday
MAVERICK LIFE
From dead galaxies to mysterious red dots, here’s what the James Webb telescope has found in just three years
CULTURE
Disney's Mufasa fails to capture the magic of its predecessors despite stunning animation
MAVERICK LIFE
The rise of ‘sober curiosity:’ Why Gen Zers are reducing their alcohol consumption
MAVERICK LIFE
Midnight around the globe: How the world welcomes the New Year
SPONSORED CONTENT
SPONSORED CONTENT
Standard Bank pioneers real-time payment requests for businesses with launch of PayShap Request for corporates
SPONSORED CONTENT
Popular investment migration programs for South Africans looking to relocate
SPONSORED CONTENT
Reflecting on 2024: taking the fork in the road
SPONSORED CONTENT
Oasis Water introduces South Africa’s first fully recyclable 10L PET refill dispenser bottle
SPONSORED CONTENT
How Christmas decorations are changing lives and saving the future
Investigations
News & Analysis
Features
Newsletters
Community
DM168

Daily Maverick © All rights reserved

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2023-08-30-the-biggest-full-moon-of-2023-the-super-blue-moon-rises/ 
 ----- 
