Schedule
IPL 2025
CriclyticsTM
Fantasy
Series
News
Stats Hub
Profile

Players

Teams

Stadiums

Rankings

Records

Player Bio
Brydon Carse

Brydon Carse, a 6ft 3 inch English pace bowler born in South Africa who has payed for Durham County Cricket Club and the England Cricket team. A proud son of Zimbabwean cricketer James Alexander Carse, played in England for Northamptonshire.


In 2016, Carse signed a development and made his first-class debut for Durhan in the County Championship, in which he got 17 wickets and was rewarded with a two-year deal by the club. Soon after airlifting his career, he was ruled out of the 2018 County Championship due to a knee injury. In 2018 he got a 3-year contract from Durham, and in 2019 he made his debut in List A for Durham in the 2019 Royal London One Day Cup.


Because of his British heritage, Carse is eligible to play English-county cricket. He obtained his England residence qualification in 2019. It was the magic of Carse's sweat into the game as he was named in the ODI series against Pakistan as the original squad was forced to withdraw due to positive tests for COVID-19, and he made his ODI debut for his country in July 2021. Carse sealed the space on the front page of all articles for the British press as he took his maiden five-wicket haul in ODIs in only his third game. This helped him get into England's squad as a 14th man against the Netherlands. He got his chance in the second ODI where he ticked 146 kph.


On August 30, 2023, he made his T20I debut against New Zealand after being called up to replace the injured Josh Tongue. He earned man of the match with a 3-23 performance. Carse was also called up as an injury replacement for Reece Topley in the 2023 ODI World Cup. The following year, he made his Test debut against Pakistan, picking up a four-wicket haul. In the next Test series away to New Zealand, he registered his maiden five-wicket haul in Tests in the first game also earning the player of the match for his 10 wickets in the match. Carse finished the series with an impressive tally of 18 scalps across three Tests.




Follow us on

CriclyticsTM
Match Schedule
Fantasy Center
All Series
Cricket News
Cricket Videos
Players
Teams
Stadiums
Rankings
Records
Play Responsibly
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Security
Legality
Contact Us

Cricket like never before!

@2025 cricket.com | All rights reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricket.com/players/65090/brydon-carse/playerbio 
 ----- 
