TopicsStock PicksLists & RankingsMagazineDataAdvisor
Subscribe Now
|
Sign In
FROM AFP NEWS
Carse Strikes On Debut As England Win New Zealand T20 Opener
By AFP - Agence France Presse
August 30, 2023
Order Reprints
Print Article
Text size

RECASTS to end of match

England Twenty20 international debutant Brydon Carse took three wickets on his Durham home ground to set up a seven-wicket win over New Zealand in the series opener at Chester-le-Street on Wednesday.

The 28-year-old South Africa-born paceman, in for the injured John Turner, returned fine figures of 3-23 from his maximum four overs as New Zealand were held to a modest 139-9.

Left-arm quick Luke Wood also took three wickets, following an expensive first over of the match that cost 18 runs, on his way to 3-37.

Twenty20 world champions England made light of the chase, finishing on 143-3 with six overs to spare, as they went 1-0 up in a four-match series.

They lost dangerman Jonny Bairstow to just the second ball of their chase, when he edged New Zealand captain Tim Southee to slip, but otherwise England had few alarms.

Dawid Malan made 54 off 42 balls and Harry Brook an unbeaten 43 before Liam Livingstone ended the match in style by hooking Adam Milne high over deep square-leg.

Brook, a controversial omission from England's squad for the upcoming defence of their 50-over World Cup title in India, showed his class with three sixes in his 27-ball innings, including a soaring pull off Southee.

England, however, won this match in the field, with Glenn Phillips (41) and hard-hitting opener Finn Allen (21) the only New Zealand batsmen to pass 20.

New Zealand slumped to 49-4 before Phillips revived the innings only to hole out in the deep when well caught by Sam Curran off Wood.

After New Zealand lost the toss, Allen launched the innings with three sixes in the opening over from Wood -- a straight drive followed by two shots high over the legside.

But Wood, removed from the attack by Jos Buttler, returned to have Devon Conway (3) caught behind on the drive by the England captain and wicketkeeper to leave New Zealand 25-1 in the fourth over.

Carse then bowled the dangerous Allen (21) with a nip-backer as the batsman aimed legside. Wood then clean bowled Tim Seifert, also going for a big shot.

New batsman Mark Chapman hoisted leg-spinner Adil Rashid's first ball for six only to fall for 11, defensively pushing forward, when bowled by off-spinner Moeen Ali as New Zealand's collapse continued.

Rashid, Ali and their fellow spinner Livingstone all took one wicket apiece.

The series continues at Old Trafford on Friday.

jdg/bsp

The Barron's news department was not involved in the creation of the content above. This article was produced by AFP. For more information go to AFP.com.
© Agence France-Presse
READ MORE FROM BARRON’S
Why Regulating Alcohol Industry Is Tall Order Even After Surgeon General’s Cancer Warning
Gen Z Has a Different Take on Stocks. Young Investors Plunge Into Markets.
Microsoft Vows to Spend $80 Billion on AI Data Centers This Year
Barron's
Topics
Memberships
Tools
Customer Service
Network
Newsstand
For Business
For Education
For Advertisers
Account
About Barron's
Legal
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Copyright Policy
Accessibility
Copyright © 2025 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.barrons.com/news/england-s-carse-takes-three-wickets-as-new-zealand-struggle-in-1st-t20-d1fc6d80 
 ----- 
