HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023: Egypt vs Ghana: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 16, 2024 at 8:17 AM
Modified at :
January 16, 2024 at 8:17 AM

Dhruv Sharma

0
0
Both sides failed to win the opening match of Group B

Egypt narrowly avoided a shocking loss to Mozambique in their AFCON opener, salvaging a point with a late penalty goal from Mohamed Salah. Eager for their first win, they are expected to go all out against the Black Stars. Eintracht Frankfurt’s Omar Marmoush eyes a start, and Al Ahly’s Mohamed Abdelmonem is a yellow card away from suspension.

Ghana faced defensive issues in a 2-1 loss to Cape Verde, prompting our bet on Salah and company. Ghana seems to be in mixed form with little effort to resolve the limited free flow of goals. It will cost them this time as the tournament is fired up and every big player in the continent is pushing for reaching the knockout stages.

Kick-Off:

Friday; 19 January 2024, 08:00 PM GMT (01:30 AM IST)

Location: Felix Houphouet Boigny Stadium

Form

Egypt (all competitions): D-W-W-W-D

Ghana (all competitions): L-W-L-D-L

Players to watch
Mohamed Salah (Egypt)
Mohamed Salah scored the penalty in extra-time to help Egypt secure a point in the opening fixture

Having showcased excellent form for Liverpool this season, Salah is poised for a strong performance. Despite missing a penalty in Egypt’s last friendly match, he scored the penalty in extra-time to help Egypt secure a point in the opening fixture. Salah’s wealth of experience will play a crucial role in Egypt’s quest to clinch victory in the AFCON. He is one of the best players in the tournament and he’ll draw a lot of attention on the right wing. 

Mohammed Kudus (Ghana)

The eagerly awaited addition to the Ghana national football team has come to fruition, with the much-desired player having completed training. Despite sitting out the last friendly and the opening match due to his late arrival and sprain, the 23-year-old is anticipated to make the starting lineup against Egypt. As a dynamic presence, he is expected to bring creativity and goal-scoring form to this side.

Match Facts
The Pharaohs are unbeaten in their last four matches against Ghana.
Black stars have failed to score in four of their last six games.
Egypt have remained unbeaten in their past 6 games.
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury and Team News

With Salah, Trezeguet, and Elneny all in peak fitness, Egypt’s key players are ready for action. Rui Vitoria is set to deploy his strongest lineup, aiming to make a resounding statement in their second match.

The absence of Mohammed Kudus was a significant setback for Ivory Coast’s squad in the AFCON opener. Dealing with a sprain, he remained sidelined even for the last friendly fixture. Kudus has rejoined the camp, providing a valuable boost for Chris Hughton and the team ahead of this matchday.

Head-to-Head

Matches: 23

Egypt: 12

Ghana: 5

Draws: 6

Predicted lineup for Egypt vs Ghana
Egypt Predicted lineup (4-3-3)

El Shenawy; Sharaf, Hegazy, Abdelmonem, Hany; Zizo, Fathi, Elneny; Trezeguet, Mohamed, Salah

Ghana predicted lineup (4-2-3-1)

Ofori; Mensah, Salisu, Djiku, Odoi; Baba, Ashimeru; J. Ayew, Konigsdorffer, Paintsil; Kudus

Match prediction for Egypt vs Ghana

Considering the defensive challenges Egypt faced in their opener and Ghana’s potential offensive strengths, a closely contested match with a lone goal favouring Ghana appears to be the most likely scenario. Egypt’s offensive strengths, especially with Salah, could pose a threat, while Ghana will aim to shore up their defense and exploit any vulnerabilities in the Egyptian backline.

Prediction: Egypt 1-0 Ghana

Telecast for Egypt vs Ghana

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap!

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-egypt-vs-ghana-predicted-lineup-injury-news-telecast 
 ----- 
