Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Chicago Cubs Overcame Astronomical Odds in Comeback Win Over Pittsburgh Pirates
The Chicago Cubs accomplished an incredibly rare feat in their improbable comeback victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Kenneth Teape | Aug 30, 2024
Aug 28, 2024; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA; Chicago Cubs right fielder Mike Tauchman (40) greets center fielder Pete Crow-Armstrong (52) crossing home plate to score a run against the Pittsburgh Pirates during the ninth inning at PNC Park. Chicago won 14-10. / Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
Chicago Cubs

The Chicago Cubs know they cannot afford any slip-ups as they look to force themselves back into the playoff picture in the National League. With razor-thin room for error, it looked like they would be taking a tough step back on Wednesday night.

In Game 3 of their series against the Pittsburgh Pirates, they had the unfortunate luck of facing off against rookie phenom Paul Skenes. The NL starting pitcher in the 2024 MLB All-Star Game has been mowing down opponents all season.

The Cubs have seen firsthand just how dominant he can be, facing off against him twice earlier this season. It was more of the same on Wednesday as Skenes pitched five solid innings, departing with the Pirates ahead.

Entering the seventh inning, Chicago’s modest two-game winning streak and chance at a much-needed sweep looked to be extinguished.

They were trailing 10-3, as Kyle Hendricks was lit up earlier in the game. He surrendered six earned runs in 1.2 innings.

But, the Cubs showed some life in the seventh inning, scoring two runs courtesy of a Christian Benthancourt homer off of Kyle Nicolas, his fifth of the season.

Still trailing by five runs, they chipped into the lead even more in the eighth inning. Three runs were scored off of Aroldis Chapman courtesy of a Bethancourt two-run double and Ian Happ RBI single.

With the Pittsburgh offense going ice cold, Chicago was presented an improbable opportunity heading into the top of the ninth inning.

Trailing by two runs, they were facing Pirates closer David Bednar. He has had his struggles recently, which the Cubs added to.

Chicago hammered the former All-Star, capping off the comeback with a six-run ninth inning. Bethancourt struck again with a two-run single. Happ knocked in one more, starting a merry-go-round that included Mike Tauchman and Seiya Suzuki RBI singles as well.

They successfully turned a 10-3 deficit into a 14-10 victory, running their winning streak to three games.

Just how incredible of a comeback was this for the Cubs? According to Jay Cuda on X, before Pittsburgh blew that lead, teams with a 7+ run lead entering the seventh inning were 1,192-0.

That could be a season-defining victory for the Cubs. If they can sneak into the postseason, the franchise and fan base will look back on that win as a potential turning point that helped propel them to where they wanted to be.

Published Aug 30, 2024
KENNETH TEAPE

Kenneth Teape is an alumnus of SUNY Old Westbury and graduated in 2013 with an Honors Degree in Media Communications with a focus on print journalism. During his time at Old Westbury, he worked for the school newspaper and several online publications, such as Knicks Now, the official website of the New York Knicks, and a self-made website with fellow students, Gotham City Sports News. Kenneth has also been a site expert at Empire Writes Back, Musket Fire, and Lake Show Life within the FanSided Network. He was a contributor to HoopsHabit, with work featured on Bleacher Report and Yardbarker. In addition to his work here, he is a reporter for both NBA Analysis Network and NFL Analysis Network, as well as a writer and editor for Packers Coverage. You can follow him on X, formerly Twitter, @teapester725, or reach him via email at teapester725@gmail.com.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/cubs/news/chicago-cubs-overcame-astronomical-odds-in-comeback-win-over-pittsburgh-pirates 
 ----- 
