Skip to main content
Home
News
Sports
Entertainment
Lifestyle
Opinion
Communities
Business
Obituaries
Weather
Crosswords
Comics
eNewspaper
For Subscribers
Contributor Content
Ohio State vs Texas live updates: TV channel, odds for CFP semifinal
It's Ohio State vs Texas in the College Football Playoff semifinal. Follow along for live score and game updates from the Cotton Bowl in Texas:
Now hiring: Director sought for Downtown Akron development nonprofit
Akron residents eager to share visions for reshaping Innerbelt stretch
Akron to open warming center; emergency center open longer
Local 
Worker who died at Twinsburg Twp. business identified
Local 
Jurors weigh different stories in murder trial of Gladys Ingersoll
Courts 
Watson re-ruptures Achilles, putting his 2025 season in jeopardy
Browns 
Who could the Browns play in London? Ranking the possible opponents
Browns 
NFL selects Browns for overseas game in 2025. See where they will play
Browns 
Buckeye Trail that runs through Northeast Ohio seeks recognition
Local 
Medina asks public to help raise spirits of NC hurricane victims
News 
Access to police personnel files critical for public trust | Editorial
Editorials 
The Elite 8 | Midseason boys basketball rankings for Greater Akron
Basketball 
Vice President-elect JD Vance to resign Ohio Senate seat at midnight
Politics 
Help
Terms of Service
Subscription Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Accessibility
Our Ethical Principles
Responsible Disclosure
Your Privacy Choices
© Copyright Gannett 2025
About Your Privacy

Clicking on the "Reject All" Button retains the default setting of only strictly necessary cookies.
We and our 155 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Cookies link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.For more information about how we use your data visit our Privacy Policy.

If you click "Accept All", we and our partners may process personal data for the following purposes:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All Accept All
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.beaconjournal.com/story/sports/mlb/cleveland-guardians/2024/09/11/cleveland-guardians-game-score-chicago-white-sox-matthew-boyd-stats-lane-thomas/75172846007/ 
 ----- 
