Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Trump sentencing
TikTok ban
Ohio State vs Texas
SPORTS
Lane Thomas has 4 RBIs to lead Guardians over White Sox 6-4
1 of 9 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Lane Thomas watches his 2 RBI single during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Paul Beaty)

2 of 9 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Stephen Vogt, left, celebrates with Steven Kwan (38) at the dugout after scoring on a Lane Thomas 2 RBI single during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Paul Beaty)

Read More
3 of 9 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Lane Thomas, right, is tagged out at second base while trying to steal by Chicago White Sox shortstop Jake Amaya, left, during the first inning of a baseball game in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Paul Beaty)

4 of 9 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Lane Thomas watches his 2 RBI single during the third inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Paul Beaty)

5 of 9 |  

Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Davis Martin reacts after giving up a solo home run to Cleveland Guardians’ Austin Hedges during the third inning of a baseball game in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Paul Beaty)

6 of 9 |  

Chicago White Sox’s Lenyn Sosa watches his RBI single during the third inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Paul Beaty)

7 of 9 |  

Cleveland Guardians closing pitcher Emmanuel Clase celebrates after defeating the Chicago White Sox 6-4 in a baseball game in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Paul Beaty)

8 of 9 |  

Cleveland Guardians closing pitcher Emmanuel Clase, right, celebrates with catcher Austin Hedges, after defeating the Chicago White Sox in a baseball game in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Paul Beaty)

9 of 9 |  

Cleveland Guardians starter Matthew Boyd throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Paul Beaty)

BY  MATT CARLSON
Updated 3:28 AM UTC, September 12, 2024
Share

CHICAGO (AP) — Lane Thomas had four RBIs and the Cleveland Guardians held on behind their bullpen to beat the Chicago White Sox 6-4 on Wednesday for a three-game series sweep.

Austin Hedges added a solo home run for the AL Central-leading Guardians, who moved 4 1/2 games ahead of second-place Kansas City when the Royals lost 4-3 in 11 innings at Yankee Stadium. Cleveland and New York are tied for the best record in the American League.

The Guardians finished 6-3 on a three-city trip that included stops in Kansas City and at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles.

“I feel incredible about it,” first-year Cleveland manager Stephen Vogt said. “This was a tough road trip, this late in the year to be gone through three cities and play some tough teams.”

Chicago dropped a franchise-record 15th straight at home, lost its 17th in 19 overall and was swept for the 24th time. At 33-114, the White Sox are closing in on the post-1900 record for losses — 120 by the 1962 New York Mets in their inaugural season.

Thomas drove in his four runs on a pair of infield singles with two outs when Cleveland runners on second and third were in motion and able to race home. He beat out a tapper to third, then a hard bouncer that second baseman Lenyn Sosa ranged to corral at the edge of the outfield grass. He had three hits overall.

RELATED STORIES
Rocky Colavito, 9-time All-Star outfielder and one of Cleveland's most popular athletes, dies at 91
D-backs acquire 1B Josh Naylor from Guardians, who fill gap by adding Carlos Santana, AP source says
Former White Sox slugger and longtime analyst Bill Melton dies at 79

“Not only are our baserunners busting, you know, down the line ... they were thinking score right off the bat,” Vogt said. “That’s the baserunning we talk about from spring training.

“That’s how these guys always run the bases. They don’t take any out for granted.”

Thomas is batting .405 (15 for 37) with three homers and nine RBIs in September.

“That’s a good 10-day stretch,” Thomas said. “I’m just going to try to keep being consistent with the work and build off what we’re doing right now. It’s been fun and I feel like we’re winning some games right now. So just keep that, you know, just carry that through the rest of September.”

Steven Kwan had two hits and scored twice. Sosa and Bryan Ramos each had two hits for Chicago.

Nick Sandlin (8-0), the first of four Cleveland relievers, got four outs for the win. Starter Matthew Boyd allowed four runs (one earned) on six hits, striking out nine in 4 1/3 innings.

The Guardians bullpen allowed just two hits. Emmanuel Clasé worked around a single in the ninth for his 44th save.

Chicago’s Davis Martin (0-4) yielded five runs on six hits in three innings.

“Everybody pissed,” Martin said. “Every time we go score four runs for me, it’s like, hey, that’s well in the ballpark for us to get a victory. It’s my job to set the tone.”

The White Sox cut their deficit to 5-4 in the third inning, scoring three of four runs unearned following Andrés Giménez’s throwing error. They loaded the bases with none out, then scored on Sosa’s single, Boyd’s balk, Vargas’ groundout and Dominic Fletcher’s infield hit.

Cleveland tacked on an insurance run in the eighth.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Guardians: RHP Ben Lively is expected to make his next scheduled start, on Sunday against Tampa Bay, after being hit on the outside of his right thigh by Dominic Fletcher’s liner in the second inning of his start on Tuesday. Lively left the game after he briefly lost feeling in the leg, but said he only suffered a painful bruise. “It could have been a lot worse,” Chris Antonetti, Guardians president of baseball operations said. … RHP James Karinchak, out all season with right shoulder inflammation, has joined Triple-A Columbus on a rehab assignment and is expected to pitch in “competitive games,” Antonetti said.

White Sox: OF Andrew Benintendi didn’t start (maintenance), but pinch hit in the eighth.

UP NEXT

Guardians: RHP Gavin Williams (3-8, 5.25) faces Tampa Bay RHP Ryan Pepiot (8-6, 3.66) on Thursday in the opener of a four-game series in Cleveland on Thursday.

White Sox: LHP Garrett Crochet (6-11, 3.83) starts on Friday against Oakland. The Athletics hadn’t named a starter for the opener of their six-game visit to Chicago — with three against the White Sox followed by three at the Cubs.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaarde.
Kia
:
Advertisement
NBA postpones Lakers-Spurs, Clippers-Hornets games on Saturday because of wildfires
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of patient left in scalding hot bath tub
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
French veteran Gael Monfils becomes the oldest player to...
French veteran Gael Monfils has become the oldest player to win an ATP Tour title...
AP News
De dokter onthult: "De belangrijkste reden voor een dikke buik...
dagboekvaneencardioloog.nl
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Deze eenvoudige tip kun je darmen elke ochtend (bijna onmi...
Floravia
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kouse n en zeggen dat ze...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Bloedsuikerhelper
Advertisement:
Hoe ver komt u met € 500.000 in Nederland?
Fisher Investments Nederlands
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Writing in English Doesn't Have to Feel...
Grammarly
Advertisement:
Learn More
Waar vind je chique en betaalbare jurken?
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Nu zoeken
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elekt rische auto's kopen, zie prijslijst
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijzen zijn...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Dit is hoe u weer goed gaat horen (lees hier)
audibene hoortoestellen
Advertisement:
Lijst van de goedkoop ste energieleverancier s. Hier is de lijst.
Electricity Providers
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Groningen: Deze truc om je huis te bescher men is een rage in...
Expert Market
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
ACLU sues Florida Gov. DeSantis for not calling special elections...
The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit accusing Florida Gov. Ron...
AP News
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be...
A judge has ruled that a Wisconsin woman who stabbed her sixth grade classmate t...
AP News
Geen honger, geen strenge diëten? met deze capsules verbr...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Hyundai TUCSON rijde n voor €429 per maan d. Hoe kan dat?
Hyundai
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Is jouw IQ hoger dan het gemiddelde in Nederland (102)? Ma...
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Speer and Marshall host Georgia Southern
Marshall hosts the Georgia Southern Eagles after Jalen Speer scored 27 points...
AP News
LaVine scores 33 points as Bulls beat Wizards 138-105 for 5th...
Zach LaVine scored 33 points and the Chicago Bulls beat the Washington...
AP News
U betaalt mogelijk te veel voor internet in 2024 - Vergelijk hier...
Cheap Internet
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Why You Should Get An Unsold Camper...
Camper Van Deals | Search ads
Advertisement:
Learn More
TV Stars under the christmas tree
SHAVENT
Advertisement:
Explore
by Taboola
Suggested For You
The North Face tot -50%* in de uitverkoop bij limango.nl
Limango:Advertisement
Nu winkelen
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun autoverzekering (kijk...
Go find you:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Vaarwel kabel - Goedkope internetabonnementen (Bekijk het)
bzfeeds:Advertisement
Meer informatie
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/guardians-white-sox-score-88f974e59a76ef60fa3472d80a627743 
 ----- 
