Latest
U.S.
L.A. Wildfires
World
America Decides
Politics
Entertainment
HealthWatch
MoneyWatch
Crime
Space
Sports
Brand Studio
Local News
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
Live
CBS News 24/7
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Shows
48 Hours
60 Minutes
America Decides
CBS Evening News
CBS Mornings
CBS Morning News
CBS Reports
CBS Saturday Morning
The Daily Report
The Dish
Eye on America
Face the Nation
Here Comes the Sun
Person to Person
Sunday Morning
The Takeout
The Uplift
Weekender
CBS News Investigates
CBS Village
Podcasts
In Depth
Newsletters
Download Our App
CBS News Team
Executive Team
Brand Studio
Paramount Shop
Paramount+
Join Our Talent Community
RSS Feeds
A Moment With...
Innovators & Disruptors
Economy 4.0
CHICAGO
News
Weather
Sports
Video
27°
FIRST ALERT WEATHER

Widespread snow impacting Friday morning commuters in Chicago

SPORTS
White Sox get blanked for 17th time in loss to Guardians

September 10, 2024 / 9:55 PM CDT / AP

CHICAGO (AP) — Lane Thomas hit a three-run homer and Cleveland's bullpen was terrific once again, helping the Guardians beat the Chicago White Sox 5-0 on Tuesday night after Ben Lively departed with a leg injury.

At 33-113, the White Sox are closing in on the post-1900 record for losses — 120 by the 1962 New York Mets in their inaugural season.

Thomas also doubled and scored on Kyle Manzardo's second-inning single. With two on and one out in the sixth, he drove Gus Varland's second pitch deep to left-center for his third homer since he was acquired from Washington on July 29.

Six Cleveland relievers combined for seven innings of four-hit ball after Lively departed with a bruised right thigh. Pedro Avila (6-1) got six outs for the win.

Led by Thomas and their reliable bullpen, the AL Central-leading Guardians stayed 3 1/2 games ahead of second-place Kansas City.

Chicago was shut out for the 17th time, finishing with five hits. It has dropped a franchise-record 14 straight at home.

The 32-year-old Lively was hit on the outside of his right leg by Dominic Fletcher's liner in the second. The ball deflected to first baseman Josh Naylor, who stepped on the bag for the final out of the inning.

After Avila departed, Eli Morgan, Cade Smith, Tim Herrin, Hunter Gaddis and Erik Sabrowski combined to close it out.

Cleveland's bullpen began the day with a 36-11 record and a major league-best 2.80 ERA.

White Sox rookie Jonathan Cannon (3-10) was charged with three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings.

Varland got two outs before Sean Burke pitched three innings in his major league debut. The right-hander, brought up from Triple-A Charlotte, allowed one run and three hits.

Burke, a third-round pick in the 2021 amateur draft who was hampered by shoulder soreness last year, likely will make at least one start for Chicago in the final part of the season.

"It's been a little bit of a roller coaster," Burke said. "But it all paid off and I think everything happens for a reason. I'm just happy to be here now."

TRAINER'S ROOM

Guardians: RHP Alex Cobb (blister on his right middle finger) is throwing weighted balls, and manager Stephen Vogt said the team is going day to day with the pitcher. LHP Joey Cantillo is in line to start on Saturday. "If Cobb can come back, then we'll figure that out," Vogt said. ... LHP Sam Hentges is going to have shoulder surgery on Sept. 18. Dr. Neal ElAttrache is going to perform the operation in Los Angeles, and Hentges is expected to be sidelined for about a year.

White Sox: RHP Drew Thorpe said his season-ending elbow surgery went as expected. "Should have a normal offseason and be ready to go for next year," he said. ... INF Brooks Baldwin (right wrist sprain) "still hurts kind of when he hits," said interim manager Grady Sizemore. "Want to make sure, even though the scans and X-rays look good, that he's not swinging through pain and creating more problems," Sizemore said.

UP NEXT

Guardians left-hander Matthew Boyd (2-1, 2.20 ERA) and White Sox right-hander Davis Martin (0-3, 3.29 ERA) take the mound for Wednesday's series finale. Boyd has a 1.50 ERA over his last three starts, striking out 18 in 18 innings. Martin is 0-2 with a 2.53 ERA over his last six outings.

More from CBS News
Connor Bedard scores as Blackhawks top Avalanche
Bulls fall behind early against Pacers, go on to lose
Ben Humrichous scores 21 points, No. 13 Illinois routs Penn State
Red Wings hold off Blackhawks 5-3 for 6th straight victory
In: Chicago White Sox Cleveland Guardians

© 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
CBS 2
Contests & Promotions
Program Guide
Sitemap
About Us
Advertise
CBS Television Jobs
Public File for WBBM-TV / CBS2
Public Inspection File Help
FCC Applications
EEO Report
 
 
 
Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On
Review and Manage Your Cookie Settings
If you consent, we and our 138 partners can store and access personal information on your device to provide a more personalised browsing experience. This is accomplished through processing personal data collected from browsing data stored in cookies. You can provide/withdraw consent and object to processing based on a legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the ‘Manage’ button.
For more information refer Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Measure advertising performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content.
List of Partners

Accept Reject
Manage
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbsnews.com/chicago/news/white-sox-blanked-by-guardians/ 
 ----- 
