ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISE WITH STUFF
December 17 2024
Kia ora, Aotearoa
LOGIN
NZ NEWS
QUIZZES
TFN
LIFE & STYLE
SPORT
Recap: All Whites beat Malaysia in international football friendly
Andrew Voerman

October 14, 2024 •07:53am

8Comments

Share

Play Video
1:44
All Whites host Malaysia in first NZ game in 18 months
Chances are you support one of these teams. How about you support us?
CONTRIBUTE TO STUFF
FAST FACTS
The All Whites play Malaysia in an international football friendly at North Harbour Stadium in Auckland on Friday night.
It is the first time New Zealand have hosted an opponent from outside Oceania that is ranked lower than them by FIFA in 18 years.
The match kicks off at 7pm and will be broadcast live on FIFA+ with live updates here on Stuff.
What to expect

The All Whites have the rarest of fixtures at North Harbour Stadium in Auckland on Monday night – a home match against a team from outside Oceania that sits below them on the FIFA rankings.

Malaysia failed to make it through to the last 18 in Asian qualifying for the 2026 FIFA World Cup and currently sit 132nd in the world – 37 places below the 95th-ranked All Whites.

They are the first team to arrive in New Zealand in such a position since themselves in 2006, when they were ranked 125th and their hosts were ranked 122nd and the All Whites won 1-0 in Christchurch and 2-1 in Auckland.

This match therefore presents an excellent chance for Darren Bazeley’s side to secure their first win outside Oceania in 19 months.

The players have made it clear they know they are the favourites, though the gap between the two teams is likely to be smaller than their respective rankings suggests.

The All Whites were frustrated by heat, a bumpy pitch and a Tahitian low block as they began World Cup qualifying with a patchy performance that nevertheless resulted in a 3-0 win on Friday in Vanuatu.

They will be eager to have the chance to express themselves better in friendlier conditions on home soil, with Bazeley planning on making a few changes to his starting XI. A start for Alex Paulsen in goal seems likely, with Storm Roux – in place of Tim Payne at right back – and Michael Boxall – in place of either Tyler Bindon or Nando Pijanker at centre back – two others who are a good chance to come in.

Squads
All Whites

Goalkeepers: Max Crocombe, Alex Paulsen, Oli Sail

Defenders: Tyler Bindon, Michael Boxall, Liberato Cacace, Tim Payne, Nando Pijnaker, Storm Roux, Tommy Smith, Sam Sutton

Midfielders: Matt Garbett, Cam Howieson, Eli Just, Ben Old, Alex Rufer, Marko Stamenic

Forwards: Kosta Barbarouses, Logan Rogerson, Ben Waine, Chris Wood

Malaysia

Goalkeepers: Azri Ghani, Syihan Hazmi, Azim Al-Amin, Haziq Aiman Esa

Defenders: Matthew Davies, Adib Raop, Daniel Ting, Azam Azmi, Dominic Tan, Feroz Baharudin, La'Vere Corbin-Ong, Harith Haiqal, Safwan Mazlan

Midfeidlers: Stuart Wilkin, Endrick, Syamer Kutty Abba, Nooa Laine, Paulo Josué, Haykal Danish

Forwards: Haqimi Azim, Darren Lok, Safawi Rasid, Arif Aiman, Akhyar Rashid, Syafiq Ahmad, Romel Morales

The All Whites celebrate Ben Waine’s goal that secured a 1-1 draw with the United States in their last match outside Oceania.
TREVOR RUSZKOWSKI / PHOTOSPORT
Form

The All Whites began their qualifying campaign for the 2026 FIFA World Cup on Friday, beating Tahiti 3-0 in Vanuatu before flying to Auckland later that evening and arriving at their hotel around 1am on Saturday morning.

They have had four other wins in Oceania this year, at the Nations Cup in Vanuatu in June, but haven’t won outside the Pacific since last March, when they beat China 2-1 in Wellington.

New Zealand’s best results in the intervening 19 months have been four draws – 1-1 with the Democratic Republic of the Congo in Spain last October, 1-1 with the Republic of Ireland in Dublin last November, 0-0 with Tunisia in Egypt in March (ahead of a loss in a penalty shootout) and 1-1 with the United States in Cincinnati in September.

Malaysia were not among the 18 teams that advanced from the second round of Asian World Cup qualifying when it finished earlier this year. The total of 10 points they earned while finishing third in their four-team group was more than that of four of the teams that did progress.

In qualifying, Malaysia had a 4-3 win and 1-1 with Kyrgyzstan, who pipped them by one point, a pair of 2-0 defeats against group winners Oman, and 3-1 and 1-0 wins over Chinese Taipei. They have played two friendlies since missing out on a place in the third round, beating the Philippines 2-1 and Lebanon 1-0 in September.

They also played A-League Men newcomers Auckland FC behind closed doors on Friday at Mt Smart Stadium, drawing 1-1 in a match where they made nine halftime changes and used 22 players all up.

What they said

Liberato Cacace (All Whites fullback): “We're favourites. We're expected to win, especially with the result they had yesterday. We've got no excuses heading into the game. We have to win, and we have to start to show the world that we are not a 100-ranked team. We need to beat these teams, and beat them comfortably”.

Chris Wood (All Whites striker): “We've always talked about it – playing in front of our home crowd and fans and things like that, connecting with them and being closer to them. It's fantastic that we're back here. It's nice that the next couple of windows are back here as well, so we can hopefully put on some good performances for our home crowd and just connect with them more, on and off the pitch”.

Players to watch

Alex Rufer (All Whites): The Wellington Phoenix captain has started seven of the All Whites’ nine matches this year and was named player of the match against Tahiti on Friday. He will have a key role to play against Malaysia, both defensively in breaking up opposition attacks and in an attacking sense, as the player who will get the All Whites moving forward.

Safawi Rasid (Malaysia): One of 14 siblings, Safawai is the leading goalscorer in the Malaysian squad, with 22 to his name from 63 appearances. The 27-year-old plays for Terengganu FC in the Malaysia Super League.

2 MINUTES OF STUFF

The day's talking point and stories you don't want to miss, delivered to your inbox

History

The All Whites and Malaysia have met 12 times previously, though not since 2006. New Zealand won 2-1 in Auckland and 1-0 in Christchurch on that occasion. Four years earlier in Kuala Lumpur, they won 2-0 following a 0-0 draw. All told, New Zealand have won eight, Malaysia have won two and there have been two draws.

Who do you think will win?
- Stuff

Share

Add/View Comment
(
8
)
MORE FROM STUFF
Live: Mass casualty triage set up at hospital after Vanuatu quake
By Poppy Clark
Captain Cacace leads the way as All Whites beat Malaysia
By Andrew Voerman
Chris Wood leads All Whites to biggest win in 20 years over Vanuatu
By Andrew Voerman
Talking polo with champion sportswoman, Indi Bennetto
SPONSORED
SPONSORED CONTENT BY LEXUS URBAN POLO
Recap: Auckland FC beat Macarthur to stay perfect
By Andrew Voerman
The Samoan amateurs who have to stop Kiwi Premier League star Chris Wood
By Andrew Voerman
Subscribe for digital access
Support Stuff
Contact us
Advertising
Careers
Send your stories to
newstips@stuff.co.nz
Digital News Provider of the Year 2024
Editorial code
Privacy policy
Terms & conditions
Cookies policy
© 2024 Stuff Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.stuff.co.nz/sport/350441966/recap-all-whites-beat-malaysia-international-football-friendly 
 ----- 
