Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Latest news
Video
New Zealand
Sport
All Blacks
Business
Entertainment
Podcasts & audio
Quizzes
Opinion
Lifestyle
Travel
Viva
Weather forecasts
Home / Sport / Football / All Whites
Football: All Whites underline their potential with impressive victory over Malaysia at North Harbour Stadium
By Michael Burgess
Specialist Multimedia Sports Journalist·NZ Herald·
14 Oct, 2024 08:07 AM
4 mins to read
Save
Share

Chris Wood celebrates his goal against Malaysia with Ben Old. Photo / Photosport

By Michael Burgess at North Harbour Stadium

All’s well that ends well.

After a frustrating and fitful first half – where they couldn’t make the most of an avalanche of chances against a dogged Malaysian side – the All Whites came home strong after the break on Monday night, with the 4-0 margin an accurate reflection of their dominance.

Elijah Just, Matt Garbett, Chris Wood and Logan Rogerson found the net for the All Whites, to mark a rare win over a non-Oceania team.

While the home side were heavily favoured, the result – and the performance – will be a much-needed tonic.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

Against admittedly modest opponents – Malaysia are ranked world No 132 – the All Whites exhibited their full range of attacking potential, with some crisp passing, interplay and movement.

They were profligate in the first half - and a little unlucky - as the Asian side were disciplined and determined behind the ball. But they eventually found a way, a reward for perseverance and a willingness to stick to their patterns.

In front of a vocal crowd of 8513, who braved chilly, wet conditions in Auckland, it was the kind of display the All Whites desperately wanted to put on, given the paucity of chances they get to play in this country.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

It also underlined the excitement about this generation, as eight of the starting team were aged 24 or under, with only Michael Boxall (36), Storm Roux (31) and Alex Rufer (28) not born this century.

Libby Cacace was again outstanding, while Ben Old showed the benefits of his time in France. Just was lively and the central midfield controlled the game well.

Coach Darren Bazeley reshuffled his starting XI from Friday’s win over Tahiti, with Alex Paulsen (Max Crocombe), Boxall (Nando Pijnaker), Roux (Tim Payne) and Ben Waine (Wood) coming in. Wood’s time was being managed – with his Nottingham Forest commitments - along with the desire to reward Waine with some gametime.

The first half was fever and finesse followed by frustration. It’s hard to remember a similar 45 minutes from an All Whites team – with so many chances created – and none able to be taken. New Zealand had at least 15 shots, as well as the crosses or passes that squirmed just out of reach.

Discover more
All Whites
Exclusive: Chris Wood reveals his staggering future ambition
12 Oct 07:00 PM
All Whites
All Whites ease to win in World Cup qualifier
11 Oct 04:30 AM
Football World Cup
All Whites chase richest prize in New Zealand sporting history
09 Oct 11:15 PM

The Malaysian defending was resolute, with an ability to get bodies in the way, as they protected their penalty area well, but the All Whites should have been at least two or three ahead. It came down to split-second decisions and some hesitation, or wrong options.

There was also a lack of late runs – gambling to the far post – which meant some crosses went unrewarded. Just had a good opportunity in the first few minutes – denied by the goalkeeper after Marko Stamenic had created space – which became a pattern. Old headed over with the goal at his mercy, then forced a brilliant save with a dipping curling shot after a sweeping team move.

Other shots weren’t caught clean, with Cacace and Garbett having chances from a handy range, while Waine was too often outnumbered, well-marked by at least two defenders.

After a snappy first 30 minutes, the All Whites lost momentum. They got frustrated – shown by some ambitious shots from distance when better options were available – and Malaysia began to make some incursions.

Malaysia started well after the break and the visitors felt Roux was fortunate to receive only a yellow card, after a sprawling challenge to stop a counter-attack.

The break through came from a fast transition, with Just sliding home. The goal was created by Cacace, who drove forward before finding his teammate. The fullback was also instrumental in the second, his pace and power again making inroads, before laying on a delightful ball for Garbett, who finished with aplomb, placing his shot in the corner.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

Now the All Whites had a head of steam, and Wood added a third soon after coming on. Fellow substitute Kosta Barbarouses delivered a pinpoint ball to the far post, with Wood showing his striking instincts to nod home, while narrowly avoiding a collision with the woodwork.

After Stamenic was denied by another flying save, Rogerson added the final flourish with a sweet hit from the edge of the area, to round out an impressive display.

All Whites 4 (Elijah Just 53′, Matt Garbett 61′, Chris Wood 72′, Logan Rogerson 90′)

Malaysia 0

Halftime 0-0




ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.
Recommended for you
Refresh for more
New Zealand
Bodies seen as rescuers comb through rubble after 7.3 Vanuatu quake
New Zealand
Trainer kicks horse in genitals - avoids conviction, name suppressed
Black Caps
Southee's departure delivers reminder of what made him so great
New Zealand
Wynyard Quarter bridge closed after second technical issue in two days
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
Latest from All Whites
PREMIUM
Editorial: How Chris Wood became one of our greatest sporting exports
22 Nov 04:53 PM

OPINION: The boy from Hamilton has become a top-flight goalscoring machine.

'Robin Wood': A Nottingham Forest fan on how they learned to love Kiwi ace
19 Nov 10:00 PM
How the All Whites will reset for 2026 World Cup, after big win over Samoa
19 Nov 03:00 AM
Wood nets hat-trick as All Whites blitz Samoa in Fifa World Cup qualifying
18 Nov 08:32 AM
SPONSORED
What falling rates mean for investors
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
NZ HERALD
About NZ Herald
Meet the journalists
Newsletters
Classifieds
Help & support
Contact us
House rules
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Competition terms & conditions
Our use of AI
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
NZ Herald e-editions
Daily puzzles & quizzes
Manage your digital subscription
Manage your print subscription
Subscribe to the NZ Herald newspaper
Subscribe to Herald Premium
Gift a subscription
Subscriber FAQs
Subscription terms & conditions
Promotions and subscriber benefits
NZME NETWORK
The New Zealand Herald
The Northland Age
The Northern Advocate
Waikato Herald
Bay of Plenty Times
Rotorua Daily Post
Hawke's Bay Today
Whanganui Chronicle
Viva
NZ Listener
What the Actual
Newstalk ZB
BusinessDesk
OneRoof
Driven CarGuide
iHeart Radio
Restaurant Hub
NZME
About NZME
NZME careers
Advertise with NZME
Digital self-service advertising
Book your classified ad
Photo sales
NZME Events
© Copyright 2024 NZME Publishing Limited
Access New Zealand’s best journalism
From $0.99 per week
Subscribe now
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nzherald.co.nz/sport/football/all-whites/all-whites-v-malaysia-live-updates-international-friendly/SWI44MNNFJGSLHOK6L4ZH4XPPA/ 
 ----- 
