TRANSFERS
Premier League
Man City
Man Utd
Liverpool
Arsenal
Chelsea
Tottenham
Leicester City
Everton FC
Aston Villa
West Ham
Newcastle
Brighton
Wolves
Ipswich
Southampton
Nottingham Forest
Fulham
Crystal Palace
Brentford
Bournemouth
Championship
Leeds United
Norwich City
Stoke City
Sheffield United
Bristol City
Sunderland
LaLiga
Real Madrid
Barcelona
Atletico Madrid
Athletic Bilbao
Real Sociedad
Valencia
SPL
Al-Nassr
Al-Hilal
Al-Ittihad
Al-Riyadh
Al-Ahli
Al-Ettifaq
Scottish Premiership
Celtic FC
Rangers FC
News
Fixtures
Competitions
Premier League
LaLiga
EFL Championship
SPL
MLS
Bundesliga
Ligue1
Serie A
EURO
Copa America
UCL
UEL
FA Cup

Home

>

News

>

New Zealand Vs Malaysia Player Ratings 14th October 2024

Advertisement
5 min read
Rishap
Mod: 14 Oct 2024 08:49 AM
New Zealand 4-0 Malaysia Player Ratings as Cacace’s brilliance tears apart the visitors
Chris Wood
Liberato Cacace
Malaysia
New Zealand
New Zealand vs Malaysia

New Zealand thrashed Malaysia 4-0 in a friendly fixture at the North Harbour Stadium, Auckland. Despite being the underdogs, Malaysia showed so much mettle in the first half, preventing the hosts from finding the score sheet with an excellent defensive performance. However, Malaysia was pegged back after Elijah Just found the breakthrough shortly after the break, thanks to a great cross from Liberato Cacace. It opened the floodgates as Matt Garbett and Chris Wood went on to add goals before substitute Logan Rogerson rounded off the game with a brilliant long-range goal.

New Zealand National Football Team Player Ratings vs Malaysia
New Zealand’s Elijah Just after scoring a goal against Malaysia in a friendly fixture (Getty Images)
Goalkeeper

Alex Paulsen: 6/10 – Was hardly troubled by the visitors

Defenders

Tyler Bindon: 7/10 – The teenage centre-back produced an impressive showing, playing a key role in the home side securing a clean sheet.

Michael Boxall: 7/10 – Boxall held his own in the backline with great composure on the ball – his long balls were immaculate. Also defended well in transition, making a headed clearance when the visitors embarked on a counter-attack.

Liberato Cacace: 8/10 – The captain of the evening and Empoli left-back produced a performance of the highest order. His ball progression coupled with blistering pace was right on top and proved too good for the Malaysian defenders. Set up the strikes of Just and Garbett with two top-quality assists Also defended well when needed.

Storm Roux: Roux delivered a fine performance from the right-back spot, threading in some dangerous progressive passes. Slipped to the ground when Malaysia were on the counter but managed to defend it.

Midfielders

Alex Rufer: 6/10 – As the deepest midfielder, Rufer excelled with his calmness on the ball and controlling the tempo of the game.

Matt Garbett: 8/10 – Forced a save from the Malaysian keeper earlier in the first half after a mazy run down the right flank and capped off the evening with a nonchalant finish.

Marko Stamenic: 7/10 – A brilliant all-round performance. Showed great press resistance and defended well with his great awareness of the game. Made timely runs into the box frequently.

Attackers

Elijah Just: 8/10 – Elijah Just showed he is a maverick with an awe-inspiring performance. With the license to roam everywhere on the pitch, Just turned the visitors in and out with his devastating dribbling prowess. His calm finish off Cacace’s pass was an icing on the cake.

Ben Old: 6/10 – Old would be kicking himself for not finding the score sheet despite enjoying a handful of opportunities. Nevertheless, His efforts deserve credit.

Ben Waine: 5/10 – Waine also looked threatening inside the box but his finishing prowess was poor. Flicked a wonderful effort off his back heel but Hazmi defied it with a sharp save.

Substitutes

Sam Sutton: N/A

Kostas Barbarouses: 7/10 Instant impact off the bench, providing a sublime cross to Wood’s goal.

Chris Wood: 7/10 The Nottingham Forest marksman showed his striker’s instincts with a fine header.

Logan Rogerson: 7/10 Rogerson provided the finishing touch with an absolute belter of strike from outside the box.

Manager

Darren Bazeley: 8/10 – Despite a challenging first half, Bazeley instructed his players to carry on their attacking style of play, which bore fruit. Another comprehensive win for New Zealand.

Also Read: Austria vs Norway Players Rating as Marko Arnautovic and Austria ran riot against Norway

Malaysia National Football Team Player Ratings vs New Zealand
New Zealand’s Liberato Cacace in action against Malaysia in a friendly fixture (Getty Images)
Goalkeeper

Syihan Hazmi: 5/10 – Hazmi was outstanding in the first half, making a flurry of incredible saves but found himself on the receiving end after the break

Defenders

Matthew Davies:5/10 – Had a lacklustre game but provided a deadly cross into the box after the break, but Morale headed his effort wide. Also, his defensive efforts left a lot to be desired as the hosts created more chances from the left-hand side.

Dominic Tan: 6/10 – Tan put his body on the line for larger spells, ensuring the defence remained intact with a handful of recoveries, blocks and interceptions, however, he was left in the lurch when New Zealand began their onslaught.

Harith Haiqal: 6/10 – Haiqal was a solid presence in the defence, blockading efforts from Garbett and Old in the first half but the completion changed in the second half.

Corbin Ong: 4/10 – Showed some aggression to win duels but offered nothing on the attacking front.

Midfielders

Syamer Kutty: 4/10 – A disappointing performance from the team’s most important member. As the deepest midfielder, Kutty was sloppy on possession and also found wanting in transitions.

Nooa Laine: 6/10 – Laine was one of the bright spots when Malaysia were keeping New Zealand under check.

Endrick Dos Santos: 4/10 – Was hardly allowed to stamp his authority. The Brazilian also failed to conjure any magic with the limited chances.

Attackers

Arif Aiman: 3/10 – Malaysia’s threatening player on paper, Aiman failed to create any impact, with the hosts keeping him quiet considerably.

Darren Lok: 2/10 – Barely lasted for a quarter of the game before being hauled off with an injury

Romel Morale: 4/10 -Was fed with two chances in the second half but his headers were wide off the mark.

Substitutes

Safawi Rasid: 5/10 – Rasid showed flashes of brilliance with his amazing dribbling skills but without any end product.

Manager

Pau Marti Vicente: Vicente’s men looked formidable enough to secure a draw after a fine performance in the first half but the tables were turned after the break, with the visitors failing to gather any sort of momentum when All Whites started the routing.

Also Read: Finland 1-3 England: Player ratings as Three Lions leave it late in Helsinki

FAQs

What was the result of New Zealand vs Malaysia?

When was New Zealand vs Malaysia?

Who was the man of the match in New Zealand vs Malaysia?

Who was the worst performer in New Zealand vs Malaysia?

Trending Articles

Mykhailo Mudryk failed doping test, might face four year ban

Real Betis vs HJK Prediction, Preview, Team News, and L...

Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers Lineups, Preview, Prediction...

Manchester United Struggles with Dressing Room Leaks Amid Rising Tensions

QUICK LINKS
Home
All News
Fixtures
COMPETITIONS
Premier League
La Liga
EFL Championship
Saudi Pro League
Bundesliga
Ligue1
Serie A
UEL
UCL
FA Cup
NEWS
Football Features
Football News
Football Predictions
Player Ratings
Entertainment
FPL
Esports
WNBA Features
WNBA Players
WNBA All Star Game
FOLLOW US
About us
•
Privacy Policy
•
Career
Website Sitemap

All images used are for editorial purposes only. License solely with Getty/Source.

Copyright © 2024 Sportsdunia All rights reserved.

The information contained in Sportsdunia may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of Sportsdunia
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsdunia.com/news/new-zealand-vs-malaysia-player-ratings-14th-october-2024 
 ----- 
