News
Today's news
US
Politics
World
Tech
Climate change
Health
Science
2024 election
Originals
Newsletters
Life
Health
Parenting
Style and beauty
Horoscopes
Shopping
Food
Travel
Autos
Gift ideas
Buying guides
Entertainment
Celebrity
TV
Movies
Music
How to Watch
Interviews
Videos
Finance
My portfolio
News
Markets
Sectors
Screeners
Personal finance
Videos
Crypto
Industries
Sports
Fantasy
Daily fantasy
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
Soccer
College football
Show all
New on Yahoo
Creators
Games
Tech
Editions
US
© 2024
All rights reserved.
Search query

Manage your account

Help
Add or switch accounts
Sign out
Advertisement
Close this content
Entertainment News
Travis Hunter defends fiancée
New 'Superman' movie
‘Simpsons’ Christmas episode
'Nickel Boys’
Clay Aiken
Distancing from 'Diddy'
Taylor-Johnsons
Taylor Swift dancer
'Love is Blind' contestants
Selena Gomez timing
ABC Adds More ‘MNF’ Simulcasts; ‘What Would You Do?’ Moves; Pat Sajak’s ‘Celebrity Wheel of Fortune’ & ‘Press Your Luck’ Pushed To 2025
Nellie Andreeva
Fri, October 11, 2024 at 4:48 PM UTC
3 min read

ABC has made changes to its Monday and Wednesday schedules. Monday will now be officially a Monday Night Football night as the network has added six more simulcasts for a total of 17 games in 2024 — 14 simulcast, including playoffs, and three exclusive. This replaces ABC’s previously announced Monday lineup of Celebrity Wheel of Fortune, Press Your Luck and What Would You Do?

Of the three, the game shows are being pushed to 2025, delaying Pat Sajak’s Wheel of Fortune farewell with his final celebrity edition, while What Would You Do? will move to Wednesdays starting next week, taking over the slot previously assigned to ABC News’ Scamanda, which will be held for midseason.

More from Deadline

2024 Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series On Broadcast, Cable & Streaming

Netflix Lands NFL Christmas Day Games In Latest Step-Up In Sports

'9-1-1' Season 8 Premiere Buzzes Toward 10M Cross-Platform Viewers In 7 Days

Advertisement

If this all sounds confusing, here is the context behind the moves — with an ironic twist involving the CW.

ABC did not announce a Monday lineup at the upfronts, leading many to believe the night was being reserved for MNF just like the network did during the strike-impacted last fall when it simulcast 15 games with ESPN.

But then in late August, ABC announced that Celebrity Wheel of Fortune, Press Your Luck and What Would You Do? would air Mondays starting October 7 due to carrying fewer MNF games. That prompted the CW to rejigger its schedule, which had been announced in May and featured game shows Scrabble and Trivial Pursuit on Monday that would’ve gone directly against ABC’s game show block. (They are now airing Thursday, with the final episodes of Superman & Lois tasked with battling football on Monday instead.)

There was another scheduling change when the October 2 Dancing With the Stars episode became displaced by the Vice Presidential debate. It moved to October 7, pre-empting the season premieres of Celebrity Wheel of Fortune and Press Your Luck. The season premiere of What Would You Do? followed Dancing that night.

Advertisement

With Scamanda not slated to debut until October 16, a decision was made to put the only of the four unscripted series that had already premiered, What Would You Do?, in Scamanda‘s Wednesday 10 p.m. slot, with the other three getting on the bench until 2025.

Here is a list of ABC’s remaining MNF games:

o Bills at Jets (October 14, 2024 – 8:15 p.m. – ESPN, ABC simulcast)
o Ravens at Buccaneers (October 21, 2024 – 8:15 p.m. – ESPN, ABC simulcast)
o Giants at Steelers (October 28, 2024 – 8:15 p.m. – ABC, ESPN, ESPN+) *previously announced as an ABC simulcast
o Buccaneers at Chiefs (November 4, 2024 – 8:15 p.m. – ESPN, ABC simulcast)
o Texans at Cowboys (November 18, 2024 – 8:15 p.m. – ESPN, ABC simulcast)
o Ravens at Chargers (November 25, 2024 – 8:15 p.m. – ESPN, ABC simulcast)
o Bengals at Cowboys (December 9, 2024 – 8:15 p.m. – ABC, ESPN, ESPN+) *previously announced as an ABC simulcast
o Bears at Vikings (December 16 ,2024 – 8:00 p.m. ABC exclusive) *previously announced as an ABC exclusive
o Saints at Packers (December 23, 2024 – 8:15 p.m. – ESPN, ABC simulcast)
o Lions at 49ers (December 30, 2024 – 8:15 p.m. – ABC, ESPN, ESPN+) *previously announced as an ABC simulcast
o TBD at TBD (January 4, 2025 – 4:30 p.m. – ESPN, ABC simulcast) *previously announced as an ABC simulcast
o TBD at TBD (January 4, 2025 – 8:15 p.m. – ESPN, ABC simulcast) *previously announced as an ABC simulcast
o Super Wild Card Playoff (January 13, 2025 – 8:15 p.m. – ESPN, ABC simulcast) *previously announced as an ABC simulcast
o Divisional Round Playoff (January 18 or 19, 2025 TBD – ESPN, ABC simulcast) *previously announced as an ABC simulcast

Additionally, there are seven ESPN exclusive games and one ESPN+ exclusive game.

Best of Deadline

Everything We Know About ‘Freakier Friday’ So Far

TV Cancellations Photo Gallery: Series Ending In 2024 & Beyond

2024 Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series On Broadcast, Cable & Streaming

Sign up for Deadline's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.

Advertisement
About Our Ads
Solve the daily Crossword
17,967 people played the daily Crossword recently. Can you solve it faster than others?
Crossword
Play on Yahoo
Advertisement
Recommended articles
Social Media Erupts as Travis Hunter’s Girlfriend Faces Backlash Following Heisman Ceremony Moment
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
New England ski area offering free lift tickets all season thanks to ‘generous’ gift
WFXT
'The Voice' Fans, the Show Announced the Season 27 Premiere Date
Good Housekeeping
Diane Delano, ‘Northern Exposure’ Actor, Dies at 67
Variety
Classic Sitcom Star Pam Dawber Looks Unrecognizable in Rare Public Sighting
Parade
2024 Grant Thornton Invitational prize money payouts for each team
USA TODAY Sports - Golfweek
‘Blue Bloods’ Showrunner Reveals Why Major Character Was Missing From Final Family Dinner
Closer Weekly
Trump weighs in after Duke lacrosse accuser admits falsifying rape allegations
USA TODAY
Travis Hunter’s Girlfriend Leanna Lenee Criticized After Reacting to His Photos with Fans at Scheduled Event: “I Just Sit Here Then?”
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
Sydney Sweeney posts high-intensity training video after body-shaming comments
Good Morning America
Travis Hunter Defends Fiancée Leanna Lenee Amid Backlash: “She’s Been Crying and Drinking All Day”
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
WWE Provides Injury Update On Cody Rhodes After Kevin Owens Attack
Wrestle Zone
Kevin Owens Comments On Attacking Cody Rhodes, Arguing With Triple H
Wrestle Zone
Travis Hunter’s Girlfriend Leanna Lenee Shuts Down Gold Digging Rumors: “I Will Not Be Addressing This Again”
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
Chiefs’ biggest Patrick Mahomes dilemma isn’t his injury. It’s what came before it
Sacramento Bee
Don't blame NCAA for Penn State's Beau Pribula transfer portal exit amid College Football Playoff
USA TODAY Sports
‘Yellowstone’ creator Taylor Sheridan slammed for ‘cringe’ role in his own show: ‘We don’t care about Travis’
NY Post
Joe Burrow's heated exchange with Zac Taylor goes viral
Bengals Wire
Why Did Triple H and Kevin Owens Get Physical at WWE Saturday Night’s Main Event?
COMINGSOON.net
Caitlin Clark's first workout with Stephanie White shows what Fever star is adding to her game
Indianapolis Star
Who Was Bob Avila on 'Yellowstone'?
Parade
Fantasy Football Waiver Wire: Early pickups for Week 16
Yahoo Sports
What’s the Future of ‘Yellowstone’? A Spin-off Starring Kelly Reilly and Cole Hauser.
Elle
Jayden Daniels' hilarious response to Saints' failed 2-point conversion attempt
Commanders Wire
Jake Paul, Nate Diaz reignite feud and angle for MMA fight: 'Sign the contract'
MMA Junkie
"Her Response Is Everything": Here's Why Millions Of People Are Talking About Billie Eilish's Response To Being Hit In The Face With A Bracelet
BuzzFeed
17 Times Reality Stars Dropped Secrets About Their Shows That Prove Just How Real (Or Not) They Actually Are
BuzzFeed
More than 30 minutes of live Black Sabbath footage from 1976 has appeared online
Louder Sound
Heisman Trophy Winner Travis Hunter and Fiancee Leanna Lenee’s Complete Relationship Timeline
Us Weekly
Rhea Ripley References Liv Morgan Arrest, Tells Her To Touch Less Grass
Wrestle Zone
Highly touted Ohio State quarterback enters transfer portal
Buckeyes Wire
“Yellowstone” finale review: Taylor Sheridan offers a bloated (maybe) goodbye
Entertainment Weekly
21 Insufferable Customers Who Should Be Banned From All Restaurants ASAP
BuzzFeed
2024 Grant Thornton Invitational prize money: Purse payout for the 16 teams
Golf Channel
30 Critically Acclaimed Movies That "Everyone" Seems To Hate Now
BuzzFeed
Why Did Evan Hofer’s Dex Leave General Hospital?
COMINGSOON.net
Jared Goff put up one of the rarest stat lines in NFL history and still couldn’t overcome Josh Allen
FTW Outdoors
These golfers survived PGA Tour Q-School to earn 2025 tour cards
USA TODAY Sports - Golfweek
LOL, Kevin Costner Just Made The Wildest 'Yellowstone' Season 5 Comment
Brit + Co
Woman Visits McDonald's Drive-Thru to Get Diet Coke, Ends Up with Way More Than She Bargained for (Exclusive)
People
Kelly Reilly, aka Beth Dutton, Bids Instagram Farewell To Her ‘Yellowstone’ Crew Before Finale
The Wrap
John Lynch's alter ego threw De'Vondre Campbell off 49ers sideline
Niners Wire
Winners, losers from Dennis Schroder trade to Warriors
NBC Sports
Lakers are reportedly showing 'serious trade interest' in two centers
Lebron Wire
Heisman Winner Travis Hunter Defends Fiancée Against Online Backlash
E! News
Adam Sandler Made A Surprise SNL Cameo, And He Could Not Keep A Straight Face As The Sketch Went Off The Rails
CinemaBlend
Kelly Reilly Confirms Yellowstone Series Finale in a Loving Goodbye to Fans
TVLine.com
Report: Lynch confronted, sent Campbell to 49ers' locker room
NBC Sports BayArea
Who owns tiebreaker between Lions, Eagles, Vikings for No. 1 seed in NFC playoffs
Detroit Free Press
Dolphins WR Grant DuBose has movement in all extremities, remains in hospital after scary head injury vs. Texans
Yahoo Sports
Advertisement
Yahoo!
Movies
TV + Streaming
How to Watch
Music
Celebrity
Books
The It List
Interviews
Yahoo Picks
Help
Suggestions
About Our Ads
Site map
Follow us on
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/abc-adds-more-mnf-simulcasts-164806951.html 
 ----- 
