Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Final days of our appeal
Make a year-end gift now to fund our journalism
Support us
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
US
US politics
World
Climate crisis
Middle East
Ukraine
Soccer
Business
Environment
Tech
Science
Newsletters
Wellness
View image in fullscreen
RedBird IMI, a UAE-backed consortium, has been trying to buy the Telegraph group. Photograph: Belinda Jiao/Reuters
Telegraph Media Group
 This article is more than 9 months old
UAE-backed bid for Telegraph group dealt fatal blow by new legislation
This article is more than 9 months old

Proposed law bans foreign states and government officials from holding direct stakes in UK newspapers

Jane Croft
Thu 21 Mar 2024 14.42 EDT
Share

The UAE-backed bid for the Telegraph group appears to be dead in the water after the UK published proposed laws that ban foreign states or government officials from holding any direct stakes in newspaper assets.

Foreign states and government officials will be banned from holding any direct stakes in newspaper assets – effectively dealing a death blow to the £600m bid for the Telegraph group from RedBird IMI, a consortium backed by the United Arab Emirates.

Rishi Sunak’s government unveiled the legislation, which could be on the statute book within weeks, in the form of an amendment to the Enterprise Act 2002 that will effectively block foreign powers from owning UK newspaper assets.

The proposed legislation expands on the current definition of “foreign powers” used in the National Security Act 2023 to ensure it covers officers of other governments acting in a private capacity and investing their private wealth.

It means that foreign states cannot have any stake in a newspaper group and the definition of foreign power extends to:

The head of a foreign state.

A foreign government.

Authorities responsible for administering the affairs of an area within a foreign country.

Governing political parties.

Officers of governing political parties.

However, the proposed law has a narrow and specific exemption for sovereign wealth funds with a passive investment below a certain threshold.

It deals a fatal blow to the proposed Telegraph deal by RedBird IMI, a partnership backed by Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan, the vice-president of the UAE, and the US investment firm RedBird Capital Partners. The fund has about 75% of its backing from the UAE.

The planned takeover of the Telegraph, widely seen as the house journal of the Conservative party, has been fiercely opposed by many Tory MPs and peers given the UAE’s poor record on press freedom.

RedBird IMI is assessing its options but is thought to have been leaning towards a full sale of its Telegraph stake in recent days. It has not commented publicly other than to say last week it was “extremely disappointed” by the latest developments and would “evaluate our next steps, with commercial interests continuing to be the sole priority”.

An auction process for the Telegraph group led by the US investment bank Goldman Sachs began last October after the failure of the owners, the Barclay family, to repay debts of £1.15bn to Lloyds Banking Group. However the auction was paused in November after RedBird IMI pledged to repay the Barclays’ debts.

Since then the RedBird transaction has been held up by regulatory scrutiny. The culture, media and sport secretary, Lucy Frazer, said this week she was minded to refer the RedBird IMI deal for a detailed phase 2 investigation by the Competition and Markets Authority after she received reports from the CMA and the media regulator Ofcom this month.

If an auction were to be restarted, there is likely to be no shortage of bidders. Last November, Lord Rothermere, the executive chair of the Daily Mail and General Trust (DMGT), expressed interest during an interview with the Times. News UK has been among the parties that had shown interest in the Telegraph group’s Spectator magazine.

Other to have expressed interest in the Telegraph last year include Sir Paul Marshall, the co-founder of the hedge fund Marshall Wace andearly backer of GB News; and National World, the group headed by David Montgomery, a former Trinity Mirror executive.

The UK government, which has close economic ties to the UAE, has been keen to stress that the proposed law applies narrowly to newspaper assets. Frazer said on Tuesday there was no “double standard” in allowing Manchester City football club to be owned by an Emirati royal but opposing the Telegraph takeover, saying the two investments were “totally different”.

She told ITV’s Good Morning Britain programme: “We believe in this country in the free press. The media’s job is to hold power to account and it’s, therefore, inappropriate for the UK government to own a newspaper and it’s, therefore, also inappropriate for a foreign state to own a newspaper.

“But we are very much open for business in terms of foreign investment in other spheres, like football.”

The proposed legislation means that in future, media merger cases would be referred to the CMA through a new foreign state intervention notice where there are reasonable grounds to believe the merger has given, or would give, a foreign state or a body connected to a foreign state, ownership, influence or control of a UK newspaper or news magazine.

The CMA would then be obliged to investigate the possible merger and, if it concludes the merger would result in foreign state ownership, then ministers would be required by statute to make an order blocking or unwinding the merger.




Explore more on these topics
Telegraph Media Group
National newspapers
Newspapers
Newspapers & magazines
United Arab Emirates
Middle East and north Africa
news
Share
Reuse this content
More on this story
Essex police drop Allison Pearson case after CPS advice
21 Nov 2024
Allison Pearson’s ‘racist’ tweet is at centre of Telegraph’s row with police
15 Nov 2024
New York Sun owner begins exclusive talks to take over Telegraph
14 Oct 2024
Telegraph takeover: ‘concern’ in newsroom over Dovid Efune talks
7 Oct 2024
Telegraph auction: New York Sun owner a frontrunner as deadline looms
27 Sept 2024
UK counter-terror police drafted in after Telegraph journalist dies in Gibraltar
12 Sept 2024
New York Sun owner preparing to join Telegraph bidding
11 Sept 2024
GB News investor Paul Marshall seals £100m deal to buy Spectator
10 Sept 2024
GB News investor Paul Marshall poised to buy the Spectator
3 Sept 2024
Boris Johnson ‘courted for Telegraph role’ as Nadhim Zahawi plots bid
12 Aug 2024
Most viewed
US
US politics
World
Climate crisis
Middle East
Ukraine
Soccer
Business
Environment
Tech
Science
Newsletters
Wellness
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/media/2024/mar/21/uae-backed-bid-for-telegraph-group-dead-in-water-after-new-legislation 
 ----- 
