Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
France
Completely ‘pointless’ World Rugby Law Trial EPICALLY Fails As Fans Are Left Bemused Over French Tactics
Completely ‘pointless’ World Rugby law trial EPICALLY fails as fans are left bemused over French tactics
Jared Wright
10 Jul 2024 12:05 PM
23

Fans were left perplexed on Tuesday after witnessing one of World Rugby's "fan-focused law trials sensationally back-fire.

Fans were left perplexed on Tuesday after witnessing one of World Rugby’s “fan-focused law trials sensationally back-fire during the U20 World Championship.

The incident occurred during Saturday’s intense clash between France and Wales at Athlone Stadium in Cape Town, already marred by torrid conditions.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>
ReMARKable failure

Ahead of the tournament, World Rugby announced that six closed law trials would be in place for the competition, notably the ability for a mark to be claimed by a player in their 22 from a kick-off.

World Rugby’s brief explanation for the trial is “promoting attacking options.” This means that the onus is on the team kicking off to hang kick in between the opposition’s 10—and 22-metre lines in an attempt to regather the ball.

However this was not the case when Wales fly-half Harri Ford overcooked his restart as it landed in the French 22 with number eight Mathis Castro Ferreira claiming the mark.

What unfolded thereafter is what left fans perplexed as the back-rower called for teammates to come closer to him before he tapped the ball and instead of running, waited to be tackled by the Welsh defence – a rather unexpected move to remain inside his 22.

The intention was clearly to give scrum-half Thomas Sourverbie a better platform to clear from – and out on the full – as he kicked from behind the ruck, but it did not work effectively as he managed to find touch just outside his 22.

It was a clunky, odd, bland and excruciating eye-sore passage of play, a far cry from the predicted ‘promoting attacking options’ ploy the law was intended for.

Ad

And the fans’ reactions strongly suggest that it was an epic failure.

Article continues below

U20 Championship marred by controversy as Australia lodge appeal after accusing Ireland of influencing World Rugby

Reaction

“Why didn’t they just kick it from the onset? Wasted energy?” Former SA u18 Head Coach Katleho Lynch queried in reply to a post of the clip on X.

Another reply adding: “That is the worst passage of play in rugby I’ve ever seen! I don’t even know what to say!”

While another reply simply stated, “So that’s another law that needs changing then.”

Ad

However, there were far more ruthless reactions to what unfolded.

“Obvious sh*t law is sh*t. World rugby tinkering with sh*t pointlessly rather than just letting coaches and teams figure it out rather than forcing stuff,” one reply stated with another following the same script: “Well, that’s rubbish. Can we agree allowing a mark to be called from a kick off has been tried, it served no purpose, and we should just move on?”

And some fans didn’t hold back: “That was the most appalling use of it. How was that more beneficial to his team than kicking a long punt out.”

Ad
Should World Rugby bin the mark from a kick-off trial?
Yes
No

There is a rhetoric in rugby currently that the game needs to be sped up and cut out delays where possible but many agreed that this law does not achieve that.

“Absolutely pointless, just invites 2 stoppages when the game is desperately in need of speeding up,” one onlooker noted.

Another added: “Game is dying before our very own eyes. All the talk about “speeding” the game up and what do we get.. Smh!”

While there were sarcastic responses too: “Having done away with the scrum from a mark, here’s the next slice of genius from World Rugby to make the game exciting. Promises to be a thrilling rule change…”

If the law trials are ‘fan-focused,’ one has to assume that the reaction to this one has been a resounding failure and won’t continue, but you know what they say about assumptions…

Do you have any opinions or thoughts you’d like to share on the topic? Then drop us a mail at planetrugbyeditor@planetsport.com and you could feature on the site.

READ MORE: South Wales coach full of pride after Immanuel Feyi-Waboso try against All Blacks as ‘tough conversation’ pays off


France
World Rugby
World Rugby U20 Championship
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Jared Wright
08 Dec 2024
South Africa end nine-year wait for Cape Town 7s glory beating Antoine Dupont-less France in the final

South Africa and New Zealand won the top prizes in the opening weekend of the World Rugby SVNS Series.

Jared Wright
08 Dec 2024
Jaco Peyper breaks Springboks’ silence over controversial red card law

Jaco Peyper has broken SA Rugby's silence over the controversial 20-minute red card law.

Colin Newboult
27 Nov 2024
Wayne Barnes warns World Rugby of ‘dangerous territory’ after ‘breakdown’ switch hinders the attack

Distinguished former Test referee Wayne Barnes is concerned that the current officiating may be favouring the defence.

Jared Wright
26 Nov 2024
World rankings: Springboks cement top spot for 2024 but Ireland, England and Scotland could still tumble

Check out the latest World Rugby rankings following the weekend's action.

Editor's Picks
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
37
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Premiership Team of the Week: David Campese lauds ‘Lion in the making’ and player Wales should look at
30 Dec 2024
Ilona Maher ‘effect’ hailed by England legend who answers ‘million dollar question’ on USA superstar
30 Dec 2024
Test Rugby
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
1 hour ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
1 hour ago
3
Rugby World Cup 2027 final venue confirmed after sporting mega city snub – report
2 hours ago
England to face Rugby Championship opponent in two-Test series at same time as British & Irish Lions series
3 hours ago
‘A lot of guys in my position would have shot themselves’ – Elton Jantjies provides honest assessment on ‘psychological’ issues
4 hours ago
Champions Cup
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
‘They kicked us out’ – SA Rugby chief concerned Champions Cup ‘criticism’ could lead to Super Rugby scenario
22 Dec 2024
36
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/completely-pointless-world-rugby-law-trial-epically-fails-as-fans-are-left-bemused-over-french-tactics 
 ----- 
