Skip to content
Subscribe Now
52°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICS
Oakland A’s update: What’s next for Miller and Medina, and a rare east Contra Costa connection
MLB: Right-hander Mason Miller’s return to the Oakland A’s following a four-month rehab process appears imminent
Mason Miller, shown here in a file photo (Photo by Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images)
By CURTIS PASHELKA | cpashelka@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group
PUBLISHED: September 3, 2023 at 12:28 PM PDT

OAKLAND – Right-hander Mason Miller’s return to the Oakland A’s following a four-month rehab process appears imminent, although it remains unclear as to when he’ll come off of the injured list and pitch in a big-league game again.

Miller threw three perfect innings for Triple-A Las Vegas on Saturday as he struck out four and didn’t allow a walk in another strong minor league outing. A’s manager Mark Kotsay said Miller, “felt great coming out of the game. So, we’ll probably bring him back here and evaluate him and determine where he makes his next start.”

Miller made his MLB debut for the A’s on April 19 and went 0-2 with a 3.38 ERA in four games before he came down with tightness in his right forearm in May. It was determined he had a sprain in his right ulnar collateral ligament, a diagnosis that allowed him to avoid surgery and potentially rejoin the big-league roster before the end of the regular season.

Miller, who was transferred to the 60-day IL on June 30, made his first rehab start on Aug. 16 for Single-A Stockton and threw two scoreless innings with two strikeouts. In five minor league starts, Miller, who turned 25 on Aug. 24, allowed just two earned runs in 10 2/3 innings, with five walks and 12 strikeouts.

The A’s begin a three-game home series with the Toronto Blue Jays on Monday, then start a week-long road trip with three-game sets against both the Texas Rangers and Houston Astros.

“It’s great for Mason, really, that he’s able to compete and have the confidence to go out and throw,” Kotsay said. “He’s still got a little ways to go. We want him to make sure every step of the way that he feels good and finishes up healthy at the end of the season.”

MEDINA RETURNING: The next outing for right-hander Luis Medina, on the 15-day IL with a blister on his finger, will likely be with the A’s, Kotsay said. Medina, who was eligible to come off the IL on Sunday, threw 3 1/3 innings for Las Vegas on Wednesday and reported no issues.

At the moment, the A’s do not have a starter listed for Tuesday’s game against the Jays. Ken Waldichuk is slated to pitch Monday and JP Sears will start Wednesday.  Medina’s blister first developed during his outing against the Baltimore Orioles on Aug. 18.

LOCAL TIES: Los Angeles Angels infielder Kyren Paris, an East Bay native, picked up his first big league hit on Saturday, a day after he made his MLB debut. Paris, 21, attended Freedom High School and is the first player from Oakley to play in the major leagues, although the east Contra Costa city did not become incorporated until 1999.

“It was a special moment; one that I’ve dreamed of,” Paris said Saturday. “And for it to come true — it’s special.”

RELATED ARTICLES
Athletics agree to $60 million, 5-year contract with slugger Brent Rooker, per source
Timeline: The biggest Bay Area sports stories of 2024
Bay Area sports rewind: Recounting the wild ride that was 2024
Rickey Henderson’s daughter addresses reports of false funeral service
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland

Paris, a second-round draft by the Angels in 2019, was in Sunday’s lineup, hitting ninth. He said he wants to use this month as a time to showcase his abilities, “just showing that I’m capable of playing here and making an impact, that’s my goal. And helping the team win.”

Paris’ first hit came off Antioch native Paul Blackburn, who attended Heritage High School in Brentwood, a short drive from Freedom.

“Those are small towns,” Blackburn said of Brentwood and Oakley. “This area around here is a big area but … he grew up five miles from where I was. It’s cool to see.”

Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Health Care Clues
Here&#39;s What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
This Granny's Bra for Elderly Women is Taking South Carolina by Storm
Ribili
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Ribili
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Outfany
Diabetologist Stunned: This Lowers Blood Sugar Like Crazy! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling Out on Amazon - Find Out Why
The Skincare Magazine
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Neuropathy: Simple Method Helps Nerve Pain Disappear (At Home)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
In South Carolina The Whole Courtroom Turns Pale When The Girl Says This
lawyersblvd
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Cheapest Way Homeowners Are Getting New Roofs (Check Your Zip Code)
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Cher's Son is Probably the Most Handsome Man to Ever Exist
learnitwise
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer You Never Saw Coming!
Tardive Dyskenisia
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
North Charleston: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
North Charleston: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Intrigued!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? Prepare to Have Your Mind Blown!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Wrap Foil Around Your Doorknob When You Are Alone, Here's Why
Daily Living Tech
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
If You Have Vertigo Dizziness, Watch This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Popular Foods You Should Never Eat After 50, Say Dietitians
HEALTH NATURAL
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
15 Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
First Bipolar Symptom Most People Are Unaware Of! (Quick Test)!
Bipolar Test I Search Ads
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
DIMES: Living in the NBA information age
They said it: Devastation down south
From Oakland to Saratoga, Los Angeles infernos are a reminder of Bay Area’s wildfire vulnerability
Latest line: A good week for Daniel Lurie, a bad week for Karen Bass
Why are there so many data centers in Santa Clara?
Kurtenbach: Chastised by losing, Kyle Shanahan is making his Andy Reid turn
When will California’s Great America close? 7 signs the end is near
Asking Eric: My husband says I’m not to report our neighbors
Why is California’s wind blowing so hard in January?
Map: Palisades and Eaton fire perimeters and evacuation zones

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
Oakland A’s teammates, sports luminaries mourn Rickey Henderson
From the archives: How Oakland A’s legend Rickey Henderson was molded by ‘Billy Ball’
2023
September
3
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Default: Location of this page
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/09/03/oakland-as-update-whats-next-for-miller-and-medina-and-a-rare-east-contra-costa-connection/ 
 ----- 
