Skip to content

Twitter
Facebook
Language
HOME
What’s New
National Report
Politics
Business
Asia & World
Sci & Tech
Culture
Travel
Sports
Opinion
Special

The Asahi Shimbun

>

Sports

>

article

MLB/ Say cheese: Ohtani body double finds way into Angels’ team photo

THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

September 6, 2023 at 12:25 JST

Share
Tweet
list
Print

Los Angeles Angels' Shohei Ohtani walks to the dugout after striking out against the Oakland Athletics during the ninth inning of a baseball game in Oakland, Calif., Sept. 3, 2023. (AP Photo)

ANAHEIM, Calif.--It is next to impossible to replace all that Shohei Ohtani can do when standing on a baseball field, although the Los Angeles Angels did their best for a few minutes Tuesday.

With Ohtani unavailable for team photo day, as he continues to be examined for oblique soreness that cropped up Monday, the team put a body double in a No. 17 jersey and lined him up in the outfield with the rest of the players.

After the photo was completed, the Ohtani imposter was ushered out of a tunnel beyond the left field wall.

During his pregame session with the media, Angels manager Phil Nevin was asked if the body double, with a strikingly similar frame to Ohtani, could potentially pitch or hit.

“Shohei will be in the photo when you see it,” Nevin said with a smile, suggesting that somebody’s Photoshop skills will be pressed into service.

Alas, it could be the only time Ohtani’s No. 17 takes the field Tuesday. He was not in the lineup for the second consecutive day against the Baltimore Orioles because of his latest injury, although Nevin would not confirm or deny if his star hitter could potentially pinch hit in the late innings.

“Maybe,” Nevin said. “I can’t give you all of my secrets.”

Related News

MLB/ 2nd Tommy John rehab could be tougher for Shohei Ohtani

September 3, 2023

MLB/ Phillies slug 5 homers in 12-7 win over Ohtani, Angels, Harper hits career homer No. 299

August 30, 2023

Shohei Ohtani pitches cosmetics for Kose, proves a hit with men

August 27, 2023

MLB/ It's been a blast, but Ohtani's elbow injury shows limits of 2-way stardom

August 26, 2023

MLB/ Ohtani to keep playing, his future and impending free agency murky after elbow ligament injury

August 25, 2023

MLB/ Shohei Ohtani won’t pitch for rest of season because of a torn elbow ligament, Angels GM says

August 24, 2023

MLB/ Shohei Ohtani hits 44th homer, leaves mound early, returns for nightcap, but Reds sweep 2 from Halos

August 24, 2023

MLB/ Angels left-hander Reid Detmers loses no-hit bid in 8th, Ohtani homers

August 17, 2023
Share
Tweet
list
Print

 

Trending Now
Last 24 hours
Last 7 days
Student arrested after 8 injured in hammer attack at university
Troubled artist finds solace in photorealistic drawings
Students describe horror of hammer attack on Tokyo campus
JR East consults priest over mystery illness plaguing drivers
TV scenes cut of ex-SMAP member embroiled in sex scandal
VOX POPULI: U.S. bases in Okinawa keep producing sexual predators
Ministry move to increase takeoffs and landings at Narita Airport
Ex-SMAP idol apologizes for causing ‘trouble’ with woman
Princess Kako visits ‘Pokemon x Kogei’ exhibit, knows her stuff
JAL crew saved everyone aboard in Jan. 2 crash despite chaos
Videos

In Hokkaido, ‘sea of mega solar farms’ threatens protected park

January 12, 2025

More snowfalls forecast after traffic disrupted around Japan

January 10, 2025

Sony Honda’s first EV set for 2026 debut in U.S., self-driving

January 7, 2025

Recommended

Diplomatic Documents

A series based on diplomatic documents declassified by Japan’s Foreign Ministry

Memories of Hiroshima and Nagasaki

Here is a collection of first-hand accounts by “hibakusha” atomic bomb survivors.

YOASOBI

A peek through the music industry’s curtain at the producers who harnessed social media to help their idols go global.

Taste of Life

Cooking experts, chefs and others involved in the field of food introduce their special recipes intertwined with their paths in life.

Memories of Nikkei Americans

A series about Japanese-Americans and their memories of World War II

Asahi Shimbun on Twitter
Learning English
Asahi Weekly

In-house News and Messages

Link
The New York Times

BACK TO TOP

About Us
Site Policy
Privacy
Copyright
Contact Us
Transmission of user information to external service providers（利用者情報の外部送信）

Copyright © The Asahi Shimbun Company. All rights reserved. No reproduction or republication without written permission.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.asahi.com/ajw/articles/14998584 
 ----- 
