MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Mets hiring David Stearns as team president this offseason, per source: How big is this for New York?
By Will Sammon and Tim Britton
Sep 12, 2023

141

Former Milwaukee Brewers general manager and president of baseball operations David Stearns reached an agreement to become the Mets’ president after the 2023 regular season ends, a league source confirmed Tuesday. Here’s what you need to know:

The deal is for five years, according to a league source.
Stearns’ contract with the Brewers ran through the 2023 season. He stepped down from the position after the 2022 campaign and was allowed to talk with other clubs about a front-office position after the Aug. 1 trade deadline, multiple industry sources told The Athletic.
In hiring Stearns, the Mets’ expectation, based on previous reporting, is for Billy Eppler to serve under him and continue as general manager.
The Mets fired multiple people within their front office and across different departments at the end of August, league sources confirmed at the time.

The Athletic’s instant analysis:

What’s the first step?

Stearns’ first step is continuing the conversation Mets owner Steve Cohen and Eppler have had this season about the Mets’ competitive window.

Cohen has more or less retracted his statement, made in 2020, that he’d be disappointed without a World Series title in his first three to five years as owner. The Mets’ moves at the trade deadline, in shipping out both Max Scherzer and Justin Verlander and seeking prospects closer to the major leagues in return, have them set up to best contend around 2026.

At the same time, both Cohen and Eppler have said the aim remains to be “competitive” next season; Cohen has used the adjective “formidable.” Refining what those words mean in practice will define the Mets’ and Stearns’ course this winter. Does it mean committing longer term to Pete Alonso or continuing to listen to trade offers? Does it mean diving back into the starting pitching market in free agency or taking a step back and hoping in-house options exceed expectations? Does it mean handing everyday jobs to Francisco Alvarez, Brett Baty, Mark Vientos and Ronny Mauricio next Opening Day?

Creating a structured timeline is the first step, with everything else cascading off it. — Britton

How big is this for the Mets?

The Mets have been eying Stearns since Cohen’s first offseason back in the winter of 2020-2021. That was when he and then-team president Sandy Alderson said they’d hire “the most accomplished baseball person we can find” and “build the organization around him.” The Brewers denied Stearns the chance to interview with the Mets both that offseason and the following one, which is why New York has had a revolving door in its baseball leadership ever since. Alderson, Jared Porter, Zack Scott, Alderson again and Eppler have all served as the lead decision-maker in baseball operations over the last three years. — Britton

Why Stearns?

Before Stearns arrived in Milwaukee, the Brewers had been to the postseason four times in their 47-year history. He took them to October four consecutive years from 2018 through 2021, including getting them one game from the pennant in 2018.

Despite a relatively tight budget, Stearns placed an emphasis on creating deep rosters, unearthing some gems and making shrewd trades to bring big-time talent to the organization (most notably, Christian Yelich).Stearns was not perfect in Milwaukee: The club’s draft record under him was spotty, and he acknowledged he miscalculated the impact of the 2022 midseason trade of Josh Hader. The Mets have been blunt in their desire to replicate the Dodgers’ path to sustainable success the last decade. L.A. really took off when it hired Andrew Friedman away from the Rays to run its front office. Several industry sources view Stearns in the same light as Friedman. — Britton

Backstory

Cohen said in June he wanted to hire a president of baseball operations. By early September, after the trade deadline, Stearns was believed to be “down the road” with his discussions with the Mets, per multiple major-league sources. But Stearns, one source said, had also spoken with other teams, notably the Houston Astros, whom Stearns worked for as assistant general manager from November 2012 to September 2015.

The Mets’ recent front-office shakeup was not related to the vacant president of baseball operations position, but it does clear the way for Stearns to bring in people of his preference.

Stearns is a New York City native who grew up rooting for the Mets.

Required reading
Why some rivals say David Stearns would be an ideal fit for the Mets
The Mets’ real target remains David Stearns, whoever they hire as GM this winter: Sources
Since his years as a Harvard Crimson sports reporter, David Stearns has marked life events by baseball moments

(Photo: Morry Gash / AP)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4856749/2023/09/12/david-stearns-mets-president-of-baseball-operations/ 
 ----- 
