Shop Picks
Best Bets
Free Picks
Handicappers
Yesterday's Results
Sign In
Register
0
Articles
Game Previews
Offshore Sportsbooks
Odds

Follow us @bigal_com

Instagram
Twitter
Minnesota Timberwolves vs Chicago Bulls Prediction, Preview and Odds - 11/07/2024

by Rod Pearson

Wednesday, Nov 06, 2024
Game Time: 8:00 pm ET, Thursday, November 7, 2024
Venue:  United Center, Chicago, IL
Where to Watch:  NBA TV


Opening Odds at USA Sportsbooks
DraftKings:  Point Spread:  Timberwolves -6.5, Bulls +6.5; Over/Under:  225 points
Bet365:  Point Spread:  Timberwolves -6.5, Bulls +6.5; Over/Under:  225 points
BetMGM:  Point Spread:  Timberwolves -6.5, Bulls +6.5; Over/Under:  224.5 points


Season Record
Minnesota Timberwolves:  4-3 (2nd place, Northwest Division)
Chicago Bulls:  3-4 (2nd place, Central Division)


Do not miss out on our expert handicapper analysis! Nelly’s Sports is on a HOT STREAK in the NBA on a 9-2 NBA RUN for +$6,820 PROFIT! Make sure you check out his picks and many more from the expert handicappers featured in the Shop Picks section.


Recent Form
Minnesota Timberwolves:  4-3 last 7
Chicago Bulls:  3-4 last 7


Minnesota Timberwolves vs Chicago Bulls Preview and Analysis


The Timberwolves are entering this game with a 4-3 record overall this season and they are 1-2 in their road games this season where they will be in this game. They are entering this game off a win against the Charlotte Hornets. Naz Reid led the team in points in that game with 25 while Anthony Edwards was next on the team with 21 points. Julius Randle, Rudy Gobert, and Mike Conley Jr. each led the team in assists in that game with 4 while Naz Reid led the team in rebounds with 9. They were 49.4% from the field, 47.4% from 3-point range, and 69.2% from the free throw line with their shots in that game. Their offense is averaging 111.7 PPG and their defense is allowing their opponents to average 109.7 PPG against them. The Timberwolves have an ATS record of 2-5 this season and their O/U record is 4-3.






The Bulls are entering this game with a 3-4 record overall this season and they are 1-2 in their home games this season where they will be in this game. They are entering this game on a 2 game losing streak with losses coming against the Brooklyn Nets and the Utah Jazz, but this is also the 2nd game of a back-to-back for them with their game against the Dallas Mavericks still to be played on Wednesday night. In their game against the Jazz, Coby White led the team in points in that game with 28 while Ayo Dosunmu was next on the team with 25 points. Josh Giddey led the team in assists in that game with 7 while Nikola Vucevic led the team in rebounds with 10. They were 47.4% from the field, 37.8% from 3-point range, and 88% from the free throw line with their shots in that game. Their offense is averaging 115 PPG and their defense is allowing their opponents to average 119.4 PPG against them. The Bulls have an ATS record of 3-4 this season and their O/U record is 5-2.


Timberwolves vs Bulls Prediction
The current betting odds have the Timberwolves listed as a 6.5 point favorite in this game according to Draftkings Sportsbook. The Timberwolves have looked good in their games this season with their 4-3 record overall which has them near the top of the West at the moment. Only 3 teams have really separated themselves in the West so the Timberwolves have a chance to start breaking away from the pack in this game. They have some momentum on their side too, winning 2 games in a row now, and they are in a better situation with some rest for this game too. Meanwhile, the Bulls haven't looked great in their games this season with their 3-4 record overall which has them in the bottom half of the East. They haven't looked good in their games lately either, losing 2 games in a row now, and their losses didn't come against good teams either. They also have a game against the Mavericks on Wednesday night so they are playing this game on a back-to-back and won't be in a great situation against a stronger team. The Timberwolves were in the Western Conference Finals last season and with the West so open to start the season right now, they will be motivated to get on a run here and start breaking away. The best way to place a bet here is on the Timberwolves to cover the spread in this game.


Timberwolves Bulls Prediction:  Our NBA Pick for Thursday, November 7, 2024 (8:00 pm ET start time) is Timberwolves 124 Bulls 107.
Don't miss our champion handicappers free picks and expert basketball picks today.  And if you enjoyed this Minnesota Timberwolves Chicago Bulls prediction, be sure to drop by every day for our weekly NBA predictions and previews.


NBA Betting Trends


Minnesota Timberwolves: 7-3 ATS as a road favorite of 6.5 to 12 points. 62-47 ATS versus good 3 point shooting teams - making 36% of their attempts or more. 33-24 1H ATS versus teams who average 7 or less steals/game on the season. 26-18 OVER in a road game where the total is 220 to 229.5. 


Chicago Bulls: 1-4 ATS as a home underdog of 6.5 to 12 points. 18-26 1H ATS in a home game where the total is 220 to 229.5. 44-21 OVER in non-conference games. 14-8 OVER against Northwest division opponents. 33-23 OVER versus poor pressure defensive teams - forcing 13 turnovers/game or less.


Key Injuries


Minnesota Timberwolves:  None.


Chicago Bulls:  J. Smith (PF) Day To Day - Knee. P. Williams (PF) Day To Day - Shoulder. J. Giddey (SG) Day To Day - Illness. Z. LaVine (SG) Day To Day - Hip. L. Ball (PG) Out - Wrist.




Notable Quotes


"The best part about Monday was for 48 minutes we saw our defensive personality. We've seen it in glimpses — we haven't seen it in the measure that we needed to see it coming into the season like we saw it all of last year — so it was good to get that edge back, and we were just better. That's gotta be our identity and the guys recognize that. We gotta continue to play that way." - Chris Finch after his team’s win against the Hornets in their game on Monday.




‘‘That’s a job we’re not doing good enough on offense. There are too many times [Vucevic] gets missed, and it’s not so much he needs to shoot it. Him against close-outs usually generates good offense for us. We’ve got to find ways to get it to him a little bit more.’’ - Billy Donovan after his team’s loss against the Jazz in their game on Monday.




Starting Lineups


Minnesota Timberwolves
PG Mike Conley
SG Anthony Edwards
SF Jaden McDaniels
PF Julius Randle
C Rudy Gobert


Chicago Bulls
PG Josh Giddey
SG Coby White
SF Zach LaVine 
PF Patrick Williams
C Nikola Vucevic


Statistical Leaders


Minnesota Timberwolves
PPG: A. Edwards (27.3)
APG: J. Randle (4.7)
Reb/G: R. Gobert (10)


Chicago Bulls
PPG: Z. LaVine (22.7)
APG: J. Giddey (6.3)
Reb/G: N. Vučević (10.9)


Coaches:
Minnesota Timberwolves: Chris Finch (5th season)
Chicago Bulls: Billy Donovan (5th season)





Rod Pearson

About the Author:

Rod Pearson has been a rabid sports fan his entire life.  He grew up in Ontario, and was skilled in both hockey and baseball, and pitched in an elite baseball league for many years.  In 2022, Rod decided to hang up his glove, so that he could write about the sports he loves -- but from a gambling perspective.  Join Rod every day as he breaks down the games to find the best betting value.
Top Sportsbook Offers

Reduced Juice - Save $$$ on Every Bet

Review

Biggest Sportsbook and Best User Experience

Review

Modern Website and Generous Bonuses

Review

Accepts Large Wagers - Best for High Rollers

Review

Earliest to Release Lines

Review
Shop Picks
Shop Subscriptions

Follow us @bigal_com

Instagram
Twitter
HOME
Home
Best Bets
Free Picks
Shop Picks
Shop Subscriptions
Yesterday's Results
LINKS
Awards
FAQ
Articles
Game Previews
ESPN Article on our Database
PICKS
NFL Picks
MLB Picks
NBA / WNBA Picks
NHL Picks
Soccer Picks
NCAAF Picks
NCAAB Picks
BIG AL'S SPORTS PICKS INFO
Call 323-870-7787
Email bigal@bigal.com
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Refund Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility

All photographic images used for editorial content have been licensed from the Associated Press.

© 2025 Al McMordie's BigAl.com. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bigal.com/articles/minnesota-timberwolves-vs-chicago-bulls-prediction-preview-and-odds-11-07-2024 
 ----- 
