Business Live
Business Live
	
	
	
	
 SPORT / SOCCER
Two-goal Morena steers Bafana to fine victory over Zimbabwe
The substitute scored a brace to put his team’s 2026 Fifa World Cup campaign back on track as they go level with Group C leaders Rwanda
11 JUNE 2024 - 21:01
by SAZI HADEBE
Support our award-winning journalism.
The Premium package (digital only) is R30 for the first month and thereafter you pay R129 p/m now ad-free for all subscribers.
Subscribe now
Thapelo Morena, right, celebrates a goal with Bafana teammate Khuliso Mudau in Tuesday's win over Zimbabwe at the Free State Stadium. Picture: BACKPAGEPIX/MUZI NTOMBELA

Substitute Thapelo Morena scored a brace to put Bafana Bafana’s 2026 Fifa World Cup campaign back on track as they beat neighbours Zimbabwe 3-1 to go level on seven points on the top of Group C lead by Rwanda on goal difference. 

A brilliant start by Bafana was spoiled by casual defending which led to Zimbabwe equalising within a minute of Hugo Broos’ side taking the lead inside the first minute of this qualifier played in front of a full crowd. 

Iqraam Rayners was gifted his opener by Zimbabwe defender Munashe Garananga who failed to trap an easy back pass 35 seconds into the match.

Bafana’s celebrations were cut short as Teboho Mokoena and Sphephelo Sithole became spectators as Tawanda Chirewa walked with the ball passed them before planting the equaliser beyond the reach of the diving Bafana goalkeeper Ronwen Williams.

What followed Zimbabwe’s leveller was frustration for Bafana as they missed chance after chance, to go into halftime with the score at 1-1.

Rayners, Aubrey Modiba, Oswin Appollis and Themba Zwane all had good chances to increase Bafana’s lead before halftime but lack of composure and astute goalkeeping by Geoffrey Chitsumba meant the score remained the same until Broos brought on Morena for Elias Mokwana at the restart.

It took Morena 10 minutes to change the scoreline, benefiting from Appollis’ cross, which was fumbled by Chitsumba to give the Mamelodi Sundowns player an easy tap-in much to the jubilation of the home crowd at the Free State Stadium.

Morena completed his brace in the 74th minute when he latched onto a pass and rounded Chitsumba to give Bafana a deserved two-goal cushion, which puts them ahead of Benin who are also on seven points.

Broos had said anything but a win would have been a huge setback for Bafana as he was aiming for four points in two matches against Nigeria and Zimbabwe.

With six matches to go before the end of this qualifying campaign, Broos will be satisfied with what Bafana have achieved, with one match against Benin still to play away from home, as Zimbabwe and Lesotho are hosting their matches in SA because they have no facility approved by Fifa.

BLOW TO NIGERIA’S WORLD CUP CHANCES WITH LOSS TO BENIN
Ghana and Algeria salvage wins and Egypt draw
SPORT6 months ago
QUALIFYING FOR WORLD CUP WILL MARKET BAFANA PLAYERS, SAYS BROOS
Bafana face Zimbabwe on Tuesday after a draw with Nigeria
SPORT6 months ago
BROOS SHRUGS OFF REVENGE AS BAFANA TAKE ON NIGERIA
Coach focuses on preparation for World Cup qualifier after Nigeria knocked Bafana out of Afcon this year
SPORT6 months ago
BROOS RUES SUNDOWNS’ WORKLOAD AS MSIMANGO REPLACES KEKANA
Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos has released key centreback Grant Kekana from his squad for the forthcoming 2026 World Cup qualifiers against Nigeria ...
SPORT6 months ago
Next Article
Support our award-winning journalism.
The Premium package (digital only) is R30 for the first month and thereafter you pay R129 p/m now ad-free for all subscribers.
Subscribe now

Would you like to comment on this article?
Sign up (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

SIGN UP
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

Subscribe now for an ad-free experience.
Support independent journalism.
Subscribe now
MOST READ
1.
David Miller makes strong case for staying in ...
SPORT / CRICKET
2.
FREE TO READ | South Africans love a lesser-known ...
SPORT
3.
Sinner crowns outstanding season with ATP Finals ...
SPORT / OTHER SPORT
4.
Rookie Johnston bags Australian Open as Shin ...
SPORT / OTHER SPORT
5.
Boks set for All Blacks’ garden of Eden
SPORT / RUGBY
Related Articles
Qualifying for World Cup will market Bafana players, says Broos
 SPORT / SOCCER
Hugo Broos counts on Bafana’s mentality in World Cup qualifier
 SPORT / SOCCER
Blow to Nigeria’s World Cup chances with loss to Benin
 SPORT / SOCCER

Published by Arena Holdings and distributed with the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of every month except December and January.

Politics
National
Education
Health
Labour
Media
Science & Environment
World
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Middle East
Sport
Cricket
Other Sport
Rugby
Soccer
Companies
Energy
Financial Services
Healthcare
Industrials
Innovation
Land & Agriculture
Management
Mining
Property
Retail & Consumer
Telecoms & Technology
Trade & Industry
Transport & Tourism
Markets Data
Markets
Markets Data
Business
Legal Notices
Economy
Opinion
Columnists
Editorials
Letters
Read More
About us
Contact us
Subscribe
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Search
Careers and Tenders

© 2024 Arena Holdings. All rights reserved.

Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

© BusinessLIVE MMXXIV  

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.businesslive.co.za/bd/sport/soccer/2024-06-11-two-goal-morena-steers-bafana-to-fine-victory-over-zimbabwe/ 
 ----- 
