SPORT
GAINING GROUND
Bafana beat Zimbabwe before buzzing Bloemfontein crowd to strengthen World Cup hopes
 Oswin Appollis of Bafana Bafana during the 2026 Fifa World Cup Qualifier against Zimbabwe at Free State Stadium in Bloemfontein, South Africa. 11 June 2024. (Photo: Johan Pretorius/Gallo Images)
By Yanga Sibembe
 Follow
12 Jun 2024  3
The three points that Bafana Bafana earned by beating Zimbabwe 3-1 in their World Cup qualification fixture on Tuesday ensures that the team’s destiny remains in its own hands. 
Listen to this article
6 min

There was a time when South Africa soccer supporters knew that when Bafana Bafana were about to embark on a qualification journey for a major tournament, it was imperative to sharpen their arithmetic skills.

However, under Hugo Broos’s tutelage, these mental and mathematical gymnastics appear to be history. South Africa’s senior men’s soccer side beat neighbours Zimbabwe 3-1 in Bloemfontein on Tuesday night to ensure that their bid to qualify for the 2026 Fifa World Cup remains firmly in their hands.

In front of an almost-capacity crowd which had braved a chilly winter evening to grace the 46,000-seater Free State Stadium, Bafana Bafana sprinted into the lead in just 30 seconds of play. Stellenbosch striker Iqraam Rayners pounced on a lapse in concentration by Zimbabwe’s defence to hand his country a dream start.

The dream soon turned into a nightmare though as the visitors counterpunched immediately, with Tawanda Chirewa scoring the Warriors’ equalising goal less than two minutes after South Africa’s opener.

Iterations of Bafana Bafana that were present before the arrival of Belgian coach Broos in 2021 might have crumbled and withered away following this setback. However, under the 72-year-old’s guidance, the South Africans have shown incredible mental fortitude and resilience.

Sphephelo Sithole of Bafana Bafana during the 2026 Fifa World Cup Qualifier match against Zimbabwe at Free State Stadium in Bloemfontein, South Africa. 11 June 2024. (Photo: Johan Pretorius/Gallo Images)

Read more in Daily Maverick: Bafana’s draw against Nigeria was a good springboard for Zimbabwe WC qualification tussle

This attitude was rewarded in the second half as super-sub Thapelo Morena netted a brace to snuff any hopes of Zimbabwe potentially earning their first win in this World Cup qualification campaign.

The two goals also signified a dream homecoming for Morena. The 3o-year-old fullback/winger made his name in the City of Roses playing for the now-defunct Bloemfontein Celtic before moving to Mamelodi Sundowns in 2016.

More importantly, though, the win took South Africa to seven points from four games in Group C. They are second on goal difference, but level with surprise group leaders Rwanda, as well as third-placed Benin.

Thapelo Morena came off the bench to score a brace against Zimbabwe in a crucial Fifa World Cup qualifier. (Photo: Johan Pretorius/Gallo Images)

Nigeria — who would have been many people’s favourites to secure top spot and qualify for a seventh World Cup — currently languish in fifth place, with just four points accumulated so far in the six-team mini-league.

“The team was a little bit shaken by the goal of Zimbabwe. We did not do what he needed to do. We played too much in the centre and we did not use the wings,” Broos told the South African Football Association’s media department.

“In the second half, we corrected some things and we saw a much better South Africa. We had many chances, even in the first half. So, we deserve this victory. It’s an important victory,” he added.

Super spectators 

In recent years Bafana Bafana have struggled to pull spectators into the stadiums they’ve played in. An all-time low came when Broos and his men battled the Democratic Republic of Congo in an international friendly played at Orlando Stadium in September 2023.

During that fixture, less than 5,000 spectators made it to the stadium. Of those that did, the majority were Congolese nationals. It was a moment that left Broos bemused, even though his side had secured a 1-0 win on the day.

Having experienced the passion of Bloemfontein — a city that last hosted a Bafana Bafana match 14 years ago (when they beat France 2-1 in the 2010 World Cup) — Broos was pleasantly surprised.

Khuliso Mudau of South Africa celebrating in front of the crowd at Free State Stadium in Bloemfontein, South Africa. 11 June 2024 (Photo: Johan Pretorius/Gallo Images)

“I’m happy to have played in this stadium, with a fantastic crowd. This is what a crowd can do [to boost a team’s performance]. They were behind the players. Yes, we had difficult moments. But when you have a crowd like this, you go the extra mile,” Broos stated.

“That’s what we saw in the second half. We got confidence [from the crowd] and played better. It was a fantastic evening… In my three years [as Bafana coach] I’ve never had an atmosphere like this one.”

More than 40,000 fans turned out for the 2026 Fifa World Cup Qualifier match between Bafana and Zimbabwe at Free State Stadium in Bloemfontein. on 11 June 2024. (Photo: Johan Pretorius/Gallo Images)

Bafana Bafana will now take an extended hiatus from their World Cup qualification campaign, with their next set of fixtures on this particular journey scheduled for March 2025.

The South Africans are bidding to participate in the global tournament for the first time since hosting it in 2010. With four matches played to date, they have another six to navigate before their fate is determined. DM

 
Daily Maverick needs your support

We're not asking you to pay for every article you read. We're asking you to support us so that we can keep doing what South Africa needs us to do. Without the support of our readers, we won't be able to keep going.

If you really can't afford the price of an extra cup of coffee a week, then know this: we will never force you to pay. We've got your back and one day, you'll have ours.

Support Daily Maverick→

Bafana BafanaHugo BroosSportsThapelo MorenaWorld Cup Qualifier
Comments - Please login in order to comment.

All Comments 3

Tumelo Tumelo
12 June 2024 at 11:21

What a thrilling sight seeing a Bafana Bafana game packed to the rafters, on a freezing Tuesday evening! Hugo Broos has put in the hard work with these chaps in terms of culture within the team- it’s finally paying off. Well done to them.

Bonga Siyothula
12 June 2024 at 13:01

It was heartwarming indeed to witness such a large and lively crowd. They made a lot of people proud with their performances and their ultimate finish at the AFCON earlier this year. Bravely punching above their supposed light weight. Hopefully these are signs that better days still lie ahead yet.

Malcolm McManus
12 June 2024 at 14:22

Probably find most of the crowd were Zimbabwean illegal immigrants cheering on a side they expected to win.

ADVERTISEMENT
Don't want to see this? Remove ads
 
Stay off Biscuit's naughty list this festive season.

This is Biscuit, the Daily Maverick dog. She is here, in all her glory, to ask you to become a Maverick Insider this festive season.

If you appreciate the impact Daily Maverick has on South Africa, support us for only R2.76 a day (R75 a month).

Gift Biscuit a treat, support our work.

JOIN MAVERICK INSIDER 

Already an Insider?
Click here to login

TOP READS THIS HOUR
DM168
The GNU, ‘weakened’ opposition benches and the seventh Parliament
MAVERICK NEWS
Tavern owner arrested for allegedly attempting to bribe police
MAVERICK LIFE
A Year in Pictures: Our Angry Planet
OP-EDS
How scammers exploited South Africa's Social Relief of Distress grant system
MAVERICK NEWS
Nasa spacecraft ‘safe’ after reaching Sun's outer atmostphere in closest ever pass
TOP READS IN SECTION
MAVERICK NEWS
Tavern owner arrested for allegedly attempting to bribe police
MAVERICK NEWS
Nasa spacecraft ‘safe’ after reaching Sun's outer atmostphere in closest ever pass
MAVERICK NEWS
Marion, a sub-Antarctic island, turns green — but at a cost
MAVERICK NEWS
Fisherman rescues teenager from drowning by reeling him in
MAVERICK NEWS
Call for institutional oversight at initiation schools as Eastern Cape death toll passes 25
SPONSORED CONTENT
SPONSORED CONTENT
Standard Bank pioneers real-time payment requests for businesses with launch of PayShap Request for corporates
SPONSORED CONTENT
Popular investment migration programs for South Africans looking to relocate
SPONSORED CONTENT
Reflecting on 2024: taking the fork in the road
SPONSORED CONTENT
Oasis Water introduces South Africa’s first fully recyclable 10L PET refill dispenser bottle
SPONSORED CONTENT
How Christmas decorations are changing lives and saving the future
Investigations
News & Analysis
Features
Newsletters
Community
DM168

Daily Maverick © All rights reserved

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2024-06-12-bafana-beat-zimbabwe-before-buzzing-bloemfontein-crowd-to-strengthen-world-cup-hopes/ 
 ----- 
