	
SOCCER
Broos vows improved display against Zim
Bafana mentor blames fatigue, arduous trip for draw in Nigeria
 11 June 2024 - 06:00 
	
Sihle Ndebele
JOURNALIST
Lyle Foster leads Bafana Bafana players during the 2026 Fifa World Cup qualifiers training session at the Free State Stadium in Bloemfontein on Sunday. South Africa will be facing Zimbabwe at 6pm this evening.
Image: Sydney Mahlangu/BackpagePix

Chalking up the rather disjointed second half of their 1-all draw against Nigeria in Uyo on Friday to fatigue, due to travel complications, confident Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos has promised an improved display against Zimbabwe.

Bafana host Zimbabwe's Warriors at Free State Stadium in the 2026 World Cup qualifier tonight (6pm). Bafana's trip to Nigeria wasn't a smooth one, taking at least 20 hours to finally reach Uyo. 

Their chartered flight was delayed for at least five hours before it took off late on Wednesday. The team was also forced to spend the night in Port Harcourt before proceeding to Uyo on Thursday, as the airport there had already been closed.

“There was a difference between the first half and the second half against Nigeria. In the first half we were, let's say, fresh, and in the second half Nigeria scored very early because we were starting to get tired after a long 20-hour trip,'' Broos said at Free State Stadium yesterday.

Qualifying for WC will market SA players — Broos
Bafana face Zim after draw at Nigeria
SPORT6 months ago

“That will not happen tomorrow [today] because we've had three good nights of resting now...we've been sleeping well. We couldn't sleep in Nigeria and we weren't 100% fresh but the mentality of the team was still good. Against Zimbabwe we will not be in those circumstances...we will be good and fresh."

Going into this Group C clash, Zimbabwe are still reeling from their shock 2-0 defeat to Lesotho at Orlando Stadium on Friday.

Broos has explained why he doesn't think the Warriors are a bad team for losing to less-fancied Lesotho. “Okay, Zimbabwe lost 2-0 against Lesotho but the first goal wasn't a chance but it was a mistake of the goalkeeper. The second one was a nice goal and they had a third chance and that was all...for the rest of the game Zimbabwe were the better team and they are a tough team. It's always difficult for SA to play against Zimbabwe, so it will not be different tomorrow [today],'' Broos explained.

Without detailing, Broos revealed that Percy Tau was not 100% fit for the game. “There are no injuries but maybe a little doubt on Percy but I think there will be no problem,'' Broos noted.

'We want to save Bay's premiership status'
Coach wary of second-placed AmaTuks
SPORT6 months ago
A season where Downs set records, Chiefs flopped and Bucs held on to Cups
Troubled Swallows barely survived, Stellies showed their mettle, while Spurs stayed bottom all season
SPORT6 months ago
Vilakazi rates himself ahead of Mammila in playoffs clash
Mammila was named Baroka interim coach on Monday, replacing Dan Malesela, who was suspended following their 0-1 defeat to the University of Pretoria ...
SPORT6 months ago
Next Article

Would you like to comment on this article?
Register (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

REGISTER
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

LATEST VIDEOS
DBE Minister, Siviwe Gwarube to address commencement of BELA Act recommendations
ANC briefing on full implementation of the BELA bill
by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
"Say Goodbye to Hot Summers with Our Cooling Solutions!"
HVAC Services | Search Ads
Learn More
WATCH | Three suspects accu sed of stabbing Orkney resort owner to appear in court
Three suspects are expected to...
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
Learn More
Man, 28, arrested for statutor y rape of 13-year-old who gave birth on Christmas Day
A 28-year-old man has been arres...
Seniors Are Getting 87¢ ED Pills This Month – And It’s Causing a Stir
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
Gauteng crime warden alleged ly killed by police boyfriend with service pistol
An Eldorado Park police officer w...
SowetanLIVE
© 2024 Arena Holdings (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.
Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our terms & conditions and privacy policy.

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sowetanlive.co.za/sport/soccer/2024-06-11-broos-vows-improved-display-against-zim-/ 
 ----- 
