Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
Aaron Judge hits 3 home runs in a single game — again — to lead Yankees past Diamondbacks
Judge's day provided a bright spot in an otherwise tough season for New York
Ryan Young
Staff writer
Sat, Sep 23, 2023·2 min read
36

Aaron Judge is at it again.

Almost exactly a month after he did it the first time, the New York Yankees star rattled off three home runs Friday in his team's 7-1 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks. Judge is the first Yankees player to ever record multiple three-home-run games in a single season.

Aaron Judge
CF - NYY - #99
9/22/2023 v. ARI
4
H
3
HR
6
RBI
-
BB
0
K

Judge got the night started in the third inning at Yankee Stadium, when he drilled a deep, three-run homer off Diamondbacks starter Brandon Pfaadt. That gave New York an early 3-0 lead.

Then, in the fifth inning, after Estevan Florial hit an RBI double to put the Yankees up 4-0, Judge hit a two-run shot. That put the Yankees up 6-0.

Two innings later, Judge completed the trifecta. He hit a solo shot to right field for his third home run of the night.

It marked Judge’s 35th home run of the season, which is tied for the third-most in the American League. He has played in just 100 games this season due to a lingering toe injury suffered in June.

Aaron Judge is the first Yankees player ever to record multiple three-home-run games in a single season. (AP/Frank Franklin II)

By then, the Diamondbacks were well out of it. The Yankees cruised to the win, their fifth in the past eight games. The win brought them two games above .500. Arizona’s only run of the game came off a Christian Walker solo home run in the ninth inning.

Almost a month ago to the day, Judge pulled off the same feat against the Washington Nationals. He hit three home runs in a single game for the first time in his career and matched his career-high of six RBI in the outing.

While Judge’s performance is undoubtedly impressive, it’s likely not going to matter for the Yankees. They sit 17.5 games back of the Baltimore Orioles in the AL East and are a full seven games back from the final wild-card spot in the American League. With just eight games left on their schedule, the Yankees are virtually assured to miss the playoffs for the first time since 2016.

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
How Jack Sawyer punched Ohio State's ticket to the CFP title game in 83 long, glorious yards

It was fitting that Sawyer, a two-year starter and three-year letterman and one of the faces of Ohio State's fierce defense, was the one who made the play of the game.

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ex-USC QB Miller Moss rips outlet for misrepresenting post-wildfire footage of strangers playing basketball at family's home

"Those are utter strangers."

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL coaching requests, hires: Full list of teams and names being pursued

Feel overwhelmed by the sheer number of NFL interview news? Let Yahoo Sports help.

4d ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck commits to Miami for final season of college football

Beck had entered the 2025 NFL Draft before heading into the transfer portal.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Pelicans suspend Zion Williamson after he was reportedly late to team flight to Philadelphia

Williamson, who recently returned to the court after a 27-game absence, will miss Friday's contest against the 76ers.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL injury tracker, wild-card weekend: 'Business as usual' for Jordan Love, Ravens' Zay Flowers out, Jalen Hurts cleared

Here's everything you need to know injury-wise for wild-card weekend.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
CFP semifinal reactions: Did Notre Dame get LUCKY? and where it ALL went wrong for Penn State | College Football Power Hour

Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz & Adam Breneman react to this Orange Bowl ‘instant classic’ as Notre Dame defeats Penn State 27-24.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Hideki Matsuyama avoids disaster after driver flies out of hands at Sony Open in Hawaii

Matsuyama nearly hit someone with his driver on a tee shot. He proceeded to birdie the hole.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Patrick Surtain II takes over as NFL Defensive Player of the Year betting favorite

Patrick Surtain II is vying to be the seventh cornerback to win DPOY.

9d ago
Yahoo Sports
College football bowl schedule, results ahead of CFP title game

From the IS4S Salute to Veterans Bowl on Dec. 14 to the College Football Playoff National Championship Game on Jan. 20, 82 teams will play in at least one postseason game.

a month ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL MVP odds still favor Josh Allen, but Lamar Jackson is closing the gap

The NFL MVP race might come down to the end of the season.

16d ago
Yahoo Sports
Jets QB Aaron Rodgers says he'll decide 'whether or not I want to play' after the season ends

Rodgers told reporters Wednesday that, unless the Jets release him, he will contemplate his football future once the season is over.

24d ago
Yahoo Sports
Justin Herbert shines as Chargers get impressive win over Patriots to clinch playoff spot

The Chargers will be a wild-card team in the AFC bracket.

14d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: Which players will bring home championships in these playoffs?

The Yahoo team delivers their predictions on which players will help carry you to a fantasy football championship this season.

a month ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL Wild Card Round: Top DFS picks and fades

The wild-card round is here — Scott Pianowski helps you build your daily fantasy lineups.

23h ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/aaron-judge-hits-3-home-runs-in-a-single-game--again--to-lead-yankees-past-diamondbacks-014326298.html 
 ----- 
