Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NBA
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Winners
NBA
NBA implements flopping penalty for 2023-24 season: fans call out LeBron, Embiid, and Harden

The NBA is finally starting to take flopping seriously

This season will be the first where technical fouls will be givenLAPRESSE
TA
21/09/2023 - 23:22 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Lakers president Jeanie Buss makes unexpected pick for NBA's best player
Shaq draws surprising parallel between Deion Sanders and Phil Jackson

The NBA is set to clamp down on flopping this year, introducing new guidelines aimed at enhancing gameplay by penalizing players who attempt to deceive referees into calling a foul. This initiative is the league's latest effort to address unsportsmanlike conduct, following measures to curb non-basketball plays and limit take fouls that disrupt the game's flow.

The competition committee adopted the guidelines in July, enabling referees to issue technical fouls for deceptive actions. This approach is a departure from the anti-flopping program introduced in 2012 by then-commissioner David Stern, which primarily relied on postgame reviews and escalating fines, and saw a decline in enforcement post-2014.

What is considered a flop?

The new guidelines focus on penalizing "secondary, theatrical, and exaggerated movements" (STEM) to distinguish genuine actions from flops. The goal is to eliminate glopping without embarrassing players, according to Monty McCutchen, the NBA's head of referee development and training. STEM movements include excessive flailing and unnecessary actions that might cause injuries. However, natural reactions to contact will not incur penalties.

Examples of potential flops were highlighted, involving players like Marcus Smart, James Harden, Kyle Lowry, Rudy Gobert, Kentavious Caldwell-Pope, and Patrick Beverley.

MORE in MARCA
Taylor Swift...
Marca
Kate Middl...
Marca

Flopping technicals won't contribute to a player's ejection, and coaches won't be able to challenge flop calls. Missed calls can result in retroactive fines starting at $2,000. The league believes immediate penalties, like free throws, will deter flopping, pointing to the success of recent rule changes in reducing transition take fouls.

McCutchen emphasized the objective is not to punish but to eliminate this aspect of the game, aiming for a balanced approach that maintains the integrity of the competition.

Lebron James - English
James Harden - English
Joel Embiid - English
Chris Paul - English
NBANBA fringe player Kai Jones claims he's better than LeBron James and Shaquille O'Neal
Los Angeles LakersDwight Howard's comical phone call to LeBron James for Paris 2024: You need me
Olympic GamesWembanyama confirms he'll be at the Olympics to challenge LeBron James' Dream Team
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
全新BMW X7 M Excel lence限量版
BMW Taiwan 總代理汎德
白內障手術，俞小凡選擇諾貝爾眼科，快速又安全，術後視界好清晰
諾貝爾眼科
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/basketball/nba/2023/09/22/650d157622601daa048b4588.html 
 ----- 
