LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
PAK vs NZ 5th T20I | Pakistan beats New Zealand by 42 runs, avoid series sweep
Pakistan bowled New Zealand out for 92 to win the fifth Twenty20 international by 42 runs and avoided a clean sweep in-the five match series

Updated - January 21, 2024 11:30 am IST - CHRISTCHURCH, New Zealand

AP
READ LATER
PRINT

New Zealand’s players pose with the series trophy after the fifth and final Twenty20 international cricket match between New Zealand and Pakistan at Hagley Oval in Christchurch on January 21, 2024. | Photo Credit: AFP

Pakistan had an unlikely hero as it bowled New Zealand out for 92 to win the fifth Twenty20 international by 42 runs on January 21 and avoid a clean sweep in-the five match series.

The tourist’s total of 134-8 after choosing to bat looked inadequate as it was their lowest of the series after their losing efforts of 180, 173, 179-7 and 158-5 in the four previous matches.

But it proved more than enough on a sub-standard pitch at Hagley and New Zealand only just surpassed its previous lowest total in a T20 international in New Zealand.

Iftikhar Ahmed was the surprise hero for Pakistan. The 33-year-old hadn’t bowled in Pakistan’s last eight Twenty20s, hadn’t taken a wicket since 2022 and had only four wickets in 53 matches before Sunday.

But he thrived on a pitch which gripped and turned as he took 3-11 to play the leading role in New Zealand’s downfall. His previous best was 1-7.

Iftikhar dismissed Tim Seifert (19), Matt Henry (1), Ish Sodhi (1), took a catch to remove Will Young (12) and played a part in the run out of Mark Chapman (1).

“I just read the wicket, it was turning so I just tried to bowl wicket to wicket and that was the key to success,” Iftikhar said through captain Shaheen Afridi who interpreted.

“I was prepared for this game and I thought I might bowl today. I’ve been working very hard on my bowling and today was the result. It’s up to the captain but I’m always available to the team to bowl if necessary.”

Pakistan celebrated its win and the avoidance of an unprecedented 5-0 series loss. But it still has some soul searching to do before the T20 World Cup later this year in the Caribbean and the United States.

Veterans Babar Azam and Mohammad Rizwan remain the strength of Pakistan’s batting and again provided the foundation of the Pakistan innings on Sunday with the 20th half century partnership of their joint careers.

Rizwan scored 184 runs in the series at an average of 46 and Babar 213 runs at 53.34. But Babar looked lost on a slow pitch Sunday and scored only 13 runs from 24 balls.

The 4-1 loss in this series follows Pakistan’s 3-0 loss to Australia in a three-test series prior to its arrival in New Zealand and it has now won only one of its last nine T20 series.

The pitch for Sunday’s match was a used one at Hagley Oval and Saheen’s decision to bat on winning the toss was based on his belief it might stop and turn late in the match.

In fact, it stopped and turned from the first over and batting was extremely difficult for both sides.

Pakistan handed the 20-year-old Haseebullah Khan an international debut and he was out to only the third ball of the match. Babar and Rizwan put on 52 for the second wicket but slowly: Pakistan was 29-1 after the six over power play, 53-2 after 10 overs.

Fakhar Zaman made 33 off 15 balls in an innings that gained stature in context. But after Rizwan was out for 38 there were few other innings of substance.

New Zealand would have begun with a sense of confidence that it wrap up a series sweep. But Rashin Ravindra was out in the second over, Finn Allen made only 22 and at the end of the power play it was 35-2.

Tim Seifert fell for 19, Will Young for 12 and Chapman’s run out left New Zealand 54-4 with 10.1 overs gone. Glenn Phillip became New Zealand’s main hope for a recovery but he managed only 26 from 22 balls before he was out in the 18th over.

Iftikhar quelled any possibility of a late revival.

“The pitch had slowed down a lot but I still felt we bowled quite well,” New Zealand captain Mitch Santner said. “We were pretty happy with the score but we were just outplayed in that second innings.”

Published - January 21, 2024 11:25 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

Twenty20

Most Popular
Gukesh to face two players who helped him lift World Chess Championship in Tata Steel tournament in January
Are former Prime Ministers mandated memorials? | Explained
BJP accuses Kejriwal of using children for his 'cheap, dirty' politics
Tourists express joy over walk on glass bridge
Television actor Dileep Shankar found dead in Thiruvananthapuram hotel
Kerala MLA Uma Thomas’ condition shows improvement, continues on ventilator support
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Former PM Manmohan Singh death reactions LIVE 
PM Modi lays foundation for Ken-Betwa 
BJP leans on allies as 2025 polls beckon 
Judicial officer suspended 
The Hindu advent calendar 2024 
Hindu 2024 flashback 
News 
Live news 
BJP news 
Congress news 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/pak-vs-nz-5th-t20i-pakistan-beats-new-zealand-by-42-runs-avoid-series-sweep/article67761878.ece 
 ----- 
