New Zealand
World
Politics
Pacific
Te Ao Māori
Sport
Business
Country
Local Democracy Reporting
Comment & Analysis
In Depth
Weather
SPORT
21 Jan 2024
Black Caps fail to beat low Pakistan score in fifth T20 match
4:56 pm on 21 January 2024 
Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In

Usama Mir catches out Mitchell Santner during the 5th T20 cricket match, at Hagley Oval, Christchurch Photo: Photosport

The Black Caps have missed the chance to secure a series whitewash against Pakistan after slipping to a 42-run defeat at Hagley Oval in Christchurch.

Pakistan set a target of 135 for New Zealand in their innings.

However, after initially appearing to be on track to beat that, the Black Caps lost several wickets in quick succession to finish on 92 from 17 overs.

Pakistan's 134/8 is the lowest 20-over total any team successfully defended in men's T20s in New Zealand. The previous lowest was 156/6 by Australia in 2021.

It's also only the second time that New Zealand has been bowled for less than 100 in men's T20s on home turf.

The previous time that occurred was in 2010 when they were bowled out for 80, also against Pakistan in Christchurch.

Iftikhar Ahmed was awarded the player of the match honour after taking 3-24.

"I read the wicket and bowled accordingly, wicket was turning so I tried to bowl wicket by wicket," he said.

"Yes it was decided that I will bowl today, Shaheen [Shah Afridi] told me before the game and I was preparing for it. If the captain wants, I am available to bowl as I have done before."

Mohammad Nawaz and Usama Mir both took two wickets apiece.

New Zealand win the series four games to one.

Will Young of the Black Caps during the 5th T20 cricket match. Photo: Photosport

Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In

Copyright © 2024, Radio New Zealand

Subscribe to RNZ's Daily Newsletter
View latest newsletter
NEXT STORY IN SPORT
Silver Ferns suffer heavy defeat at Nations Cup opener in London
SPORT
Marathons are selling out in record time across Australia. What's driving the popularity of endurance events?
Football: New year marks a first for Auckland FC
‘You need to have the will to fight’ - Osaka through to ASB quarter-finals
Get the RNZ app

for ad-free news and current affairs

 
TOP NEWS STORIES
Police officer dies from injuries in Nelson, commissioner confirms
Too many children unsupervised at New Year's - Police
Marathons are selling out in record time across Australia. What's driving the popularity of endurance events?
Five dead in Germany from New Year's fireworks accidents
Merino company says it will probe sheep cruelty claims
Live sport

We have regular online commentary of local and international sport.

SUBSCRIBE
Subscribe to RNZ's Daily Newsletter
View latest newsletter

Sport RSS

Follow RNZ News
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.rnz.co.nz/news/sport/507194/black-caps-fail-to-beat-low-pakistan-score-in-fifth-t20-match 
 ----- 
