SIGN IN

SPORT | FOOTBALL

North Macedonia vs England LIVE! Euro 2024 qualifier result, match stream and latest updates today
The Three Lions look to go out in style as they play for the final time in 2023
0 seconds of 0 secondsVolume 0%
 
MATT VERRI|DOM SMITH
20 NOVEMBER 2023

North Macedonia vs England - LIVE!

England ended the year in frustrating fashion as North Macedonia held them to a 1-1 draw in Skopje. A fast start was expected from England after their low-key display against Malta last week but, although Declan Rice was denied by the woodwork in the early stages, there was little to get excited about in the opening 45 minutes.

Harry Maguire was fortunate to not give away a penalty with a clumsy challenge, before Rico Lewis on debut was on the receiving end of a bizarre VAR decision. He grazed Bojan Miovski's face with a hand as he jumped to head the ball, contact that was deemed enough for a penalty after the referee checked the pitchside monitor. Enis Bardhi's spot-kick was saved by Jordan Pickford, but the North Macedonia captain reacted to slam home the rebound.

Jack Grealish thought he had levelled things up inside two minutes of the restart, after great work from Bukayo Saka, but that was ruled out for offside after another unnecessarily long VAR check. The England equaliser did eventually come, just before the hour mark. Harry Kane had been brought on to replace Ollie Watkins and seconds later he was on the scene, jumping with Jani Atanasov as the North Macedonia midfielder turned the ball into his own net.

North Macedonia vs England latest news

GOAL! Atanasov turns into own net to level match
NO GOAL! Grealish denied by VAR
GOAL! Bardhi scores rebound after penalty save
How to watch: Channel 4

Live updates

20 NOVEMBER 2023
FT: North Macedonia 1-1 England

That'll do it.

England unbeaten in 2023, but it's a frustrating end to the qualifying campaign.

The Three Lions have to settle for a draw, after a scrappy encounter in Skopje.

ACTION IMAGES VIA REUTERS
20 NOVEMBER 2023
North Macedonia 1-1 England

90+4 mins: Don't think this is going to happen for England, struggling to build pressure.

Someone in their crowd has a very decent effort at a full-time whistle... England players not fooled as I was.

20 NOVEMBER 2023
North Macedonia 1-1 England

90+1 mins: Six minutes added on.

Rashford standing over the free-kick. All of 30 yards out, maybe more.

That's well wide... to put it mildly.

20 NOVEMBER 2023
North Macedonia 1-1 England

89 mins: Foden gets a free-kick as he drives through the middle of midfield. England running out of time though.

Surely be a fair bit of added-time...

20 NOVEMBER 2023
North Macedonia 1-1 England

87 mins: Walker gives away a free-kick... yet another questionable decision. Walker has given up complaining.

Ball whipped into the middle, headed just over the bar! Think Pickford had it covered.

20 NOVEMBER 2023
North Macedonia 1-1 England

84 mins: Palmer, Rashford and Phillips are on for England.

Grealish, Saka and Alexander-Arnold are three to make way.

20 NOVEMBER 2023
North Macedonia 1-1 England

82 mins: Maguire might as well stop coming up for these set-pieces.

He's giving away a free-kick every time he jumps, really through no fault of his own. Referee evidently not a fan.

20 NOVEMBER 2023
North Macedonia 1-1 England

79 mins: England corner, Kane does well out wide.

He has, unsurprisingly, made a difference since coming on. The visitors look more dangerous now, though that was a relatively low bar.

Foden whips it in deep, Maguire can't direct the header on the stretch.

20 NOVEMBER 2023
North Macedonia 1-1 England

76 mins: Long spell of possession for England, but not doing much with it.

North Macedonia sitting everyone behind the ball, as you imagine they will do more and more as the final whistle draws nearer.

20 NOVEMBER 2023
Dom Smith in Skopje

I suspect it won’t be long before Marcus Rashford enters the fray here.

He is the only England player out there warming up. England could certainly do with his pace here, as they search for a breakthrough and a winner.

LATEST
OLDER

MORE ABOUT

ENGLAND
NORTH MACEDONIA
EURO 2024
GARETH SOUTHGATE

Comments are currently unavailable

Recommended by
NEWS
SPORT
BUSINESS
LIFESTYLE
CULTURE
GOING OUT
HOMES & PROPERTY
COMMENT
The London Standard
Archive
All Topics
All Authors
Newsletters
Terms of use
Contact Us
Modern Slavery Act
Syndication
Privacy Notice
Privacy Options
Cookie Policy
Code of conduct and complaints
Advertisers
Promotion Rules
Contributors
London Live
The Independent
The Independent US
indy100
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.standard.co.uk/sport/football/north-macedonia-vs-england-live-stream-euro-2024-qualifier-latest-score-result-watch-tv-team-news-b1121592.html 
 ----- 
