UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
MALTA TRANSFERS
FOOTBALL
WATERPOLO
RUGBY UNION
BASKETBALL
MOTORSPORT
MORE SPORTS
CONNECT WITH US
  
SportsDesk
‹ BACK TO TIMES OF MALTA
FOOTBALL
England held by North Macedonia in Euro qualifier

by

 AFP
November 20, 2023
England midfielder Jack Grealish tries to get past North Macedonia defenders. Photo: Robert Atanasovski / AFP

England narrowly avoided an embarrassing defeat against North Macedonia as they wrapped up a place among the top seeds at Euro 2024 with a 1-1 draw in Skopje on Monday.

Gareth Southgate’s side trailed to Enis Bardhi’s first-half strike before Jani Atanasov’s own goal gifted the visitors their second-half equaliser at the Tose Proeski Arena.

Having finished as Group C winners with six victories and two draws, England will be in the first pot of Euro 2024 seeds alongside Germany, Portugal, France, Spain and Belgium.

That should increase their chances of landing a favourable group when the draw for next year’s tournament in Germany is made on December 2.

But whoever England are pitted against, Southgate will know they need a significant improvement on this spluttering display to live up to their billing as one of the favourites to win the Euros.

“I thought that given we had already qualified and everything had been achieved the mentality of the players was excellent,” Southgate insisted.

“The quality on the ball was good on a difficult pitch. Just that final pass or finish was difficult to find.”

Southgate this week challenged fourth-placed England to leapfrog Argentina, France and Brazil to become FIFA’s number one team in the world rankings.

But even beating North Macedonia, 66th in the rankings, proved beyond Southgate’s injury-hit side.

The current international break has appeared an unwanted distraction for England players in the midst of draining Premier League and Champions League campaigns.

Southgate admitted England had been “flat” in their lacklustre 2-0 win over Malta on Friday and once again they were unable to impose themselves on inferior opposition.

The initial signs were promising for England as Declan Rice smashed a fierce drive against the post from 20 yards.

England crushed North Macedonia 7-0 at Old Trafford in June, but it soon became obvious there would be no repeat.

The ineffective Ollie Watkins, deputising for rested England striker Harry Kane, headed wide when he should have hit the target.

England frustration

For all their territorial dominance, England were fortunate not to concede a penalty when Harry Maguire stumbled and clearly shoved Elif Elmas.

Referee Filip Glova waved play on and VAR upheld his decision to North Macedonia’s intense frustration.

If that was a debatable call, North Macedonia’s luck quickly turned as they benefitted from an equally dubious decision in the 41st minute.

When Rico Lewis jumped to head the ball away from Bojan Miovski, the England left-back’s out-stretched arm caught the striker in the head, sending him sprawling in the area.

It looked like accidental contact by Lewis and a theatrical fall from Miovski, yet Glova awarded a penalty after checking the pitchside monitor.

Jordan Pickford dived to his left to save Bardhi’s spot-kick, but the Macedonian alertly pounced on the rebound to fire home from close range.

Faced with an England debut to forget, Manchester City left-back Lewis tried to make amends with a low strike from the edge of the area, but Stole Dimitrievski was equal to the teenager’s effort.

Trent Alexander-Arnold was again playing in a central midfield role rather than the right-back position he occupies for Liverpool.

He nearly equalised with a stinging shot that Dimitrievski tipped over at full-stretch.

As Southgate’s frustration mounted, England thought they had equalised two minutes after half-time.

Jack Grealish bundled in Bukayo Saka’s cross, but the goal was correctly disallowed by VAR for offside against the Manchester City winger.

Against opponents throwing themselves into tackles with abandon, England had to dig deep before finally getting back on level terms in the 59th minute.

Kane had just come off the bench seconds earlier when he challenged for Phil Foden’s corner, forcing Atanasov to divert the ball into his own net.

AFP
RELATED TOPICS
CLICK TO COMMENT
ADVERTISEMENT 
WORLD CUP NEWS
FIFA WORLD CUP
/ 3 weeks ago
FIFA to confirm 2030 World Cup hosts and hand Saudi 2034 tournament
FIFA WORLD CUP
/ 3 weeks ago
A World Cup on three continents sparks climate concerns
FIFA WORLD CUP
/ 4 weeks ago
HRW slams Saudi labour abuses ahead of 2034 World Cup vote
FIFA WORLD CUP
/ 1 month ago
FIFA’s 2022 World Cup legacy fund to donate money to WHO, WTO and UNHCR
 HEADLINES
 TRENDING
ENGLISH FOOTBALL
Premier League chief fears Club World Cup’s impact on Man. City and Chelsea
FOOTBALL
Rangers stun Celtic in rare Old Firm derby win
ENGLISH FOOTBALL
Van Nistelrooy has ‘clear view’ of what Leicester need in January window
ENGLISH FOOTBALL
Jesus hopes his goals can help end Arsenal title drought
TENNIS
Djokovic cruises past Monfils as rising stars impress in Brisbane
OLYMPIC GAMES
Agnes Keleti, world’s oldest Olympic champion, dies at 103
ROWING
Siggiewi Rowing Club acquire Égalité – a boat with a purpose of inclusivity
TENNIS
Andreeva, Mpetshi Perricard showcase Australian Open potential
ADVERTISEMENT 
MORE IN FOOTBALL
Premier League chief fears Club World Cup’s impact on Man. City and Chelsea

Premier League chief executive Richard Masters fears this year’s Club World Cup could create...

Rangers stun Celtic in rare Old Firm derby win

Rangers swept aside Scottish Premiership leaders Celtic as Ianis Hagi’s superb strike inspired a...

Van Nistelrooy has ‘clear view’ of what Leicester need in January window

Leicester manager Ruud van Nistelrooy believes the club’s results in December have given him...

Gomez needs ‘bit of time’ before Brighton debut – Hurzeler

New signing Diego Gomez needs “a little bit of time” before he makes his...

Jesus hopes his goals can help end Arsenal title drought

Gabriel Jesus is determined to keep scoring as Arsenal look to end their more...

Arteta reveals Arsenal hit by virus before vital win at Brentford

Mikel Arteta has revealed Arsenal’s preparations for their 3-1 win at Brentford were hampered...

Arsenal close gap on Liverpool as Jesus stars again

Arsenal closed the gap on Premier League leaders Liverpool to six points as Gabriel...

McGregor wants no let-up as Celtic aim to maintain Old Firm grip

Celtic captain Callum McGregor has insisted his side’s recent domination of the Glasgow derby...

  
Rate Card Football Waterpolo Rugby Union Basketball Motorsport More sports

Copyright © 2020 Times of Malta

360 SPORTS MALTA PREMIER
Watch: Senegalese defender Sane agree terms to join Ħamrun Spartans
360 SPORTS MALTA PREMIER
Watch: Ħamrun Spartans set to complete the signing of Niger international Amoustapha
ENGLISH FOOTBALL
Mice add to Manchester United’s woes – report
360 SPORTS MALTA PREMIER
Floriana to kick off Closing Round against Naxxar Lions, Ħamrun Spartans face Marsaxlokk
SportsDesk asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 143 TCF vendor(s) and 79 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sport.timesofmalta.com/2023/11/20/england-held-by-north-macedonia-in-euro-qualifier/ 
 ----- 
