Toggle navigation
Subscriptions
Log In
TOPICS:
Flood Alert
Connecting Communities
StarExtra
True or Not
SOBA 2024
Sabah & Sarawak
Do You Know
Heatwave
Soccer-England held to scrappy draw in North Macedonia
FOOTBALL

Tuesday, 21 Nov 2023

6:05 AM MYT

Soccer Football - Euro 2024 Qualifier - Group C - North Macedonia v England - Tose Proeski Arena, Skopje, North Macedonia - November 20, 2023 North Macedonia's Enis Bardhi celebrates scoring their first goal Action Images via Reuters/Peter Cziborra TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY

SKOPJE (Reuters) - England suffered a frustrating conclusion to their Euro 2024 qualifying campaign as they were held to a scrappy 1-1 draw by North Macedonia in Group C on Monday.

With qualification long since secured and just a draw needed to seal a top seeding for next year's finals, England trailed to Enis Bardhi's 41st-minute follow-up after his penalty was saved.

Gareth Southgate's group winners hogged possession but lacked fluency and invention against dogged hosts and needed an own goal by Jani Atanasov to get them level on the hour.

Jack Grealish had earlier seen a goal ruled out for offside while teenager Rico Lewis had a debut he will not forget after harshly being penalised for North Macedonia's penalty.

England ended the calendar year unbeaten, if in a rather underwhelming way, topping their group with 20 points from eight games with North Macedonia fourth on eight points.

After a lacklustre victory over Malta on Friday, England would have wanted to lay down a marker with a storming performance in Skopje against a side they beat 7-0 at home.

But they got bogged down and the only real positive was that they will be in the pot of top seeds for the Euro 2024 draw.

STARPICKS
Redefining work and life in the city

SIX CHANGES

Southgate made six changes to the side that started Friday's 2-0 home win over Malta with Ollie Watkins getting a chance to impress in place of the rested Harry Kane but he managed only 11 touches before being substituted as England lacked creativity.

They enjoyed 82% possession in the first half yet trailed at the interval after Lewis, the day before his 19th birthday, was harshly-adjudged to have conceded a penalty.

The Manchester City full back headed away a bouncing ball but inadvertently caught Bojan Miovski in the face, prompting a VAR check which eventually saw Slovakian referee Filip Glova award a spot kick after checking the pitch-side monitor.

Jordan Pickford saved Bardhi's effort but the rebound fell invitingly to Bardhi who made no mistake at the second attempt.

It was tough on Lewis although England were fortunate earlier when Harry Maguire bundled over Elif Elmas in the box after his initial sloppy pass had put his side in trouble.

Declan Rice did thump a shot against the woodwork while Trent Alexander-Arnold drew a great save from home keeper Stole Dimitriev with a dipping effort on the stroke of halftime.

Grealish then thought he had levelled from Bukayo Saka's cross two minutes after the restart but he was ruled offside after a lengthy VAR check.

It took the introduction of captain Kane off the bench to save England with the skipper attacking Phil Foden's cross and the ball going in off Atanasov.

(Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Christian Radnedge and Ken Ferris)

Follow us on our official WhatsApp channel for breaking news alerts and key updates!
   
How useful is this article to you?

100% of our readers find this article useful

Found a mistake in this article?

Report it to us.

Trending in Sport

1

BADMINTON1d ago
Pearly and Thinaah fancy chances of breaking early- round jinx

2

BADMINTON1d ago
Scratch the 60-year itch

3

BADMINTON01 Jan 2025
Zii Jia, Jun Hao drawn to play Chinese shuttlers in early rounds

4

BADMINTON1d ago
Back in his element

5

FOOTBALL3h ago
Soccer-Napoli aim to leave rivals behind in Serie A title race

6

BADMINTON1d ago
Boost for Tang Jie-Ee Wei ahead of Malaysian Open

7

OTHER SPORTS2h ago
Ski jumping-Polish ski jumper Stekala comes out as gay

8

FOOTBALL2h ago
Soccer-Xuan Son double gives Vietnam upper hand in Asean Championship final

9

BADMINTON01 Jan 2025
No time for emotions as Bin Shen focuses on task at hand

10

FOOTBALL1h ago
Soccer-Everton announce test events at new stadium ahead of planned move
Others Also Read
TECHNOLOGY2h ago
Former crypto executive Do Kwon due in US court on criminal fraud charges
STARPLUS31 Dec 2024
INTERACTIVE: Where in Malaysia has it rained the most? The answer may...
TECHNOLOGY2h ago
IBM, GlobalFoundries settle lawsuits over contract, trade secrets
TECHNOLOGY2h ago
SoFi shares fall after KBW downgrade on valuation concerns
TECHNOLOGY3h ago
Apple to pay $95 million to settle Siri privacy lawsuit
STARPICKS
Together We Roar: Honouring connections with fellow ‘Tigers’
THAILAND4h ago
Swedish-Korean man charged after high-speed chase in stolen vehicle
ASEANPLUS NEWS5h ago
River cruise firm gets six-month ban for fireworks despite Seoul request to...
ENTERTAINMENT5h ago
Local composer Lenny Ooi slams Singaporean singer Wang Lei for mocking...
THAILAND5h ago
Senior Thai police officer under scrutiny over training of Chinese volunteers
NATION5h ago
Puspakom submits Ayer Keroh crash report to Miros but says it is 'incomplete'
NATION6h ago
Man who trespassed into mosque was diagnosed with mental illness in 2022
Load More
StarPicks
 
Reinventing affordable luxury living

Mah Sing's award-winning M Vertica delivers eco-friendly, modern homes with exceptional facilities and connectivity.

Read More
Subscriptions
The Star Digital Access
Newsstand
Advertising
Our Rate Card
Classifieds
Company Info
About Us
Job Opportunities
Investor Relations
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Policies
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
    

Copyright © 1995- 2025 Star Media Group Berhad [197101000523 (10894-D)]

Best viewed on Chrome browsers.

Home
For You
Bookmark
Audio
Search
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com.my/sport/football/2023/11/21/soccer-england-held-to-scrappy-draw-in-north-macedonia 
 ----- 
