Skip to main content
England Merchandise
England Tickets
Open navigation
Published 15 November 2023
5 min read
ENGLAND
North Macedonia v England: important match information

Written by:

Richard Weekes

SHARE

All you need to know if you are heading to North Macedonia!

Here’s all the information you need to know for our upcoming UEFA Euro 2024 Qualifier away to North Macedonia, which takes place at 8:45pm local time, on Monday 20 November 2023 at Toše Proeski Arena, Skopje.

 

The England Supporters Travel Club will be in Skopje and contactable via either email to ESTC@thefa.com or by phone via (+44)7790371105 (this number will only be in operation on the day before and the day of the match). If your query is not urgent, we would advise that you email or text us in the first instance.

 

Ticket Collection



Our Ticket Collection Point will be located at the ‘Holiday Inn Skopje’.

You can collect your tickets from us using any form of Photo ID (e.g. Passport, Drivers License, Membership Card)


Opening times

Sunday 19 November: 12pm midday until 7pm
Monday 20 November: 10am until 7:45pm

 


Ticket Information

The Toše Proeski Arena capacity for this fixture is an estimated 32,000. Our total allocation is 2,332 and is broken down as follows:

Category 2: 2,312
Wheelchair/Companion: 10/10
Easy Access/Companion: 10/10*
Price: £9.50

* Included in Category 2 allocation

 


Other Important Information

- Supporters are required to have a form of photo ID on them at all times in Skopje (either Passport or Driver’s License)


- Turnstiles will open 2 hours before kick-off

- City transport is not expected to be included with a match ticket. The stadium is within walking distance from the town centre and served by buses and taxis

- Supporters will only be able to pay for food and drink with cash in the away end. Most establishments in the country are also cash only, and card machines are scarce, so please factor this into your plans

- Phone chargers/battery packs are not allowed inside the stadium

- No bags will be allowed into the stadium and there is no bag drop

- We are expecting a holdback after the match. The maximum hold time is 30 minutes depending on the circumstances. Announcements will be made during the match to advise supporters

- Signage for the female toilet inside the stadium may not be clear. We have asked that the toilet is stewarded to avoid it being used by male supporters

 

 

Respecting FA Staff



We would like to remind members to treat FA staff with respect when collecting your tickets. If any members are abusive or aggressive towards staff, they run the risk of having their tickets revoked and being reported to FA Security.



How to Report an Incident to us whilst you are abroad

The FA continues to work hard to ensure a safe and enjoyable atmosphere for all supporters.

If you witness any xenophobic, racist, homophobic or anti-social behaviour before, during or after the match, you can report it in confidence by emailing ESTC@TheFA.com or by calling or texting us on (+44)7790371105

Please be aware that The FA will always investigate reports of inappropriate behaviour at an England game

For more information regarding fan behaviour, please refer to the ‘Rules of Membership’

 

Representing England

As always, when travelling abroad, we ask that members treat the cities and locals with respect. Any unacceptable behaviour whilst following England may result in:

- Removal from the stadium
- Police involvement and possible criminal proceeding
- Football Banning Order applications in England
- Suspension from the ESTC membership
- Withdrawal of future match tickets



Travel Advice


We would encourage all those travelling to Skopje to regularly review the information posted on the Foreign and Commonwealth Development Office’s website. This includes:*


Passports, Visas and Entry Requirements

Travel advice for Italy and any other country you might be travelling through during your trip

Safety and Security

 

Waiting List


If you do not already have a ticket for the fixture and are interested in attending, please complete the Waiting List Form. We will not accept any requests via email. A member of the ESTC team will contact you if you have been offered a ticket. Any walk-ups to the ticket collection point or similar requests will be rejected by staff.

NOT A MEMBER? FIND OUT MORE?

SHARE

Anti-Slavery
 
Privacy Policy
 
Term of use
 
Contact Us
 
Cookies Settings
  
The Football Association © 2001 - 2025- All Rights Reserved
Cookie Notice
We and our third party partners use cookies on our site to serve personalised content and ads, provide social media features and analyse site traffic. If you click on "Accept All Cookies", you consent to our use of cookies. To change your cookie preferences (including how to disable cookies), click on "Cookie Settings".
COOKIES SETTINGS
ACCEPT ALL COOKIES
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.englandfootball.com/articles/2023/Nov/14/North-Macedonia-v-England-Important-Match-Information 
 ----- 
