Skip to main content
England Merchandise
England Tickets
Open navigation
Published 17 November 2023
5 min read
ENGLAND MEN'S SENIOR TEAM
Report: England 2-0 Malta

Written by:

James Reid

 E. PEPE (8′OG)
 H. KANE (75′)
 F. TOMORI (26′)
 H. KANE (28′)
UEFA EURO 2024 QUALIFYING GROUP C
FRIDAY 17 NOVEMBER, 07:45 PM WEMBLEY STADIUM
2 0
HT: 1 - 0
P. MBONG (23′) 
M. GUILLAUMIER (39′) 
Follow all the action as England take on Malta with our live text updates
18 Nov 2023 3:09
Highlights: England 2-0 Malta

See the best of the action from Wembley as England see off Malta in their final home game of 2023

PREVIEW
LIVE
MATCH REPORT
Phil Foden created the goal which put England 1-0 up in the first half

England earned a 2-0 win against Malta to sign off their final home game of 2023 with a win.

Enrico Pepe’s early own goal was the difference between the sides until late in the second half when Harry Kane sealed all three points.

The victory maintains the Three Lions’ healthy lead at the top of Group C in UEFA Euro 2024 qualifying, having already previously booked their place in Germany next summer, ahead of Tuesday’s final fixture against North Macedonia.

It was Malta who made the brighter start in London, with Teddy Teuma firing just wide of Jordan Pickford’s post inside 30 seconds.

But England soon gained control of the contest and made the breakthrough after eight minutes.

Phil Foden broke in behind the Maltese defence before his cross was turned into his own net by the retreating Pepe.

That early setback did not stymie the visitors’ ambition, however, and Paul Mbong was next to have a sight of goal, but the striker could only fire wide after intercepting a misplaced pass inside the England half.

The Three Lions then thought they had a chance to double their lead from the penalty spot after Kane went down under a challenge from goalkeeper Henry Bonello after the England captain intercepted the stopper’s pass inside the box.

But referee Luis Godinho pointed the other way, with Kane instead booked for simulation.

There were tributes to England legend and World Cup winner Sir Bobby Charlton before kick-off following his death last month

England continued to dominate possession but struggled to find a way through a resolute rearguard action from Malta.

It was not until almost the hour mark that the Three Lions began to create clear-cut chances. Marcus Rashford saw his cross blocked after getting in behind before substitute Bukayo Saka’s shot was deflected behind after a neat one-two with Trent Alexander-Arnold prised open the Malta defence.

Rashford then found space in behind again just a minute later but was crowded out before releasing a shot, and Alexander-Arnold saw a volley easily fielded by Borello.

England continued to knock on the door, Alexander-Arnold saw a free-kick curl over the bar after debutant Cole Palmer was felled on the edge of the box.

Gareth Southgate named a strong starting line-up against Malta

The second goal finally came 15 minutes from time as Kane finished off a flowing move down the right, which saw Kyle Walker, Foden and Saka all combine.

The Three Lions thought they had a third less than a minute later as Declan Rice curled home from outside the box only for a VAR check to chalk the effort off for offside.

Malta continued to threaten on the break but Yannick Yankam could only find the side netting as the time ticked away at Wembley.

But England were able to see out the contest and seal an unbeaten calendar year at home.

Match Line Up
ENGLAND
MALTA

England (4-3-3): 1 Jordan Pickford (Everton), 2 Kieran Trippier (Newcastle United), 3 Fikayo Tomori (AC Milan), 4 Conor Gallagher (Chelsea), 5 Marc Guéhi (Crystal Palace), 6 Harry Maguire (Manchester United), 7 Phil Foden (Manchester City), 8 Jordan Henderson (Al-Ettifaq), 9 Harry Kane (Bayern Munich), 10 Trent Alexander-Arnold (Liverpool), 11 Marcus Rashford (Manchester United)

Substitutes: 12 Kyle Walker (Manchester City) for Gallagher 46, 17 Bukayo Saka (Arsenal) for Tomori 46, 18 Declan Rice (Arsenal) for Henderson 61, 21 Cole Palmer (Chelsea) for Rashford 61

Substitute not used: 13 Sam Johnstone (Crystal Palace), 14 Ezri Konsa (Aston Villa), 15 Jack Grealish (Manchester City), 16 Rico Lewis (Manchester City), 19 Ollie Watkins (Aston Villa), 20 Jarrod Bowen (West Ham United), 22 Aaron Ramsdale (Arsenal), 23 Kalvin Phillips (Manchester City)

Goals: Pepe own goal 8, Harry Kane 75

Yellow Cards: Fikayo Tomori 26, Harry Kane 28

Head coach: Gareth Southgate

Malta (5-3-2): 1 Henry Bonello, 3 Ryan Camenzuli, 4 Steve Borg, 6 Matthew Guillaumier, 7 Joseph Mbong, 9 Paul Mbong, 10 Teddy Teuma, 13 Enrico Pepe, 14 Kemar Reid, 20 Yannick Yankam, 21 Jean Borg

Substitutes:  19 Bjorn Kristensen for Guillaumier 59, 11 Jodi Jones for P Mbong 59, 17 Kyrian Nwoko for Reid 79, 22 Zach Muscat for J Borg 79, 2 Cain Attard for J Mbong 86

Substitute not used: 5 Kurt Shaw, 8 Stephen Pisani, 12 Matthew Grech, 15 Adam Overend, 16 Rashed Al-Tumi, 18 Nikolai Muscat, 23 Ferdinando Apap

Yellow Cards: Paul Mbong 23, Matthew Guillaumier 39

Head coach: Michele Marcolini

Referee: Luis Godinho

FIXTURES & RESULTS
NEWS
SQUAD
STORE
PLAY

SHARE

SHARE

-->
Anti-Slavery
 
Privacy Policy
 
Term of use
 
Contact Us
 
Cookies Settings
  
The Football Association © 2001 - 2025- All Rights Reserved
Cookie Notice
We and our third party partners use cookies on our site to serve personalised content and ads, provide social media features and analyse site traffic. If you click on "Accept All Cookies", you consent to our use of cookies. To change your cookie preferences (including how to disable cookies), click on "Cookie Settings".
COOKIES SETTINGS
ACCEPT ALL COOKIES
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.englandfootball.com/england/mens-senior-team/fixtures-results/2023-24/england-mens-malta-uefa-euro-qualifier-wembley-friday-17-november-2023 
 ----- 
