Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
The one award missing from Miggy's mantle
Share
The one award missing from Miggy's mantle
September 12th, 2023

Jason Beck

@beckjason
Share

0:00

0:34

This story was excerpted from Jason Beck’s Tigers Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

Miguel Cabrera has 12 All-Star selections, seven Silver Slugger awards, four batting titles, back-to-back MVP honors and a Triple Crown on his resume. He has one more chance to add a Roberto Clemente Award to his long list of accomplishments.

It’s not for lack of chances. The annual award recognizes the Major League player who best represents the game through extraordinary character, community involvement, philanthropy and positive contributions on and off the field. Cabrera has been the Tigers’ nominee nine times, but has never won the national award. No Tiger has won it since Hall of Famer Al Kaline in 1973, the first year the honor had been named after Clemente.

While Cabrera has received plenty of personalized retirement gifts from other teams as the Tigers make their way around the league, one common theme is teams donating to the Miguel Cabrera Foundation. Cabrera and his wife Rosangel have been heavily involved in community work over the years since establishing the foundation in 2012, and continue to do so as his playing career winds down. What began as a way to help promote baseball at the youth level through ballfield renovations and equipment donations in Detroit, Miami and Cabrera’s native Venezuela has grown to help families on various levels.

The Cabrera Family Scholarship endowment, established in 2017, awards two renewable scholarships each year to first-generation college students in Michigan and South Florida. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Cabreras donated $250,000 to provide meals for children, technology for students for remote learning, daycare for families and face masks for Detroiters. Miggy also answered the call to become a co-chair for the Protect Michigan Commission to promote vaccinations and help reduce the spread of COVID-19.

Cabrera will be honored for his nomination in a pregame ceremony as part of Miggy Appreciation Weekend on Friday, Sept. 29. Meanwhile, fans can vote for the Roberto Clemente Award winner among the various club nominees here until the end of the season. The winner of the fan vote will receive one vote among those cast by a blue-ribbon panel that includes Clemente’s children as well as representatives from MLB.com, MLB-affiliated networks, the Commissioner’s Office, the National Baseball Hall of Fame and sponsor Capital One.

Related
Skubal, Tigers agree to $10.15M deal to avoid arbitration

January 10th, 2025

Torres renews Tigers' Venezuelan connection

January 7th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Miguel Cabrera's Top 11 moments

April 18th, 2024

'We need his influence': Miggy back at camp as special assistant

March 12th, 2024

Tigers' clubhouse 'a little quieter' without Miggy

February 15th, 2024

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Detroit Tigers
Miguel Cabrera

Senior Reporter Jason Beck has covered the Tigers for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/miguel-cabrera-s-last-chance-to-win-roberto-clemente-award 
 ----- 
