Skip to Content
TICKETS
PREMIUM
SCHEDULE
SCORES
STATS
Palacios shows off improvement at plate against former team
Share
Palacios shows off improvement at plate against former team
September 13th, 2023

Jake Crouse

@JakeCrouseMLB
Share

0:00

0:28

PITTSBURGH -- Joshua Palacios was claimed off waivers by the Nationals on April 15, 2022. He played 29 games with Washington, going 10-for-47 with zero homers. The Nats decided to move on.

It seems like Palacios has moved on fairly well, too.

With the Pirates, Palacios has gotten regular at-bats, and while there is still some polish the organization would like to see added to his game, the value he provides when he’s at his best is obvious, as it was when he got his revenge in the Bucs’ 5-1 win over the Nationals on Tuesday night at PNC Park.

Remember the zero homers in 2022? Well, Palacios actually had no homers across his first 119 plate appearances until he went deep on June 2 vs. the Cardinals. Now, he’s hit eight in his past 188 plate appearances, including a Statcast-projected 410-foot drive into the bullpen in the second inning at PNC Park.

Even his former manager Dave Martinez can see that Palacios is a changed hitter.

"He's a lot quieter hitting, he's not jumping as much, he's getting good pitches to hit and swinging the bat well,” Martinez said. “He's swinging the bat very aggressively. But I noticed that he's more under control a little bit and staying behind the baseball."

Palacios credits his coaches on the Pirates for a lot of his success, as he feels they’ve been able to unlock the right bat path he needs to get baseball airborne.

“I’ve always hit the ball really hard, but I hit it on the ground,” Palacios said. “So [the coaches] were just helping me get the ball in the air the right way, not lifting the ball. Since I’ve been doing that, I’ve been hitting the ball hard just like I was before, but it’s just been going in the air and now it’s getting out of the park.”

Related
How Ferguson could help solve the Bucs' lefty problems

January 11th, 2025

Pirates avoid arb, agree to '25 contracts with four players (source)

January 9th, 2025

Bucs ink lefty reliver Ferguson to 1-year deal

January 10th, 2025

Palacios answers call, steps up with Reynolds out

July 27th, 2024

Palacios bringing positivity to Bucs after injuries, slow start to '24

July 4th, 2024

This offseason, Palacios asked himself: What would LeBron do?

March 7th, 2024

“I think we’ve seen when he gets the barrel of the bat out and gets the ball to pull side in the air, it will go,” manager Derek Shelton said.

The timing of Palacios’ homer was fitting, as moments later, his younger brother, Richie, hit his first of two homers on the night for the Cardinals in their game vs. the Orioles.

Palacios doesn’t qualify to rank among Baseball Savant’s leaderboard for hitting stats, but his 90.7 mph average exit velocity this season -- which would be well above MLB average -- speaks to his ability to punish baseballs.

A stat Palacios is qualified for is arm strength, and he’s in the 88th percentile with an average throw of 91 mph on competitive plays. He did one even better on Tuesday, throwing out former Pirate Ildemaro Vargas from right field to end the seventh inning on a 94.3 mph assist to home.

“Throwing a guy out at the plate, saving a run for my boy right there, that was pretty fun,” Palacios said.

This kind of game is a far cry from the type of games Palacios was playing in to begin the year. He wasn’t in Major League camp with the Pirates, and he started his regular season at Double-A Altoona. He truly had to excel to get to these moments.

“If guys perform, even if they’re not on our roster, then they’re going to have an opportunity to get at-bats,” Shelton said. “He’s done it and deserved them.”

Get the latest from the Pirates

Have the latest news, ticket information, and more from the Pirates and MLB delivered right to your inbox.

Sign up

The grind is nothing new to Palacios. He rode a roller coaster of options through his first two seasons. He went unprotected in the Minor League Rule 5 Draft last offseason, and he made it to the second round before the Pirates took him.

The experience has only made him work harder and prove more.

“Those things, you can’t really control what happens with the front office and callups and all that,” Palacios said. “But you control how you play every day, you control your attitude and you can control getting better.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Pittsburgh Pirates
Josh Palacios

Jake Crouse is a reporter for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Official Info
Help/Contact Us
Accessibility
Job Opportunities
Corporate Partnerships
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/pirates/news/joshua-palacios-shines-in-win-over-nationals 
 ----- 
