Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Utah Jazz
PRESENTED BY:
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS & MEDIA
JAZZ+
Community
Arena
Fans
History
Shop
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS - NOVEMBER 04: John Collins #20 of the Utah Jazz dunks the ball against the Chicago Bulls during the second half at the United Center on November 04, 2024 in Chicago, Illinois. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Michael Reaves/Getty Images)(Michael Reaves)
“That’s how we want the game to feel” | Keyonte George and John Collins Lead Big Offensive Performance for Jazz
Eric Spyropoulos●@EricSpyroNBA
Digital Writer
November 5, 202412:33 PM MST

It’s no secret that the Utah Jazz had struggled on the offensive end of the floor to open the 2024-25 season.

Coming into Monday night’s game against the Chicago Bulls, Utah owned the 30th-ranked offense due to cold shooting and turnover struggles. 

However, it was another story for the Jazz in the Windy City.

A 135-126 victory showcased the team’s potential on the offensive end of the floor, even without key players Lauri Markkanen, Jordan Clarkson, and Taylor Hendricks.

The ball was moving, shots were falling, and everyone got in on the action Monday as the Jazz broke out of their slump in a major way. 

Here are all the season highs Utah set in Monday night’s victory:

135 points 
35 assists 
16 3-pointers
60 points in the paint 

Just as important was the season-low 12 turnovers the Jazz committed, which helped maintain consistent offensive production throughout all four quarters. Utah scored at least 30 points in each frame of Monday’s contest, punctuated by a 40-point closing quarter. 

"That's how we want the game to feel," Jazz head coach Will Hardy added. "The ball was really moving around, they executed really well on the offensive side of the ball. It was a team win, everybody had moments where they stepped up."

From Keyonte George catching fire to the tune of 33 points and nine assists to John Collins anchoring the second unit with highlight-worthy dunks and a 28-point, 13-rebound double-double, the Jazz were in a rhythm from the opening tip. 

Let’s take a closer look at some key moments from Monday’s big win. 

George shined bright 

It would be easy to argue that Monday night represented the best performance of George’s young NBA career. 

Not only did the 20-year-old guard drop 33 points to tie a career-high, he also added nine assists (with only two turnovers) and connected on 50 percent of his attempts from beyond the arc. George was aggressive early and often in Chicago, which ultimately resulted in 13 free-throw attempts, which marked another career high.

George’s first two buckets of the game showcased the value he can bring to the offense as an off-ball scorer, knocking down two catch-and-shoot 3-pointers:

Considering how much George plays alongside other quality scorers like Markkanen, Sexton, and Clarkson, that off-ball shooting is an essential ingredient for Utah’s offense. However, it’s George’s shot creation off the dribble that adds another wrinkle for the Jazz, which was also on display against the Bulls.

George routinely used dribble hand-offs and a few dribbles or shifty moves to create just enough space to get the shot off and hit a dagger pull-up 3-pointer late in the fourth to close out his breakout performance of the season: 

When the jumper is falling, George becomes a dynamic scorer that forces defenses to focus additional attention on. Even with his shot going down Monday night, George’s passing may have been the true highlight of his performance.

The Bulls were routinely sending aggressive help from the weakside to guard the pick-and-roll in hopes of preventing Utah’s big men from getting easy looks around the rim. However, that opened up the corners and the Jazz were able to take advantage. Utah attempted 12 corner threes Monday night, which continued a theme early in the season as the Jazz rank sixth in the league in frequency of corner 3-point attempts.

On two separate occasions, George navigated his way inside the paint, collapsing the defense before ultimately kicking it out to an open corner shooter. The 20-year-old showed good patience and court vision as he regularly read Chicago’s defense and help strategies. 

Although the left-handed, crosscourt pass to Collins in the first quarter was a real highlight, it might have been topped by George’s fourth-quarter dropoff pass to Drew Eubanks. Once again, George was tasked with reading not only the initial pick-and-roll coverage but also the positioning of the weakside defender (in this case Julian Phillips). 

As George hangs in the air, his first look is to the corner, an expected outcome as a result of Chicago’s aggressive help defense throughout the night. However, Phillips doesn’t commit to helping on Eubanks’ roll to the rim, and George dumps it off to Eubanks at the last second for the dunk:

As George continues to break out of a shooting slump, his careful blend of scoring and playmaking has fueled Utah’s offense this season and was on full display Monday night in Chicago.

"We wanted to come out and show that we can compete at a high level, play together, and play the right way," George said postgame. "That’s what everybody saw tonight.”

Collins anchored the second unit 

Not to be outshined Monday, Collins stepped up for a shorthanded Jazz frontcourt to the tune of 28 points, 13 rebounds, and five assists, all of which set or tied his previous season highs. 

A key adjustment for Collins was simply his position on the floor. After playing almost exclusively at the five spot to start this season, the plethora of injuries Utah has suffered led to Collins playing more at the four position next to Eubanks, thus opening him up for opportunities to attack mismatches, whether that’s in the post or by getting active on the offensive glass.

The veteran big man effectively mixed his 3-point shooting (2-of-4) with strong takes to the rim (18 points in the paint), with no bucket being louder than his first-half poster on Coby White:

Another adjustment for Utah’s offense came in the team’s floor spacing, with a shift to have the five man (Kessler or Eubanks) in the dunker spot (the area along the baseline to the side of the key) as opposed to five-out spacing with all players on the perimeter. 

Collins’ playmaking capabilities were on full display against Chicago, starting with a flashy find to Kessler for a dunk after spinning out of traffic. Later in the first half, Collins served as a post-hub, finding Cody Williams on a cut to the basket.

Hardy admitted that it took some time for Utah’s guards to consistently find Collins when he had an advantage against a mismatch to begin the season, but the Jazz were in sync early and often Monday night against the Bulls, with the results speaking for themselves. 

Cuttin’ Cody Williams 

As mentioned earlier, everyone got in on Monday’s action, with rookie Cody Williams quietly putting together a well-rounded effort in the win. 

Williams finished with 11 points, five rebounds, and four assists, with the majority of his buckets coming off of cuts to the basket and aggressive drives. Given Utah’s emphasis on dribble hand-offs and big men touching the ball at the elbows and top of the key, constantly moving around the perimeter and going backdoor can be fruitful for the guards and wings, which Williams showcased against Chicago.

Although his shot hasn’t fallen from the outside to begin his rookie campaign, Williams has thrived around the basket, having shot 77.8 percent from within three feet of the rim this season. In a Jazz offense that prioritizes ball and player movement, Williams has shown glimpses of his ability to take advantage of the floor spacing and constant movement.

Tags
Cody Williams
John Collins
Keyonte George
Utah Jazz
Related Articles
“That’s how we want the game to feel” | Keyonte George and John Collins Lead Big Offensive Performance for Jazz
Final Notes: Utah Jazz 135, Chicago Bulls 126
Utah Jazz Film Study: Walker Kessler’s Resurgence, Lauri Markkanen’s Off-Ball Movement, and More
TICKETS
Salt Lake Summer League
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium Seating
Ticket Offers
Group Tickets
Account Manager
ARENA
Know Before You Go
Jazz FAQ
Delta Center
SEG Privacy Policy
COMMUNITY
Jazz Dancers
Donation Request
Community Ticket Program
Jazz Youth
HISTORY
50 Seasons
All‑Time Players List
Milestones
FRONT OFFICE
Careers
Staff Directory
SHOP
Team Store
Jerseys
Mens
Womens
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/jazz/news/keyonte-george-and-john-collins-lead-big-offensive-performance-for-jazz 
 ----- 
