English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: Australia vs Afghanistan MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain and More

T20 World Cup 2022: Australia vs Afghanistan MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain and More
While Afghanistan is already out of contention, Australia is placed third in the Group 1 standings.

AAKASH SRIVASTAVA
Author

Updated - 03 Nov 2022 03:24 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details:


Date: November 4, 2022
Time: 1:30 PM
Venue: Adelaide Oval, Adelaide
Live ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger 

Preview:


Aaron Finch-led Australia will hope to dominate against Afghanistan as they desperately need that win with a huge margin. Defending champions are cu rrently at the third position in the points table in Group 1 with New Zealand and England at the top two position. Meanwhile, Afghanistan is already out-of-contention but will be hoping to cause some upset and end the ICC tournament on a memorable note.


Weather Report:


  


Pitch Report:


  


Team Analysis:


David Warner will be eager to make some valuable contribution for Australia when it is needed most. His poor results with the bat have been a headache for the side and the team management will expect better performance from the top-order batter. Mitchell Marsh, Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis should make a mandatory entry in the fantasy squad considering the top-form. 

Australian skipper Aaron Finch played a fine innings against Ireland and he can also be added in the squad. Josh Hazlewood, Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc must be part of the fantasy squad, as well.


Probable playing XI: 

David Warner, Aaron Finch (c), Mitchell Marsh, Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Tim David, Matthew Wade (wk), Pat Cummins, Adam Zampa, Mitchell Starc, Josh Hazlewood


Probable playing XI:


Afghanistan:


None of the Afghanistan players have performed well in the ICC tournament but the likes of Rahmanullah Gurbaz, Ibrahim Zadran, and Najibullah Zadran can be added from the top-order. Prolific all-rounder Rashid Khan should make the entry in the fantasy squad. Mujeeb Ur Rahman will lead the pace attack and should be included in the XI.


Probable playing XI:


Rahmanullah Gurbaz (wk), Usman Ghani, Ibrahim Zadran, Gulbadin Naib, Najibullah Zadran, Mohammad Nabi (c), Azmatullah Omarzai, Rashid Khan, Mujeeb Ur Rahman, Fareed Ahmad Malik, Fazalhaq Farooqi


Key players:


  


People's pick:


  


Grand League team

  


Head-to-head-team:

 


Best 14:


Wicketkeepers: Rahmanullah Gurbaz, Mathew Wade
Batters: Mitchell Marsh, Aaron Finch, Najibullah Zardan, Tim David
Allrounders: Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Mohammad Nabi, Azmatullah Omarzai
Bowlers: Rashid Khan, Josh Hazlewood, Mujeeb-ur-Rahman, Mitchell Starc

Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.


LATEST NEWS

05 January 2025

On This Day: India’s first-ever World Cup-winning captain Kapil Dev was born in 1959

05 January 2025

Naomi Osaka retires midway from Auckland Open final due to injury; raises doubt about Australian Open

05 January 2025

Jasprit Bumrah - India’s X factor in BGT 2024-25

05 January 2025

3 Reasons why India lost BGT 2024-25

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/aus-vs-afg-dream11-prediction-australia-vs-afghanistan-fantasy-picks-probable-playing-xis-grand-league-head-to-head-pitch-report-match-overview-aus-vs-afg-t20-world-cup-live-at-130-pm-follow-live-updates-best-fantasy-team 
 ----- 
