Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Anthony Santander’s walk-off homer lifts Orioles to 5-3 win over Giants
1 of 8 |  

Baltimore Orioles’ Jackson Holliday (7) advances toward first base after hitting a single to score two runs during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

2 of 8 |  

Baltimore Orioles’ Adley Rutschman (35) slides into home plate to score in front of San Francisco Giants catcher Patrick Bailey (14) on a hit by Jackson Holliday during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

Read More
3 of 8 |  

Baltimore Orioles’ Adley Rutschman (35) slides into home plate to score ahead of the tag by San Francisco Giants catcher Patrick Bailey (14) during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

4 of 8 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Michael Conforto (8) rounds the bases after hitting a home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

5 of 8 |  

Baltimore Orioles’ Gunnar Henderson celebrates after hitting a single during the first inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

6 of 8 |  

Baltimore Orioles second baseman Jackson Holliday (7) catches a fly ball hit in by San Francisco Giants’ Tyler Fitzgerald for an out in the fourth inning of a baseball game, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

7 of 8 |  

Baltimore Orioles’ Gunnar Henderson, right, steals second base ahead of the throw to San Francisco Giants shortstop Tyler Fitzgerald, left, during the first inning of a baseball game, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

8 of 8 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Michael Conforto (8) runs home after hitting a home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

BY  IAN NICHOLAS QUILLEN
Updated 1:07 AM UTC, September 20, 2024
Share

BALTIMORE (AP) — Anthony Santander hit a game-ending two-run homer with two outs in the ninth inning, his 42nd longball of the season, and the Baltimore Orioles moved closer to a postseason berth with a 5-3 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Thursday.

“That’s a reminder of who we are,” Santander said of an Orioles team that’s nearly assured of a playoff spot but mired in a rough patch. “A close game, and then we stay positive, we stay together.”

Santander’s shot off Ryan Walker (9-4) came after Casey Schmitt tied the game at 3-all with a single off Seranthony Domínguez in the top of the ninth.

The walk-off homer landed a few feet over the front of the grounds crew shed in right-center to end an afternoon that began with Baltimore having lost three in a row and eight of 10. The Orioles (85-68) moved three games ahead of idle Kansas City for the top AL wild card and pulled within four games of the AL East-leading New York Yankees, who lost at Seattle.

“I was like this: ‘Huff, huff, huff, keep going please,’” Santander said while making a blowing gesture. “I hit it good with the barrel, but too high. I was hopeful that that ball kept going. And thankfully it did.”

RELATED STORIES
Baltimore Orioles reach $49.5M, 3-year deal with OF Tyler O'Neill, AP source says
Baltimore Orioles finalize deals with Tyler O'Neill and Gary Sánchez
Former Baltimore Orioles left-hander Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced

The Giants (74-79) were eliminated from playoff contention.

Gregory Soto (3-5) induced a quick double play in relief of Domínguez to keep the game tied.

Adley Rutschman had an RBI double and Jackson Holliday drove in two runs with a two-out single to complete a three-run fourth for Baltimore. Michael Conforto’s 18th home run gave San Francisco a 2-0 lead in the top half.

“It felt like the guys were doing everything they can to win this game today,” said Orioles manager Brandon Hyde, who recorded his 400th career victory. “Not that they haven’t been. But for me, this was a needed win.”

The teams traded zeroes until the ninth, when Dominguez walked the first two batters and Schmitt hit a high-arcing fly ball to right-center.

The diving Austin Slater got his glove to it but couldn’t hold on while colliding with center fielder Cedric Mullins, and pinch-runner Brett Wisely scored from second despite tagging on the play.

“We come back in the ninth and have some good at-bats late in the game like we typically do,” Giants manager Bob Melvin said. “But just fell an at-bat short.”

Mullins received medical attention but remained in the game.

With Gunnar Henderson on first, Santander fell behind 0-2 against Walker but took a ball and fouled off four pitches before connecting on a slider over the middle.

“Don’t really try to do too much,” Santander said. “Just to see the ball deep. And thank God I got a slider in the middle of the plate and I put a good swing on it.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Orioles: LHP Danny Coulombe faced three batters and allowed a hit in his third rehab outing at Triple-A Norfolk on Wednesday. Hyde said the club will make a decision on his status after he goes through pregame activities with Norfolk on Thursday. ... Hyde said he hopes 1B Ryan Mountcastle can begin a rehab assignment with Norfolk sometime this weekend.

UP NEXT

Giants: Rookie RHP Mason Black (0-4, 7.07 ERA) takes his fourth turn since he was recalled from Triple-A Sacramento at the end of August as the Giants play the first of three against the Royals.

Orioles: Ace Corbin Burnes (14-8, 3.06) makes what could be his final regular-season start in Baltimore as the O’s start a three-game set against Detroit to close their home schedule. Burnes will be a free agent this offseason.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Put 2025 In Its Pla...
YETI
:
Advertisement
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Charges against men accused of shooting at Black FedEx driver dismissed
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2 girls
Authorities in Wisconsin say they have captured a man who is charged in the...
AP News
Biden casts doubt on his fitness to serve another four years da...
President Joe Biden is casting doubt on his fitness to serve another four years in a...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As...
Eliminate Glare and Reduce Eye Fatigue.
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing fiduciary...
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
This Handmade Cardin al Wood Carving Is Taking South Carolin...
FANYIL
Advertisement:
Shop Now
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles, Trump doesn't offer much sym...
As the cataclysmic wildfires rage across Los Angeles, President-elect Donald...
AP News
Lawsuit alleges racial and gender discrimination led to an...
The family of a Air Force contractor who was killed when she walked into a rotatin...
AP News
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking South Carolina By...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
3 Simple Steps to Use Cinnamon for Lower Blood Sugar
Longevity Portal
Advertisement:
What ignited the deadly Californ ia wildfires? Investigators cons...
Investigators are considering an array of possible ignition sources for the fires tha...
AP News
Trump wants to change colleges nationwide. GOP-led states...
As President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office, both conservative and...
AP News
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read Now
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Play Now
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/giants-orioles-score-c5a29aa15c86c49c6b17e42880ceb334 
 ----- 
