Skip to content
Subscribe Now
42°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Judge sentences Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment
SPORTSMLBSAN FRANCISCO GIANTSNews
SF Giants officially eliminated from playoff contention on Orioles’ walk-off homer
The loss dropped the SF Giants to 6-9 in September
1 of 8

Baltimore Orioles’ Jackson Holliday (7) advances toward first base after hitting a single to score two runs during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: September 20, 2024 at 4:01 AM PST

By IAN NICHOLAS QUILLEN | Associated Press

BALTIMORE (AP) — Anthony Santander hit a game-ending two-run homer with two outs in the ninth inning, his 42nd longball of the season, and the Baltimore Orioles eliminated the San Francisco Giants from the playoff contention, beating them 5-3 on Thursday.

Santander’s shot off Ryan Walker (9-4) came after Casey Schmitt tied the game at 3-all with a single off Seranthony Domínguez in the top of the ninth.

“Walk’s been great … one pitch ends up costing us the game,” Giants manager Bob Melvin said. “You always feel good when he’s in the game. (But) a good hitter having a great season got a pitch he could handle.”

The Giants missed a big chance to do more damage in the top of the ninth inning after the first two runners reached base. Donovan Walton popped a bunt to the catcher for the first out, then pinch hitter Mark Canha grounded into a double play to end the Giants’ threat.

San Francisco’s offense was stalled by some poor production with men in scoring position as Giants hitters went just 1-for-9 in those situations. Melvin, though, chalked those numbers up to some poor luck.

“We were 1-for-9 with runners in position but we had some really good at-bats. We were a little unlucky as far as some of the key at-bats,” he said, noting Patrick Bailey lined out with two runners aboard to end the sixth, and LaMonte Wade’s bullet to right with two was caught to end the seventh. “We were very scrappy. We just fell an at-bat short.”

The Orioles, who had lost eight of 10, moved three games ahead of idle Kansas City for the top AL wild card and had a chance to gain ground on the AL East-leading New York Yankees, who played at Seattle.

“I was like this: ‘Huff, huff, huff, keep going please,’” Santander said while making a blowing gesture. “I hit it good with the barrel, but too high. I was hopeful that that ball kept going. And thankfully it did.”

The Giants dropped to 6-9 in September.

Michael Conforto’s 18th home run gave San Francisco a 2-0 lead in the top of the fourth, then Adley Rutschman hit an RBI double and Jackson Holliday drove in two with a two-out single to make it 3-2.

The teams traded zeroes until the ninth, when Dominguez walked the first two batters and Schmitt hit a high-arcing fly ball to right-center.

The diving Austin Slater got his glove to it but the former Giant couldn’t hold on while colliding with center fielder Cedric Mullins, and pinch-runner Brett Wisely scored from second despite tagging on the play.

“We come back in the ninth and have some good at-bats late in the game like we typically do,” Melvin said. “But just fell an at-bat short.”

Mullins received medical attention but remained in the game.

With Gunnar Henderson on first, Santander fell behind 0-2 against Walker but took a ball and fouled off four pitches before connecting on a slider over the middle.

Logan Webb went five innings and gave up the three fourth-inning runs. He struck out eight Orioles and allowed four hits.

“We’re up 2-0 in the fourth and I go out there and I give up three,” said Webb. “It’s been kind of a theme for me, unfortunately, and I just have to be better.

“It’s kind of a thing where I felt like I had good stuff but just not getting the job done and I think that’s more important than anything else.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Orioles: LHP Danny Coulombe faced three batters and allowed a hit in his third rehab outing at Triple-A Norfolk on Wednesday. Hyde said the club will make a decision on his status after he goes through pregame activities with Norfolk on Thursday. … Hyde said he hopes 1B Ryan Mountcastle can begin a rehab assignment with Norfolk sometime this weekend.

UP NEXT

Giants: Rookie RHP Mason Black (0-4, 7.07 ERA) takes his fourth turn since he was recalled from Triple-A Sacramento at the end of August as the Giants play the first of three against the Royals.

Orioles: Ace Corbin Burnes (14-8, 3.06) makes what could be his final regular-season start in Baltimore as the O’s start a three-game set against Detroit to close their home schedule. Burnes will be a free agent this offseason.

Originally Published: September 19, 2024 at 4:01 PM PST
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Local Grandma Creates Popular Bra Worn by Women Everywhere!
Libiyi
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
IRS Doesn't Want You to Know of This "Cheat Code"
Birch Gold Group
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy Is Taking North Charleston by Storm!
Rechol
Joint Pain? Doctor Says Do This First Thing Each Morning (Simple)
Instaflex
Revolutionize Your Sight: Smart Zoom Glasses for All
Outfany
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Cher's Son is Probably the Most Handsome Man to Ever Exist
learnitwise
Sneaky Way South Carolina Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Always Place a Ziplock Bag on Your Car Mirror When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Nightly Cure: How Your Bedtime Routine Can Reset Nerve Damage
2025 Neuropathy Guide
Dog Kept on Growling at the Wall Until Dad Notices the Smell and Tears It Down
beachraider
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive | Search Ads
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
North Charleston: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Why Do Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear to My Mam?
Libiyi
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
What Causes Myelodysplasia Might Surprise You. It's Not What You Think
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Top 15 Worst Foods to Eat for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
North Charleston: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
10 Bad Foods You Should Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
Hidden Cause of Tinnitus Discovered (Nothing to Do With Your Ears or Hearing)
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Weird New "Oral Flush" Naturally Restores Teeth & Gums
Provadent
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
Bone on Bone Joints? Try This 15 Second Solution
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
What the Los Angeles fires might mean for the Bay Area home insurance market
Henry Winkler riles up conspiracists with L.A. fire theory
In historic deal, Point Reyes ranchers, National Park Service and environmentalists reach agreement on disputed land
Ben Affleck finds home survived Palisades fire while Billy Crystal and John Goodman mourn their losses
Macy’s, Kohl’s prep Bay Area store closures as retail chains struggle
Fox Corp. will face trial over 2020 election defamation lawsuit
“Extreme fire behavior” expected in Los Angeles as fires rage
Will smoke from the Los Angeles fires head to the Bay Area?
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
Was that the hardest Wordle of the year? Guess again, the bot says
Asking Eric: I’m always in second place to whomever he’s dating

TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
SF Giants agree with Justin Verlander on one-year contract: report
SF Giants’ all-2000s team: From Bonds to Lincecum, who cracks the roster?
What’s next for SF Giants after Burnes signs with Diamondbacks?
2024
September
19
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2024/09/19/anthony-santanders-walk-off-homer-lifts-orioles-to-5-3-win-over-giants/ 
 ----- 
