Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Correa (4 RBIs) steps up, but Twins' Wild Card margin tightens to half-game
Share
Correa (4 RBIs) steps up, but Twins' Wild Card margin tightens to half-game
September 19th, 2024

Do-Hyoung Park

@dohyoungpark
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

CLEVELAND -- Playoff Carlos Correa made an early appearance and brought a sneak peek of his towering October legacy to September on Wednesday night.

It still wasn’t enough.

Correa stepped up to the occasion of a game that might as well have had playoff-like importance and tension for these Twins by driving in all four Minnesota runs, including a clutch, go-ahead, two-run single in the 10th inning -- but the depleted bullpen ran out of gas, with Ronny Henriquez and Michael Tonkin allowing three runs in a 5-4, walk-off loss to the Guardians.

The loss trimmed the Twins’ lead over the Tigers for the AL’s final Wild Card berth down to a half-game, thanks to Detroit finishing a sweep of Kansas City on Wednesday night. Another Twins loss on Thursday would formally eliminate them from contention for the AL Central title.

Complete coverage: Twins’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

“We've just got to put it behind us,” said Bailey Ober, who struck out a career-high 12 batters in seven innings. “I know it's happened a few times now, but we can't dwell on what's going on. We have to move on and get ready and play like tomorrow is our last day.”

But they’ve had to do an awful lot of talking about rinsing and coming back better tomorrow after a string of these bad losses, spanning from the noncompetitive blowouts to the bullpen heartbreaks -- and they’re quickly running out of tomorrows to figure things out before the red-hot Tigers fully close the gap.

Related
Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Twins clear arbitration slate with contracts for all eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Twins announce plans for 2025 Winter Caravan

January 8th, 2025

Twins encouraged by Correa, not motivated to trade

December 10th, 2024

Skenes joins exclusive club of No. 1 picks to win ROY

November 19th, 2024

Twins eye postseason as Correa, other stars return

September 15th, 2024

“The other team fights as well, and they've got a lot of great players over there,” Correa said. “They're going to do everything they can to also come back and you've just got to go out there and forget about this loss. Brand new tomorrow. Try to win tomorrow.”

All the talking about tomorrow serves a team well in a 162-game marathon, but this is now a 10-game sprint, where today is all that matters on any given day. That has translated to some glimpses of promise, of momentum, after some of those previous tough losses -- but they just haven’t fully seizshed it.

Correa did everything he could in a three-hit game, driving in a first-inning run with an RBI fielder's choice, legging out an infield single on his plantar fasciitis-pained right foot for another run in the fifth, then even knocking what could have been a game-winning two-run single with the bases loaded in the 10th inning.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

But the Twins simply had no leverage arms left to hold the lead, even after Ober’s seven-inning start, with Louie Varland used for the eighth, Jhoan Duran used for the ninth, and both Griffin Jax and Cole Sands unavailable due to heavy recent usage.

Pushed into action out of necessity, Henriquez entered for the 10th inning and allowed an RBI single to Kyle Manzardo, walked Andrés Giménez and gave up the game-tying knock to Will Brennan. Tonkin relieved and Brayan Rocchio chopped a grounder over the head of first baseman Carlos Santana to walk off for the win and give the Twins another dose of heartbreak.

“We get to the end of the game and we’re going to be down on some days and not have everybody available in the ‘pen and guys were going to [be] put in different spots,” manager Rocco Baldelli said. “We’ve got Ronny out there. We just weren’t able to hold it.”

Correa and Byron Buxton have shown every bit of why the Twins pushed them back without rehab assignments to join the team for the stretch run, as they’ve very much done their part.

Even outside Correa’s three-hit game that extended his hitting streak to 16 games, matching a career-high and the longest by a Twin this season, he had reached base in four of his seven plate appearances since coming off the IL entering Wednesday following his two-month absence for the plantar fasciitis.

“I feel like I'm in a good spot,” Correa said. “Tomorrow, I've got a DH day and we go from there with the athletic trainers and with the buildup and everything.”

Buxton has also looked great, having hit safely in all four games he has played since his return from a monthlong absence due to hip soreness, including a homer, double and two walks, while seemingly running well.

But with Brock Stewart lost for the season and Justin Topa and Chris Paddack still not ready, this is where the bullpen is at.

Can the Twins’ stars still push the team to October? It’s looking like that’s what it will take.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Minnesota Twins
Carlos Correa

Do-Hyoung Park covers the Twins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

51 minutes ago

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/carlos-correa-has-three-hit-four-rbi-game-in-twins-loss-vs-guardians 
 ----- 
