Skip to content
Subscribe Now
17°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Today's Paper

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Business
Best Reviews
Crime & Public Safety
Education
Government & Politics
Health
National News
Environment
Local
St. Paul
Ramsey County
Anoka County
Washington County
Dakota County
Minnesota
Wisconsin
Sports
Sports
Minnesota Vikings
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Wild
Minnesota Timberwolves
Minnesota Frost
Minnesota Lynx
Minnesota United FC
College Sports
Gophers Football
St. Paul Saints
Gophers Men’s Basketball
High School Sports
Outdoors
Food
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Restaurant news
Restaurant reviews
Restaurant lists
Recipes
Takeout
Things to Do
Things to Do
Books
Movies & TV
Arts
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
Treasure Hunt
Winter Carnival
State Fair
Home & Garden
Events
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Opinion Columnists
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBMINNESOTA TWINS
Joe Ryan ready to take the mound with Twins’ season on the line
Minnesota Twins pitcher Joe Ryan throws against the Los Angeles Angels during the first inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 24, 2023, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Craig Lassig)
By BETSY HELFAND | bhelfand@pioneerpress.com | St. Paul Pioneer Press
UPDATED: October 10, 2023 at 9:57 PM CDT

Joe Ryan was prepared to get the ball for Game 3 of the Wild Card Series in what would have been an elimination game. That game, because of a Twins sweep, never happened.

Ryan, who last pitched on Sept. 29 in Colorado, has had a long layoff since, but the starter is ready to take the ball at 6:07 p.m. Wednesday night for Game 4 of the American League Division Series with the Twins facing elimination. Ryan will be opposed by José Urquidy, Astros manager Dusty Baker announced after Houston’s 9-1 win over the Twins on Tuesday.

“He’ll be motivated,” manager Rocco Baldelli said. “He’ll be ready to perform. I think he’s been waiting for his opportunity to go out there.”

Ryan said he hasn’t faced any hitters since the last game he started — just thrown bullpens — but said he’s ready for what will be the biggest start of his career to date. In fact, having that extra time to rest, he said, could be advantageous after a long season in which he threw a career-high 161 2/3 innings.

“I think just not knowing what I’m going to do has kept my mind pretty focused on just the thought process of pitching every day since then,” Ryan said before Tuesday’s game. “That’s been the thought process. It doesn’t really feel like it’s been that long.”

Though Ryan had said last week that he expected to get the ball for Game 4, he said he found out he would be getting the ball for the pivotal game on Monday. Ryan faced the Astros twice previously this year, giving up four runs in six innings in April and five runs in a four-inning start in May in Houston.

With the Twins needing a victory to force a Game 5 and the Twins’ best arms out of the bullpen well rested, Ryan’s start might not necessarily be a long one if he shows signs of trouble early.

“It will be fun to go out and compete against some guys,” Ryan said. “I guess it makes it easier with familiar faces to have a better plan (of) how to attack them.”

Kirilloff error key

Alex Kirilloff placed the blame firmly on himself for a first inning that went haywire for the Twins on Tuesday afternoon.

With a runner on and one out, Astros left fielder Yordan Alvarez hit a ball towards first base that stayed just fair and bounced just underneath Kirilloff’s outstretched glove. Alvarez ended up on second base as a result and Jose Altuve on third. Altuve would score on a Kyle Tucker RBI single, and Alvarez touched home when José Abreu hit a three-run home run one batter later.

“It’s a play that needs to be made,” Kirilloff said. “It just changes the complexion of the game right away, making that play, a double play ball to get out of the inning. It’s 0-0 and we’re coming up in the bottom of the first. It’s a different game. That’s on me. I take full responsibility for that.”

Lewis back at third

For the first time since Sept. 19 when he strained his left hamstring, Royce Lewis was back out at third base on Tuesday, a move that improved the Twins’ infield defense in multiple ways. Lewis, Baldelli said, is doing “significantly better.”

The rookie is a defensive upgrade at third over Jorge Polanco, who shifted to that position in his absence, and Polanco is an upgrade at second over Edouard Julien, who served as the Twins’ designated hitter on Tuesday.

“I think it would have been fine from day one, but it’s also like a thing that, between the trainers, the doctors and Rocco and staff, they’ve got to sometimes help me from hurting myself,” Lewis said. “So in a way, it was smarter for me to back off. I think it was the best decision.”

RELATED ARTICLES
Twins add former top catching prospect Diego Cartaya in swap of minor leaguers
Twins acquire utility man Mickey Gasper from Boston for Jovani Moran
Shohei Ohtani wins 3rd AP Male Athlete of the Year award, tying Michael Jordan for 1 shy of record
Rickey Henderson, baseball’s flamboyant ‘Man of Steal,’ dies at 65
Max Kepler reportedly reaches deal with Phillies, ending long tenure with Twins

Minnesota Twins Report: Breaking news, weekly updates, and insights about the Minnesota Twins.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Pioneer Press.

Originally Published: October 10, 2023 at 9:07 PM CDT
Around the Web
Doing This Will Make Electricity Companies Angry, but They Can't Stop You
Saving Detector
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
Dog Kept on Growling at the Wall Until Dad Notices the Smell and Tears It Down
beachraider
Want to Help Protect Your Savings? Read This Now
GoldCo
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Council Bluffs: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $150/month - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
This Simple Hydration Hack Will Change Your Daily Routine
Liquid I.V.
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
rankupwards.com
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Might Shock You! (Take a Peek!)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Taking Metformin? Use This Household Food to Lower Blood Sugar
Health-Review24
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Cops Called in Hours After Couple Begins Renovation on Their Old Home
dailysportx
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
MD: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive | Search Ads
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Early Signs of Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria You Might Not Know About
Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria
Bone on Bone Joints? Try This 15 Second Solution
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Neuropathy? Your Nervous System Can Be Restored, Even if You're Over 50
WellnessGaze Neuro
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Surgeon: Toenail Fungus? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Derma
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Park Ranger Evacuates the Iowa Forest When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
15 Worst Breakfast Foods You Should Never Eat
HEALTH NATURAL
Popular Foods You Should Never Eat After 50, Say Dietitians
HEALTH NATURAL
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Fast & Affordable Oil Change Services in Council Bluffs!
Oil Change
Expert Advice: Say No to These 10 Unhealthy Dinner Foods!
HEALTH NATURAL
Three Banks Introduce 12 Per Cent Interest Rates on Savings Accounts
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Healthier Living Tips
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Belly Fat Removal Without Surgery in Council Bluffs! (See the Prices)
Fat Removal
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Top Doctor: How to Regrow Hair (At Home)
WG Hair Restore
Unexpected Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency Unveiled!
Immunodeficiency | Search Ads
The Truth About Heart Health (Watch if You're Over 53)
WellnessGaze Heart
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in Council Bluffs Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Blaine woman sentenced for sexually assaulting youth hockey players at Roseville hotel
Gophers crater in second half of an 80-59 loss to Wisconsin
Today in History: January 11, Theodore Roosevelt makes the Grand Canyon a national monument
Women’s college hockey: Gophers hold on to beat St. Thomas
Burnsville motorist killed, passenger injured in southern Dakota County collision
Gopher men’s hockey downed 5-1 by Ohio State in series opener
Trump can still vote after sentencing, but can’t own a gun and will have to turn over DNA sample
Delta jet to MSP aborts takeoff from snowy Atlanta airport after engine problem
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MINNESOTA TWINS
Twins add former top catching prospect Diego Cartaya in swap of minor leaguers
Twins acquire utility man Mickey Gasper from Boston for Jovani Moran
Shohei Ohtani wins 3rd AP Male Athlete of the Year award, tying Michael Jordan for 1 shy of record
Rickey Henderson, baseball’s flamboyant ‘Man of Steal,’ dies at 65
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Max Kepler reportedly reaches deal with Phillies, ending long tenure with Twins
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Twins choose minor league pitcher in Rule 5 draft
2023
October
10
SUBSCRIBE
Today’s Paper
Obituaries
Comics
Puzzles
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Newsroom Contacts
Pioneer Press Store
Photo reprints
Manage my account
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
HOME
News
Sports
Opinion
Things to Do
MARKETPLACE
Autos
Homes
Jobs
Work With Us
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Special Advertising Sections
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.twincities.com/2023/10/10/joe-ryan-ready-to-take-the-mound-with-twins-season-on-the-line/ 
 ----- 
