MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Years of work behind the scenes led to Edouard Julien’s comfort at second base for Twins
By Dan Hayes
Oct 10, 2023

29

MINNEAPOLIS — Two years ago, nobody in the Minnesota Twins organization knew what to do with Edouard Julien defensively.

The Twins correctly suspected a strong bat that helped him soar through the minor leagues would play at the major-league level. They simply didn’t know where to play Julien, who hit .263/.381/.459 with 16 home runs this season, in the field because of lousy defense.

The Twins wanted to try Julien at second base but figured he’d likelier end up at first base or designated hitter. There also was the thought his shoddy defensive play could prevent him from ever becoming a major leaguer.

But given the opportunity to adapt or die, Julien chose the former and in a matter of months made enough progress this season to where he’s now considered a passable defender.

This isn’t the first time Julien faced a sink-or-swim situation. When he first set foot on the Auburn University campus in summer 2018, Julien, who hails from Quebec City, Quebec, didn’t speak English. He only spoke French and some Spanish.

Faced with the prospect of learning English or never being able to communicate with his teammates and coaches, Julien began to learn. Using the same work ethic that is helping him become a more formidable defender, and after relentless teasing by his Auburn teammates, Julien adapted.

Within months, he not only had a solid grasp of the language but also commanded English enough to be named one of the team’s captains. Later that year, Julien earned a spot on the freshman All-America team. Julien said relying on the life lesson — along with a boatload of defensive repetitions — is a primary reason he’s been able to improve his game and focus on the work.

“My whole life, I’ve been the French guy that nobody thinks he can play baseball,” Julien said. “I wasn’t speaking English. I only speak a little bit of Spanish and French. Nobody else speaks (French). It’s not like I could have friends on certain teams. It was hard. It helped me … just stay strong and keep working on it and don’t mind the outside noise. I think that’s helped me for sure.”

Nobody’s trying to suggest Julien is a Gold Glove candidate. But as the Twins continue the American League Division Series with Game 3 against the Houston Astros on Tuesday, they’re much more optimistic than they were in July.

As recently as earlier this season, Julien’s defense was sloppy enough that Twins manager Rocco Baldelli wouldn’t hesitate to pull him after several plate appearances for better defenders. Julien’s hands, arm, glove actions and footwork were in enough disarray for Baldelli never to trust him with a late lead.

But a concerted, yearslong effort from Julien, Twins infield coach Tony Diaz, Twins bench coach Jayce Tingler, minor-league field coordinator Tucker Frawley and the fielding coach at each minor-league affiliate — along with a heavy dose of trash talk from his current teammates — is making all the difference.

“He’s an all-around better defender today,” Baldelli said. “When he first signed, I think there was a lot of discussion about if he was even going to have a position. He went from that to a stage where he was in grind mode. He was just competing in practice every day to just get better here and there. He’s done a really great job and it comes down to the work he’s put in and the staff’s put in that have taken him to a different level of being a defender. He can go out and do his job now in the big leagues.”

During Monday afternoon’s workout, Julien glided up the middle to field a grounder off the bat of Diaz, grabbed the ball and effortlessly flipped to second base for an out. It’s one of thousands of grounders Julien has taken over the years. The idea is if Julien sees every possible grounder in practice, he’ll be ready for them when it comes to game time.

The fruits of Julien’s labor can be seen everywhere recently.

Whether it’s making a “separator play” for the final out of the Twins’ American League Central clinching win Sept. 22, turning a key double play in Game 2 of the AL Wild Card Series or merely receiving more chances from Baldelli, Julien is impressing his team with the desire to improve.

“Definitely more confidence, more on the aggressive side, but more under control,” Diaz said. “That’s a great combo. The more experience he’s gained at this level, the better he’s gotten. It’s knowing the speed of the batter or runner, which he’s in tune with. The biggest thing for me is he’s more under control but still aggressive.”

Two weeks ago, Julien reunited with his former college teammate, Davis Daniel. The right-handed pitcher and Julien went to breakfast in late September before the opener of a three-game series between the Twins and Los Angeles Angels.

Before facing each other two times in the Twins’ Sept. 22 clincher, Julien and Daniel hadn’t seen each other since they last played together at Auburn in 2019 because Julien returns to Quebec every offseason.

Seeing his old teammate brought back memories of when Julien first stepped on campus for summer school ahead of the 2018 baseball season.

“It was crazy because he didn’t know English, but he was still really personable,” Daniel said. “I feel like a lot of people, if they stepped foot onto a campus where they spoke a language they didn’t know, you would have a tendency to go into a shell and not be friendly, kind of stay to yourself. He was very outgoing, wanted to hang out with all the guys and had no problem making friends despite the lack of communication.”

Because Julien was part of a team, he automatically inherited a group of people who were invested in him and avoided isolation. Teammates loved Julien and wanted to help him out. They did so in a way many groups of competitive males often do — with relentless teasing.

“You hang out with those guys all the time,” Julien said. “You’re with them 24-7. That’s how I learned my English … them chirping at me and making fun of me and everything I said. After a while, you have to get better at it.”

Daniel laughs when he recalls Julien’s trial by fire. Despite the language barrier, Daniel remembers Julien being very loud and outgoing.

“I remember just giving him a lot of s— about it,” Daniel said. “We were joking around with him and kind of forcing him to learn how to communicate with us faster. … At the beginning of the fall, he couldn’t even speak with us, and by the next semester, he was one of the leaders on that team. I think a lot of guys looked up to him.”

Julien’s Twins teammates are operating in a similar manner. Diaz calls their efforts a big part of the team effort to help Julien improve.

One of the primary instigators is veteran infielder Kyle Farmer, who appreciates the big brother/little brother relationship he and Julien share. Farmer realizes the key factor to it all is the relentless work Julien puts in, which the rookie says he gets roasted for often.

Whenever Julien hits the field to take grounders with Diaz and Tingler, Farmer points it out. Farmer also made sure to make note of every time somebody filled in for Julien as a defensive replacement, a role the veteran often handled.

“It’s his work ethic and how hard he’s worked at it, and us giving him a lot of crap about it as well, just kind of wearing him out about how bad his defense is,” Farmer said. “It’s more of a bigger brother kind of thing, picking on a little brother, getting him going and forcing him to get better. He hates coming out of games for defensive replacement. We just wear him down about coming out of the game. Young kid, never seen a kid come out in the seventh inning. I think that struck a fire and I think he got a lot better.”

As much as the teasing can get old, Julien appreciates it. He knows it comes from a place of love. Similar to veterans who helped when he was a younger player they wanted to see succeed, Farmer wants to see Julien improve. He appreciates what Julien is doing for the 2023 Twins and would like to see him stick around the majors for a long time.

Julien knows as much and isn’t about to try to stop his teammates’ teasing.

“I’ve just got to get better at defense if I want to stay here and help the team win,” Julien said. “Every day I get to work out there and they’re kind of making fun of me. ‘Oh, yeah, you go take your groundballs, Eddy. You go take those groundballs.’ It’s guys like that, they’re aware what they’re saying and they’re just being good teammates or good friends. I’m so thankful to have these guys around me.”

Frawley met Julien sometime during his rehab from Tommy John surgery, which the infielder underwent in August 2019, two months after the Twins used an 18th-round pick to draft him out of Auburn. During their early sessions, Frawley noticed Julien was eager to work hard.

He also recognized Julien needed a lot of work.

“There wasn’t a part of his game that was ready to play at a high level in the minor leagues, let alone the big leagues,” Frawley said. “It was arm action, ability to secure the baseball, ability to throw accurately. It was groundballs and popups.”

In his first full minor-league season with the Twins in 2021, Julien played left field and everywhere on the infield but shortstop. He didn’t have a true home, but 39 of his 112 games played were at second base.

After he produced a .914 OPS in 514 plate appearances, the Twins decided to try Julien at one spot and settled on second base. But they weren’t convinced he’d make it.

“If you’re talking about two years ago where we were, you’re looking at a kid if a lot of people had a gun to their head, he was a DH,” Frawley said. “He was a guy we were really pushing to play at second base but said, ‘All right if he falls over to first, that’s going to probably be more realistic.’”

The first efforts came with Frawley and Double-A Wichita manager Ramon Borrego, who has worked with just about every infielder who comes through the organization. When the 2022 regular season ended, the Twins sent Julien to the Arizona Fall League not to get at-bats but to work on his defense. Despite making serious progress with Borrego, Julien didn’t convince anybody and was called out for slow double-play turns during an AFL broadcast.

Part of the organization’s support group, current Twins assistant hitting coach Derek Shomon spent the 2022 season with Julien at Wichita. Several people in the organization call Shomon the “Julien Whisperer” because they’ve spent enough time together.

One of Shomon’s favorite observations about Julien is that because the player still at times struggles to grasp English, Shomon will get confused because Julien poses what he means to be a question in the form of a comment. Nearly every single time, Shomon makes sure to ask Julien what he means.

Though Julien was focused on the work, Shomon knew it would be impossible for the youngster to block out all the criticisms of his defense.

“They’re aware,” Shomon said. “But aware or not, they understand they’ve got to do something. They have to make it actionable. Whether you’re aware or not, you actually have to f—ing do something. That’s the thing. He’s done something and he’s done a lot of good work with Tucker coming up through the minor leagues and he’s put in a ton of f—ing time with Tony since.”

Julien heads to the field to take additional grounders with Diaz every day he’s at the ballpark. Whether doing knee drills or fielding groundballs during batting practice, Julien is always honing his defense. But that’s not all they do. Describing Diaz as more of a mental coach than a technical one, Julien said he receives a video from the veteran Twins coach every night showing him what he did right and wrong.

“I don’t think there’s luck in anything,” Julien said. “If you put in the work every day and people see it, you get better every day and that’s the only thing you can control. Good things will happen. … I put in a lot of time with them.”

Diaz is quick to credit everyone for their part in Julien’s development.

After he was sent to Triple A to start the season, Julien continued to work with Frawley and St. Paul Saints coach Tyler Smarslok. Respecting the relationship between Diaz and Julien, Frawley doesn’t communicate with Julien as often as before. But he occasionally sends text messages encouraging Julien to keep working.

“There are so many fingerprints all over the kid,” Diaz said. “From Tucker to (Smarslok) in Triple A, Borrego. They all did a great job instilling that work ethic and just molding this kid to what he’s become right now. It’s been a collective effort. But at the same time, the desire to be good is there and I can’t be any prouder.”

Julien thinks all the work allows him to play freer and more easily than before. He’s adjusted to the speed of the major-league game and is more familiar with players around the league and how quickly they run.

“I just feel more confident,” Julien said. “There’s certain times in the past I would think about myself and I’d be scared of doing a certain move with my glove and action. Now, it just feels free.”

(Photo: Brace Hemmelgarn / Minnesota Twins / Getty Images)

Dan Hayes is a senior writer for The Athletic covering the Minnesota Twins. Dan joined The Athletic after 5 1/2 years at NBC Sports Chicago and eight years at The North County Times, where he covered the Chicago White Sox, San Diego Padres, four World Series, the NBA Finals, NHL Stanley Cup Final, NASCAR, UFC, Little League World Series, PGA and the NFL. Follow Dan on Twitter @DanHayesMLB

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4947488/2023/10/10/edouard-julien-defense/ 
 ----- 
