MLB
Houston Astros
Astros closer Ryan Pressly dishes on facing former team Twins in MLB Playoffs

Pressly made his MLB debut with the Twins in 2013 before becoming an All-Star closer and World Series champion with the Astros.

By 

Andrew Meyers

Oct 10, 2023 at 5:04 PM ET

As the Houston Astros get set for a very important Game 3 of the ALDS against the Minnesota Twins, closer Ryan Pressly gave some props to the Twins faithful.

Minnesota is expecting a raucous crowd at Target Field for their third home game of this postseason and first in the series. Pressly, the former Twin before becoming a two-time All-Star and World Series champ with the Astros, said he's looking forward to playing in that atmosphere.

“I'm excited to see the stadium packed,” Pressly said, via Brian McTaggart. “It wasn't really packed the whole time when I was here. We weren't very good. But they've got a great team over there. The fans are fantastic up here.”

Related Houston Astros News
Article continues below
Marlins’ Sandy Alcantara-Red Sox trade speculation gets doused in cold water
1d
MLB rumors: Mariners, Tigers loom as potential Nolan Arenado landing spots
1d
MLB rumors: Roki Sasaki predicted to bypass Dodgers for very interesting reason
2d
5 best MLB free agents still available ahead of 2025 season
3d

Pressly made his MLB debut with the Twins in 2013. He collected a 17-16 record with a 3.75 ERA in 281 relief appearances across parts of five seasons, though the Twins only reached the MLB playoffs once during his tenure with the team.

The Astros traded for Pressly before the 2018 trade deadline and turned him into a high-leverage reliever after he spent the majority of his Twins career in middle relief. That move paid off for both parties, as Pressly turned into an All-Star closer and helped the Astros make multiple deep playoff runs as the anchor of a stellar bullpen.

The Twins have home-field advantage after taking Game 2 from the Astros to even the series. Minnesota fans will now be tasked with making Houston's life difficult at Target Field and chances are they'll see Ryan Pressly take the mound in one or both games.

Andrew Meyers is a sports writer covering the Phillies, MLB at-large, and NFL for ClutchPoints. A New Jersey native and Quinnipiac graduate, he is also a play-by-play broadcaster for college sports in the northeast. Andrew previously wrote at The Trentonian.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
MLB rumors: Roki Sasaki predicted to bypass Dodgers for very interesting reason
2 days ago
MLB rumors: Mariners, Tigers loom as potential Nolan Arenado landing spots
1 day ago
MLB rumors: Padres signing Roki Sasaki over Dodgers buzz getting louder
3 days ago
Marlins’ Sandy Alcantara-Red Sox trade speculation gets doused in cold water
1 day ago
MLB rumors: Why Roki Sasaki won’t sign at start of next international signing period
5 days ago
5 best MLB free agents still available ahead of 2025 season
3 days ago
MLB rumors: Cubs, Blue Jays enter Yoan Moncada sweepstakes amid Alex Bregman wait
5 days ago
Ex-Braves, Giants infielder makes retirement decision
2 weeks ago
MLB rumors: Angels, Blue Jays, Tigers listed as Anthony Santander suitors
5 days ago
Ranking the dirtiest players in MLB history
1 week ago
MLB rumors: Roki Sasaki makes clear request to interested teams amid offseason sweepstakes
1 week ago
MLB rumors: Max Scherzer market ‘heating up’ with 4 teams interested
1 week ago
MLB Playoffs
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/astros-news-ryan-pressly-facing-former-team-twins-mlb-playoffs 
 ----- 
