	
	
MENU
Alex Bregman draws Star of David on hat during MLB playoff win


Daniel Shirey/MLB Photos via Getty Imagescolor>

Daniel Shirey/MLB Photos via Getty Images Alex Bregman drew a Star of David on his hat during Game 3 of the Division Series between the Houston Astros and the Minnesota Twins, Oct. 10, 2023.

By JACOB GURVIS | JTA••Thu, Oct 12, 2023
On a night when Dean Kremer became the first Israeli-American to start an MLB playoff game — while his parents’ country was at war, no less — fellow Jewish player Alex Bregman drew a Star of David on his Houston Astros hat for his own Tuesday night playoff game.

Kremer, who holds dual citizenship, did not fare so well in his historic start: the 27-year-old surrendered six earned runs in just 1.2 innings, and his Baltimore Orioles lost 7-1 to the Texas Rangers in a game that ended their once-promising season.

Bregman, who has expressed his own form of Jewish pride in the past and has been involved with Houston’s Jewish community, had more luck on Tuesday.

In the fifth inning of Houston’s American League Division Series matchup against the Minnesota Twins, Bregman slugged a solo home run to extend the Astros’ lead to 5-0. Houston would go on to win 9-1 and take a 2-1 series lead.

Bregman, who is only 29, has already become one of the more decorated postseason hitters in MLB history. The two-time World Series champion is seventh all-time in career postseason runs scored (57) and runs batted in (49), and he is ninth in walks (47). Last season, he broke the all-time records for most playoff home runs and RBIs by a third baseman in the playoffs.

Prior to his game, Kremer had said Israel would be “in the back of my head.” He is fluent in Hebrew and spends time each year in Israel, where much of his extended family lives. He has also played for Team Israel numerous times, including in the 2023 World Baseball Classic.

On Tuesday night, Kremer wore a star of David necklace on the mound, as he usually does when he pitches. He had said he received support from his manager and teammates.

Fellow Orioles pitcher Kyle Gibson reiterated that support following Tuesday’s loss.

“I don’t know that anybody in this game has ever dealt with what he had to deal with today,” Gibson said. “I feel for him. He’s got so much on his mind right now. I’m super proud of him. What he did today, like I said — you find me another example of somebody who went through what he’s gone through the last five days and gone through it the way he did. I’m really proud of him.”

During the Fox Sports broadcast of the Orioles game, the network shared that Fox Corporation, its parent company, would be donating $1 million to an emergency Israel fund set up by UJA-Federation of New York, the New York area’s Jewish federation. The broadcast shared a link for viewers to donate as well.

Bregman followed in the footsteps of players such as Julian Edelman and Deni Avdija, who have also sported Jewish symbols on their uniforms after crises affecting Jews around the world.

In 2018, Edelman, then a member of the NFL’s New England Patriots, wore a Jewish star and Hebrew words on his cleats as a tribute to victims of the Pittsburgh synagogue shooting. And in May 2022, Avdija, an Israeli member of the NBA’s Washington Wizards, drew Stars of David on his sneakers as violence raged in his home country.
TOP STORIES
Chabad welcomes new Siyum Sefer Torah
List of hostages circulated as pressure mounts for ceasefire deal
Stan Shniderson and friends deliver successful musical program at Seven Acres
Better Together Singles over 50 enjoy outdoors
35th annual Children’s Scholarship Ball celebrates “It’s a Small World at the J,” honoring Dana and Kenneth Katz
‘Judaism Through the Arts’ program open to the community
Unistream brings hope and innovation to Houston: Empowering Teens for Israel’s future
‘Latkes on the Lawn’ wraps up Chanukah, welcomes New Year
Chabad of Cypress & Northwest Houston celebrate Chanukah
Get your run in before kickoff: Friendship Circle set to host Friendship 5K on Super Bowl Sunday
Katy pizza restaurant hosts Chanukah party benefiting HMH
Jewish community springs into action as devastating Los Angeles-area fires widen
Pasadena synagogue burns down as fires rage across Southern California
3 Israelis killed in West Bank terror attack
‘Chanukah on Ice’ brings energy, supports cancer patients
Chanukah lights up Houston City Hall following festive Menorah Car Parade
Miracles abound at The Shul of Bellaire’s Chanukah Festival


SPECIAL SECTION
JHV COLUMNISTS


Read the JHV's full
e-edition right now














© Copyright  Jewish Herald-Voice.  All rights reserved.






 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://jhvonline.com/alex-bregman-draws-star-of-david-on-hat-during-mlb-playoff-win-p32535-256.htm 
 ----- 
