Skip to main content
Blazer's Edge homepage
a Portland Trail Blazers community
Follow Blazer's Edge online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Blazer's Edge main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

FROM PRESS ROW
Banton Leads Bench Boost in Blazers Win Over Hawks

The legend of D.B. Hooper grows...

By Conor Bergin  Nov 18, 2024, 1:49am PST  171 Comments / 171 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options

Portland Trail Blazers reserve guard Dalano Banton clapped it up hard to the bench when he subbed out with 9:38 remaining in the fourth quarter of Sunday’s matinee with the Atlanta Hawks.

Banton had just played a big role in a third-quarter crew that flipped the game on its head with a massive run, and he was showing some emotion. The fourth-year guard’s contributions during that pivotal stretch were part of an impressive box score: 23 points, four assists and four rebounds while shooting 9-19 from the field and 4-8 on 3s. The performance helped set the stage for a gritty 114-110 home win, Portland’s third victory in a row.

“Dalano comes into the games and he always has the same mindset: He’s coming to make a difference,” Portland head coach Chauncey Billups told reporters after the win. “We needed his playmaking. We needed somebody that could get to the basket and make a play.”

“The way the game ends up being played is different every night, but I think the mentality going into the game stays the same,” Banton, 25, added at the postgame podium. “They want me to be aggressive, they want me to run lanes, change the tempo of the game and play fast.”

Portland guard Shaedon Sharpe played hero Sunday with his second straight 30-point game and huge buckets down the stretch, but the Blazers don’t win that game without the energy and scoring punch from Banton. He didn’t play perfect, but Banton’s 23 points were the second most on the team and his overall play marked another example of his value this season.

The lanky, 6-foot-8 guard has always been a slithery, euro-stepping bucket-getter who can penetrate the paint practically at will. He showed that quality last season as he led the Blazers tank patrol in the latter half of the season and averaged almost 17 points per game. Still, concerns followed his game: Can he up his efficiency? Can he shoot better from 3? Can he still make an impact when Portland is closer to full strength and not allowing him to dominate the ball?

The sample size is small at this point in the season, but Banton is trending upward in regards to those questions, while improving his defensive prowess. Through 12 appearances, he’s shooting 47.8% from the field and 43.8% on 32 3-point attempts — dramatic increases from last season’s marks of 40.4% and 29.6%, respectively. This improvement is coming from the same player who shot a record-breaking 0-15 from deep in Portland’s finale last season.

“I’m definitely very confident [in my 3-point shot] ... I’m happy with it [this season], but even if I were to miss, I would keep shooting because I’ve been 0-15 before, not to bring that up,” Banton said while cracking a smile at Saturday’s practice. “As you guys can see, I’m not one to look myself off.”

At the start of the season, Banton wasn’t even in the rotation. During Portland’s out-of-nowhere three-game win streak, he’s averaging 16 points and almost five assists per game as his playing time has shot up with Anfernee Simons out of the lineup.

After Banton played a season-high 26 minutes Sunday, one reporter even asked Billups if he planned to insert Banton into the starting lineup moving forward. Billups said he likes him in that bench role.

“Dalano is certainly capable of that,” Billups said. “If I put him in the starting lineup, I would feel perfectly fine, but I think I got him in the perfect spot.”

Banton’s aggression and flow-changing style came in handy off the bench Sunday as Portland got off to a sleepy start against the Hawks. Portland trailed by as many as 16 in the first quarter. Banton responded with 15 first-half points to help keep Portland’s head above water and make it just an eight-point deficit at halftime.

“We knew that team was going to really pressure the heck out of us,” Billups said. “ ... I thought it impacted us early, it really did. And then Dalano came in and calmed the waters for us, along with the rest of that group.”

The Blazers trailed 76-66 when Banton checked in with 6:58 left in the third quarter. As he clapped it up on his way back to the bench early in the fourth quarter, the Blazers led 99-88. Over the course of that shift, Portland — a team that has struggled with third quarters all season — unleashed a 33-12 run that was initiated by a 17-0 run.

Portland’s entire bench played a part in the momentum shift. Robert Williams III played lights out again with 14 points and eight rebounds on 6-6 shooting. Deni Avdija pushed the pace, adding 12 points, eight rebounds and four assists. Even second-year forwards Kris Murray and Rayan Rupert impacted the game in limited minutes. It all added up to a 58-25 advantage in bench points for Portland. Banton was quick to praise the rest of the second unit in his postgame interview, saying “we’ve got dogs on our bench.”

“When you’ve got guys like Rob or Deni, coming in with you, it takes a lot of pressure off everyone else,” Banton said. “We got to run the floor, we got to keep the floor very open and we all got to play with pace.”

For his part, Banton scored or assisted on 10 of those third-quarter points. The production included a tough, double-clutch 3-pointer that he buried at the shot-clock buzzer with 4:41 left in the third. That shot gave Portland its first lead of the night at 77-76 and had the Moda Center sounding like a mad house for the third game this week.

“Even when I’m not playing, while I was here earlier in the season, I never lose confidence in what I can do,” Banton said. “ ... You’re not here for fun, you’re not here to chill. It’s not that, it’ll never be that. When your number is called, you gotta make the most of it, and you gotta make it happen.”

MORE FROM BLAZER'S EDGE
Blazers vs. Mavericks Preview
Blazers Pluck Pelicans in Rout of the Season
Blazers Humiliate Pelicans, 119-100
Gameday Thread: Blazers vs. Pelicans (Second Half)
Chat: Clingan Out, Avdija in for Blazers vs. Pelicans
Joe Cronin First and Third on “Not Executive of the Year” List
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.blazersedge.com/2024/11/18/24299299/dalano-banton-portland-trail-blazers-atlanta-hawks-nba-scores-recaps-chauncey-billups-shaedon-sharpe 
 ----- 
