Skip to content
Share
NEWS
SPORT
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS & FINANCE
VIDEO
WIN
Lungi Ngidi fields during match one of the 2023 T20 International Series game between South Africa and Australia at Kingsmead in Durban, South Africa on 30 August 2023 Photo: Howard Cleland/BackpagePix
BREAKING RESULT: Rusty Proteas get a battering in Durban

A rusty looking Proteas outfit took a battering from Australia in their first T20I in Durban by 111 runs.

By James Richardson
30-08-23 21:44
in Proteas

A rusty-looking Proteas outfit took a battering from Australia in their first T20I in Durban by 111 runs.

South Africa won the toss and elected to field first, but despite getting among the wickets early, they could not slow the Australian charge led by skipper Mitch Marsh.

PROTEAS GET BATTERED IN DURBAN

Marsh ended on 92 not out and shared a match-turning 97-run partnership with Tim David, who contributed 64 to the cause.

ALSO READ: Proteas bag R56 million sponsorship deal for World Cup

Lizaad Williams was the pick of the Proteas bowlers with figures of 3 for 44 from his four overs.

Australia’s 226 for 6 was the highest-ever total scored at Kingsmead in a T20, but it was a score struck on one of the better pitches that have ever been rolled out for a match in Durban.

ALSO READ: ‘Baby AB’ excited to make Proteas debut

In response, the Proteas never really got going despite Reeza Hendricks stroking fifty up top.

Tristan Stubbs is stumped for a duck during match one of the 2023 T20 International Series game between South Africa and Australia at Kingsmead in Durban, South Africa, on 30 August 2023. Photo: Howard Cleland/BackpagePix

Australian debutant Tanveer Sangha also got stuck into the hosts with a four-wicket haul to mark his introduction to international cricket.

ALSO READ: Proteas to face Afghanistan and New Zealand in warm-ups

A young Proteas middle order folded under pressure to expose the long tail, and a huge defeat followed.

It has been a long off-season for the Proteas, but skipper Aiden Markam claimed that was no excuse.

ALSO READ: CSA reveal key developments for women’s cricket

“The wicket played really well, and there was a bit of rust in every discipline,” Markam said. 

“That’s no excuse for me and opportunities for new guys. It felt and looked a bit rusty, and we have to come back strong on Friday. We want to be competitive and win games for the country.”

ALSO READ: South Africa to send below strength Test team to New Zealand

TEAMS

South Africa: 1 Temba Bavuma, 2 Reeza Hendricks, 3 Rassie van der Dussen, 4 Aiden Markram (capt), 5 Dewald Brevis, 6 Tristan Stubbs (wk), 7 Marco Jansen, 8 Gerald Coetzee, 9 Lungi Ngidi, 10 Lizaad Williams, 11 Tabraiz Shamsi

Australia: 1 Matthew Short, 2 Travis Head, 3 Mitchell Marsh (capt), 4 Josh Inglis (wk), 5 Marcus Stoinis, 6 Tim David, 7 Aaron Hardie, 8 Sean Abbott, 9 Nathan Ellis, 10 Tanveer Sangha, 11 Spencer Johnson.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE ARTICLES WRITTEN BY JAMES RICHARDSON

Graduating soon? Join our graduate program for women in journalism here

Tags:
Featured
Important
South Africa
Post navigation
ADVERTISEMENT

TheSouthAfrican.com is all about South Africa and the stories that affect South Africans, wherever they are in the world.

We're independent.
No agenda.
No bias.

Follow us
About us
Newsletters
Terms, Conditions, Privacy & GDPR
Contact Us
Women in Journalism

Our offices are for administrative purposes only, no visitors will be accepted without an appointment.

South Africa – Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd - Registration Number: 2005/028472/07 - Address: Regus Business Centre, 1st Floor, Block B, North Park, Black River Park, 2 Fir Street, Observatory, Cape Town, 7925, South Africa

Copyright Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thesouthafrican.com/sport/cricket/proteas/rusty-proteas-battering-durban-breaking-30-august-2023/ 
 ----- 
