Indian Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Indian Football
ISL 2023-24
India vs Qatar
I-League 2020-21
Indian National Football team
Indian Women's Football Team
More
Indian Football
FIFA World Cup Qualifiers 2026
FIFA World Cup Asian Qualifiers Second Round Group A Points Table: Updated Standings after India vs Afghanistan match
FIFA World Cup Asian Qualifiers Second Round Group A Points Table: Updated Standings after India vs Afghanistan match
By
Farzan Mohamed
Modified Mar 26, 2024 22:51 IST 
Follow Us
Discuss
FIFA World Cup Asian Qualifiers Second Round Group A Points Table (Image Credits: Google)

India have retained the second position in the FIFA World Cup Asian Qualifiers Second Round Group A points table despite a 1-2 loss against Afghanistan on Tuesday, March 26.

India have four points from four matches, including one win and a draw each, and a couple of losses thus far in the competition. The Men in Blue have a goal difference of -3, having scored two goals and conceded five.

The Indian Football Team started their campaign with a win over Kuwait before succumbing to a defeat against Qatar in their second outing. They drew and lost their away and home fixture, respectively, against Afghanistan.

Trending

Qatar are placed atop the Group A standings with three wins from as many matches. They have bagged nine points and a goal difference of 13, having scored 14 goals and conceded one.

They defeated Afghanistan 8-1 in their opening encounter and followed it up with a 3-0 victory over India. The FIFA World Cup 2022 hosts won their third match against Kuwait 3-0.

Afghanistan are third in the standings with four points from as many encounters, having won, drawn one, and lost four matches in the tournament. They have a goal difference of -10, having scored three goals and conceded 13.

They registered their only win against India in Guwahati on March 26 and played out a 0-0 draw with the Men in Blue in Saudi Arabia last week. Afghanistan lost one match each against Qatar and Kuwait.

Kuwait are languishing at the bottom of the standings with three points from three matches, having won one match and lost a couple of games. They have a goal difference of zero, having scored and conceded four goals each.

Afghanistan beat India 2-1 in Guwahati

India lost to Afghanistan 1-2 at home in Guwahati on Tuesday, March 26. Sunil Chhetri, playing his 150th match for the Blue Tigers, converted a penalty corner in the 38th minute to hand the Men in Blue a 1-0 lead in the match.

Rahmat Akbari scored a goal in the 70th minute, while Sharif Mukhammad converted a penalty corner in the 88th minute to win it 2-1 for Afghanistan.

Quick Links

FIFA World Cup Qualifiers 2026 Indian National Football team Afghanistan Football Sunil Chhetri Gurpreet Singh Sandhu
Edited by Ankush Das
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/indian-football/news-fifa-world-cup-asian-qualifiers-second-round-group-a-points-table-updated-standings-india-vs-afghanistan-match 
 ----- 
