Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
LIVE UPDATES
Trump, Obama have friendly chat at Jimmy Carter funeral; grandson gives eulogy
MLB
What made Brandon Nimmo’s clutch home run all the more stunning for Mets
By Mark W. Sanchez
Published Oct. 1, 2024, 9:37 a.m. ET
15

ATLANTA — Brandon Nimmo runs. Always. Famously. His hustling has become an identifiable quirk, just about the only player in baseball who charges to first base after a walk.

Which made Monday’s top of the eighth inning of the opener all the more stunning. The swing was powerful, but so was the admiration.

Nimmo, one of the club’s leaders and one of the more throwback players in the game, helped power the Mets into the postseason — with some help in the ninth inning, as it turned out — and powered his dugout into delirium with a two-run home run in the 8-7, playoff-clinching win over the Braves at Truist Park in the first game of the regular-season-ending doubleheader.

3
Brandon Nimmo launches a home run against the Braves on Sept. 30, 2024.
Charles Wenzelberg/New York Post

What will be remembered most will be Francisco Lindor’s go-ahead, two-run homer. Edwin Diaz’s eighth-inning implosion, between-inning plea to manager Carlos Mendoza and ninth-inning survival will be memorable. But the Mets would not have escaped and punched their ticket without the last blow of the top of the eighth, during which Nimmo transformed.

After seven silent innings against Spencer Schwellenbach, the Mets finally awoke. Tyrone Taylor’s double knocked the Braves starter from the game and began a stretch of five consecutive hits. Francisco Alvarez’s double provided the first Mets run. Lindor’s single scored another. Jose Iglesias’ hit tied the game at 3-3 before Mark Vientos’ sacrifice fly gave the Mets their first lead of the game.

Nimmo then provided a cushion that would prove necessary.

3
Brandon Nimmo celebrates with Mets teammates.
Charles Wenzelberg/New York Post

The fourth pitch he saw from Raisel Iglesias was a middle-of-the-plate fastball that Nimmo was waiting for. He turned on it and watched it go. He dropped his bat. He took nine steps, walking his way to first base while gazing at the trajectory of a 405-foot bomb that reached the Chop House in right field.

“It’s a huge moment,” Nimmo said with a smile after the Mets and Braves split the doubleheader and both teams launched champagne-spraying celebrations. “I knew it when I hit it. I knew it was gone. No disrespect to Iglesias. Just a huge moment.”

3
Brandon Nimmo after the Mets held off the Braves in the opener to clinch a playoff spot.
Charles Wenzelberg/New York Post

Those nine steps included a glance at a dugout whose roof had been blown off.

“They were all howling and jumping past the dugout,” Nimmo said. “It was just euphoria coming over you.”

The 6-3 lead that the Mets held would not last, but the image of the dugout will. Lindor, bad back and all, leapt the dugout railing and onto the field to lead the cheering.

15

What do you think? Post a comment.

“I had no idea I was going to do that,” Lindor said after the Game 1 victory. “I jumped somehow, someway. My back definitely feels much better if I’m jumping over the fence.”

FILED UNDER BRANDON NIMMO  FRANCISCO LINDOR  MLB PLAYOFFS  NEW YORK METS  10/1/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
The Tragedy Of Katherine Heigl Is Just Heartbreaking
NickiSwift.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
Jennifer Tilly's Eye-Popping Throwback Pic Breaks The Internet
Bravotv.com
Michelle Obama's Former Secret Service Agent Is Speaking Out
Katiecouric.com
Drinking Coffee At This Time Of Day Could Extend Your Life
NYPost.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/10/01/sports/what-made-brandon-nimmos-clutch-home-run-all-the-more-stunning-for-mets/ 
 ----- 
