Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
LIVE UPDATES
Trump, Obama have friendly chat at Jimmy Carter funeral; grandson gives eulogy
MLB
Steve Cohen is so proud of playoff-bound Mets: ‘They never quit’
By Mark W. Sanchez
Published Sep. 30, 2024
Updated Oct. 1, 2024, 1:59 a.m. ET
25

ATLANTA — As the celebratory Mets jogged off the field following their dramatic, 8-7 win over the Braves in the doubleheader opener Monday, they had a welcoming party in the dugout.

On the top step, awaiting with words and handshakes, was a smiling Steve Cohen.

The owner had moved from his seat 11 rows behind home plate after seeing his club crack into the postseason on the strength of a top-of-the-eighth rally, a collapse in the bottom of the inning and a two-run home run from Francisco Lindor in the ninth.

3
Mets owner Steve Cohen hugging shortstop Francisco Lindor after the Mets beat the Braves 8-7, clinching a playoff spot on Sept. 30, 2024.
Charles Wenzelberg / New York Post
3
Mets owner Steve Cohen (r.) celebrates in the clubhouse alongside his wife, Alex.
Charles Wenzelberg

“I’ve never seen a game like that,” Cohen said after the Mets split the pair of games. “They never quit. I’ve never seen a more resilient group. They believe in themselves, and a lot of people didn’t.”

Cohen was part of his first playoff-clinching party, drenched like his team and doused at one point by Brandon Nimmo.

In Year 4 as owner, Cohen watched his team dig an 11-games-under-.500 hole in early June and emerge as just about the best team in baseball since.

They needed one more victory to assure a wild-card spot, and they aptly got it in dramatic, come-from-behind fashion.

“I was in tears in the eighth inning when we went ahead,” Cohen said on the field at the end of the night. “I was in shock when we lost the lead. And then Francisco stepping up — an incredible moment.”

3
Mets owner Steve Cohen high-fives players and coaches after the Mets beat the Braves 8-7, clinching a playoff spot.
Charles Wenzelberg / New York Post

He credited a group that always believed.

He credited first-year team president David Stearns, who has remade the team on the fly.

“When you think about the roster at the beginning of the season versus where we are now, totally different roster,” Cohen said. “That just shows the tenaciousness.”

He credited first-year manager Carlos Mendoza, one of the “most optimistic, positive” people around.

25

What do you think? Post a comment.

And he was ready for Milwaukee.

“It’s an amazing feeling,” Cohen said. “I can’t believe what these guys pulled off.”

— Additional reporting by Joel Sherman and Mike Puma

FILED UNDER ATLANTA BRAVES  FRANCISCO LINDOR  NEW YORK METS  STEVE COHEN  9/30/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
These Big Stars Have Lost It All To LA's Ravaging Wildfires
PageSix.com
All 5 Living Presidents Gather For Jimmy Carter's Funeral
PageSix.com
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
The Real Reason Michelle Obama Wasn't At Jimmy Carter's Funeral
TheList.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
The Tragedy Of Katherine Heigl Is Just Heartbreaking
NickiSwift.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
We're Baffled By Kimberly Guilfoyle's Remarkable Transformation
GLAM.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/30/sports/steve-and-alex-cohen-are-so-proud-of-playoff-bound-mets/ 
 ----- 
