Follow us on         
 
 
 
Edition: International   |   Vietnamese
Home
News
Business
Tech
Travel
Life
Sports
Football
Boxing
Marathon
Tennis
Golf
Other sports
Trivia
World
Perspectives
Contact Us
© Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net. All rights reserved.
Hanoi
21 o
Thời tiết từng địa phương
×
|
|
   
   
 Log In
Sports Football Boxing Marathon Tennis Golf Other sports Trivia
Thailand come back to beat Vietnam in Hanoi friendly match
By Quang Dung, Hoang An   September 10, 2024 | 06:14 pm PT
Striker Suphanat Mueanta (number 10) celebrates the equalizer for Thailand against Vietnam in My Dinh Stadium in Hanoi on Sept. 10, 2024. Photo by VnExpress/Hieu Luong
Vietnam missed many chances when they lost 1-2 to Thailand at My Dinh Stadium in Hanoi in a friendly match on Tuesday night.

Thailand did not field the strongest squad, as defender Theerathon Bunmathan, midfielder Chanathip Songkrasin and striker Supachok Sarachat were absent. Coach Masatada Ishii used five foreign-born players - center-back Elias Dolah, Jonathan Khemdee, defender Nicholas Mickelson, midfielder William Weidersjo and striker Patrik Gustavsson.

Vietnam coach Kim Sang-sik had almost the full squad, with Que Ngoc Hai, Nguyen Quang Hai, Nguyen Hoang Duc, Do Hung Dung and Nguyen Tien Linh, although they were no longer at their prime. Kim also gave Phan Van Duc and Nguyen Phong Hong Duy a chance to start for the first time since the AFF Cup final in January 2023.

The two teams started the match with caution. The host opened the score in the 21st minute. From a free kick, Ngoc Hai passed a long ball for Tien Linh to break the offside trap and face the goalkeeper, before finishing with his right foot past Patiwat Khammai.

This was Linh's 21st goal for the national team, after 48 matches, but he closed his eyes and did not celebrate, most likely because he wanted to pay tribute to people who were affected by typhoon Yagi in northern Vietnam. Before the match, the two teams also had a minute of silence for the victims of the typhoon. Hanoi itself was suffering from the aftershocks of the typhoon, and My Dinh Stadium only had more than 1,000 spectators.

The joy of the home audience only lasted for five minutes, before Thailand equalized, also from a set piece. Ekanit Panya crossed the ball into the penalty area, allowing Gustavsson to head the ball to Suphanat Mueanta for a tap-in.




Phan Van Duc reacts after missing a chance in Vietnam's 1-2 loss to Thailand in a friendly match in Hanoi's My Dinh Stadium, Sept. 10, 2024. Photo by VnExpress/Hieu Luong

Vietnam conceded the second goal when Hong Duy, in an attempt to clear the ball, failed and accidentally created a pass for Gustavsson, a Swedish-born striker, to finish in the box. Goalkeeper Filip Nguyen could only block the first shot but was unable to stop the rebound.

The best chance for Vietnam to equalize came in the 86th minute when Hoang Duc's long-range shot deflected of the opponent and hit the crossbar. Linh was there for the rebound with a header but did not have enough power to beat goalkeeper Khammai. Thailand also had a chance to score the third goal, when midfielder Channarong Promsrikaew's shot went wide in a one-on-one situation.

Vietnam lost despite being better in most statistics. They had nine shots, while the opponent only had five. The host also had 57% possession and created more corners. Thailand did not seem to give their all in the second half, focusing only on defense.

Vietnam last week also suffered a 0-3 loss in a friendly with Russia. In October, the team will play two more friendly matches against India and Lebanon, before entering the 2024 ASEAN Cup in December.

PSG goalkeeper regrets missing out on chance to play in Vietnam due to typhoon Yagi

Paris Saint-Germain goalkeeper Matvey Safonov expressed his regret over missing the opportunity to play for Russia against Thailand, as the Hanoi match on Saturday was canceled due to typhoon Yagi.

Thailand striker wants to beat Vietnam as gift for newborn son

Striker Korawich Tasa is determined to help Thailand beat Vietnam in a friendly at Hanoi's My Dinh Stadium on Tuesday as a gift for his newborn son.

A forgettable game of Vietnam national goalkeeper against Russia

Vietnamese-Russian goalkeeper Dang Van Lam made a critical mistake when Vietnam lost 0-3 to Russia in a friendly match at My Dinh Stadium in Hanoi on Thursday night.

Friendly tournament in Vietnam sparks debate among Russian football community

Russia's upcoming friendly tournament with Vietnam and Thailand have received mixed reactions from the country's football community given their high ranking compared to the Southeast Asian teams.

You May Like
"Discover the Benefits of an Energy-Efficient HVAC Upgrade!"
HVAC Services | Search Ads
Learn More
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
Learn More
  
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
Tags: Vietnam vs Thailandfriendly footballMy Dinh Stadiumtyphoon Yagi impactPatrik GustavssonTheerathon BunmathanChanathip SongkrasinNguyen Tien LinhAFF Cup preparation
 
Read more
Thailand coach apologizes for historic loss to Philippines
Naturalization just a short-term solution for Vietnam national team: football experts
Crowds and chaos as Vietnam fans scramble for ASEAN Cup semi-final tickets for Singapore clash
Singapore won't give up against Vietnam: head coach
Vietnam achieve new milestones with victory over Singapore
Vietnam's dramatic, explosive last minutes against Singapore at ASEAN Cup semifinal
Vietnam beat Singapore 2-0 in first leg of ASEAN Cup semifinals
Threats to Vietnam in Singapore's squad ahead of ASEAN Cup semifinals
 Back to top
News
Politics
Education
Environment
Traffic
Crime
Brainteaser
Business
DataSpeaks
Property
Markets
Companies
Economy
Money
Quiz
Tech
Travel
Places
Food
Guide
Visa
Puzzle
Life
Trend
Arts
Celebrities
Vogue
Love
Wellness
Sports
Football
Boxing
Marathon
Tennis
Golf
Other sports
Trivia
World
Perspectives
Readers' Views
Contact us
Advertise with us:
 090 293 9644
Download App
International

Subsidiary of VnExpress

License number: 71/GP-CBC, Ministry of Information and
Communications, September 22, 2021

Editor-in-Chief: Pham Van Hieu

Email: evne@vnexpress.netTel: 028 7300 9999 - Ext 8556

FPT Tower, 10 Pham Van Bach Street, Dich Vong Ward, Cau Giay District, Hanoi, Vietnam

© Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net. All rights reserved.

News Business Tech Travel Life Sports World Perspectives
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://e.vnexpress.net/news/sports/football/thailand-come-back-to-beat-vietnam-in-hanoi-friendly-match-4791516.html 
 ----- 
