Saturday, December 28 2024
bizhub.vn
ovietnam.vn
About Us
Contact Us
Việt Nam News
Politics & Law
Economy
Society
Life & Style
Sports
Environment
Opinion
World
E-Paper
FOCUS Viet Nam New Era Hanoi today Hanoi Investment Promotion Land Law Insights Hanoi Tourism  Ho Chi Minh City in focus UKVFTA
HOME
SPORTS
Coach Kim Sang-sik aims for victory against Thailand
September 10, 2024 - 07:53
Kim pointed out that Việt Nam and Thailand have a long-standing rivalry, making this encounter particularly significant. He expressed hopes that fans will rally behind the team.

 


The Vietnamese national team trains ahead of the friendly match against Thailand on Tuesday. Photo baonghean.vn

Football

HÀ NỘI  Coach Kim Sang-sik of the Vietnamese national team is looking forward to the match against Thailand on Tuesday, stressing that despite its friendly status, the match is crucial, and he wants his players to secure a win.

The South Korean coach pointed out that Việt Nam and Thailand have a long-standing rivalry, making this encounter particularly significant. He expressed hopes that fans will rally behind the team.

“In the final of the AFF Cup 2022, we lost to Thailand. A victory in this match would boost our morale as we prepare for the ASEAN Cup 2024,” Kim said.

This match in the LPBank Cup 2024 international friendly tournament will be the first time coach Kim leads the Vietnamese team against Thailand. He and his coaching staff have thoroughly analysed their opponents.

“Thailand has brought many talented young players to this tournament. Similarly, we have young talents like Hai Long and Vĩ Hào, who represent the future of Vietnamese football. Their presence will foster healthy competition within our squad, which is essential for growth,” Kim explained.

Veteran midfielder Đỗ Hùng Dũng, who tasted defeat against Thailand in the AFF Cup, is eager for a rematch.

“Thailand features new players we haven’t encountered before. However, they also have the advantage of a head coach with extensive experience in the Thai League and in leading the national team at the ASIAN Cup,” Dũng noted.

Dũng also reflected on the evolution of the Vietnamese team under coach Kim.

“We are in the process of refining our playing style. The key for us is to focus on our own development before worrying about our rivals,” he said.

Thai coach Masatada Ishii views the Vietnamese team as a strong contender with several skilled attackers.

“We have analysed Việt Nam’s performances in the World Cup qualifiers and their recent match against Russia. I can see that they possess many technically gifted players who are still evolving, making them a dangerous opponent," he said.

Following the cancellation of their match with Russia due to the just ended Yagi storm, Ishii emphasised the importance of preparation.

“We’ve had extra time to practice, and my focus is on how we prepare for Việt Nam. I believe our team are ready for the challenge,” Ishii said. VNS

 

TAGS Sport Football Match Tournament Cup
SEE ALSO
Sports
Lawrence S. Ting Charity Walk 2025 to take place in January
Sports
Countdown Party, half marathon to mark a prospective new year in city
Sports
Tickets for second leg of ASEAN Cup semifinal between Việt Nam-Singapore sell like hot cakes
Sports
Fans flock to stadiums as teams battle for glory at ASEAN Cup 2024
Sports
More than just leaks to fix
Sports
Advantage goes to Việt Nam despite disadvantages in semi-final against Singapore
MORE ON THIS STORY
Sports
Finswimmers top 18th World Cup with 26 gold medals
After three days of the championships, Việt Nam won 26 gold, 27 silver and 16 bronze medals to top the leaderboard.
Sports
Wushu martial artists to compete at Asian championships
Vietnamese martial artists are expected to have high results at the championship after their positive record at a recent training event in China.
Sports
Linh aims for title hattrick at Vietnam Open
This year, the Open has been lifted to be a BWF Tour Super 100 event and will feature more than 307 competitors from 22 countries.
Sports
Việt Nam football: there's a lot more work needed to be done
If we want our players to play up to World Cup quality, the conditions must first be of World Cup quality.
Sports
Sausage seller to world champ: journey of a billiards talent
The 43-year-old cueist Minh recently made Vietnamese fans jump for joy when he excellently won the World Cup Three-Cushion 2024 held in HCM City in May. For the second time in the history of Vietnamese carom billiards, Minh has won the World Cup after the famous star Trần Quyết Chiến.
Sports
Typhoon Yagi disrupts football matches
Super typhoon Yagi strongly affects footballing activities of Việt Nam which are scheduled on September 7.
Sports
Việt Nam secure three titles at Thailand Finswimming World Cup
Vietnamese athletes won three golds at the ongoing 18th CMAS Finswimming World Cup 2024 Round 4 in Phuket, Thailand.
Sports
Thái Sơn Nam claims national women's futsal championship
Thái Sơn Nam lifted the National Women's Futsal Championship trophy with a record of defeat-less result on September 7 in Hà Nam Province.
Sports
Việt Nam leads Asia in pickleball development
Since its founding in 2020, the Asian Pickleball Federation has expanded to 21 member countries with 50,000 players across the region.
close
arrow_forward_iosRead more
Pause
00:00
00:00
01:31
Unmute
Play
E-PAPER
E-paper
Subscribe
Print Advertisement
Online Advertisement
LATEST
MOST READ
Lawrence S. Ting Charity Walk 2025 to take place in January
1.
HCM City announces 15 outstanding young citizens in 2024
2.
Vice State President awards Labour Order to Olympiad winners
3.
'Diverse economic, political landscapes' make ASEAN foreign investment hub
4.
Việt Nam's GDP predicted to surpass Singapore's in 2029
5.
Hanoi today
Foreign musings on a much-loved capital
Historian reflects on Capital Liberation Day and French influence
Bridges of Hà Nội: Connecting the past, present and future
Hanoi Investment Promotion
Hà Nội drives circular and innovative growth for sustainable future
Cultivating local talent for new semiconductor market
Hà Nội must invest in HR for semiconductors
Hanoi Tourism
New routes help tourists discover Hà Nội's destinations
Ancient village preserves mother-of-pearl craft
Hoàn Kiếm pedestrian space in Hà Nội to open throughout New Year 2024 holiday
Brandinfo
Mistakes in respiratory treatment and a safe solution with spore probiotics
New website launched to raise Vietnamese people's awareness about obesity
Deposit Insurance of Việt Nam: a 25-year journey toward stability and growth
scoop
Journalists work to spread love for Trường Sa
Six streets in Hà Nội to be named after Trường Sa Archipelago’s islands
Việt Nam concerned about recent developments in East Sea: Diplomat
nomnom
Let's get spicey
Jelly mooncake
How virtual learning prepares students for the future that does not yet exist
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Copyrights 2012 Viet Nam News. All rights reserved.
Add:79 Ly Thuong Kiet Street, Ha Noi, Viet Nam. Editor_In_Chief: Nguyen Minh
Tel: 84-24-39332316 - Fax: 84-24-39332311 - E-mail: vnnews@vnagency.com.vn
Publication Permit: 141/GP-BTTTT.

Home
Sitemap
About us
Contact us
Privacy & Terms
RSS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://vietnamnews.vn/sports/1662645/coach-kim-sang-sik-aims-for-victory-against-thailand.html 
 ----- 
