Monday, January 13, 2025, 7:32AM |   36°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
8
MORE
Pirates swept by Nationals in doubleheader
Oneil Cruz and Joey Bart made blunders leading to Washington runs
 
NOAH HILES
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
nhiles@post-gazette.com
 SEP 7, 2024 8:20 PM
92

It was a tale of two games for the Pirates Saturday at PNC Park, as they hosted the Nationals for a doubleheader. And for Derek Shelton’s club, both stories had an unfavorable ending, as Washington won both contests. The Nationals won the first game 5-3 and the second 8-6. Both losses highlighted the recurring issues that have plagued the Pirates all season.

In game one, it was the offense’s inability to manufacture runs against the opposing starting pitcher that led to their defeat. Nationals’ starter DJ Herz threw five no-hit innings, allowing just three walks while striking out five.

Hertz then turned the ball over to Garcia, who preserved the no-hit effort for another five outs until Nick Gonzales spoiled the bid with a two-out single in the bottom of the seventh. The collective effort marked the third time in a week where the Pirates entered the seventh inning without a hit.

"Fastball was good,” Shelton said of Herz. “It was interesting. I don't know if we've seen a young pitcher like that vary the speeds of his fastball — 92, 94, 96, back to 92, went back up. He did a nice job at the top of the zone, and we just did not adjust to it."

 
Noah Hiles
Pirates select contract of Billy Cook; GM Ben Cherington discusses outlook of organization

While late offense helped the Pirates make things interesting, making the score 5-3 in the bottom of the ninth they were unable to complete their comeback. With one out and the bases loaded, Bryan De La Cruz bounced into a game-ending double play, securing Washington’s first victory. In addition to Herz, who improved to 3-7 with the win, rookie outfielder Dylan Crews was another notable star in the Nationals’ first win, finishing 2-for-3 with a walk, double, home run and a pair of RBIs. Each of Washington’s four runs came against Pirates’ starter Luis Ortiz, the game’s losing pitcher, dropping to 6-5.

“I was trying to execute with my fastball, but he got the best of me,” Ortiz said of Crews, with major-league coach Stephen Morales translating. “He was on it.”

For as bad as the offense was in the first game, the bullpen was even worse in game two, a common theme for the Pirates in the second half of the season. With Keller on the mound, things were smooth for Derek Shelton’s club. After posting a rough outing his last time out, the Pirates’ ace looked strong against Washington, allowing just a pair of earned runs on seven hits while striking out eight.

After struggling to generate early offense in the first game, the Pirates tagged Nationals’ starter Mitchell Parker for two runs in the first inning, one in the second and one more in the fourth to end his day early. Keller pitched comfortably with a lead, but the game changed after his exit.

Called upon to relieve Keller in the seventh, left-hander Ryan Borucki surrendered a two-run homer to Andres Chaparro that tied the game at four. Borucki has now allowed four earned runs in the three innings he’s pitched since returning from the injured list on September 1.

While Borucki let the lead slip away, a strong eighth frame from Dennis Santana kept the score tied, setting the table for an eighth inning rally that put Pittsburgh back ahead. Isiah Kiner-Falefa singled home the first of run in the frame, while Bryan Reynolds plated the other on a fielder’s choice.

A two-run advantage, however, was not enough.

 
Noah Hiles
Pirates-Nationals game postponed over storm threat; split doubleheader Saturday

Needing just three outs for a victory, Shelton turned to flame-throwing left-hander Aroldis Chapman to close the contest. Chapman came close to getting the job done, getting two outs against the first three batters he faced. But a two-out single from James Wood sparked a fire that would eventually turn into a four-run rally, paving the way for the Nationals’ 8-6 comeback victory.

"It's tough to swallow,” Shelton said. “I think we're in a situation where we went punch out, walk, punch out. We were basically an out away with a runner at second and we end up giving up multiple runs. It's definitely frustrating. We've gotta figure out the answer to it because it seems too often that we're one strike away, one pitch away, definitely one out away from getting out of it, and we've not done it."

Robert Garcia was the game’s winning pitcher, improving to 3-5. Chapman was the loser, dropping to 5-5. Nationals closer Kyle Finnegan recorded a save in both victories, bringing his total to 37 on the year.

On the mound

Ortiz entered his start Saturday having pitched 15 straight scoreless innings. The right-hander surrendered four runs, three earned, on six hits and a pair of walks over 5 ⅔ innings against the Nationals. Crews, as mentioned earlier, gave Ortiz fits, breaking the scoreless inning streak with a solo homer in the second inning. But half of the runs Ortiz allowed were due to defensive miscues.

The first came from Joey Bart, who let a pitch get by him at the plate, allowing Luis Garcia Jr. to score from third. Garcia would benefit from another mistake in the field two innings later, as a poor throw to second base from Oneil Cruz allowed Garcia to advance to third and eventually be brought home on a sacrifice fly by Keibert Ruiz. Tena followed Ruiz’s sacrifice fly with a single. Crews then brought Tena home in the next at-bat with a double off of the left-field wall for his second RBI of the contest.

"We didn't help [Ortiz] defensively,” Shelton said. “ ... There are some things in the game we could have done better. Because of it, he ended up giving up runs, so that's where we have to be better on our side."

Keller, meanwhile, responded from a poor outing last weekend in Cleveland with a strong start in Game 2, something Shelton made a point to highlight after the second loss.

"It's extremely important,” Shelton said of Keller’s ability to respond. “I think, as we've talked about, he's the leader of the staff. You're gonna have some challenging starts and he's had a couple over the last two. But to be able to bounce back and make an adjustment, that's really important for him. That's really important for the young guys to see that also."

“It feels really good,” Keller said. “Obviously, I wish we won the game. But yeah, feels good to put it all together.”

At the plate

Rowdy Tellez had the big hit for the Pirates in Game 1, smashing a pinch-hit two-run homer off Jacob Barnes to make the score 4-2 in the seventh inning. Gonzales, who scored on Tellez’ home run, tallied his second hit of the game in the ninth, driving in Joey Bart for the Pirates’ third and final run of the contest.

Jared Triolo was responsible for the Pirates’ early offense in Game 2, knocking home a pair of runs on a two-out single in the bottom of the first inning. An RBI double by Alika Williams and a sacrifice fly by Oneil Cruz further extended the Pirates’ advantage. In total, the Pirates tallied 16 hits in the two games, four less than Washington’s total of 20.

They said it

"I mean, I think there are other things,” Shelton said when asked about a diving catch effort from Connor Joe that would have secured a Pirates’ win in Game 2 had the play been completed. “Earlier in the game we had situations to score and add on and we didn't. You can't look at a guy making a diving catch -- If he makes it, I agree that it's a situation where the game is over and it's a great catch. But there were other opportunities in the game that we didn't capitalize on."

Up next

Sunday: Nationals at Pirates, 1:35 p.m., PNC Park

TV, radio: SportsNet Pittsburgh, KDKA-FM (93.7)

Probable pitchers: LHP Patrick Corbin (5-12, 5.41) for Nationals; RHP Jared Jones (5-7, 3.91) for Pirates

Key matchup: Jones has allowed a combined eight runs in 8⅓ innings since being reinstated from the injured list on Aug. 27.

Hidden stat: Saturday marked just the second doubleheader of the Pirates’ 2024 season and the first that took place at PNC Park.

Monday: Marlins at Pirates, 6:40 p.m., PNC Park

Probable pitchers: TBA for Marlins; TBA for Pirates

First Published: September 7, 2024, 8:20 p.m.

Noah Hiles covers the Pirates for the Post-Gazette. He previously covered Pitt athletics.
  nhiles@post-gazette.com
  @_NoahHiles
 RELATED
 
Noah Hiles
Pirates' Paul Skenes talks relationship with former LSU teammate, fellow rookie standout Dylan Crews
 
Noah Hiles
Change of scenery allowed Pirates' Dennis Santana to pitch better than ever before
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
A&E
Melessie Clark named Post-Gazette Performer of the Year
LOCAL
'We're not going anywhere': How the Latino community pulled Beechview back from the brink of crisis
NEWS
Obituary: Richard J. Garber | Co-creator of iconic poison prevention logo Mr. Yuk
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers don't plan to move on from Mike Tomlin despite another one-and-done postseason
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 8:59pm  Gerry Dulac
2
SPORTS
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:36am  Joe Starkey
3
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 10:00am  Jason Mackey
4
BUSINESS
U.S. Steel-Nippon deal given six-month reprieve
 Mon, Jan 13, 2025, 2:14am  Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
5
SPORTS
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:19am  Ray Fittipaldo
Gene J. Puskar/Associated Press
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers don't plan to move on from Mike Tomlin despite another one-and-done postseason
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes in 2025
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
Nikita Kucherov and Lightning steal a win from the Penguins, more takeaways from their latest loss
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/pirates/2024/09/07/nationals-doubleheader-luis-ortiz-oneil-cruz-mitch-keller-rowdy/stories/202409060075 
 ----- 
