NATION
WORLD
STATES
OPINIONS
CITIES
BUSINESS
SPORT
GOOD NEWS
MOVIES
PHOTOS
VIDEOS
WEB SCRAWL

Advertisement

Cricket
T20 World Cup: England and Australia split points after another MCG washout
Both the Group 1 encounters on Friday at the MCG have been washed out. Earlier, the rain had forced the toss to be delayed. Australia and England will split points as the match was abandoned.
A scoreboard screen announces the T20 World Cup cricket match between Australia and England as abandoned due to rain in Melbourne, Australia, Oct. 28, 2022. (Photo|AP)
ANI
Updated on: 
28 Oct 2022, 10:22 am
1 min read

MELBOURNE: Another Group 1, Super 12 match of the ongoing ICC T20 World Cup 2022 between England and Australia at Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) has been abandoned without a single ball being bowled on Friday.

Both the Group 1 encounters on Friday at the Melbourne Cricket Ground have been washed out. Earlier, the rain had forced the toss to be delayed. Australia and England will split points as the match was abandoned.

Earlier, Group 1, Super 12 match of the ongoing ICC T20 World Cup 2022 between Afghanistan and Ireland at Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) was officially abandoned without a single ball being bowled on Friday. The play was eventually called off just after 4:30 pm (local time), with both Afghanistan and Ireland receiving one point apiece to stay in contention for a semi-final berth.

Hosts and defending champions Australia were hammered in their opening group game, but are back on a high after Marcus Stoinis led his side to a win over Sri Lanka with a brutal display of hitting last time out.

On the other hand, England followed up their winning start with a lacklustre showing against Ireland, a performance that resulted in defeat on DLS Method to leave Jos Buttler and his side needing a big run of wins to avoid leaving the World Cup at the Super 12 stage.

A better net run rate sees England take the fourth spot in the table, while a poor net run rate sees Australia hold the bottom spot.

Follow The New Indian Express channel on WhatsApp 

Download the TNIE app to stay with us and follow the latest

EnglandAustraliaT20 World Cup
Show Comments
Related Stories
From transition phase to finding balance: Challenges await for Indian cricket
Gomesh S
13 hours ago
Pant should be criticised only for his failures, rather than how he fails: Manjrekar
PTI
13 hours ago
Head explains 'finger on ice' celebration after dismissing Pant
PTI
19 hours ago
Mhatre becomes youngest to score 150 in List A cricket, breaks Jaiswal's world record
PTI
20 hours ago
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
About Us
Terms Of Use
The Morning Standard
Dinamani
Kannada Prabha
Samakalika Malayalam
Cinema Express
Indulgexpress
Edex Live

Copyright - newindianexpress.com 2024. All rights reserved.

Powered by Quintype

X

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newindianexpress.com/sport/cricket/2022/Oct/28/t20-world-cup-england-and-australia-split-points-after-another-mcg-washout-2512587.html 
 ----- 
