Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sourav Ganguly backs Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma to open for India at the T20 World Cup
Saino Zachariah
01-06-2024
•
3 min read
(getty)

Former Indian cricketer Sourav Ganguly backed two of Team India's senior batters, Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma to open the batting at the T20 World Cup 2024.

He reckoned that the in-form Kohli should partner the Indian captain at the top of the order, instead of youngster Yashasvi Jaiswal.

Get the latest sports betting odds on ICC T20 World Cup 2024 here!

Why Sourav Ganguly wants Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma to open during the T20 World Cup?

During an exclusive interview with RevSportz, the former India captain, Sourav Ganguly was asked about who should open the batting during the World Cup among Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma and Yashasvi Jaiswal.

He backed the Team India veterans Kohli and Rohit, saying:

"I would open with Virat and Rohit. I want Virat to bat the way he did for RCB in the second half of the IPL. He has to bat with freedom. Needless to say, he is a great player, but for India to do well, Virat will have to bat with freedom like he did in the IPL. So my choice would be Virat and Rohit at the top of the order."

Ganguly wants Kohli to bat with freedom at the top of the order, where he can take advantage of the powerplay overs like he did during the recently concluded IPL 2024.

CLICK HERE FOR EXCLUSIVE T20 WC BETTING OFFERS
Should Virat Kohli open the batting in T20 World Cup 2024?

It goes without saying that a batter of Virat Kohli's stature can be a great asset for any team in the top order. If the recent season of the Indian Premier League (IPL) is anything to go by, he should definitely continue to open the batting.

Kohli won the Orange Cap in IPL 2024 after scoring the most runs in the tournament. He racked up 741 runs at an average of 61.75 and a strike rate of 154.69, including 5 half centuries and 1 hundred.

What makes his case even more straightforward is the aggressive intent and control with which he dominated the powerplay batting at the top of the order for the Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB).

Virat Kohli in Overs 1-6 in IPL 2024:

Innings	Runs	Average	Strike Rate	Fours	Sixes
15	373	93.2	161.5	36	21

EXCLUSIVE T20 WC BONUSES AND OFFERS

CLICK TO BET
India’s complete schedule for the 2024 T20 World Cup
Fixture	Date	Time (IST)	Venue
India vs Ireland	June 5, 2024	8:00 PM 	Nassau County International Cricket Stadium, New York
India vs Pakistan	June 9, 2024	8:00 PM 	Nassau County International Cricket Stadium, New York
USA v India	June 12, 2024	8:00 PM	Nassau County International Cricket Stadium, New York
India vs Canada	June 15, 2024	8:00 PM	Central Broward Regional Park, Lauderhill

If you purchase a product or register for an account through one of the links on our site, we may receive compensation. Learn more >

Author(s)
Saino Zachariah

Saino Zachariah is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/sourav-ganguly-virat-kohli-rohit-sharma-open-t20-world-cup/ef26ba39ca638a5be5e6c86c 
 ----- 
