BBC Homepage
Skip to content
Accessibility Help
Sign in
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
More menu
Search BBC
BBC Sport
Home
Football
Cricket
Formula 1
Rugby U
Tennis
Golf
Athletics
Cycling
More
Football
Scores & Fixtures
Tables
Gossip
Transfers
Top Scorers
Women
European
All Teams
Leagues & Cups
Quizzes
ADVERTISEMENT
Messi farewell? Vinicius Jr for Ballon d'Or? Copa America set to start
IMAGE SOURCE,
GETTY IMAGES
Image caption,

Lionel Messi is third top scorer in international men's football ever with 106 goals

Emlyn Begley
BBC Sport journalist
Published
19 June 2024
Updated 20 June 2024

The Copa America 2024 starts on Thursday - with something of a different look.

But the stars are familiar, with Lionel Messi and Vinicius Jr looking to add to their trophy hauls.

BBC Sport takes a closer look at the tournament.

It's not in South America... and six of the teams are from elsewhere too
IMAGE SOURCE,
GETTY IMAGES
Image caption,

The final will be at the Hard Rock Stadium in Miami

South America's continental championship will be played in the United States.

And six of the 16 teams are from the Confederation of North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football (Concacaf).

It was also the same for the special edition 2016 Copa America Centenario - but this is the first regular staging of the tournament to be played outside of the continent.

Many of the host cities are in southern states such as California, Texas and Florida - but there are stadia further north too including in New Jersey.

The tournament is being seen as preparation for the 2026 World Cup, which will be hosted by the United States - along with Canada and Mexico.

The US, Mexico, Jamaica, Canada, Costa Rica and Panama will be the six North and Central American countries joining all 10 South American nations to compete.

US boss Gregg Berhalter is under big pressure, with some fans calling for him to go following a 5-1 warm-up defeat by Colombia.

"I don’t think I’m the right person to answer that question," he said when asked about his future.

"But what I would say is that we do see this as a building block. We see this group as a talented group that’s able to do good things, and we want to use Copa America to show that we’re focused on going as far as we can."

Most Copas since 1993 have had 12 countries, including two guests - with Japan and Qatar having played in past editions - but the last one in 2021 just had the 10 South American nations.

Media caption,

USA’s Ricardo Pepi and Mark McKenzie discuss Copa America

Messi's final major tournament?

It could prove to be a final international tournament for one of football's legends, Argentina forward Lionel Messi, 36. But we have said that before.

The Inter Miami player will turn 39 during the next World Cup in two years.

Asked about the 2026 World Cup, he said recently: "It depends on how I feel, how I am physically and knowing whether I’m at the level to be able to compete and help my team-mates.

"There is still a long time until the tournament, but it goes quickly. I don’t know how I will be in that moment."

Messi is aiming for a third winners' medal in a row for his country, after the 2021 Copa America and 2022 World Cup, having never won a senior international tournament until the age of 34.

The final will be played at the Hard Rock Stadium in Miami - which is just over 20 miles from the city of Fort Lauderdale, where Messi's club currently play.

Argentina could become the most decorated Copa America side ever if they win the title again. They are currently joint top with Uruguay on 15 trophies.

Could Brazil win seal Ballon d'Or for Vinicius Jr?
IMAGE SOURCE,
GETTY IMAGES
Image caption,

Vinicius Jr has won La Liga and the Champions League this year

Brazil are the second favourites to win the Copa America, behind Argentina.

The 2019 champions are bidding to lift the trophy for the 10th time - and the fourth this century. Nobody else bar Argentina and Uruguay have won more than two.

Among their best hopes of winning the tournament are forwards Vinicius Jr, Rodrygo and Endrick - who will all be Real Madrid team-mates next season.

Vinicius Jr is the favourite to win the Ballon d'Or after helping Real win La Liga and the Champions League - with team-mate Jude Bellingham of England also thought to be in contention.

Could a continental tournament for either player this summer be a deciding factor?

Endrick, who has scored three goals in five caps, will join Real Madrid from Palmeiras once he turns 18, a week after the Copa America final.

Journeyman 62-year-old manager Dorival Junior has only been in charge since January.

Can Bielsa finally win Copa America?
IMAGE SOURCE,
GETTY IMAGES
Image caption,

Marcelo Bielsa is at his first Copa America for 20 years

Uruguay are managed by Leeds United legend Marcelo Bielsa, who is hoping at the age of 68 to win the Copa America for the first time.

Bielsa was so close in 2004 when he was managing his native Argentina.

Cesar Delgado had put the Argentines 2-1 up against Brazil in the 87th minute but Adriano netted in injury time and Brazil won on penalties in Lima.

That was the last time he was at the Copa America.

Bielsa managed Chile for almost four years but joined just after the 2007 Copa and left months before the 2011 tournament.

How does it work?

There are four groups of four teams, with the two top from each group going into the quarter-finals.

The tournament starts with Argentina v Canada on 20 June in Atlanta, and ends with the final in Miami on 14 July.

Group A: Argentina, Peru, Chile, Canada

Group B: Mexico, Ecuador, Venezuela, Jamaica

Group C: United States, Uruguay, Panama, Bolivia

Group D: Brazil, Colombia, Paraguay, Costa Rica

Related topics
Football
More on this story

Listen to the latest Football Daily podcast

Get football news sent straight to your phone

Top stories

Littler fights past White and into Worlds fourth round

Published
3 hours ago

Atalanta stay top of Serie A with late equaliser at Lazio

Published
4 hours ago

Australia v India - fourth Test scorecard

Elsewhere on the BBC

The school run and playdate politics

Parenting chaos, PTA drama and no alone time

Challenging the news to a game of football

A mischievous look behind the week's headlines with clips, unexpected guests, and satire

A tale of ambition and fame gone wrong

From promises of a medical revolution to losing it all

Saturnalia: Celebrate the Ancient Roman mid-winter festival

Natalie Haynes creates stand-up routines about figures from ancient Greece and Rome.

Elsewhere in Sport

Where are all the English managers?

'What has he done?!' - Pant out after scoop attempt. Video
'What has he done?!' - Pant out after scoop attempt

Salah, De Bruyne, Wood - who can discuss a free transfer in January

Mud, sweat & touchdowns - UK's grassroots gridiron

'We want to be first' - Arteta wants more after win over Ipswich. Video
'We want to be first' - Arteta wants more after win over Ipswich

'If I'm in the firepit again, I can get out'

Winning 'never enough' - what we learn in Ferguson documentary

Test your knowledge in the big sports quiz of 2024

'Modern-day gladiator' - the rise of heavyweight hope Itauma

Slam success & ranking rises - how British tennis thrived in 2024

Take on our BBC Gameshows ultimate football quiz

Death of the terrace - one fan's love letter

'Self-doubt, errors & big changes' - inside the crisis at Man City

When Ferguson brought Ronaldo to tears. Video
When Ferguson brought Ronaldo to tears

Brilliant Taylor & 'otherworldly' Burrow star in NFL best plays. Video
Brilliant Taylor & 'otherworldly' Burrow star in NFL best plays

How Salah's stats rank among Premier League greats

How heavyweight division is shaping up - and fights we want to see

Delivery, timing and 'dark arts' - the anatomy of a set-piece

How Alfred went from breaking point to Olympic 100m gold

Usyk cements legacy with points win over Fury. Video
Usyk cements legacy with points win over Fury

Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC
Get Personalised Newsletters
Why you can trust the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info

© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cyrrjv3e4zro 
 ----- 
