Continue with ads …
Use as.com with personalized advertising, tracking and cookies free of charge.﻿
This model will allow you to continue browsing as before. The acceptance of cookies and similar technologies will involve the collection and use of your browsing information for advertising and personalisation purposes according to your interests. This advertising is essential for us to continue offering quality content, effective services to users and an improved user experience.
For this, we and our 866 partners ﻿require your consent﻿to the processing of personal data﻿ for the following purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
Most purposes explained in this notice rely on the storage or accessing of information from your device when you use an app or visit a website. For example, a vendor or publisher might need to store a cookie on your device during your first visit on a website, to be able to recognise your device during your next visits (by accessing this cookie each time).
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Advertising and content can be personalised based on your profile. Your activity on this service can be used to build or improve a profile about you for personalised advertising and content. Advertising and content performance can be measured. Reports can be generated based on your activity and those of others. Your activity on this service can help develop and improve products and services.
Use limited data to select advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
A car manufacturer wants to promote its electric vehicles to environmentally conscious users living in the city after office hours. The advertising is presented on a page with related content (such as an article on climate change actions) after 6:30 p.m. to users whose non-precise location suggests that they are in an urban zone.
A large producer of watercolour paints wants to carry out an online advertising campaign for its latest watercolour range, diversifying its audience to reach as many amateur and professional artists as possible and avoiding showing the ad next to mismatched content (for instance, articles about how to paint your house). The number of times that the ad has been presented to you is detected and limited, to avoid presenting it too often.
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
If you read several articles about the best bike accessories to buy, this information could be used to create a profile about your interest in bike accessories. Such a profile may be used or improved later on, on the same or a different website or app to present you with advertising for a particular bike accessory brand. If you also look at a configurator for a vehicle on a luxury car manufacturer website, this information could be combined with your interest in bikes to refine your profile and make an assumption that you are interested in luxury cycling gear.
An apparel company wishes to promote its new line of high-end baby clothes. It gets in touch with an agency that has a network of clients with high income customers (such as high-end supermarkets) and asks the agency to create profiles of young parents or couples who can be assumed to be wealthy and to have a new child, so that these can later be used to present advertising within partner apps based on those profiles.
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
An online retailer wants to advertise a limited sale on running shoes. It wants to target advertising to users who previously looked at running shoes on its mobile app. Tracking technologies might be used to recognise that you have previously used the mobile app to consult running shoes, in order to present you with the corresponding advertisement on the app.
A profile created for personalised advertising in relation to a person having searched for bike accessories on a website can be used to present the relevant advertisement for bike accessories on a mobile app of another organisation.
Create profiles to personalise content
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
You read several articles on how to build a treehouse on a social media platform. This information might be added to a profile to mark your interest in content related to outdoors as well as do-it-yourself guides (with the objective of allowing the personalisation of content, so that for example you are presented with more blog posts and articles on treehouses and wood cabins in the future).
You have viewed three videos on space exploration across different TV apps. An unrelated news platform with which you have had no contact builds a profile based on that viewing behaviour, marking space exploration as a topic of possible interest for other videos.
Use profiles to select personalised content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
You read articles on vegetarian food on a social media platform and then use the cooking app of an unrelated company. The profile built about you on the social media platform will be used to present you vegetarian recipes on the welcome screen of the cooking app.
You have viewed three videos about rowing across different websites. An unrelated video sharing platform will recommend five other videos on rowing that may be of interest to you when you use your TV app, based on a profile built about you when you visited those different websites to watch online videos.
Measure advertising performance
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
You have clicked on an advertisement about a “black Friday” discount by an online shop on the website of a publisher and purchased a product. Your click will be linked to this purchase. Your interaction and that of other users will be measured to know how many clicks on the ad led to a purchase.
You are one of very few to have clicked on an advertisement about an “international appreciation day” discount by an online gift shop within the app of a publisher. The publisher wants to have reports to understand how often a specific ad placement within the app, and notably the “international appreciation day” ad, has been viewed or clicked by you and other users, in order to help the publisher and its partners (such as agencies) optimise ad placements.
Measure content performance
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
You have read a blog post about hiking on a mobile app of a publisher and followed a link to a recommended and related post. Your interactions will be recorded as showing that the initial hiking post was useful to you and that it was successful in interesting you in the related post. This will be measured to know whether to produce more posts on hiking in the future and where to place them on the home screen of the mobile app.
You were presented a video on fashion trends, but you and several other users stopped watching after 30 seconds. This information is then used to evaluate the right length of future videos on fashion trends.
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
The owner of an online bookstore wants commercial reporting showing the proportion of visitors who consulted and left its site without buying, or consulted and bought the last celebrity autobiography of the month, as well as the average age and the male/female distribution of each category. Data relating to your navigation on its site and to your personal characteristics is then used and combined with other such data to produce these statistics.
An advertiser wants to better understand the type of audience interacting with its adverts. It calls upon a research institute to compare the characteristics of users who interacted with the ad with typical attributes of users of similar platforms, across different devices. This comparison reveals to the advertiser that its ad audience is mainly accessing the adverts through mobile devices and is likely in the 45-60 age range.
Develop and improve services
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
A technology platform working with a social media provider notices a growth in mobile app users, and sees based on their profiles that many of them are connecting through mobile connections. It uses a new technology to deliver ads that are formatted for mobile devices and that are low-bandwidth, to improve their performance.
An advertiser is looking for a way to display ads on a new type of consumer device. It collects information regarding the way users interact with this new kind of device to determine whether it can build a new mechanism for displaying advertising on this type of device.
Use limited data to select content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
A travel magazine has published an article on its website about the new online courses proposed by a language school, to improve travelling experiences abroad. The school’s blog posts are inserted directly at the bottom of the page, and selected on the basis of your non-precise location (for instance, blog posts explaining the course curriculum for different languages than the language of the country you are situated in).
A sports news mobile app has started a new section of articles covering the most recent football games. Each article includes videos hosted by a separate streaming platform showcasing the highlights of each match. If you fast-forward a video, this information may be used to select a shorter video to play next.
Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
Precise geolocation and information about device characteristics can be used.
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Share data and profiles not linked to your identity
Allows you to send the user profile obtained through deductive techniques along with your browsing data and an advertising identifier code to advertisers, advertising agencies, intermediaries and other operators that enable this exchange of information to assess whether your profile is within the target audience for a specific ad and, where appropriate, show you that ad based on your interests.
You can read the reasons behind these access modalities here.
Agree & continue
Privacy settings
… or with contentpass
Use as.com and 500 other websites, such as huffingtonpost.es and cadenaser.com, ad-free and tracking-free with contentpass for a flat rate of 3,99 € per month.
As an alternative to paying with your attention and data, contentpass allows you to use all participating websites without ad banners, ad cookies and personalized tracking.
Deny & surf ad-free
Log in with contentpass
Data Privacy
contentpass FAQ
News
How to watch
Fixtures
Matchday
Standings
Ranking
MLS
LaLiga
World Cup
Premier League
Champions League
CONCACAF Champions
USWNT
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Liga mexicana
Europa League

COPA AMÉRICA

What is the best USMNT result in Copa América history?
So far at the Copa América, the United States men’s national team has either fallen at the first hurdle or been on the cusp of a place in the final.
William AllenWAS_Allen
Update: Jun 16th, 2024 11:08 EDT
0
USA Today Sports

The United States men’s national team is preparing to make its fifth appearance at the Copa América - a tournament at which the Stars and Stripes have so far alternated between extreme highs and lows. They’ve either bombed in the group stage, or been one step away from the final.

US the venue for CONMEBOL-CONCACAF Copa América

The US is to stage the 2024 Copa América, which will be played in an expanded, 16-team format. Alongside the hosts, five further countries from the Central American, North American and Caribbean region (CONCACAF) will take part in the competition, which is chiefly contested by South American nations. Teams belonging to CONMEBOL, South America’s soccer confederation, will account for the other 10 participants at this summer’s event.

Here's how this former NBA champ explained why LeBron James will never surpass Kobe Bryant as an all-time great!Here's how this former NBA champ explained why LeBron James will never surpass Kobe Bryant as an all-time great!

The involvement of non-South American sides in the Copa América is nothing new. Since the early 1990s, CONMEBOL has made a habit of filling out the typically 12-team tournament with countries from other regions, to compensate for the fact that South America’s governing body only has 10 member nations.

What’s more, this is not the first time that CONMEBOL has joined forces with CONCACAF to hold a 16-team Copa América with a 10+6 mix of countries from the two confederations. This was the case in 2016, when the US was also awarded hosting duties for a special, centenary edition of the tournament.

Before the States became the first nation from outside CONMEBOL to stage the Copa América seven years ago, the USMNT had also been invited to take part in the tournament in 1993, 1995 and 2007.

USMNT’s previous Copa América appearances: a timeline
1993 Copa América: out in the group stage

On their Copa América debut, the USMNT came rock bottom of their first-round group, managing just one point as they finished behind Ecuador, the tournament hosts, and Uruguay and Venezuela. The Americans’ sole draw was against the Venezuelans in their final Group A game - a 3-3 thriller that saw Bora Milutinovic’s side throw away a three-goal half-time lead.

1995 Copa América: surprise semi-finalists

Two years later, the USMNT did a whole lot better - so much so that they made an unexpected run to the semi-finals, topping their group on the way. The highlight of their tournament was a 3-0 humbling of Argentina on matchday three of the round-robin phase. Frank Klopas, Alexei Lalas and Eric Wynalda got the goals in what is one of the biggest results in the USMNT’s history.

Having squeezed past fellow invitees Mexico on penalties in the quarter-finals, the US were edged out by then-world champions Brazil in the semis, going down to Aldair’s first-half goal. A fourth-place finish was confirmed when Steve Sampson’s men were thumped 4-1 by Colombia in the third-place playoff.

2007 Copa América: basement boys again

When the USMNT next featured at the Copa América, in Venezuela in 2007, they delivered their worst performance to date. The Stars and Stripes lost all three group games, conceding eight goals in the process. Most notably, Argentina gained a measure of revenge for their three-goal defeat 12 years earlier, giving the US a taste of their own medicine with a 4-1 thrashing in Group C.

2016 Copa América: a semi-final return

At their next and most recent Copa América nine years later, the USMNT once more bounced back with a semi-final finish. Despite an opening defeat to Colombia, the hosts came top of Group A, before beating Ecuador 2-1 to set up a last-four clash with Argentina.

Coached by Jürgen Klinsmann, a man who had defeated the Argentinians to clinch a World Cup winners’ medal as a player, the Americans suffered another Copa América mauling by the Albiceleste: after first-half goals by Ezequiel Lavezzi and Lionel Messi, Gonzalo Higuaín added two more after the break as Argentina triumphed 4-0 in Houston.

As in 1995, the USMNT were then beaten by Colombia in the third-place playoff, Carlos Bacca’s goal giving Los Cafeteros a 1-0 win.

USMNT at Copa América: at a glance
Four appearances (1993, 1995, 2007, 2016)
Best performance: semi-finals (1995, 2016)
First ever non-CONMEBOL hosts in 2016
Will stage event for second time in 2024
Most games: Cobi Jones, Alexei Lalas, Tab Ramos - 9
Top scorers: Eric Wynalda, Clint Dempsey - 3
When is the 2024 Copa América?

The 2024 Copa América is to take place between Thursday 20 June and Sunday 14 July 2024, with the final to be held at Miami’s Hard Rock Stadium. The defending champions, Argentina, face Canada in the opening game at Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta, Georgia.

RELATED STORIES

COPA AMERICA 2024

The top scorers in the history of the Copa América

COPA AMÉRICA 2024

Argentina final Copa América roster and omissions

Although the USMNT are tournament hosts, this is the first time they were not given automatic entry to the Copa América. Gregg Berhalter’s men had to earn their place at the finals through the 2023/24 CONCACAF Nations League.

What is the USMNT’s Copa América schedule?

Drawn into Group C alongside Bolivia, Panama and Uruguay, the USMNT begin their campaign against the Bolivians on Sunday 23 June, at AT&T Stadium, Arlington, Texas. They then take on Panama in Atlanta on Thursday 27 June, before closing out their group stage against Uruguay four days later. Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri, will be the venue for that matchday-three clash.

William Allen

About the author
Tagged in:
Copa América
Copa América 2016
Conmebol
Concacaf
Selección Fútbol Estados Unidos
Fútbol
Gregg Berhalter
Comment
Rules
We recommend these for you in Soccer
MLS
Who is Tadeo Allende, the Argentine winger Inter Miami are chasing?
REAL MADRID
Jude Bellingham wins his third LaLiga Player of the Month award with Real Madrid
MLS
Chucky Lozano ready for new MLS challenge with San Diego
PREMIER LEAGUE
New name at the top of ‘calendar year’ Premier League table
REAL MADRID
Zidane waiting for his next job in Madrid
PREMIER LEAGUE
Ronaldo makes crazy claim about Manchester United disaster: ‘a sick fish in an aquarium’
Most viewed
1

REAL MADRID

Real Madrid sweeps the 2024 Globe Soccer Awards
2

REAL MADRID

Mbappé in his sights: Vinícius Júnior targets big-money Real Madrid contract
3

SOCCER

Cristiano Ronaldo: “Vinicius should have won the Ballon d’Or”
More news

DAZN

Enjoy live and on-demand online sports on DAZN. Activate your account
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://en.as.com/soccer/what-is-the-best-usmnt-result-in-copa-america-history-n/ 
 ----- 
