Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Final days of our appeal
Make a year-end gift now to fund our journalism
Support us
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
View image in fullscreen
Nestory Irankunda scored his first Socceroos goal during Australia’s 5-0 victory over Palestine in 2026 World Cup qualification. Photograph: Richard Wainwright/EPA
Sportblog
Australia
 This article is more than 6 months old
‘It’s only positive’: latest victory gives another glimpse of Socceroos’ future
This article is more than 6 months old

Australia wrapped up a perfect phase of World Cup qualifying against Palestine as a new generation threatens to squeeze out established names

Jack Snape
Tue 11 Jun 2024 20.39 EDT
Share
25

T
he winners were everywhere. For coach Graham Arnold, it was securing passage to the next phase of World Cup qualifying, without conceding a goal. The near-capacity crowd in Perth were treated to a first Socceroos match since 2016, and goals to boot. The West Australian players, scattered throughout the team, delighted their friends and family at hand.

But more than anything, this 5-0 triumph over a valiant Palestine was a victory for the Socceroos’ future. The glimpses were numerous. A clinical Kusini Yengi, with two goals ahead of his first season in England’s Championship. Alessandro Circati, going up to Serie A himself, cultured and committed when called upon. A powerful, efficient Cam Burgess – Circati’s partner in central defence – ahead of his imminent debut in Premier League.

Australia make it six from six with World Cup qualifier win over Palestine
Read more

Where once Australia lacked a presence in the world’s top club competitions, now they are everywhere. Captain Jackson Irvine and Connor Metcalfe are both to feature in the Bundesliga with St Pauli. Even Joe Gauci, tipped to become Aston Villa’s second choice goalkeeper next season, is likely to see top-level minutes. And then there is Bayern Munich’s latest recruit, Nestory Irankunda, scoring his first senior international goal from the spot to make it 5-0. Of these, only Irvine contributed to Australia’s success in reaching the round of 16 in Qatar.

The next World Cup, in North America, kicks off in exactly two years from Australia’s clash with Palestine. Fifa president Gianni Infantino marked the occasion on Tuesday, issuing 16 separate social media videos for each of the host cities, and saying he is “counting down the days”. For Australia however, chasing a first-ever quarter-final appearance, these days are precious.

Much of the squad that went to Qatar are still in contention for the 2026 World Cup. Aaron Mooy has retired, but veterans like Mitch Duke and even Aziz Behich – both involved in the latest window even as they approach their mid-30s – are a chance of making it.

That may be been cause for concern, given the side’s unconvincing performance at the Asian Cup in February. The recent period has proven to be not so much the golden generation of the Socceroos, but more the iron age.

Socceroos Starboy 🌟

At 18 years and 123 days, Nestory Irankunda is the second-youngest ever #Socceroos goalscorer in an 'A' international.

🎥 @10FootballAU #AUSvPLE #DifferentBreed pic.twitter.com/IKayChwTlp

— Subway Socceroos (@Socceroos) June 11, 2024

The squad has been absent of teenage academy sensations, or Premier League stars. Rather, they have proven themselves as determined professionals, A-League graduates and sometimes naturalised Scots, deeply familiar with adversity. They are generally tough, resilient, and – their narrow round of 16 loss to Argentina at the 2022 World Cup as the feather in their cap – largely successful. But the next iteration under Arnold was unclear.

Before the match against Palestine, the coach said the squad has newfound depth, and there is little separating his first and second XIs. Five or six years ago, he said, the first choice players would have won a match with the reserves by two or three goals.

It was a humblebrag from the man who took over in 2018, and one few could argue with. But while the dynamic does highlight the Socceroos’ depth, it also suggests the first choice players have room for improvement. Arnold has spent his six-year tenure as Socceroos coach laying a slab. Now he has a two-year window to build something on it.

In the next phase of qualifying, starting in September, the Socceroos will be placed in one of three groups of six, with two places in each going directly to the expanded, 48-team World Cup. Simply put, Australia need to show, across 10 matches, they are one of Asia’s six best teams. Even if they don’t, they can still squeeze onto the plane to North America through subsequent Asian and intercontinental play-offs.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Australia Sport

Free newsletter

Get a daily roundup of the latest sports news, features and comment from our Australian sports desk

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

They will face one of Asia’s giants in Japan, Iran or South Korea in their group, but as long as they can finish above the likes of Iraq, Uzbekistan and the UAE – as well as a bunch of relative minnows – a sixth-straight World Cup finals appearance is theirs. And so the challenge will be to not just reach North America, but do something there.

Australia 5-0 Palestine: World Cup 2026 qualifier – as it happened
Read more

That makes their latest performance in Perth significant. Already missing 10 players through injury or the risk of yellow card accumulation, Arnold leant heavily on the unproven. And they delivered, against deep-lying opponents who have shown their defensive capability in finishing second in the group behind the Australians.

The match against Palestine was only one fixture, but it kicked off the race for North America, and the genuine competition for places in the Socceroos. These new arrivals, playing in top leagues next season – assuming they can still earn minutes – threaten to squeeze out established names and usher in a new generation. More gold or green, or something else entirely, their performances will decide.

The two-year countdown is on, and the mood in the Socceroos is high. “I’m excited for the future,” Arnold beamed afterwards. “It’s only positive.”

Explore more on these topics
Australia
Sportblog
World Cup 2026 qualifiers
Australia sport
features
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/blog/article/2024/jun/12/socceroos-positive-future-australia-vs-palestine-nestory-irankunda-world-cup-qualifying 
 ----- 
