MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Red-hot Max Kepler didn’t use to celebrate much, but he isn’t holding back anymore
By Dan Hayes
Sep 10, 2023

22

MINNEAPOLIS — Max Kepler has developed a reputation over the years as a player who infrequently celebrates. Minus the occasional reaction or outburst, the Minnesota Twins outfielder normally does a good job of concealing his emotions.

But lately, that isn’t the case.

Kepler has performed as well as he has in his career for the past three months. The uptick in his production has been accompanied by more frequent demonstrations of pure joy. Whether he’s yelling out, pointing to teammates in the dugout or merely posing like famous internet memes after sliding into a base, Kepler seems to be enjoying playing baseball more than ever.

Kepler provided another iconic slide during Saturday afternoon’s 8-4 victory over the New York Mets after his pinch hit, two-out, three-run triple broke open a tight contest.

Also playing their best baseball of the season, the Twins reduced their magic number to 13 with their sixth victory in eight games. The win improved the club to a season-best eight games over .500.

“It’s fun to win ballgames,” said Kepler, who isn’t sure he’s celebrating any more than in the past. “It’s fun to score runs. It’s hard to do in this game. When it happens, you should be happy about it and celebrate with your group.”

Kepler’s had plenty to celebrate the past three months, a stretch in which he’s hit .280/.346/.533 with 15 home runs and 41 RBIs in 272 plate appearances.

Right before his hot streak began, Kepler was struggling and faced criticism from fans, the media, even his manager.

When he returned to the lineup May 29 without a rehab assignment after missing 14 games with a left hamstring strain, Kepler couldn’t hit. He replaced rookie Matt Wallner, who was having success, and followed with a 4-for-31 stretch.

Kepler then complicated matters with a base-running mistake in the ninth inning of a June 7 loss at Tampa Bay, which drew the ire of Twins manager Rocco Baldelli. Fans dissatisfied with a struggling offense called for Kepler’s exit.

But the Twins, who spent the offseason rejecting lackluster trade offers for their veteran, held firm and kept Kepler on the roster.

He’s rewarded them with a combination of meaningful hits, amazing catches and splendid GIFs.

“Everything we could ask for, we’re getting from him right now,” Baldelli said. “He’s played good in the field. He’s doing a lot of things. He deserves being able to show all the emotion he wants. I love it. He’s worked hard for it.”

Kepler’s only chance to maintain his hot streak Saturday arrived when he pinch hit with two outs in the seventh inning, the bases loaded and the Twins ahead 4-2. Facing Mets reliever Drew Smith, Kepler evened the count at 2-2, fouled a pitch and then ripped a slider when the pitcher left it over the middle of the plate.

Immediately, Kepler thought he hit a home run. While his 400-foot drive would clear the fence in 20 of 30 ballparks, it bounced high off the wall at Target Field. Kepler made up for briefly watching the drive by racing into third base with a nifty slide.

	Max Kepler dives into third base after hitting a three-run triple in the seventh inning. (Bruce Kluckhohn / USA Today)

As he slid across the base, Kepler seemed to pose by leaning on his right arm and elbow while pointing to the dugout with his left. Recently, Kepler’s had other similar slides that bear striking resemblance to the popular “Draw me like one of your French girls” internet meme made famous by the movie “Titanic.”

“I pimped it a little too early,” said Kepler, who insists his slides have nothing to do with the famous movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. “Luckily, it took a bounce where I could advance to third, but I’m not that guy usually. I try and play the game hard. Hopefully, the baseball gods won’t be too mad at me for that one.”

The moment reflected Kepler’s mental state. Much to the enjoyment of his teammates and coaches, Kepler isn’t hesitating to show emotion, even though it’s not his nature.

Kepler normally is as low-key as they come. He’s soft-spoken and doesn’t seek media attention. His persona at times comes off as shy and difficult to read, even for those who spend entire seasons around him.

But as the Twins have rebounded, Kepler’s been more vocal and emotive. He confessed after Saturday’s game to loving the makeup of the team, a blend of talented rookies and veterans who are playing for one another and peaking at the right time.

“He’s in such a great spot,” hitting coach David Popkins said. “He’s controlling his environment of what he allows into his mind and doesn’t really let the outside sources (affect him). This game is already tough enough, there’s so much failure in it and the pitching is getting better than it ever has. You have days where it feels like the umpire is against you. You just have all these different variables and then you have fans saying stuff to him on Instagram. There’s a lot of things that were happening that have an effect on a player. I think he found a way to control what he’s allowing into his environment and control his zone, and you see it in how much fun he has, the smiling. This is the first time I’ve seen him have real fun when he’s playing, which is awesome to see.”

Not many could see it when Kepler carried a .631 OPS on June 6.

The cries for Kepler to be designated for assignment were growing. Nobody knew if he’d rebound. Baldelli pinch hit for Kepler late three times in seven games. Because Kepler is private and shows minimal emotion, some within the organization weren’t certain he wanted to be there.

Yet Kepler’s biggest advocate through it all, Twins president of baseball operations Derek Falvey, wouldn’t move on. Using the same approach as when he rejected what the team considered low-ball trade offers during the offseason, Falvey held onto Kepler and insisted there was a good player within.

“Any time a player is struggling with performance, the noise outside sometimes creeps inside the walls, too,” Falvey said. “It’s only natural for these guys to hear that and feel it. And then staff and others do feel it, too. The key for us is to create an environment that drowns out as much of that as possible and just focus on the things you can control. I think that’s what Max did through all of that. He felt some of those pressures. … But I would say that through that, he just found a way to keep showing up. And then I think what happened was he had a few of those balls fall for him.”

Not only did balls start to fall for Kepler, they began going over the wall and banging off it. Popkins said one key adjustment is a reduction in Kepler’s leg kick. The two also found a consistent routine that Kepler loves and is adamant about keeping.

Kepler insists the biggest key is good health.

In July 2022, Kepler fouled a pitch off his foot and suffered a fractured toe. After missing 10 games, Kepler played through the injury into early September and suffered at the plate, posting a .466 OPS over his final 109 plate appearances. He missed nine games earlier this season with right knee soreness and then tweaked his hamstring in May.

But since June, Kepler has been healthy.

“When the body feels good, then my mind feels good,” Kepler said. “Last year, I was playing with a fractured toe for a while, which, people might care or not, but it affected my game, personally. So I’m just happy to be healthy, mentally and physically.”

Apparently, he’s making his teammates happy, too.

Following Saturday’s game, Kepler was asked about his slides and said he puts little thought into them. While he admits to having watched “Titanic,” Kepler denied his poses are an homage — even if he knows his teammates love them.

“I’ve got some comments from my teammates that it’s one of their favorite slides,” Kepler said. “So I don’t know. I have to go rewatch it. I don’t know what I’m doing out there. I’m just having fun.”

(Photo of Max Kepler celebrating his three-run triple in the seventh inning: Bruce Kluckhohn / USA Today)

Dan Hayes is a senior writer for The Athletic covering the Minnesota Twins. Dan joined The Athletic after 5 1/2 years at NBC Sports Chicago and eight years at The North County Times, where he covered the Chicago White Sox, San Diego Padres, four World Series, the NBA Finals, NHL Stanley Cup Final, NASCAR, UFC, Little League World Series, PGA and the NFL. Follow Dan on Twitter @DanHayesMLB

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4848610/2023/09/09/twins-max-kepler-celebrations/ 
 ----- 
