CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 04:19, September 7, 2024 | Updated: 08:49, September 7, 2024
Uruguay's Suarez bids farewell in goalless draw with Paraguay
By Reuters
Share
Uruguay's forward Luis Suarez waves during his farewell ceremony to the national team after the 2026 FIFA World Cup South American qualifiers football match between Uruguay and Paraguay at the Centenario stadium in Montevideo, on Sept 6, 2024. (PHOTO / AFP)

MONTEVIDEO - Paraguay held Uruguay to a goalless draw in their South American World Cup qualifier on Friday, with striker Luis Suarez bringing his 17-year international career to an end at the Centenario stadium in Montevideo.

Reaching 143 appearances for Uruguay, Suarez, a cornerstone of the national team since 2007 and its all-time leading scorer with 69 goals, was given the captain's armband by manager Marcelo Bielsa for his last match.

And the Inter Miami star came close to making his final appearance a memorable one, striking a stunning volley in the 18th minute that ricocheted off the post.

Uruguay's forward Luis Suarez (first right) and his wife Sofia Babi (first left) hang with his children Benjamin (second left), Lautaro (third left) and Delfina (second right) from the goal named after him during his farewell ceremony to the national team after the 2026 FIFA World Cup South American qualifiers football match between Uruguay and Paraguay at the Centenario stadium in Montevideo, on Sept 6, 2024. (PHOTO / AFP)
Uruguay's Luis Suarez (center) challenges Paraguay's Omar Alderete during a qualifying soccer match for the FIFA World Cup 2026, in Montevideo, Uruguay, on Sept 6, 2024. (PHOTO / AP)

Suarez played the full 90 minutes and received a prolonged standing ovation after the final whistle as each of his 69 Uruguay goals was shown on the venue's two giant screens.

There was also a moving video message from his good friend and Inter Miami teammate Lionel Messi that almost brought Suarez to tears as he watched on from the center of the pitch surrounded by his family.

Among the 60,000 people present at the stadium were former Uruguay manager Oscar Tabarez and ex-teammates Diego Godin, Diego Forlan and Diego Lugano.

Paraguay's defender Junior Alonso (left) and Uruguay's midfielder Nahitan Nandez fight for the ball during the 2026 FIFA World Cup South American qualifiers football match between Uruguay and Paraguay at the Centenario stadium in Montevideo, on Sept 6, 2024. (PHOTO / AFP)
Paraguay's Isidro Pitta (front) and Uruguay's Nahitan Nandez go for a header during a qualifying soccer match for the FIFA World Cup 2026, in Montevideo, Uruguay, on Sept 6, 2024. (PHOTO / AP)

Bielsa's side, who finished third in the Copa America, played without five players from their starting line-up, including Darwin Nunez, who were suspended for their involvement in clashes with fans following the defeat to Colombia in the continental showpiece in July.

Uruguay wasted several chances, most notably a first-half right-footed volley from Suarez that struck the post after Facundo Pellistri's cross.

Paraguay also created clear-cut opportunities, with Miguel Almiron coming closest only to be denied by goalkeeper Sergio Rochet, but neither side managed to capitalize.

READ MORE: Uruguay beat Canada on penalties to finish third at Copa America 2024

Uruguay remain second in the World Cup qualifying standings on 14 points, four behind leaders Argentina. They face Venezuela on Tuesday, while Paraguay take on Brazil.

 

With Xinhua inputs

Share
ALSO READ
MORE
Team spirit sees soccer achieve another goal
Chinese table tennis stars Fan and Chen quit world rankings
Gao, Zhang inspire China to opening win at United Cup
Amorim struggles as Premier League's other Portuguese coaches thrive
Dominant Brighton forced to settle for 0-0 draw with Brentford
Arsenal's Saka out for more than two months after hamstring surgery
Arsenal climb to second with 1-0 win over struggling Ipswich
Top 10 world athletes of 2024
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columnists
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2024. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/592477 
 ----- 
