Menu
New Zealand eager to take on big nations, says U-20 skipper Manaia Elliott
 posted in: FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup, National teams, News |

Often footballers start planning for their post-playing career from quite a young age; some doing their coaching badges, earning university degrees, starting up their own business or getting skilled up in a trade.

It’s fair to say New Zealand’s Manaia Elliott won’t be taking up a paintbrush and easel when that day comes.

“The other day in camp we had a drawing competition where we were in pairs and had to do portraits of each other. Firstly, we started with not taking the pen off the paper, then we had to use our left hand, then our feet and after that just a normal one.

“I did alright with my toes but I don’t think I have much of a future there, although there were some artists in the group for sure!”

The group the 19-year-old refers to are the New Zealand U-20 Women’s World Cup squad, currently in Colombia and preparing to face an almighty challenge first-up in the form of Japan, champions at France 2018 and runners-up at Costa Rica 2022.

New Zealand have been ever-presents at the tournament, qualifying for eight of the 11 editions, with the high-water mark being a quarter-final finish at Canada 2014.

Hailing from a nation of barely five million means though that New Zealand have greater challenges than many others in Colombia but, as Elliott tells FIFA, that won’t hold them back from doing as best as they can at the South American showpiece.

“We’d love to make it out of the group stage; we have a tough group and we’re prepared for every opponent but we’d definitely love to get out of the group stage.

New Zealand’s Manaia Elliott (9) taking on the Fiji defence during last year’s OFC U-19 Women’s Championship. Photo credit: OFC Media / Kirk Corrie / Phototek.

“It’s important not to forget that New Zealand is such a small nation and that so many other teams like us in Oceania have started this journey so much later than teams in Europe and elsewhere.

“You can really see the progression though of the women’s national team and we’ve had results at the past at the Under-17 Women’s World Cup [finishing third at Uruguay 2018], so we’re really looking forward to playing Japan in the first match.

“We don’t underestimate how good they are but we are definitely preparing ourselves and think we can put up a good challenge.”

With 16 of the current 21-strong squad featuring at the previous edition of the FIFA U-17 Women’s World Cup – where current U-20s coach Leon Birnie was also in charge – Elliott feels squad cohesion and experience is a real factor in why New Zealand are not a nation to be underestimated at Colombia 2024.

“It’s quite a big thing that we have so many of the girls who have been with the team since Under-17 level; as opposed to other countries we don’t have as much time together but we had some really important time playing Australia in July [drawing two friendly matches with the Young Matildas] and I can really see the progression in the team.

“The excitement is definitely there and it’s been so cool to see the girls make their own pathways. There’s a huge buzz around how much we’ve developed over the last two years since the Under-17 World Cup and to see everyone performing at such a high level means we’re all really excited [for how we will do in Colombia].”

Those pathways have seen the squad rise from a variety of backgrounds to the very top level of the game in New Zealand.

Manaia Elliott in action against Papua New Guinea at last year’s OFC U-19 Women’s Championship. Photo credit: OFC Media / Kirk Corrie / Phototek.

While the journey that Elliott took as a young girl is far from unusual in growing up playing on boys’ teams, the fact that she only stopped playing with the boys in 2022, when she joined the Wellington Phoenix academy, is certainly far from the norm.

“I started playing from a young age but when my family moved to Cambridge, I trialled for the girls’ team and they decided to put me with the boys and I ended up playing with them ever since. I’ve always enjoyed playing with boys and they’ve always pushed me a lot more than the girls and think that’s made me able to stand out when I then go and play with girls.

“Physically, tactically and mentally there’s a lot of challenges playing with boys; I know everyone will say that when you’re young a big part of staying in the sport is the social aspect so I still think it’s important that girls get that through socialising in a girls team. However to be pushed and excel, then playing with male counterparts is definitely a big part of that.”

Acknowledgement

We thank FIFA.com for providing this story.

About the New Zealand squad

The New Zealand squad features 13 players based in Aotearoa New Zealand and eight who play internationally in Australia, England, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Switzerland, and the United States.

Two players selected, Milly Clegg and Ruby Nathan, have been capped for the Ford Football Ferns, as well as three players, Aimee Danieli, Manaia Elliott, and Emma Pijnenburg, who have been called up to senior national team squads.

Sixteen of Birnie’s side for the 2024 tournament were part of his FIFA U-17 Women’s World Cup team in 2022.

New Zealand squad

Amber Bennett (Cashmere Technical, Aotearoa New Zealand)
Zoe Benson (Eastern Suburbs, Aotearoa New Zealand)
Kiara Bercelli (U.C. Sampdoria, Italy)
Daisy Brazendale (Wellington Phoenix, Aotearoa New Zealand)
Milly Clegg (Racing Louisville, United States)
Lara Colpi (BSC Young Boys, Switzerland)
Aimee Danieli (Wellington Phoenix, Aotearoa New Zealand)
Manaia Elliott (Wellington Phoenix, Aotearoa New Zealand)
Helena Errington (Unattached)
Ella Findlay (Western Springs, Aotearoa New Zealand)
Marie Green (Wellington Phoenix, Aotearoa New Zealand)
Suya Haering (FFC Turbine Potsdam, Germany)
Olivia Ingham (Wellington Phoenix, Aotearoa New Zealand)
Maddie Iro (High Point University, United States)
Ella McCann (Wellington Phoenix, Aotearoa New Zealand)
Zoe McMeeken (Wellington Phoenix, Aotearoa New Zealand)
Ella McMillan (Wellington Phoenix, Aotearoa New Zealand)
Ruby Nathan (Canberra United, Australia)
Olivia Page (Sheffield United, England)
Emma Pijnenburg (Feyenoord Rotterdam, Netherlands)
Rebekah Trewhitt (Wellington Phoenix, Aotearoa New Zealand)

Tournament draw

Group A

Colombia
Australia
Cameroon
Mexico

Group B

France
Canada
Brazil
Fiji

Group C

Spain
United States
Paraguay
Morocco

Group D

Germany
Venezuela
Nigeria
Korea Republic

Group E

Japan
New Zealand
Ghana
Austria

Group F

Korea DPR
Argentina
Costa Rica
Netherlands
Fixtures

Game to be played on Tuesday September 3, 2024 (NZT)

Japan v New Zealand
El Techo Stadium, Bogotá, 1pm (NZT)

Game to be played on Friday September 6, 2024 (NZT)

Austria v New Zealand
El Techo Stadium, Bogotá, 1pm (NZT)

Game to be played on Monday September 9, 2024 (NZT)

New Zealand v Ghana
Pascual Guerrero Stadium, Cali, 11am (NZT)

Full schedule

The full tournament schedule can be downloaded here >>>>

READ MORE: Mascot unveiled as anticipation builds for FIFA U-20 Women’s World Cup >>>>

Past winners

2002: USA
2004: Germany
2006: DPR Korea
2008: USA
2010: Germany
2012: USA
2014: Germany
2016: DPR Korea
2018: Japan
2022: Spain

This story was first published on August 20, 2024.

More football stories
[adrotate banner=”166″]
[adrotate banner=”155″]
[adrotate banner=”86″]
FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup, Manaia Elliott
Previous Post
Next Post
Recent Posts
Previous
PREVIEW: Double injury blow as Phoenix try to turn around men’s A-League form

The Wellington Phoenix will be without international Marco Rojas for up to four weeks due...

PREVIEW: Auckland FC to take on defending A-League champions Mariners

Auckland FC have named their squad to face defending men’s A-League champions Central Coast Mariners...

Winger Norman Garbett lands new contract with League of Ireland’s Dundalk

New Zealand U-20 men’s international Norman Garbett has signed a new deal to rejoin League...

Mayoral awards honour Taupo stalwarts John McCartney and Greg Willars

Long-serving Taupõ AFC volunteers John McCartney and Greg Willars have been recognised for their contribution...

Outgoing Albany United president Kieron Henare receives Life Membership

Kieron Henare has become the latest Life Member of Auckland’s Albany United after concluding his...

Men’s U-17 coach Martin Bullock is first to achieve Pro Licence in Oceania

New Zealand U-17 men’s coach Martin Bullock has become the first coach in Oceania to...

Petone’s Ashnarvy Mustapha signs professional contract with Cambodian club

Wellington footballer Ashnarvy Mustapha has signed his first professional contract, joining Cambodian Premier League club...

PREVIEW: Phoenix get chance to spoil women’s A-League leaders’ unbeaten run

In-form Wellington Phoenix want to finish 2024 as the team that topples unbeaten women’s A-League...

PREVIEW: Double injury blow as Phoenix try to turn around men’s A-League form

The Wellington Phoenix will be without international Marco Rojas for up to four weeks due...

PREVIEW: Auckland FC to take on defending A-League champions Mariners

Auckland FC have named their squad to face defending men’s A-League champions Central Coast Mariners...

Winger Norman Garbett lands new contract with League of Ireland’s Dundalk

New Zealand U-20 men’s international Norman Garbett has signed a new deal to rejoin League...

Mayoral awards honour Taupo stalwarts John McCartney and Greg Willars

Long-serving Taupõ AFC volunteers John McCartney and Greg Willars have been recognised for their contribution...

Outgoing Albany United president Kieron Henare receives Life Membership

Kieron Henare has become the latest Life Member of Auckland’s Albany United after concluding his...

Men’s U-17 coach Martin Bullock is first to achieve Pro Licence in Oceania

New Zealand U-17 men’s coach Martin Bullock has become the first coach in Oceania to...

Petone’s Ashnarvy Mustapha signs professional contract with Cambodian club

Wellington footballer Ashnarvy Mustapha has signed his first professional contract, joining Cambodian Premier League club...

PREVIEW: Phoenix get chance to spoil women’s A-League leaders’ unbeaten run

In-form Wellington Phoenix want to finish 2024 as the team that topples unbeaten women’s A-League...

PREVIEW: Double injury blow as Phoenix try to turn around men’s A-League form

The Wellington Phoenix will be without international Marco Rojas for up to four weeks due...

PREVIEW: Auckland FC to take on defending A-League champions Mariners

Auckland FC have named their squad to face defending men’s A-League champions Central Coast Mariners...

Winger Norman Garbett lands new contract with League of Ireland’s Dundalk

New Zealand U-20 men’s international Norman Garbett has signed a new deal to rejoin League...

Next
SEARCH OUR SITE
Search for:

Click on links for more information

FEBRUARY

February 8: Seasons start for women’s and men’s Futsal Superleagues.

February 8-14: OFC Men’s Champions League – qualifying, Cook Islands (click here for details).

Sunday February 23 (1pm NZT): Costa Rica v Football Ferns, Estadio Alejandro Morera Soto, Alajuela, San José, Costa Rica (click here for details).

Wednesday February 26 (11am NZT): Costa Rica v Football Ferns, Estadio Alejandro Morera Soto, Alajuela, San José, Costa Rica (click here for details).

MARCH

March 1-31: Girls and women’s month.

March 7-13: OFC U-19 Women’s Championship – qualifying, Tonga.

Friday March 21 (3pm, 7pm): Semi-finals, FIFA Men’s World Cup OFC qualifiers, Sky Stadium, Wellington (click here for details)

Saturday March 22: Seasons start for Northern League, Lotto NRFL Women’s Premiership, Lotto NRFL Men’s Championship.

Monday March 24 (7pm): Final, FIFA Men’s World Cup OFC qualifiers, Eden Park, Auckland (click here for details)

Saturday March 29: Seasons start for Lotto NRFL Women’s Championship, Lotto NRFL Men’s Northern & Southern Conferences, NRF Men’s League One.

Saturday March 29: Seasons start for Central League, Central League 2, Women’s Central League.

March 31-April 8: FIFA international window (women).

March 30 -April 12: OFC Men’s Champions League, Solomon Islands (click here for details).

APRIL

April 26-May 2: OFC U-16 Women’s Championship – qualifying, Cook Islands.

April 26-27: Preliminary rounds for Chatham Cup, Kate Sheppard Cup.

MAY

May 3-9: OFC U-16 Men’s Championship – qualifying, Tonga.

May 4-17: OFC Women’s Champions League, Tahiti.

May 10-11: First rounds of Chatham Cup, Kate Sheppard Cup.

May 16-18: Grand final, women’s A-League (click here for details)

May 26-June 3: FIFA international window (women).

May 30-June 1: Grand final, men’s A-League (click here for details)

May 31-June 1: Second rounds of Chatham Cup, Kate Sheppard Cup.

JUNE

June 2-10: FIFA international window (men).

June 14-15: Third rounds of Chatham Cup, Kate Sheppard Cup.

June 15-July 13: FIFA Club World Cup, United States (click here for details)

Monday June 16 (6am NZT): Auckland City v Bayern Munich, FIFA Club World Cup, TQL Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio (click here for details).

Saturday June 20 (6am NZT): Auckland City v Benfica, FIFA Club World Cup, Inter&Co Stadium, Orlando, Florida (click here for details).

Wednesday June 24 (7am NZT): Auckland City v Boca Juniors, FIFA Club World Cup, Geodis Park, Nashville, Tennessee (click here for details).

June 23-July 1: FIFA international window (women).

JULY

July 4-19: OFC Women’s Nations Cup, Fiji.

July 5-6: Round four of Chatham Cup.

July 5-6: Quarter-finals of Kate Sheppard Cup.

July 26-27: Quarter-finals of Chatham Cup.

AUGUST

August 1-14: OFC U-16 Women’s Championship, Samoa.

August 15-20: OFC U-16 Men’s Championship, Solomon Islands.

August 16-17: Semi-finals of Kate Sheppard Cup.

August 16-17: Semi-finals of Chatham Cup.

SEPTEMBER

September 2-9: FIFA international window (men).

September 6-7: Final of Chatham Cup.

September 6-7: Final of Kate Sheppard Cup.

September 17-24: University of Auckland at FISU Men’s Football World Cup, China.

September 20-24: OFC Futsal Men’s Cup, Solomon Islands.

September 21-October 4: OFC U-19 Women’s Championship, Tahiti.

September 27-October 19: FIFA U-20 Men’s World Cup, Chile.

September 27-28: Season starts for men’s and women’s National Leagues.

OCTOBER

October 6-14: FIFA international window (men).

October 17-November 8: FIFA U-17 Women’s World Cup, Morocco (click here for details).

October 20-28: FIFA international window (women).

October 20-31: Launch tournament, OFC Pro League, venue TBD.

NOVEMBER

November 6-27: FIFA U-17 Women’s World Cup, Qatar.

November 10-18: FIFA international window (men).

November 17-22: OFC Futsal Men’s Champions League, Fiji.

November 21-December 7: FIFA Futsal Women’s World Cup, Philippines (click here for details)

November 24-December 2: Match 1 & 2, 2027 FIFA Women’s World Cup Oceania qualifiers, Cook Islands.

DECEMBER

December 13-14: Grand finals of men’s and women’s National Leagues.

 Football headlines
Enzo Maresca confirms injury for Chelsea midfielder
Liverpool to make surprise decision on Federico Chiesa?
Man Utd attacker has 'concrete interest' ahead of January
Juventus reject Marcus Rashford, want his teammate instead
Arsenal and Man Utd eyeing Spanish star on free transfer?
Man Utd make move to sign PSG defender
Predicted Arsenal line-up (4-3-3) vs Ipswich Town, Calafiori starts
Arsenal identify AC Milan star as Saka replacement?
Man Utd among clubs interested in Wolves sensation
Arsenal want to sign 25yo Brazilian star from PL club?
 90-minutes news
RANKED: The 6 best players of Premier League Gameweek 18
How Ruben Amorim's Man Utd record after 10 games compares to every post-Ferguson manager
Man City predicted lineup vs Leicester - Premier League
Liverpool predicted lineup vs West Ham - Premier League
Tottenham predicted lineup vs Wolves - Premier League
Arsenal 1-0 Ipswich: Match report & talking points as Gunners move into second place
Arsenal 1-0 Ipswich: Player ratings as Havertz fires Gunners to victory
Aston Villa learn outcome of Jhon Duran red card appeal
Tottenham face defensive injury crisis as pressure mounts on Ange Postecoglou
Cristiano Ronaldo defends Ruben Amorim and slams 'sick' Man Utd
Search for:

© 2024 Friends of Football Site designed by Hurricane Press Ltd using - WordPress Theme by Kadence WP
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.friendsoffootballnz.com/2024/09/02/new-zealand-eager-to-take-on-big-nations-says-u-20-skipper-manaia-elliott/ 
 ----- 
