Leagues
Schools
Clubs
Coaches
Tournaments
States
Australian Open
JOIN
LOG IN
PLAY
LEARN
NEWS AND EVENTS
START
PLAYING
Leagues
	
Schools
	
Clubs
	
Coaches
	
States
	
Tournaments
	
Australian Open
	
TV Guide
News & Features
Players & Rankings
Pro Tournaments
Events
Subscribe
Tennis Australia
> News and Events
> News and Features
> All News
> Alex de Minaur: Championing Weet-Bix™ and inspiring the next generation
ALEX DE MINAUR: CHAMPIONING WEET-BIX™ AND INSPIRING THE NEXT GENERATION

'Weet-Bix Kid' and Aussie tennis superstar Alex de Minaur is in career-best form and encouraging young people around Australia to pick up a racquet.

5 June 2024 | Tennis Australia 2 207 

With an inspirational run at this year’s Roland Garros, Alex de Minaur is adding to a career-best season whilst inspiring young athletes across Australia.

Alongside being one of the most recognisable faces in Australian sport, De Minaur is aligned to one of Australia’s most recognisable brands in Weet-Bix™.

The top-ranked Aussie joins soccer star Mary Fowler, 13-year-old Mt Kosciusko climbing sensation Eva Kalpidis, and cricketers Ellyse Perry and Marnus Labuschagne, as the five Australian athletes that are ‘Weet-Bix Kids’ ambassadors.

The partnership aligns De Minaur’s dynamic career and strong sportsmanship values with Weet-Bix’s commitment to fostering an active and healthy lifestyle.

To fuel his body on the mornings before a match, the world No.11 loves to start his day with four Weet-Bix and honey.

Weet-Bix’s connection to tennis in Australia is strengthened by it proudly supporting the AO Holiday Programs.

De Minaur also features off the court for AO Holiday Programs presented by Weet-Bix at the exciting  AO Holiday Programs content hub.

The content hub features a variety of games, tips and content for kids to ace it off the court during the school holidays.

AO Holiday Programs presented by Weet-Bix engage children in physical activity during school holidays, offering them the chance to develop their tennis skills in a supportive environment.

“At the AO Holiday Program presented by Weet-Bix, kids not only improve their tennis skills but also develop important life skills such as teamwork, communication, and sportsmanship,” Jonathan Bence, Youth Program Specialist at Tennis Australia said.

“We strive to create a supportive and inclusive environment where every child feels valued and empowered to reach their full potential.”

The AO Holiday Programs provide a structured setting where kids can stay active and learn essential life skills.

Through these programs, Weet-Bix supports the next generation of Australian tennis talent, inspiring young athletes to pursue their dreams with the right nutrition and attitude.

Visit aoholidayprograms.tennis.com.au to find a program near you!

RELATED AUSSIE PROFILE
Alex de Minaur
LATEST
Joint books former world No.1 clash in Brisbane, Vukic stuns Goffin
United Cup: De Minaur fires for Australia before Argentina triumphs
Aussies aim to build on career bests in Brisbane
View more
SIMILAR
United Cup: De Minaur fires for Australia before Argentina triumphs
No place like home as Alex De Minaur makes United Cup return
Australian Tennis Awards spotlight future champions, grassroots power
Search
Play
Leagues
For Parents
Tournaments
Coaching
Inclusion & Diversity
Performance Pathways
Cardio Tennis
Juniors
Learn
Policies
What is tennis?
How to Play
Rules & Scoring
Ways to play
Benefits
Health & Fitness
Courts & Surfaces
News and Events
TV Guide
News & Features
Players & Rankings
Pro Tournaments
Events
Subscribe
About TA
Australian Tennis Foundation
Serving Our Community
Careers
National Strategy
Reports, Publications and National Policies
Partners
Media
Tennis Australia Board and Executive Team
© Copyright 2024 Tennis Australia
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy
Privacy Statement
Conditions of Use
ShareThis Copy and Paste
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.tennis.com.au/news/2024/06/05/alex-de-minaur-championing-weet-bix-and-inspiring-the-next-generation 
 ----- 
