Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
FIGURE SKATING
Opinion | Canada won’t medal in singles at the world figure skating championships. It’s the journey that’s important
Updated March 21, 2024 at 4:00 p.m.
March 20, 2024
4 min read
Save

Wesley Chiu of Canada practises ahead of the 2024 ISU world figure skating championships in Montreal on Wednesday.

Christinne Muschi / CP Photo
By Rosie DiMannoStar Columnist

Rosie DiManno is a Toronto-based columnist covering sports and current affairs for the Star. Follow her on Twitter: @rdimanno.

MONTREAL—For Madeline Schizas it was about addressing what her coach calls the “twiddly bits’’ and taking a bead on the Top 10.

For Wesley Chiu it’s about making a good first impression on judges, still a boychik on the grand stage of figure skating.

Neither of Canada’s leading singles skaters are going to cop a medal at the world championships this week, nor come anywhere close to a podium. But they still are among the 200 best skaters on the planet strutting their stuff at the Bell Centre.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Schizas isn’t even the reigning Canadian champion, dethroned by 17-year-old Kaiya Ruiter in January. Chiu did seize those laurels in Calgary, his first national crown — twice bronze in the previous two years — but on the strength of a dominating short program, just third in a free skate where he fell on a quad toe loop, turned a planned quad Salchow into a double and tumbled on a triple Axel.

Yet Skate Canada invested Schizas with the one spot Canada has qualified for women because Ruiter didn’t have the minimum seniors scores required for big girl worlds. Which strongly suggests that Skate Canada hadn’t sent other girls to enough international events, just in case Schizas had been struck by an injury. In any event, dispatched to world juniors in Taipei last month, Ruiter bombed, finishing 21st — 10 spots behind Canada’s junior champion Lulu Lin.

Chiu, meanwhile, is accompanied in Montreal by teammate Roman Sadovsky, who finished fifth at nationals. Because the 24-year-old — 2020 men’s national champion — is ranked higher on the world depth chart than any other Canadian male not named Wesley. Which says a lot, none of it very good, about the quality of singles skating in this alleged powerhouse nation at this moment.

Go figure, in skating.

Schizas, the two-time Canadian title-holder whose best acquittal in three previous world championships was 12th in 2022, finished sixth at Four Continents six weeks ago, albeit pulling herself up from ninth in the short program. She was particularly displeased with technical scores that reflected under-rotation on her triple loop and a level three on her final spin.

“Sometimes it’s in your favour and sometimes it isn’t. I was not thrilled with that.’’

Immediately, Schizas and her coaches Nancy Lemaire and Alison Purkiss did a forensic autopsy of her performances. “We watched the entire event and we looked at all of those scores … every single place where I could get more points.’’

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

The obvious pieces — jumps — but all the spins and step sequences. “We just ripped apart both programs to try and find more points.’’

Analyzing the details — those twiddly bits — in the short and moving up a layback spin because there hadn’t been sufficient time where it had been placed earlier, at the end of the program, to cleanly execute all the features required to obtain level four marks. No major adjustment in the long, apart from swapping out a triple-toe combination for a double Axel combo.

Upon her return from Shanghai, Schizas re-cut her short program music — “Farrucas’’ and “Soleá Grana’’ — then made a beeline for London, Ont., to consult with choreographer Scott Moir. “We’ve moved a spin, can you help me with this?’’

Oh, and Schizas also got a new outfit for her “Summertime’’ free routine. “My mother told me it was my money and I could do what I want with it. It wasn’t going to make a difference, but I still wanted a new costume.”

The new colour pops brighter. “You can see me better on the ice. Before, I was like a speck.’’

A four-foot-11 speck.

Feedback from a simulation in Waterloo was helpful, particularly from an official who’s on the judge’s panel in Montreal, where the seniors’ competition gets underway Wednesday.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

She’s done all the work, the prep, and put her head in a good place for this event, accentuating the performance aspect. “Really honing in to the character.’’

That, the 21-year-old believes, will finally lift her into top 10 territory. “I think it’s a really doable goal for me. That’s been my goal the last couple of years and I’ve just barely missed it. This is the most prepared I’ve ever felt. I’m excited to show everybody that.’’

Excited to ta-da as a senior at his debut worlds would likewise describe Chiu, from Richmond B.C., who turns 20 on Wednesday, when the senior competition launches. His wobbly free skate at nationals notwithstanding, he did land a points-plumping quad-triple combination and triple Axel in Calgary.

“What I’m most looking forward to is competing at home. I had the privilege to compete at home at junior worlds’’ — also in Calgary last year — “and that was such an amazing experience. Now I’m taking the next step forward, competing at the senior world championships in Montreal. So I’m really looking forward to that and performing my best in front of a Canadian crowd.’’

The part-time university student is keen to introduce himself at this level. Since much of his development occurred during the pandemic years, in empty arenas, he’s something of an enigma. What’s known is that he’s long been mentored by coach Keegan Murphy.

“He’s been with me since the beginning,’’ Chiu told reporters in a pre-event conference call. Best advice he ever received from Murphy? “Staying in the moment, focusing on the performance. Part of my personality is that I overthink quite a bit, especially on my jumps. I’ve learned to focus more, staying committed to each movement. That also helps with technical because I focus on what I’m doing right now, not what’s ahead.’’

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Murphy had sat down with Chiu before this season to strategize and crystalize objectives. “He told me one of my goals should be to go to worlds and to win nationals. I sort of just laughed. Because at the time it seemed a little bit unattainable.’’

But the season started well, the only dip — he frowns at the memory — was an 11th place result at NHK. Top 12 in Montreal is well within his capacity, showing off the spectrum his talents in a lyrical “Romeo and Juliet’’ short program and energetic “Kill Bill’’ long. He’s been training a quad Salchow and quad Lutz but had planned to include only the quad toe here.

“It’s been quite a journey so far, lots of ups and a few downs. But I’m happy with where I’m at. It’s hard to control placements and how I rank against other guys.

“My goal is really to put out two strong performances and the results will follow.’’

Correction — March 21, 2024

This story has been updated from a previously published version to correct that Wesley Chiu’s coach is Keegan Murphy, not Keegan Messing.

Opinion articles are based on the author’s interpretations and judgments of facts, data and events. More details

 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
GTA
99.5 per cent didn’t get teen into the University of Waterloo but it got him to where he was meant to be
13 hrs ago
DEVELOPING
Jetliner skids off runway and bursts into flames while landing in South Korea, killing 179
1 min ago
GTA
I went digging in Toronto’s vinyl shops. I found more than music
13 hrs ago
UNITED STATES
Jimmy Carter, the 39th US president, has died at 100
56 mins ago
EDITORIAL CARTOON
OPINION
Greg Perry: 51st state
15 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Jaime Watt: Advice to progressives: public rage is real and the politics of joy is dead
7 hrs ago
BUSINESS
Looking to change jobs in 2025? You’re never too old, and financial security needs to be near the top of your wish list
15 hrs ago
DEVELOPING
Toronto under heavy rainfall warning, city says ‘storm readiness plan’ in place to watch for possible flooding
3 hrs ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Sports
FOOTBALL
NFC’s No. 1 seed comes down to Vikings-Lions showdown at Detroit in Week 18
11 mins ago
Comments
FOOTBALL
Moment of silence for former President Jimmy Carter held before the Falcons-Commanders game
Article was updated 31 mins ago
Comments
RAPTORS
Trae Young leads Hawks past Raptors 136-107; Toronto has season-high 31 turnovers
Article was updated 19 mins ago
Comments
BASKETBALL
Haliburton scores 31 points as Pacers rebound from 37-point loss to Celtics by winning rematch
46 mins ago
Comments
HOCKEY
Crosby breaks Lemieux’s Penguins career assists record in 3-2 victory over the Islanders
56 mins ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/sports/skating/canada-wont-medal-in-singles-at-the-world-figure-skating-championships-its-the-journey-thats/article_5d89b954-e53f-11ee-9fdb-07c1f83f130f.html 
 ----- 
