Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
10 months ago
SportCricket
Nepal vs Netherlands LIVE: Cricket score and updates from ICC Men's Cricket World Cup League 2
Follow all the action from Mulpani International Cricket Ground
Luke Baker
Thursday 15 February 2024 22:30 EST
0
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
A general view of a cricket ball (Getty Images)

Follow live coverage of Nepal vs Netherlands from the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup League 2 today.

The ICC Test Championship sees nine teams compete across a two-year cycle of matches before a two-team final decides the winner. The inaugural competition was won by New Zealand after a thrilling victory over India in June 2021.

The 50-over World Cup is far older and has been competed for since back in 1975. Australia are the record winners having run out victorious on five occasions (1987, 1999, 2003, 2007 and 2015). England took the 2019 crown after a dramatic Ben Stokes-inspired super-over win over New Zealand at Lord's.

The shortest form of the game sees teams compete in Twenty20. The newest format has been an instant global hit with a number of hugely-lucrative competitions massively popular all over the world. Australia are reigning world champions having taken victory in the 2021 tournament.

Follow all the latest live coverage of today's match in the live blog below:

10 months ago
Nepal vs Netherlands

Nepal win by 9 wickets

17 February 2024 08:03
Promoted stories
District Of Columbia Residents Are Ditching Knee Pain With This
REJUVAKNEE | KNEE-PAIN RELIEF
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
10 months ago
Nepal vs Netherlands

15.2

FOUR! Max O'Dowd to Anil Sah. Off break full toss, off stump on the front foot driving, well timed past long off for 4 runs.

17 February 2024 08:03
10 months ago
Nepal vs Netherlands

14.6

Kyle Klein to Aasif Sheikh. Length ball, outside off stump on the back foot working, to short mid wicket for no runs, fielded by Engelbrecht.

17 February 2024 08:00
10 months ago
Nepal vs Netherlands

14.5

FOUR! Kyle Klein to Aasif Sheikh. Short, outside off stump on the back foot pulling, well timed in the air under control past deep backward square leg for 4 runs.

17 February 2024 07:59
10 months ago
Nepal vs Netherlands

14.4

Kyle Klein to Aasif Sheikh. Short, outside off stump on the back foot pulling, mis-timed in the air uncontrolled to deep backward square leg for 2 runs, run save by Croes.

17 February 2024 07:58
10 months ago
Nepal vs Netherlands

14.3

Kyle Klein to Anil Sah. Length ball, outside off stump on the front foot working, in the air under control to deep mid wicket for 1 run, fielded by Levitt.

17 February 2024 07:57
10 months ago
Nepal vs Netherlands

14.1

Kyle Klein to Anil Sah. Back of a length, outside off stump on the back foot defending, to silly mid off for no runs.

17 February 2024 07:56
10 months ago
Nepal vs Netherlands

13.6

Max O'Dowd to Aasif Sheikh. Leg spinner length ball, to leg on the back foot working, to mid wicket for no runs, fielded by Engelbrecht.

17 February 2024 07:55
10 months ago
Nepal vs Netherlands

13.5

Max O'Dowd to Aasif Sheikh. Leg spinner length ball, outside off stump on the back foot working, to short mid wicket for no runs, fielded by Engelbrecht.

17 February 2024 07:55
Promoted stories
Washington: These New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunning
BESTSEARCHNOW | SEARCH ADS
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
10 months ago
Nepal vs Netherlands

13.4

Max O'Dowd to Aasif Sheikh. Leg spinner length ball, off stump on the back foot working, to square leg for 2 runs, overthrow by Levitt, fielded by de Leede.

17 February 2024 07:54
Newer
1
 / 29
Older
More aboutODINetherlands Cricket
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
Promoted stories
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
Find out how LifeMD can improve your sleep. Easy prescription solutions that help you rest well. Save 50% and get free rush shipping today.
LIFEMD|Sponsored
Learn More
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
COMMONSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Click Here
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
TRUESEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
APEX LABS|Sponsored
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smallest and Most Accurate CGM
Dexcom G7 sends your glucose numbers right to your phone, watch, or receiver, so you’ll know how you’re doing with just a glance. Click here for safety information.
DEXCOM|Sponsored
Many Seniors Unaware Of Free Car Insurance Based O...
With affordable auto insurance options tailored specifically to the needs of seniors. You can save...
CAR INSURANCE PLANS|Sponsored
2024 Hyundai's Are Turning Heads
SEARCHTOPICS | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly by Searching Address (Take a Look)
INSTANT HOME VALUE LOOKUP|Sponsored
NEWS
Pregnant California teacher plunges 164 feet to her death after horror f...
NEWS
Trump reportedly complaining about Elon in private — and hates...
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value Of Your House Instantly (Take a Look)
"Discover your home's true value instantly with our easy-to-use calculator. Get a quick and accurate estimate now!"
HOME VALUE | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Learn More
Keep your business connected with Vodafone Business network and broadband deals
Sponsored Feature
PROMOTED BY THE INDEPENDENT|Sponsored
The Stained Glass Automatic Umbrella Is Taking District Of Columbia By Storm
Step out in style, rain or shine, with our vintage stained glass automatic umbrella! Its unique design and easy open-close function make it the perfect accessory for unpredictable weather.
GRISHAY|Sponsored
Read More
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
Ready for a challenge? This game was designed for the experienced and skillful mind.
HISTORY STRATEGY GAME|Sponsored
Play Game
NEWS
Two people found dead on JetBlue plane in Florida
CULTURE
Coronation Street axes yet another star after ‘cash crisis’
The Head Massager Is Taking District Of Columbia By Storm
Give your tired eyes the break they deserve. Our targeted eye therapy combines gentle pressure and temperature control to soothe eye strain, reduce puffiness, and ease tension from digital eye fatigue.
ZEKEAR|Sponsored
Shop Now
US
Only these people will be able to stop Trump from two years of chaos and harm
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/cricket/nepal-netherlands-live-stream-score-updates-b2497175.html 
 ----- 
