SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.

Analysis

Ben Simmons insists he is healthy and bites back at vocal critics, but it is time for his game to do the talking

By Chris De Silva

Topic:
Basketball

Thu 3 Oct
Thursday 3 October

Ben Simmons insists he is fully healthy after a three-year run that has been crippled by persistent back injuries. (Getty Images: Dustin Satloff)

abc.net.au/news/basketball-nba-ben-simmons-analysis-brooklyn-nets/104423390
Link copied
Share article

As the United States closes in on its presidential election this year, approval ratings have been all the buzz. 

If you took approval ratings of every single player in the NBA, you'd probably find Australia's Ben Simmons somewhere near the very bottom.

Since infamously flaming out of the playoffs with the Sixers in 2021, Simmons has endured a nightmarish three-year stretch that has seen him go from an All-Star to the butt of jokes in basketball circles. 

Now 28, Simmons is in the final year of a five-year, $US177 million deal. He will earn roughly $US40 million this season and will then become an unrestricted free agent. 

Has Audio Duration: 14 minutes 15 seconds.
Listen 14m

Giddey, Thybulle, Simmons and Mills: the Aussie NBA stories you need to know

For all intents and purposes, Simmons is playing for his NBA career this season. There is no more wiggle room left for one of basketball's most polarising players.

So far Simmons has played a total of 127 games since his monster rookie extension deal kicked in. Excluding the $40 million he's owed this season, that means each appearance he's made so far has cost his team roughly $1.07 million. 

Since being traded to the Nets two years ago, Simmons has averaged just 6.7 points, 6.7 rebounds and 6 assists in 57 appearances, hardly a great return on investment. 

Simmons has become one of the NBA's great enigmas over the past few seasons, and various theories have been thrown around about his staggering dip in production. 

Questions have been asked over whether he actually likes basketball. Is he simply just motivated by money and nothing else? 

One thing rings true about the past three years as it pertains to Simmons's plight on the court — it is obvious he has not been healthy. 

Ben Simmons has become known more for his flamboyant outfit choices while sidelined rather than his basketball play of late. (AP: John Minchillo)

A herniated disk and a nerve impingement have left Simmons requiring two different bouts of surgery on his troublesome back in the space of three years. The injuries have robbed him of the explosiveness he showcased during his All-Star years. There have been times where he has struggled to dunk the basketball, leading to comedic misses around the rim that have been mocked online ad nauseam.  

Speaking to reporters at the Nets' media day this week, Simmons said his back would be "locked up" the day after a game on occasions.

According to Simmons, he has not had "one setback" since his last back surgery six months ago, and he will be ready to go for the Nets' season opener against the Atlanta Hawks this month. He is confident after seeing a different set of surgeons for his latest procedure.

Unfortunately for the Australian, a series of false starts have caused the support for him to be at an all-time low, even though his ailments appear to be legitimate.

Last month, NBA legend Shaquille O'Neal nominated Simmons as his worst NBA player of all time, calling his fellow Louisiana State University (LSU) alum a "bum", dismissing his injury issues. 

"If you sign a contract for 250 [million], show me 250," he said in an interview with Complex.

"There's a reason why I walk funny, why I can't turn my neck … because I played for my 120 [million]. So you got guys like him [Simmons] that f*** the system up by making all this money and they can't f***ing play. I don't respect guys like that. 

"Every time I make these comments people think I'm hating, but these are facts. You got teachers, you got firemen, you got doctors who have real jobs and don't get paid shit."

The NBA world has gotten numb to the customary Simmons hype reel-type posts that come out from trainers he works with during the off-season, only for him to crash and burn once the season begins. 

This week, we've had more videos emerge of Simmons knocking down threes non-stop for about 30 seconds straight accompanied by eye emojis, only no-one cares anymore. 

The time for talking is now done, fans are ready to see the production in games. No-one wants to see Simmons cooking accountants in open gyms in the summer.

Simmons insisted on media day that he was unaware of the online commentary surrounding his career. 

"There's nothing to say to them because I don't really know them," he said of his vocal critics.

"I'm here to play basketball. For me, I took that time in Miami to rehab and get right and my priority is to play and to be healthy. 

"So all the other stuff that's being said, that's just words from people that obviously have something to say about something they don't know or understand or haven't got the information on."

There was a poignant moment from Simmons's media day press conference when he was reminded he is currently 14th all time on the NBA's triple-doubles list, tied with Boston Celtics legend Bob Cousy. Of Simmons's 36 career triple-doubles, just one has come in Nets colours, but he is confident he'll overtake Cousy this season.

As the question was asked, Simmons muttered "damn" to himself, before responding with, "I'm not that bad at basketball", almost like he had to remind himself of his own abilities on the court.

“I think people forget me as a player when I’m healthy, I can play basketball, I’m pretty good, right?" he said in a separate interview on media day.

Ben Simmons has managed just 57 games since being traded to the Nets during the 2021-22 season. (AP: Mary Altaffer)

"For me it’s just being consistent with that, and staying on top of my body. Getting better every day and staying in the gym with these guys."

That has been the saddest part of the Simmons story over the past three years, and what has frustrated fans the most. You don't make three All-Star teams and two All-Defensive teams by being bad at basketball. 

The good news for Simmons is, provided his body allows him to remain on the court, he is on a team that should suit to his style of play. 

For years, fans have fantasised about what a team centred around Simmons would look like, particularly during his time in Philadelphia. Simmons's level of play was so high at points that it was a legitimate talking point as to whether the 76ers should trade Joel Embiid and build around the Aussie instead. 

Now they'll get to see it. 

Under new head coach Jordi Fernandez, who has spent time as an assistant with the Sacramento Kings and Denver Nuggets over the past eight years, the Nets project to play an exciting brand of basketball, one that should see them among the league leaders in pace.

Ben Simmons has made three All-Star teams during his career, but none since the 2020-21 season. (Getty Images: Ivan Shum)

That should suit Simmons, who has been excellent in the open floor throughout his career. 

"It's a more European style of play, pushing the ball and you're playing one through five," Simmons said of his new coach's style.

"Just having Jordi in there is kind-of refreshing and the style that he wants to play, he wants to play fast, get out and run and be one of the best-conditioned teams in the league. 

"He sees the game differently. I'm excited to learn from Jordi and see what he has to offer. That's basketball to me. You want to put guys in positions that they're going to succeed in and help the team win, so I have a lot of trust and faith in Jordi."

ABC Sport Daily podcast

ABC Sport Daily is your daily sports conversation. We dive into the biggest story of the day and get you up to speed with everything else that's making headlines.

Outside of veteran guard Dennis Schroder, the Nets possess a roster largely devoid of ball-handling, which should allow Simmons to do what he does best — make plays for teammates around him.

So far Simmons has said and done all the right things heading into training camp. He has spoken about being a leader and setting an example for his younger teammates.

The popular Vegas over-unders mark for the Nets is set at just 19.5 wins this season. If Simmons returns to somewhere near his old self, Brooklyn will rocket well past that mark, and he'll become a popular trade chip as an expiring contract for a playoff team at the trade deadline next year. 

If this season turns out to be another false dawn, it could signal the end of Simmons's time as a household name in the NBA. 

For a player who once drew comparisons to the likes of LeBron James and Magic Johnson while seeming destined for the Hall of Fame, that would be a sad ending.

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Thu 3 Oct 2024 at 8:28pm
Thursday 3 Oct 2024 at 8:28pm
Related stories

Topic:
Basketball

LeBron James hails 'joyous moment' of working with son Bronny
Photo shows LeBron James looks at Bronny James

Analysis by Chris De Silva

LeBron and his son playing on the same NBA team is historic — why is it making basketball fans uncomfortable?
Photo shows Bronny James and LeBron James

Analysis by Dean Bilton

For one night only, LeBron, Curry and Wemby make for the greatest show on earth
Photo shows Steph Curry makes a goodnight motion towards the crowd, which is celebrating wildly
Related topics

Australia

Basketball

Sport

Top Stories
Australian man Rory Sykes died in Los Angeles fires after water ran out, his mother says

Topic:
Fires

Photo shows Shelley Sykes and her son Rory Sykes wearing a suit
Black box missing last four minutes before crash, South Korea ministry says

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

Ukraine captures first North Korean soldiers, Zelenskyy claims

Topic:
Prisoners of War

CCTV images released of suspects in Sydney synagogue swastika vandalism

Topic:
Vandalism

Search underway for 77yo sailor believed missing off WA coast

Topic:
Missing Person

Just In
Ukraine captures first North Korean soldiers, Zelenskyy claims

Topic:
Prisoners of War

40m ago
40 minutes ago
David Moyes 'excited' to be back at Everton with club fighting for Premier League life

Topic:
Soccer

7m ago
7 minutes ago
Soul singer Sam Moore, who performed for Donald Trump in 2017, dead at 89

Topic:
Music

21m ago
21 minutes ago
Black box missing last four minutes before crash, South Korea ministry says

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

5h ago
5 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-10-04/basketball-nba-ben-simmons-analysis-brooklyn-nets/104423390 
 ----- 
