Skip to main content
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
YouTube
 
TikTok
 
Instagram
 
iOS App
 
Android App
Site search
Subscribe
My Account
Login
News
Sports
Politics
Outdoors
Arts & Entertainment
Life
Opinion
Video & Photo
U.S. & World
About The Denver Gazette
Obits
Local News 
Denver News
Aurora News
Colorado News
Crime & Courts
Environment
Wildfires
Weather
Colorado Watch Investigation
Transportation
Health
Coronavirus
Marijuana
Military
Obits
Submit a news tip
Sports 
Betting
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Colorado Rockies
CSU Rams
CU Buffs
Denver Broncos
Denver Nuggets
DU Pioneers
Golf
Olympics
Mark Kiszla
Paul Klee
Woody Paige
OutThere Colorado Politics 
Government
Elections
State Politics
National Politics
Business 
Sponsored Content
Contributor Content
Education Outdoors 
Whiteout
Skiing and Snowboarding
Colorado Trails
Trail Trax
Colorado State Parks
Colorful Colorado
Craving Colorado
Opinion 
Columns
Editorials
Send us a letter
US & World 
U.S. & World News
National Politics
Photo/Video 
News Photos
Sports Photos
Life Photos
Videos
Instagram
TikTok
Things To Do
Arts & Entertainment
Lifestyle
Arts & Culture
Comics
Horoscopes
Puzzles
Food, Dining & Beer
Music
More than a number: Aaron Gordon explains jersey change to honor late brother Drew
Aaron Gordon switched to No. 32 for the upcoming Denver Nuggets season.
By Vinny Benedetto vinny.benedetto@gazette.com Oct 2, 2024 Updated Oct 21, 2024 
1 of 4

Denver Nuggets Aaron Gordon in action during a preseason game between Boston Celtics and Denver Nuggets in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, Friday, Oct. 4, 2024. (AP Photo/Martin Dokoupil)

Martin Dokoupil

Nuggets forward Aaron Gordon shoots a 3-pointers during Nuggets training camp at Ball Arena on Friday, Sept. 27, 2024. (Stephen Swofford, Denver Gazette)

Stephen Swofford Denver Gazette

Sacramento Kings Drew Gordon, left, tries to drive around Dallas Mavericks Hamady N'Diaye, right, in the second quarter of an NBA Summer League basketball game, Saturday, July 13, 2013, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Julie Jacobson)

Julie Jacobson

New Mexico's Drew Gordon (32) runs up court in the second half of an NCAA college basketball tournament third-round game with Louisville in Portland, Ore., Saturday, March 17, 2012. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer)

Rick Bowmer
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link

This season is going to look, and feel, different for Aaron Gordon.

After wearing No. 50 to start his time in Denver, Gordon switched to No. 32 for the upcoming season. The former was a nod to the perfect score in the dunk contest, but 32 is a family number that became more meaningful after Gordon’s older brother, Drew, died May 30 following an automobile accident in Oregon.

“It was pretty natural. It makes sense. I think my entire family has grown up wearing 32. It’s almost like an ode to Magic Johnson, as well. That was one of my dad’s favorite players growing up, and it was my brother’s favorite number. That’s the number my sister played in, in college. I played in it in high school,” Gordon said Thursday at the team’s media day.

“It feels like home.”

Drew Gordon was 33. He starred at Archbishop Mitty, the same San Jose high school Aaron later attended, before playing his college ball at UCLA (2008-09) and New Mexico (2010-12). Nuggets coach Michael Malone first met Drew during his Summer League stint with Sacramento in 2013.

“To get that news that day, to hear about Drew’s tragic passing, I think it really resonated throughout the entire team and organization, because we are a family,” Malone said Saturday.

“A bunch of us went out to Portland this summer to participate in the celebration of life that they had. It’s such a weird thing to say about a celebration of a life, it was a beautiful event but a tragic thing to be at.”

 Denver Nuggets regain chips on shoulders, seek second championship in three seasons

Drew had recently retired from basketball — at 32 years old — after spending his final season in Japan. He played in nine NBA games for the 76ers in 2015. Other stops through his career included Serbia, Italy, Turkey, France, Lithuania, Russia, Poland and Ukraine. He was a fixture at Nuggets games and celebrated the team’s 2023 championship with Aaron and the rest of the team in Denver.

“I always leaned on my brother, and sometimes the relationships that I had outside of my own family were not as deep,” Aaron said. “Now that I understand that you can’t take any relationship for granted, these guys have been there for me every step of the way. They came to his service. They came to his funeral. These guys have been really, really super supportive for me, and I love them for that. … These are my brothers.”

 Nuggets notebook: Aaron Gordon, Calvin Booth's mutual interest in contract extension; Jamal Murray's new deal

Malone floated the idea of the team doing something during the season to honor Drew’s legacy. He also encouraged Aaron to bring Drew’s three young sons to spend time with the team.

Sign Up For Free: Mile High 5
Your daily report on everything sports in Colorado - covering the Denver Broncos, Denver Nuggets, Colorado Avalanche, and columns from Woody Paige and Paul Klee.

Sign Up
View all of our newsletters.

“I want them to be around here as much as they want to be,” Malone said. “Aaron is not in this alone. He’s got a lot of people behind him who love him and care about him.”

Michael Porter Jr. is one of those people.

“It’s not something that’s a two- or three-month grieving process,” Porter said. “We know he’ll be dealing with this for a long time. We’re with him.”

Aaron will play in his new number for the first time Friday when the Nuggets open their five-game preseason schedule against the defending champion Boston Celtics in Abu Dhabi. The jersey will cover another memorial. Aaron had a gorilla showing its teeth tattooed over his heart in the wake of Drew’s death. Seemingly the only part of his left pec that isn’t covered in ink is a bit of space that reveals his older brother’s initials. He captioned photos of the new tattoo “big bruh lives thru me.” His jersey now serves has proof.

“It feels nice,” Gordon said.

“In the midst of the game, you don’t really think about the number, but before the game, there’s definitely something a little bit more special.”

Nuggets preseason schedule

Friday: vs. Celtics in Abu Dhabi, 10 a.m. NBA TV

Sunday: vs. Celtics in Abu Dhabi, 8 a.m., NBA TV

Sunday, Oct. 13: vs. Phoenix at Ball Arena, 6:30 p.m., ESPN

Tuesday, Oct. 15: vs. Oklahoma City at Ball Arena, 7 p.m., Altitude

Friday, Oct. 18: at Minnesota, 6 p.m., NBA TV

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
MORE INFORMATION
Nuggets vs. Celtics: 3 takeaways from Denver's preseason opener in Abu Dhabi

The last two teams to lift the Larry O’Brien Trophy kicked off the preseason Friday morning in Abu Dhabi. Here are three takeaways from Denver…

Former Denver Nuggets coach, teammate remember Dikembe Mutombo's lead foot, life of leadership
Aaron Gordon, Denver Nuggets reportedly reach contract extension
Tags
Aaron Gordon Drew Gordon Denver Nuggets Nba Basketball
Vinny Benedetto
Author email
Denver Gazette
Colorado Avalanche's hot stretch coincides with elite play from one player | Evan's take
Bills' Von Miller tells DeMarcus Ware it will be 'bittersweet' and 'really emotional' facing former Broncos team in playoffs
3 Takeaways: Drouin situation one to watch for rest of the season
Sign Up For Free: Mile High 5
Your daily report on everything sports in Colorado - covering the Denver Broncos, Denver Nuggets, Colorado Avalanche, and columns from Woody Paige and Paul Klee.

Sign Up
View all of our newsletters.
Sections
News
Sports
Opinion
Politics
U.S. & World
Outdoors
Obituaries
Contact
Services
Manage Cookies


Classifieds
Forms
Calendar
Weather
Transparency in Coverage
Statement of Principles
About Us
Subscriber-Only Content
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
YouTube
 
TikTok
 
Instagram
 
iOS App
 
Android App
Welcome Back.


My Account
Newsletters
Contact Us

Streak: 9 days i

Stories you've missed since your last login:

A story about dogs
A story about cats
A story about soccer

Stories you've saved for later:

A story about surfing
A story about kites

Recommended stories based on your interests:

Edit my interests 
A story about surfing
A story about kites
DenverGazette.com Gazette.com ColoradoPolitics.comOutThereColorado.com
© Copyright 2025 The Denver Gazette, 555 17th Street, Suite 425 Denver, CO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy  |  Your Privacy Choices
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://denvergazette.com/sports/aaron-gordon-changes-number-to-honor-late-brother/article_1263035e-810c-11ef-804e-cbe52e5212af.html 
 ----- 
