Trending topics:
English League Cup TV Schedule
Coppa Italia TV Schedule
La Liga TV Schedule
UEFA Conference League TV Schedule
Premier League TV Schedule
CONNECT WITH US
?
Real Madrid waits for Trent Alexander-Arnold after reportedly rejecting 3 Liverpool contract offers
Lionel Messi delivers message to Barcelona stars Yamal and Lopez after Golden Boy awards
HOW TO WATCH
How to watch Ecuador vs Paraguay on US TV and live streaming

by World Soccer Talk October 10, 2024

WHO	Ecuador vs Paraguay
WHAT	CONMEBOL 2026 World Cup Qualifying
WHEN	5:00 PM ET / 2:00 PM PT • Thursday, October 10, 2024
WHERE	Fanatiz Pay-Per-View
STREAM	WATCH NOW
Here are all of the details of where you can watch Ecuador vs Paraguay on US television and via legal streaming:
With Fanatiz, you can watch Ecuador vs Paraguay and tons more games. With the legal streaming service, you can watch the game on your computer, smartphone, tablet, Roku, Apple TV, Fire Stick or hook it up to your TV with Google Chromecast.
Postecoglou calm after Spurs smash Southampton 5-0
How to watch anywhere with VPN
If you’re abroad, you may need to use a virtual private network (VPN) in order to watch games using your usual streaming service. A VPN, such as NordVPN, allows you to establish a secure connection online when streaming. If you are not sure which VPN to use, check out World Soccer Talk’s guide to the best VPNs for streaming soccer.
More details about watching the game on Fanatiz
Fanatiz has World Cup qualifiers such as Ecuador vs Paraguay, and other exclusive pay-per-view matches, throughout the year. In addition, standard Fanatiz plans (a separate cost from pay-per-view packages) include access to beIN SPORTS – the network with the rights to Ligue 1, Copa Libertadores, Copa Sudamericana, the Turkish SüperLig, African club and international competitions, and more. It also has GolTV, the hard-to-find channel that airs the Portuguese Primeira, Ecuadorian Serie A, Peruvian Liga 1, and Uruguayan Primera. The service is also has Spanish language coverage of the Argentine Primera and Brasileirão leagues, as well as Colombian and Honduran leagues.
The Fanatiz app is available on iOS, Android, Roku, Apple TV and Amazon Fire TV.
Useful links
Courtesy of World Soccer Talk, download a complimentary copy of The Ultimate Soccer TV And Streaming Guide, which features details on where to watch all of the leagues from around the world on US TV and streaming.
To find out when soccer games are on, download the free Soccer TV Schedules App which includes listings of all of the live soccer matches available in the United States (available on Apple iOS devices and Android devices).
Photo credit: Imago
200+ Channels With Sports & News
Starting price: $33/mo. for fubo Latino Package
Watch Premier League, Liga MX & Copa Libertadores
Browse Offers
The New Home of MLS
Price: $14.99/mo. for MLS Season Pass
Watch every MLS game including playoffs & Leagues Cup
Browse Offers
Many Sports & ESPN Originals
Price: $10.99/mo. (or get ESPN+, Hulu & Disney+ for $14.99/mo.)
Features Bundesliga, LaLiga, NWSL, & USL
Browse Offers
2,000+ soccer games per year
Price: $7.99/mo
Features Champions League, Serie A, Europa League & EFL
Try It Free
175 Premier League Games & PL TV
Starting price: $7.99/mo. for Peacock Premium
Watch 175 exclusive EPL games per season
Browse Offers
RELATED TOPICS
LATEST NEWS
Real Madrid waits for Trent Alexander-Arnold after reportedly rejecting 3 Liverpool contract offers
Lionel Messi delivers message to Barcelona stars Yamal and Lopez after Golden Boy awards
Lamine Yamal sets huge goals with Barcelona and Spain before aiming for Ballon d'Or
Time to go: Ruben Amorim's Manchester United pushes academy graduate Marcus Rashford toward exit
Who will claim the title of best African player in 2024 if not Salah or Mané?
Who ends the year as the world's most expensive and highest-paid player?
$100M PSG signing and 'Mbappe successor' set to leave in January following Luis Enrique's decision
La Liga investigation: Vinicius Junior's disrespectful gesture towards Rayo supporters may lead to sanctions
Italy at risk of being expelled from FIFA and UEFA tournaments following Government action
Neymar reportedly desires to join Inter Miami to reunite with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez
STREAMING OFFERS

Includes: Premier League + 84 Sports Channels

Sign Up

Includes: Bundesliga & La Liga

Sign Up

Includes: Champions League & Serie A

7-Day Free Trial

Includes: Premier League

Sign Up

Includes: every MLS game and Leagues Cup

Browse Offers

Want new articles, insider deals and TV schedules emailed daily to your inbox, FREE?

First Name
Email Address
Favorite League / Competition
Favorite Team
Subscribe
EDITORS’ PICKS
Real Madrid waits for Trent Alexander-Arnold after reportedly rejecting 3 Liverpool contract offers
After reportedly rejecting three contract renewal offers from Liverpool, Trent Alexander-Arnold remains a target for Real Madrid, who plan to wait until his contract expires to make their move.
Lionel Messi delivers message to Barcelona stars Yamal and Lopez after Golden Boy awards
After winning the Golden Boy and Golden Girl awards, Barcelona legend Lionel Messi shared an inspiring message with Lamine Yamal and Vicky Lopez.
Lamine Yamal sets huge goals with Barcelona and Spain before aiming for Ballon d'Or
Golden Boy winner Lamine Yamal has shared his ambitious goals with Barcelona and Spain national team before setting his sights on the Ballon d’Or award.
Time to go: Ruben Amorim's Manchester United pushes academy graduate Marcus Rashford toward exit
Ruben Amorim's Manchester United has reportedly decided to set a price tag on academy graduate Marcus Rashford, preparing to sell him in the upcoming transfer window.
About World Soccer Talk
Meet the Team
Media Coverage
Apply As A Journalist
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Editorial Policy
Ad Choices
Contact Us

World Soccer Talk © 2024. Made in Florida.
World Soccer Talk, like Futbol Sites, is a company owned by Better Collective. All rights reserved. World Soccer Talk is reader-supported and may earn a commission through our partner links.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://worldsoccertalk.com/news/ecuador-vs-paraguay-on-us-tv-and-live-streaming/ 
 ----- 
