We value your privacy

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Search for:
 
FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
FEMININE ZONE
OTHER SPORTS
1 year |
All African countries, At a glance, Football
20 November 2023
World Cup 2026 (Q): Some results from Monday
World Cup 2026 (Q): Some results from Monday

Day 2 of the 2026 World Cup qualifiers continued on Monday November 20, 2023. Mali were held to a draw by the Central African Republic, while Madagascar beat Chad. At the same time, Kenya were held to a draw by Seychelles.

Mali held to a draw

While waiting for Ghana, Group I was out in full force on Day 2 of the 2026 World Cup qualifiers. Mali had the opportunity to make up for lost time after their 3-1 win over Chad. The Eagles hosted the Central African Republic to confirm their promising start. It took a long time for the match to ignite. It was not until the second half that Mali finally opened the scoring through Kamory Doumbia (76th).

But the pleasure was short-lived. At the other end, the Central African Republic called on their best player, Geoffrey Kondogbia (79th), to equalize, air-condition the stadium and put the finishing touches to the match. A disappointing result for Mali, who will settle for 4 points and a provisional lead. As for the Central African Republic, it's a big blow for their accounts, with 1 point gained after their Day 1 defeat by the Comoros.

The winner of Day 2 in this group is Madagascar. Having lost to Ghana, the Barea have just picked up their first 3 points in these 2026 World Cup qualifiers. A clean sweep against Chad (0-3). With a brace from Rakotoharimalala (10th and 84th) and a goal from Lapoussin (91st), Madagascar put the pressure on Mali.

Seychelles may well be the opponent to make up the statistics. After conceding 9 goals against Côte d'Ivoire three days earlier, they took another beating on Monday. Kenya took advantage. After losing to Gabon, it was time for a win and a clean bill of health offensively. Doubles from Olunga (3rd and 6th), Choka (45th), Onyango (62nd) and Omalla (73rd). An attacking feast that got the Kenyans off to a good start in their 2026 World Cup qualifying campaign.

Author
Philémon

View all posts 

SNA tells you more!

No recommendation
 Vues : 149
Recommandé pour vous
Recommandé par
SNA FLASH NEWS
8 months | At a glance, Football : FIFA orders Gabon to pay Patrice Neveu 500,000 euros
8 months | At a glance, DR Congo : Congo Cup: TP Mazembe disqualified!
8 months | At a glance, Basketball : NBA - Philadelphia: 76ers unveil their plans for Joel Embiid
8 months | At a glance, Football : Football - Mali: Firmin Sanou is AS Real Bamako's new coach
8 months | All African countries, At a glance : Ligue 1: Mounier and Camara take part in Brest's extraordinary win at Rennes Brest
8 months | At a glance, Côte d’Ivoire : Serie A: Evan Ndicka returns as Roma hold off Napoli
> MORE FLASH NEWS
MERCATO
2 years | Kalidou Koulibaly: Accord between Napoli and Chelsea
3 years | Napoli: Osimhen in Real Madrid's sights
3 years | Turkey: Stephane Mbia signs for a second division club
3 years | Standard Liege: Jackson Muleka loaned to Kasimpasa
3 years | Aston Villa: Trézéguet loaned to Turkey until the end of the season
> MORE MERCATO
IT`S MOVING ON THE NETWORKS
SPORTNEWSAFRICA,
THE REFERENCE FOR SPORT IN AFRICA
About us
Contact
Legal notice
Privacy policy
ALL SPORTS
Football
Basketball
Athletics
Feminine zone
Other sports
E SPORT
KONGOSSA
ARCHIVES
FOLLOW US ON :
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportnewsafrica.com/en/at-a-glance/world-cup-2026-q-some-results-from-monday/ 
 ----- 
