Listen to great music on ZED 101.9FM

Listen Now
Breaking News

WAEC releases 2024 WASSCE Results

Menu
Search for
 Home/Sports/Black Stars touch down in Moroni for Comoros showdown
Black Stars touch down in Moroni for Comoros showdown
Zed DigitalNovember 20, 20230 46 1 minute read
Facebook
 
X
 
Print

By Daniel ODURO, Accra

The Black Stars have arrived in Moroni for their second Group I FIFA World Cup qualifier against Comoros scheduled for tomorrow.

The team departed from Accra at 1pm on Saturday and landed at the Moroni International Airport at 10pm local time (7 pm Ghaan time) via Ethiopian Airlines on the same day.

Coach Chris Hughton traveled with all 25 players who have been in camp since the commencement of the team’s preparations for this month’s qualifiers.

The Black Stars secured a late 1-0 victory over Madagascar at the Baba Yara Sports Stadium on Friday.

In their opening game, Comoros defeated Central African Republic 4-2.

The Black Stars held its first training session yesterday, in preparation for the crucial match tomorrow.

Ghana is currently third in Group I, level on 3 points with leaders Comoros and third-placed Mali.

The upcoming game against Comoros is scheduled at the Moroni Stadium, and Ghana will be aiming to secure a favorable result to alleviate the mounting pressure on head coach Chris Houghton.

Speculation about Houghton’s position has been circulating, with some suggesting that if results do not improve quickly, the Ghana Football Association may consider making changes.

This match is the last competitive game for Ghana before the team head to the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) in January 2024.

The Black Stars will be looking to gather momentum and build confidence ahead of the continental tournament.

 Share
Facebook
 
X
 
Print
Isaac Dogboe falls to unbeaten Nick Ball in WBC featherweight title eliminator
Develop cinemas to help filmmakers tell impactful stories
Related Articles
Legacy Rise Sports makes history with ‘Ultimate Legacy’ night
5 days ago
Black Galaxies coach Didi Dramani rallies for support ahead of Nigeria clash
2 weeks ago
Alidu Seidu undergoes surgery after ACL injury
2 weeks ago
Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Most Viewed Posts
October 6, 2023
Ghanaian wins prestigious Africa Continental Best Teacher Award
February 13, 2023
Govt distributes over 40,000 furniture to schools
April 8, 2024
Zedmultimedia staff complete fire safety training
Useful Links
News
Business
Politics
Lifestyle
Sports
Entertainment
Technology
Contact Information
Our Address:

East Legon, 6 Anyetey St.

For any enquiries contact our official email address: info@zedmultimedia.com

Zed Multimedia offers comprehensive media experience including TV, Radio, Newspaper, Online platforms, and a Tech Hub.
Enter your Email address
© Copyright 2025, All Rights Reserved. ZED Multimedia   
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
TikTok
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://zedmultimedia.com/2023/11/20/black-stars-touch-down-in-moroni-for-comoros-showdown/ 
 ----- 
