NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Blue Jays look to bounce back against Rays
Sportsnet Staff
@Sportsnet
September 21, 2024 - 11:33am

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-10:54bd76bc154dc6e99bbf71b4 Player Element ID: vjs_video_874
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Shi Davidi joins Faizal Khamisa and Martine Gaillard on Sportsnet Central to discuss the benefits of giving starting pitchers six days of rest, Jonatan Clase's debut with the Toronto Blue Jays, Leo Jimenez's hit-by-pitch rate, and more.
14 comments

The Toronto Blue Jays will aim to get their offence back on track when they face the host Tampa Bay Rays on Saturday afternoon.

Watch the game live on Sportsnet and Sportsnet+ at 4 p.m. ET / 1 p.m. PT.

The Blue Jays were shut out Friday as the Rays took the series opener 1-0. Jonathan Aranda scored the game's lone run with a solo homer off Jose Berrios in the sixth inning while six Rays pitchers combined on a five-hitter.

Blue Jays catcher Alejandro Kirk stretched his career-best hit streak to 13 games with a single in the sixth.

Vladimir Guerrero Jr., who went 1-for-4 with a single in the first, holds a .322 batting average, 12 points back of Kansas City Royals' Bobby Witt Jr. in the race for the American League title.

Davis Schneider went 0-for-3 at the plate but has been hot over the past 10 games hitting 9-for-34 with a triple and three home runs.

It was the second time in three days the Blue Jays were blanked. Toronto lost 2-0 to the Texas Rangers on Wednesday before turning the tables Thursday to win 4-0 to wrap up that series.

MLB Highlights: Rays 1, Blue Jays 0
Jose Berrios only gave up one run over six strong innings but it wasn;t enough to overcome Jonathan Aranda's solo shot, as the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 1-0.
Play Video

The Blue Jays will send Yariel Rodriguez (1-6, 4.29 ERA) as the rookie right-hander looks to snap his winless drought. Rodriguez has three losses and eight no-decisions over his past 11 starts since recording his first career win on July 6. He pitched 4.1 innings during his most recent outing last Sunday against the St. Louis Cardinals and allowed one run on three hits with a walk and two strikeouts.

The Rays will counter with Taj Bradley (6-11, 4.39 ERA). The right-hander is also looking for his first win since July as he's picked up the loss in seven of his past nine starts. That includes his most recent trip to the mound last Sunday as he gave up two runs on five hits with three walks and six strikeouts in 4.1 innings against the Cleveland Guardians.

Saturday marks the 12th meeting between the clubs this season with the Rays holding a 7-4 advantage.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Aranda homers, six pitchers combine on a five-hitter and Rays beat Blue Jays
Blue Jays, Berrios prioritizing health as injury-packed season nears its end
MLB NEWS
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/blue-jays-look-to-bounce-back-against-rays/ 
 ----- 
