MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Jonathan Aranda homers as the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3-2
Updated Sep. 21, 2024 7:59 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — Jonathan Aranda homered for the second consecutive game, helping Taj Bradley and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3-2 on Saturday.

Aranda connected for a two-run shot in the third inning against Yariel Rodríguez (1-7), giving Tampa Bay a 3-0 lead. He also went deep in a 1-0 victory over Toronto on Friday night. Five of Aranda's nine career homers have come against the Blue Jays.

“I get excited about him, man,” Bradley said, “When I played with him in Triple-A, you give him enough playing time he's going to go on a run. He's doing it now.”

Bradley (7-11) pitched five innings of one-run ball in his first win since July 25. The right-hander, who struck out four and walked two, was 0-7 with a 7.88 ERA in his previous nine starts.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

“I was really proud that he got through the fifth inning,” Rays manager Kevin Cash said after Bradley threw 103 pitches, 67 for strikes. “That’s a lot of pitches through five innings."

Drew Rasmussen struck out three over two perfect innings to get his first save.

Rodríguez gave up four hits and walked three in four innings. He also struck out three in his 20th start in his first season in the majors.

The Cuban right-hander agreed to a $32 million, five-year deal in February.

“I think it’s been a successful year for him in terms of routines, innings and understanding how this whole thing works out at the big league level,” Blue Jays manager John Schneider said. “It’s been cool to watch. There’s still a long way to go but the innings he has gotten in have been huge for him.”

Here's What a 1-Day Shower Upgrade Should Cost You In 2025
The cost of a shower upgrade from local pros might surprise you
Homebuddy|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

The Blue Jays threatened in each of the first three innings but failed to score. They went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position after they went 0 for 7 in those situations on Friday.

Alejandro Kirk extended his career-high hitting streak to 14 games with an RBI triple in the seventh for Toronto. It was the catcher’s first career three-base hit.

Kirk got the ball he hit for the triple.

The Blue Jays scored their first run on Spencer Horwitz’s infield single in front of home plate in the fifth.

Ben Rortvedt had six hits in his previous 63 at-bats (.095) before putting the Rays ahead 1-0 on a second-inning RBI single.

Toronto's Vladimir Guerrero Jr. went 3 for 5 and is hitting .324. The third baseman overran Yandy Díaz's popup infield single in the seventh, but the Rays' leadoff hitter was left stranded at first base.

Guerrero has 20 three-hit games this season.

UP NEXT

Rays RHP Shane Baz (3-3. 3.21 ERA) starts Sunday against Toronto. Baz has gone five or more innings and allowed three hits or fewer in a team-record five consecutive starts. The Blue Jays have not announced their starter, but former Rays LHP Ryan Yarbrough (5-2, 3.36 ERA) could get the call.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Toronto Blue Jays
Tampa Bay Rays
Major League Baseball
Drew Rasmussen
Tampa Bay Rays
Toronto Blue Jays
MLB - Toronto Blue Jays vs. Tampa Bay Rays - 09/21/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/jonathan-aranda-homers-as-the-tampa-bay-rays-beat-the-toronto-blue-jays-32 
 ----- 
