Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Three Observations From Guardians Loss To Dodgers, 4-0
Tanner Bibee gives a home run to Shohei Ohtani in the Cleveland Guardians' loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Tommy Wild | Sep 8, 2024
Sep 8, 2024; Los Angeles, California, USA; Los Angeles Dodgers designated hitter Shohei Ohtani (17) hits a home run off Cleveland Guardians starting pitcher Tanner Bibee (28) during the fifth inning of a MLB baseball game at Dodger Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Kiyoshi Mio-Imagn Images / Kiyoshi Mio-Imagn Images
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians

After an impressive win in the series opener, the Cleveland Guardians lost their next two games with the Los Angeles Dodgers. LA clinched a series victory on Sunday with a 4-2 victory.

Here are three observations and takeaways from Cleveland's loss.

Tanner Bibee

Tanner Bibee's start was moved up to Sunday because of the team scratching Alex Cobb from his start on Saturday

All things considered, Bibee had a solid start against arguably baseball's best lineup. He threw 5.0 innings, allowed two earned runs, walked three batters, and recorded four strikeouts.

Bibee once again relied on his four-seam fastball, complimenting that with his slider. The right-hander has typically used his slider as his go-to pitch but found success throwing in his last start, throwing a heavy amount of heaters against the Kansas City Royals.

The only reason Bibee didn't go longer in the game is that the Dodgers started to work longer at bats which spiked his pitch count. Bibee also loaded the bases in the bottom of the fourth, but he only gave up one-run.

Sep 8, 2024; Los Angeles, California, USA; Cleveland Guardians starting pitcher Tanner Bibee (28) pitches during the second inning against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Kiyoshi Mio-Imagn Images / Kiyoshi Mio-Imagn Images
Missed Opportunities For The Guardians

Jack Flaherty was dealing against the Guardians, giving up just seven hits in 4.1 innings of work. However, even when Cleveland did get runners on the base, they couldn't get them across.

The Guardians were 2-for-8 with RISP and left seven runners on base. This was a theme for Cleveland throughout the series, and it came back to hurt them in a big way.

It's hard to win games when you don't take advantage of your opportunities.

Andres Gimenez Stays Hot

One bright spot from Sunday's game was Andres Gimenez, who has now recorded a hit in 12 of his last 14 games. Gimenez was 0-for-3 heading into the ninth inning but got on base via a single to right field.

Gimenez's hot streak is coming at the perfect time for the Guardians. Steven Kwan is still searching for his swing in the leadoff spot and Gimenez is settling nicely behind him batting second.

If Kwan's offense eventually comes back around, Cleveland could have a dangerous first three hitters with Kwan, Gimenez, and Jose Ramirez.

Published Sep 8, 2024
TOMMY WILD

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/guardians/news/three-observations-cleveland-guardians-los-angeles-dodgers-september-8-2024 
 ----- 
