Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
GUARDIANS
Dodgers blank Guardians, 4-0, as Jack Flaherty shuts down Cleveland’s offense again
Updated: Sep. 09, 2024, 5:28 a.m.|Published: Sep. 08, 2024, 6:42 p.m.
13
1/13
Cleveland Guardians vs. Los Angeles Dodgers, Sept. 8, 2024
By Joe Noga, cleveland.com

LOS ANGELES — Temperatures at Dodger Stadium reached 103 degrees, but nobody was hotter than Los Angeles pitcher Jack Flaherty against the Guardians on Sunday.

Flaherty dominated Cleveland hitters, holding them scoreless through 7 1/3 innings as the Dodgers blanked the Guards, 4-0, to take the series finale between the two clubs.

'We got to find our rhythm early,' Hurts help Eagles beat Packers 22-10 in wild-card win to reach divisional round'We got to find our rhythm early,' Hurts help Eagles beat Packers 22-10 in wild-card win to reach divisional round
MORE GUARDIANS COVERAGE
Guardians’ 2025 roster analysis: veterans, rookies and prospects — The week in baseball
Guardians fans want clarity on Josh Naylor, Andres Gimenez trades: Hey, Hoynsie
Exploring the Guardians’ approach to arbitration deals (Podcast)

Cleveland managed six hits and stranded five runners in scoring position in suffering its 15th shutout loss of the year.

Flaherty, who joined the Dodgers at the trade deadline after making 18 starts with Detroit, retired 14 of the final 16 batters he faced and finished with six strikeouts. In four starts against Cleveland this year, Flaherty allowed three earned runs on 15 hits in 25 1/3 innings with 22 strikeouts and five walks.

Guardians manager Stephen Vogt said Flaherty’s outing was similar to his previous appearances against Cleveland.

“He’s done an unbelievable job against us with hitting the lower rail with his fastball and then the breaking stuff off of it,” Vogt said. “That’s (four) times we’ve seen him now and he’s been on every time.”

Will Brennan, starting in left field and batting leadoff as slumping Steven Kwan got a day off, said the Guardians had a solid game plan against Flaherty, but the righty simply executed better.

“Sometimes you’ve got to tip your cap to those guys, they drive nice cars too,” Brennan said. “He’s always had that fastball command, and it’s whether or not he had the breaking ball we were chasing him down. Unfortunately he got us today. It stinks. It’s the fourth time, but hopefully we get him a fifth time.”

Flaherty pitched into the eighth inning before a base hit by Tyler Freeman with one out ended his afternoon. Michael Kopech relieved and retired Bo Naylor on a fly ball to center before striking out pinch hitter Kyle Manzardo.

Los Angeles got to Cleveland starter Tanner Bibee in the fourth after a leadoff triple by Mookie Betts that hit the wall in center field just out of Tyler Freeman’s reach. Bibee walked Max Muncy with one out before Will Smith’s RBI single scored Betts for a 1-0 Dodgers lead.

But Bibee recovered to limit the damage as he struck out Gavin Lux and retired Andy Pages on a fly ball to right to escape the inning. All four of Betts’ hits in the series went for extra-bases.

Vogt said Dodgers hitters made Bibee work in the fourth when he was forced to throw 28 pitches.

“But he worked himself out of that jam, and I thought he was really good other than the pitch count today,” Vogt said. “He just ran out of pitches.”

Flaherty picked up his 12th win (12-6, 2.86) while Bibee dropped to 11-7 (3.56 ERA). Bibee has lost three of his last five starts after winning three of his previous five.

National League MVP frontrunner Shohei Ohtani launched a solo home run with one out in the fifth to push LA’s lead to 2-0. Ohtani’s blast hit the facing of the upper deck in right field after wrapping around the foul pole. Guardians manager Stephen Vogt asked for a crew chief review, but the call stood.

Ohtani finished 2 for 4 with a base hit. The fifth-inning blast was his 46th, making him the first Major League player to reach 46 home runs and 46 steals in the same season. Ohtani singled with two out in the third, but Bibee picked him off at first base to end the inning.

After allowing one run on two hits in his last start against Kansas City, Bibee said the key to getting deeper into games for him is not getting too “amped up” before each start.

“Throwing every pitch as hard as I could kind of takes toll on me throughout the game,” Bibee said. “The last two games controlling myself a little more, feeling a little more Zen-ish on the mound, I guess is the word.”

The Guardians are 9-12 all-time against the Dodgers and 7-5 at Dodger Stadium. Sunday marked Cleveland’s first ever road series loss to LA.

Cleveland’s lead in the American League Central Division slipped to 2 1/2 games over the Royals, who completed a three-game sweep of the Twins earlier Sunday. Cleveland’s magic number to clinch the division remained at 17, while the number to clinch a playoff spot dropped to 11 (effectively 10) over the Mariners.

Los Angeles added a pair of runs in the eighth against Guardians lefty Anthony Gose. Signed earlier in the day after righty Scott Barlow was designated for assignment, Gose allowed a home run to Muncy after retiring Freddie Freeman on a grounder to shortstop. Smith then doubled and scored with two out on an RBI single to right by Chris Taylor.

Cleveland mounted a rally in the ninth against Dodgers righty Evan Phillips as Brennan and Andrés Giménez opened the inning with base hits. But José Ramírez bounced into a 6-4-3 double play, and after a walk to Josh Naylor, Phillips whiffed Lane Thomas to end the game.

Giménez finished the series with five hits and has hit safely in 13 of his last 16 games, entering the day with a .331 batting average in 31 September games since 2023.

Next: The road trip concludes with three games in Chicago beginning Monday against the White Sox. Left-hander Joey Cantillo (0-3, 7.71) will start for Cleveland. Righty Ben Lively was originally scheduled to start the series opener. The Sox have not announced a starter for the 8:10 p.m. scheduled first pitch. Bally Sports Great Lakes, WTAM 1100 AM, WMMS 100.7 FM and the Guardians Radio Network will carry the game.

If you or a loved one has questions and needs to talk to a professional about gambling, call the Ohio Problem Gambling Helpline at 1-800-589-9966 or the National Council on Program Gambling Helpline (NCPG) at 1-800-522-4700 or visit 1800gambler.net for more information. 21+ and present in Ohio. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/guardians/2024/09/dodgers-blank-guardians-4-0-as-jack-flaherty-shuts-down-clevelands-offense-again.html 
 ----- 
