Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Cleveland Guardians Make History With Record-Setting Game vs Dodgers
The Cleveland Guardians were a part of some very unique history in their game against the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Matthew Schmidt | Sep 9, 2024
Sep 8, 2024; Los Angeles, California, USA; Cleveland Guardians designated hitter Jose Ramirez (11) catches a helmet after grounded into a double play during the ninth inning against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Kiyoshi Mio-Imagn Images / Kiyoshi Mio-Imagn Images
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians
Los Angeles Dodgers

The Cleveland Guardians lost two out of three to the Los Angeles Dodgers over the weekend, dropping the final two games of the series.

However, in the process, the Guardians were a unique part of history.

On Sunday, the announced temperature for the first pitch was 103 degrees, tying a record for the hottest game in Dodger Stadium history, via Matthew Moreno of Dodger Blue. The stadium was built in 1962.

The temperature on Sunday is also believed to have peaked at 104 degrees during batting practice, although there is no official record of it.

While Cleveland definitely deserves props for braving the sweltering elements, it put forth yet another pitiful offensive performance in the defeat.

The Guardians failed to score a run in the 4-0 loss and managed just five runs over the course of the entire three-game set.

As a matter of fact, Cleveland has totaled only six runs across its last four games overall. The Guardians went 1-3 in those contests.

Fortunately for Cleveland, the rest of the AL Central has not exactly been lighting it up, either. In spite of the Guardians' maddening inconsistency, they still hold a two-and-a-half game lead (three in the loss column) over the Kansas City Royals for first place in the division. The Minnesota Twins are five games behind.

Since getting off to a 36-17 start, Cleveland has gone a pedestrian 45-45. Even worse, since peaking at 51-26 in June, the Guardians have gone just 30-36.

Cleveland will get some relief—both from the heat and potentially in terms of performance—when it opens a three-game series with the league-worst Chicago White Sox in the Windy City on Monday.

Published Sep 9, 2024
MATTHEW SCHMIDT

Matthew Schmidt is a sportswriter who covers NFL, MLB, NBA and college football and basketball. He has been writing professionally since 2011 and has also worked for Bleacher Report, FanRag Sports, ClutchPoints, NFLAnalysis.net and NBAAnalysis.net. He was born and raised in New Jersey and has a rather eclectic group of favorite teams: the Boston Celtics, New York Giants and Miami Marlins.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/guardians/news/cleveland-guardians-make-history-record-setting-game-los-angeles-dodgers 
 ----- 
