Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Headfirst into the netting?! This may be the wildest catch of 2024
Share
Headfirst into the netting?! This may be the wildest catch of 2024
September 1st, 2024

Patrick Donnelly

Share

0:01

0:29

MINNESOTA -- The Blue Jays sent out an extremely green lineup on Sunday. Of nine starters, just two had played at least 100 games in the Majors, but being inexperienced doesn’t equate to being unprepared.

That lesson comes courtesy of one of those seven relative newbies, 23-year-old second baseman Leo Jiménez, who made one of the most daring -- harrowing? -- plays on a foul ball you’ll ever see.

In the fourth inning of Sunday’s 4-3 loss to the Twins at Target Field, Jiménez traveled 100 feet from his position at second base to track a high pop-up down the right-field line off the bat of Max Kepler. Jiménez split between first baseman Spencer Horwitz and right fielder Addison Barger and called for the ball. Then Jiménez managed to snag it at the net before tumbling headfirst into the stands.

Horwitz, who was just in front of the spot where Jiménez crashed through the net, had the best view of anyone at Target Field.

“We were running for it, and I knew we were close to the wall,” Horwitz said. “I was like, ‘I’m gonna go into this wall,’ and then I hear him say, ‘I got it! I got it!’ So I backed off and he comes flying by me, jumps into the wall, into the net and then the net gave out, because we were right by the door. Barger’s right there and I said, ‘Grab the ball! Grab the ball!’ because I knew there was a runner on.”

Barger pulled the ball out of Jiménez’s glove and fired it to the plate while Austin Martin tried to score from second on the play. Barger’s throw would’ve nailed Martin, but by rule, the play was dead once Jiménez left the field with the ball, so Martin was placed on third base.

Related
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

January 10th, 2025

Three players who could help the Blue Jays internally

June 27th, 2024

Second wave of Buffalo Boys has tremendous upside

April 11th, 2024

How Toronto's backup infielders can make an impact in '24

February 5th, 2024

All the while, team trainers were hustling across the field to check out Jiménez, who lay on his back between the rows of seats he crashed into.

“I see him laying there and he’s very still,” Horwitz said of Jiménez, who was not available for comment after the game. “Then I’m like, ‘Leo, you’re good! You’re OK -- just stay here, the trainer’s coming!”

Blue Jays manager John Schneider joined the training staff in evaluating Jiménez on the field.

“​​Just making sure he was OK with his head, that he wasn’t dizzy or anything, making sure he had his feet underneath him,” Schneider said. “I love that he stayed in, and I loved the effort he showed.”

Of course, the way baseball seems to work, the next batter hit another pop fly that Jiménez handled, though he barely had to move on that one. Jiménez even went on to drive in what at the time was a go-ahead run in the top of the eighth inning, when he was hit on the elbow by a pitch from Griffin Jax with the bases loaded.

“He had a tough day at the yard, for a ribbie and a nice putout there,” Schneider said.

The play was emblematic of the exuberance of the Blue Jays’ current youth movement, embodied by players such as Jiménez, Horwitz, Barger and Will Wagner. Schneider said his players’ youth can be an asset in getting over tough losses like Sunday's.

“They’ll get over this,” Schneider said. “They’re probably already over it. I hope they are, because it’s a hard-fought game and … I love the way they went about it. I love the way the veteran guys were there supporting them. They’ll be fine going forward.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Toronto Blue Jays
Leonardo Jimenez
You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/leo-jimenez-tumbles-headfirst-into-netting-for-catch 
 ----- 
