This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy

Cookie Settings

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Minnesota News You Can Use
Subscribe

TWINS

Royce Lewis’ three-run homer in eighth lifts Twins to 4-3 victory over Blue Jays

Royce Lewis hit a go-ahead, three-run home run in the eighth inning Sunday at Target Field, propelling the Twins to a win over Toronto to end their homestand.

By La Velle E. Neal III

The Minnesota Star Tribune
SEPTEMBER 2, 2024 AT 2:41AM
The Twins' Royce Lewis celebrates his go-ahead, three-run homer in the eighth inning Sunday at Target Field. (Jerry Holt/The Minnesota Star Tribune)

Royce Lewis prefers not to utter the s-word — slump. But he hasn’t produced at the plate recently, to the point that manager Rocco Baldelli sat him out of a game recently to give him a mental break.

Sometimes it takes just one swing to break out of whatever he wants to call his recent troubles. Maybe his go-ahead home run in the eighth inning Sunday at Target Field was the moment he needed.

Lewis’ go-ahead, three-run shot to left field propelled the Twins to a 4-3 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays. It was the infielder’s first home run since Aug. 12. It enabled the Twins to take two of three games in the series, their first series victory in nearly two weeks, and sent them on a road trip to Tampa Bay and Kansas City on a positive note after a difficult 3-6 homestand.

View post on X

Ryan Jeffers and Austin Martin reached base with eighth-inning singles before Lewis’ big blast. It made a winner out of Griffin Jax, who gave up two runs in the top of the inning with a very not-Jax-like performance.

The Twins trailed from the first inning, when Ernie Clement homered against Bailey Ober, until the seventh, when they took advantage of a throwing error by Toronto third baseman Luis De Los that enabled Lewis to advance from first to third. Lewis scored on Carlos Santana’s groundout, tying the score at 1-1.

BOXSCORE: Twins 4, Toronto 3

MLB standings

But Toronto returned serve in the eighth inning against Jax, who issued two walks, gave up a single to Clement and hit Leo Jimenez with the bases loaded to give the Blue Jays a 2-1 lead. Another run scored on Joey Loperfido’s groundout.

Ober was dominant, striking out eight over five innings. His only mistake was a fastball to Clement in the first inning that was launched into the seats in left. Ober recovered to retire 10 of the next 11 Blue Jays.

Share
Comment
ABOUT THE WRITER
La Velle E. Neal III
COLUMNIST

La Velle E. Neal III is a sports columnist for the Minnesota Star Tribune who previously covered the Twins for more than 20 years.

See More
More from Twins
See More

TWINS

Twins acquire catcher Diego Cartaya from Dodgers; arbitration eligible players all agree to contracts

Diego Cartaya was a promising prospect who stalled in the Los Angeles organization.

SPORTS

Justin Verlander and the Giants agree to a $15 million, 1-year contract, AP source says

Justin Verlander and the San Francisco Giants have agreed to a $15 million, one-year contract, according to a person with direct knowledge of the negotiations.

TWINS

Twins say they want to play in Minneapolis for decades to come

The team has agreed in principle to extending its lease through 2059 if the Legislature signs off on continuing the sales tax that built Target Field.

Around the Web
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
MARKETING SOFTWARE
Dental Implant Groningen Cost Might Be More Affordable Than Ever!
DENTAL IMPLANTS
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
DUBAI VILLAS
Groningen: Repossessed Car Prices Might Surprise You
REPOSSESSED CARS | SEARCH ADS
Brain Surgeon: Do This to Relieve Tinnitus and Hearing Loss! (Watch)
GROWTH ADVICE
Surgeon: This 'Combats' Neuropathy - Do This Immediately (Watch)
GROWTH ADVICE

To leave a comment, log in or create an account.

COMPANY
About Us
Contact Us
Work for Us
News in Education
Minnesota’s Best
High School Sports Hubs
Mobile and Tablet Apps
Policies and Standards
ADVERTISE
Get in Touch
Advertising Opportunities
Media Kit
Classifieds
Public Notices
Obituaries
BUY
Strib Store
Photo Reprints
Full Page Archive: 150+ years
Back Copies
Commercial Reprints
Licensing
SUPPORT
Help and Feedback
Manage Your Account
Newspaper Subscriptions
Digital Access
eEdition
Text to Speech
WEBSITE
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Site Index
RSS

© 2025 StarTribune.All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.startribune.com/minnesota-twins-toronto-blue-jays-mlb-royce-lewis-go-ahead-home-run-baily-ober-target-field/601136240 
 ----- 
