Skip to content
Subscribe Now
-5°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

Today's Paper

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Business
Best Reviews
Crime & Public Safety
Education
Government & Politics
Health
National News
Environment
Local
St. Paul
Ramsey County
Anoka County
Washington County
Dakota County
Minnesota
Wisconsin
Sports
Sports
Minnesota Vikings
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Wild
Minnesota Timberwolves
Minnesota Frost
Minnesota Lynx
Minnesota United FC
College Sports
Gophers Football
St. Paul Saints
Gophers Men’s Basketball
High School Sports
Outdoors
Food
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Restaurant news
Restaurant reviews
Restaurant lists
Recipes
Takeout
Things to Do
Things to Do
Books
Movies & TV
Arts
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
Treasure Hunt
Winter Carnival
State Fair
Home & Garden
Events
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Opinion Columnists
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBMINNESOTA TWINS
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Royce Lewis’ late heroics lift Twins to victory over Blue Jays
Royce Lewis hit a go-ahead, three-run home run in the eighth inning on Sunday
Royce Lewis #23 of the Minnesota Twins celebrates with Ryan Jeffers #27 after hitting a go-ahead home run in the eighth inning of the game against the Toronto Blue Jays at Target Field on Sept. 1, 2024 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. (Photo by Stephen Maturen/Getty Images)
By BETSY HELFAND | bhelfand@pioneerpress.com | St. Paul Pioneer Press
UPDATED: September 1, 2024 at 5:37 PM CDT

A nine-game homestand at Target Field looked like a prime opportunity for the Twins to reset in the comforts of their own ballpark as they make a push for the postseason.

They didn’t quite accomplish all they hoped, losing two games to St. Louis before getting swept by Atlanta. It looked like they were well on their way to dropping two of three to Toronto, too.

Enter Royce Lewis.

Lewis had gone 16 games without a home run, the longest drought of his career. He found his home run swing at just the right time.

When his team needed him the most, Lewis hit a go-ahead, three-run homer in the eighth inning Sunday to turn the Twins’ fortunes around, helping lift them to a 4-3 win over the Blue Jays at Target Field.

“That eighth inning really brought a lot of oxygen into our room, into our dugout, I think, into the bodies of all of our players,” manager Rocco Baldelli said. “Royce punctuated it.”

Lewis’ home run put a jolt into the Target Field crowd that, to that point, had seen the Twins held quiet through the early innings.

The Twins (74-62) entered the bottom of the eighth with just three hits, trailing by two runs after a rare rocky outing from top reliever Griffin Jax, who walked a pair of batters and hit one with the bases loaded, allowing two runs to score in the inning.

A couple of hits in front of him from Ryan Jeffers and Austin Martin set the stage for Lewis, who rose to the occasion and gave the Twins their first lead of the day.

“One guy gets a hit and … it’s almost like you have an extra 10 percent chance of getting a hit just because someone else got a hit, and that’s what goes back to the love and care that we have for each other,” Lewis said. “This team, we really, truly buy into each other, and we play together very well.”

The Twins had been trailing since two batters into the game when Ernie Clement took Twins starting pitcher Bailey Ober deep for a home run. That was the only run — and hit — Ober would give up in a stellar bounce-back outing.

Ober left after six innings, and after striking out Blue Jays second baseman Leo Jiménez to strand a pair of runners and end his last inning, he hopped up, pounded his glove and let out some emotion as he left the mound.

“The emotion just getting out there, it was a big moment in the game being able to not allow any runs after those two guys got on,” Ober said.

But for as well as he pitched, the Twins were still trailing when Ober left.

It wasn’t until the seventh inning that the Twins got on the board, their first run since the fifth inning of Friday night’s game. Lewis, who walked to lead off the inning, came around to score on a Carlos Santana groundout.

It was a big day defensively for Lewis, as well, as the third baseman shifted across the infield and made his major league debut at second base. Lewis had been taking pregame grounders at the position, but the Twins had not said whether they would insert him at the position in-game.

Baldelli said they didn’t ask Lewis about going over there — they told him he was going to. And they were pleased with how he responded.

“I was actually probably in some ways happier to even see him go over to second base and make the plays and handle himself well,” Baldelli said. “It was an interesting day for him out there. He has the biggest swing, but he also did something that he hasn’t done before to help the team well.”

Ryan Jeffers #27 of the Minnesota Twins celebrates as he rounds the bases to score a run on a home run by Royce Lewis #23 in the eighth inning of the game against the Toronto Blue Jays at Target Field on Sept. 1, 2024 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. (Photo by Stephen Maturen/Getty Images)

Originally Published: September 1, 2024 at 4:31 PM CDT
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Minnesota House Republicans will need Democrats on first day of session, Steve Simon says
Charley Walters: Vikings fans should fret over Kevin O’Connell trade rumor
Frederick: Timberwolves had a plan, Anthony Edwards had other ideas
How the Vikings have ensured Khyree Jackson’s legacy lives on
Knights memories are golden for Fleury before his final game in Vegas
Skiing: Lauren Macuga wins, but Lindsey Vonn finishes fourth
‘I wanted to do something cool’: Meet the man who made the Minnesota-shaped forest
St. Paul prepares to welcome the globe for World Juniors hockey this year
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MINNESOTA TWINS
Twins add former top catching prospect Diego Cartaya in swap of minor leaguers
Twins acquire utility man Mickey Gasper from Boston for Jovani Moran
Shohei Ohtani wins 3rd AP Male Athlete of the Year award, tying Michael Jordan for 1 shy of record
Rickey Henderson, baseball’s flamboyant ‘Man of Steal,’ dies at 65
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Max Kepler reportedly reaches deal with Phillies, ending long tenure with Twins
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Twins choose minor league pitcher in Rule 5 draft
2024
September
1
SUBSCRIBE
Today’s Paper
Obituaries
Comics
Puzzles
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Newsroom Contacts
Pioneer Press Store
Photo reprints
Manage my account
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
HOME
News
Sports
Opinion
Things to Do
MARKETPLACE
Autos
Homes
Jobs
Work With Us
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Special Advertising Sections
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.twincities.com/2024/09/01/royce-lewis-late-heroics-lift-twins-to-victory/ 
 ----- 
