Menu 
Minnesota Twins vs. Toronto Blue Jays live stream, TV channel, start time, odds | September 1
Share this article
 share   tweet   email  
Data Skrive 
August 31, 2024 9:06 pm ET

The Minnesota Twins and Ryan Jeffers will square off against the Toronto Blue Jays and George Springer on Sunday at 2:10 p.m. ET, in the final of a three-game series at Target Field.

The Twins pitching staff ranks third in MLB with a collective 9.2 strikeouts per nine innings. The Blue Jays have hit 140 homers this season, which ranks 23rd in the league.

Before this Twins vs. Blue Jays showdown, here’s everything you need to get ready for Sunday’s MLB action, including viewing options.

Twins vs. Blue Jays: live stream info, TV channel & game time
Game Day: Sunday, September 1, 2024
Game Time: 2:10 p.m. ET
Location: Minneapolis, Minnesota
Stadium: Target Field
TV Channel: Bally Sports
Live Stream: Fubo (Watch for free)
Watch the MLB on Fubo!
Twins vs. Blue Jays odds & betting lines
Favorite: Twins (-185, bet $185 to win $100)
Underdog: Blue Jays (+154, bet $100 to win $154)
Over/under: 8.5

MLB odds courtesy of BetMGM Sportsbook. Odds updated Sunday at 9:06 a.m. ET. For a full list of sports betting odds, access USA TODAY Sports Betting Scores Odds Hub.

Gannett may earn revenue from sports betting operators for audience referrals to betting services. Sports betting operators have no influence over nor are any such revenues in any way dependent on or linked to the newsrooms or news coverage. Terms apply, see operator site for Terms and Conditions. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, help is available. Call the National Council on Problem Gambling 24/7 at 1-800-GAMBLER (NJ, OH), 1-800-522-4700 (CO), 1-800-BETS-OFF (IA), 1-800-9-WITH-IT (IN). Must be 21 or older to gamble. Sports betting and gambling are not legal in all locations. Be sure to comply with laws applicable where you reside.

We occasionally recommend interesting products and services. If you make a purchase by clicking one of the links, we may earn an affiliate fee. FTW operates independently, though, and this doesn’t influence our coverage.

Share this article
 share   tweet   email  
Like this article?

Sign up for our newsletter to get updates to your inbox, and also receive offers from us, our affiliates and partners. By signing up you agree to our Privacy Policy

Email
Sign up
More DS Betting
Follow FTW!
Sign up for our newsletter to get updates to your inbox, and also receive offers from us, our affiliates and partners. By signing up you agree to our Privacy Policy

Email
Sign up
See FTW stories in your feed
on Facebook
on Twitter
Hear FTW writers out loud
on Spotify
on iTunes

© Copyright For The Win 2025

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Manage Push Notifications
Contact For The Win

Powered by WordPress.com VIP

About Your Privacy

Clicking on the "Reject All" Button retains the default setting of only strictly necessary cookies.
We and our 155 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Cookies link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.For more information about how we use your data visit our Privacy Policy.

If you click "Accept All", we and our partners may process personal data for the following purposes:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All Accept All
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://ftw.usatoday.com/article/minnesota-twins-vs-toronto-blue-jays-live-stream-tv-channel-start-time-odds-september-1 
 ----- 
