Skip to main content
T
বাংলা
T20 WORLD CUP 2024
Star Sports Report
Sat Jun 8, 2024 05:56 AM
Last update on: Sat Jun 8, 2024 12:32 PM
205
Shares
Most Viewed

Robi gets acting CEO, as Rajeev Sethi moves to a new role within Axiata

 

‘No argument’ as experts back Bangladeshi umpire Saikat on Jaiswal decision

 

'Faruqi was killed by extremists over ideological differences'

 

Govt raises stipend; postgrad doctors to resume work tomorrow

Bangladesh beat Sri Lanka to get off to a winning start in T20 WC
Bangladesh batters Mahmudullah Riyad and Tanzim Hasan Sakib celebrate as Sri Lanka's Kusal Mendis (R) walks away after Bangladesh won the ICC men's Twenty20 World Cup 2024 group D match at the Grand Prairie Cricket Stadium in Grand Prairie, Texas, on June 7, 2024. PHOTO: AFP

Thanks to a brilliant bowling display and an explosive knock from Towhid Hridoy, Bangladesh got off to a winning start in the ongoing T20 World Cup as the Tigers beat Sri Lanka by two wickets in their Group D encounter at the Grand Prairie Stadium in Dallas today.

After Rishad Hossain and Mustafizur Rahman claimed three wickets each to restrict Sri Lanka to 124 for nine, Hridoy smashed a 20-ball 40 and Liton Das played a sensible 38-ball 36-run knock to see Bangladesh over the line in 19 overs. 

For all latest news, follow The Daily Star's Google News channel.

However, things got a bit nervy at the end as Bangladesh lost four wickets for just 14 runs, slumping from 99 for four to 113 for eight in 17.4 overs. Pacer Matheesha Pathirana had Shakib Al Hasan caught at third man before Nuwan Thushara got rid of Rishad Hossain and Taskin Ahmed in successive deliveries in the 18th over. 

Read more
ICC T20 World Cup 2024: All Bangladesh fixtures

Bangladesh did manage to survive and got within just five runs of the target when Mahmudullah Riyad smashed Dasun Shanaka for a maximum in the first ball of the penultimate over. The Tigers got over the line when Mahmudullah ran hard for a double in the final delivery of the 19th over as Bangladesh beat a Test-playing nation for the first time since their six-wicket win over the West Indies in their first-ever T20 World Cup game in 2007. 

Bangladesh also stuttered at the beginning of the chase today, losing both the openers -- Soumya Sarkar (0 off 2) and Tanzid Tamim (3 off 6) -- in the first two overs. Skipper Najmul Hossain Shanto also extended his lean patch as he could only manage seven off 13 deliveries before being dismissed off a Nuwan Thushara delivery to see Bangladesh in a spot of bother at three for 28 after 5.2 overs.   

It was Hridoy and Liton who helped Bangladesh recover from the early slump, stitching together a quickfire 63-run fourth-wicket stand. Hridoy was looking unstoppable, with the right-hander smoking Sri Lanka skipper Wanindu Hasaranga for three successive sixes -- two in the midwicket region and one over cover -- in the 12th over. However, Hridoy was trapped in front in the very next delivery as he failed in his attempt to sweep Hasaranga. 

Earlier, Bangladesh bowlers did a magnificent job to restrict Sri Lanka to a modest total following their flying start which saw them score 53 for the loss of two wickets in the Powerplay. Pacers Taskin Ahmed, Mustafizur, and young leggie Rishad got wickets at crucial junctures as Sri Lanka could only score 24 runs in the final six overs. 

Rishad returned figures of three for 22 and Taskin ended with two for 25 in his four overs. Mustafizur was the most economical of all, giving away just 17 in his four overs.

Hridoy departs after smashing 40 off 20

Towhid Hridoy's explosive innings of 40 off just 20 deliveries helped Bangladesh recover from a slump and get them closer to victory in their T20 World Cup game at the Grand Prairie Stadium in Dallas today.

Hridoy was looking unstoppable, with the right-hander smoking Sri Lanka skipper Wanindu Hasaranga for three successive sixes -- two in the midwicket region and one over cover -- in the 12th over. However, Hridoy was trapped in front in the very next delivery as he failed in his attempt to sweep Hasaranga. 

Bangladesh were reduced to three for 28 after 5.2 overs, but it was Hridoy and Liton Das who stitched a quickfire 63-run fourth-wicket stand to help Bangladesh get back into the game in stunning fashion.   

Tigers lose openers, skipper early

Bangladesh's top-order struggles continued as the Tigers lost both the openers and skipper Najmul Hossain Shanto inside the Powerplay of their T20 World Cup game against Sri Lanka at the Grand Prairie Stadium in Dallas today. 

Dhananjaya de Silva removed Soumya Sarkar for a two-ball duck in just the third ball of the innings before Nuwan Thushara rattled the stumps of Tanzid Tamim in the next over to leave Bangladesh in a spot of bother at two for six after 1.4 overs.  

Bangladesh skipper Shanto failed to snap out of his recent poor run of form as he was the next to fall when he drove a Thushara delivery straight into the hands of Charith Asalanka, who did a good job holding onto the low catch. Shanto departed after a 13-ball 7, leaving Bangladesh desperately in need of a partnership in their chase of a mediocre 125-run target.

  

Rishad, Fizz star as Tigers bounce back to restrict Sri Lanka to 124

Young leg-spinner Rishad Hossain and ace left-arm paceman Mustafizur Rahman shone with the ball in hand as Bangladesh bowlers did a tremendous job to restrict Sri Lanka to a modest total of 124 for nine following their flying start in a T20 World Cup game at the Grand Prairie Stadium in Dallas today. 

Rishad removed Charith Asalanka and Wanindu Hasaranga in successive deliveries in the 15th over, helping the Tigers assume control of the innings. Rishad got another big fish in Dhananjaya de Silva in the very first ball of his next over as he drew the right-handed batter forward to have him stumped.    

The 21-year-old Rishad, playing his first-ever World Cup game, ended with impressive figures of three for 22 in four overs. 

Taskin, who was also impressive with the ball, made Dasun Shanaka his second victim of the day when he had the batter edge one back to the keeper in the final delivery of the 18th over. Taskin also claimed the wicket of Kusal Mendis earlier and finished with figures of two for 25 in four overs. 

Mustafizur Rahman finished things off nicely, giving just three and also taking the wicket of Maheesh Theekshana in the penultimate over. He was also the most economical, giving away just 17 in his four overs while claiming a total of three wickets as Sri Lanka managed to score just 24 runs in the last six overs.   

However, things were very different in the beginning, with Sri Lanka making 53 for the loss of two wickets in the Powerplay. Nissanka looked the most dangerous, smashing seven fours and a six during his 28-ball 47 which is also the team-high for the Lankans in this game. 

 

 

Rishad gets two in two as Tigers bounce back

Bangladesh bowlers managed to take quick wickets and stem the flow of runs following a blistering start by Sri Lanka in their T20 World Cup game at the Grand Prairie Stadium in Dallas today. 

Sri Lanka scored 109 for five after 16 overs.

Leg-spinner Rishad Hossain removed Charith Asalanka and Wanindu Hasaranga in successive deliveries in the 15th over as the Tigers made amends for giving plenty in boundaries in the first 10 overs. While Asalanka was caught at backward square leg as he tried to slog sweep, Sri Lanka skipper Hasaranga was outdone by a brilliant delivery from Rishad, who induced an edge of the batter's willow to have him caught at slip.  

Before that, Mustafizur Rahman removed a dangerous-looking Pathum Nissanka in the ninth over -- caught at cover after the batter mistimed and skied a slower -- and since then the Lankans struggled to score as rapidly as they had done in the beginning.  

 
Sri Lanka off to flying start despite losing two wickets in Powerplay

Sri Lanka lost two wickets but managed to rack up the runs in the Powerplay as they raced to 53 after six overs in their T20 World Cup game against Bangladesh at the Grand Prairie Stadium in Dallas today.

Mustafizur Rahman had Kamindu Mendis chip one straight to Tanzim Hasan Sakib at mid-off in the very first ball of the final over of the Powerplay while pacer Taskin Ahmed had given the Tigers their first breakthrough with the wicket of Kusal Mendis in the third over. 

However, the wickets did very little to stem the flow of runs, with Sri Lankan batters already hitting a total of nine fours and one maximum. Pathum Nissanka, in particular, has been in exquisite touch, smoking Bangladesh's star all-rounder Shakib Al Hasan for four boundaries in the fifth over. Nissanka remains unbeaten on 34 off 18 deliveries. 

 

Taskin removes Mendis to give Tigers early breakthrough

Pacer Taskin Ahmed gave Bangladesh an early breakthrough in their opening T20 World Cup game against Sri Lanka at the Grand Prairie Stadium in Dallas today. 

Having been struck for boundaries in his first two deliveries, Taskin had Sri Lanka opener Kusal Mendis chop one onto his stumps in the very next ball of the third over. Taskin, however, remained expensive as he was hit for another boundary, giving away 12 in his first over. 

Sri Lanka, meanwhile, raced to 25 runs in three overs, with the Lankans' top-order batters not sparing any loose deliveries on top of playing some exquisite shots. 

Photo: X
Bangladesh opt to bowl against Sri Lanka

Bangladesh skipper Najmul Hossain Shanto won the toss and elected to bowl as the Tigers open their T20 World Cup campaign against Sri Lanka in Dallas today.

"We would like to bowl first as we expect some seam and swing early on," Shanto said following the toss. 

Bangladesh are going with three seamers -- Taskin Ahmed, Mustafizur Rahman, and Tanzim Hasan Sakib -- with leg-spinner Rishad Hossain and all-rounder Shakib Al Hasan the two frontline spinners for the game. Despite being off-colour in white-ball formats for a while, Liton Das gets a nod as he forms the top-order also featuring openers Tanzid Tamim and Soumya Sarkar. 

Meanwhile, Sri Lanka made one change from their opening game, with Dhananjaya de Silva coming in for Sadeera Samarawickrama.

Having featured in all the editions of the T20 World Cup, Bangladesh will be hoping to re-write their records in the ninth edition of the mega event this time around as the Tigers have never progressed beyond the group stage of the tournament. 

The omens, however, have not been inspiring for Bangladesh in their build-up to the tournament. They won a series against Zimbabwe at home but played very poor cricket in that 4-1 victory. Then they suffered a humiliating 2-1 series defeat against associates and co-hosts USA just before the World Cup. 

With a misfiring top order and an overall inconsistent batting line-up, Bangladesh will have their work cut out against the Lankans. This game, however, remains a crucial one for the Tigers as a victory today would go a long way in helping them progress from a group that also includes South Africa, Nepal, and the Netherlands. 

Sri Lanka were bundled out for just 77 and suffered a six-wicket defeat in their first group game against South Africa in New York. The Lankans will be desperate to bounce back to winning ways and better their current net run rate of -1.048.

 

Playing XIs:

Bangladesh: Tanzid Hasan, Soumya Sarkar, Liton Das(w), Najmul Hossain Shanto(c), Towhid Hridoy, Shakib Al Hasan, Mahmudullah, Rishad Hossain, Taskin Ahmed, Mustafizur Rahman, Tanzim Hasan Sakib

Sri Lanka: Pathum Nissanka, Kusal Mendis(w), Kamindu Mendis, Dhananjaya de Silva, Charith Asalanka, Wanindu Hasaranga(c), Angelo Mathews, Dasun Shanaka, Maheesh Theekshana, Nuwan Thushara, Matheesha Pathirana
 

 

Related topic:
T20 World Cup 2024
Bangladesh vs Sri Lanka
Click to comment
Related News
Planning, execution, process coming together for Tigers
6m ago
Farooqi threat looms over Tigers’ left-handed top-order
1m ago
We totally failed with the bat: Zakir
9m ago
Rohit hails India World Cup win as 'dream come true for a billion'
6m ago
India on course to 'win many more' trophies, says Ganguly
6m ago
|সম্পাদকীয়
২০২৫ সালে সবাইকে নিয়ে সামনে এগিয়ে যেতে হবে

নতুন বছর বাংলাদেশের জন্য নতুন সুযোগ এনেছে

 ২৩ মিনিট আগে
|বাণিজ্য
সারাবিশ্বে কমতে পারে নিত্যপণ্যের দাম, বাংলাদেশ সুফল পাবে?
 ১ ঘণ্টা আগে
Journalism without fear or favour
About Us
Contact Us
Apps
Comment Policy
RSS
Sitemap
Advertisement
Newsletter
Privacy Policy
Conference Hall
Archives
© 2025 thedailystar.net | Powered by: RSI LAB
Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thedailystar.net/sports/sports-special/t20-world-cup-2024/news/bangladesh-beat-sri-lanka-get-winning-start-t20-wc-3629656 
 ----- 
