Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.
Sport
|
ICC Men's T20 World Cup
Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh at T20 World Cup: Form, head-to-head, team news

After crumbling in their T20 World Cup opener, Sri Lanka will look to make amends against Bangladesh.

Both Sri Lanka and Bangladesh will be looking to pick up their first points of the tournament [File: Manish Swarup/AP]
By Al Jazeera Staff
Published On 7 Jun 2024
7 Jun 2024

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Who: Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh
What: ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2024 Group D match
When: Friday, June 7, 7:30pm local time (00:30 GMT)
Where: Grand Prairie Stadium, Dallas
How to follow: Al Jazeera will have live text coverage of the match from 21:30 GMT.

After a heavy defeat in their opening match against South Africa in New York, Sri Lanka will be desperate for redemption in Dallas, where they face familiar foes Bangladesh.

KEEP READING
list of 4 items
list 1 of 4
Meet Jomboy – the American baseball pundit making cricket fun for newbies
list 2 of 4
Ten years on, ‘dark horses’ Sri Lanka are on a quest for second T20 title
list 3 of 4
T20 World Cup: Bangladesh need a ‘rethink’ to end long wait for world title
list 4 of 4
These five young players could light up the T20 World Cup 2024
end of list

Sri Lanka were bowled out for 77 – their lowest total in T20 internationals – against South Africa’s pace attack on a tricky pitch, suffering a six-wicket defeat.

The result moved Sri Lanka to fourth place in Group D behind leaders South Africa, the Netherlands and Nepal, who have all played a match each. It also dented Sri Lanka’s net run rate, which stands at -1.048, and the island nation cannot afford to slip up again.

“We had a good chat with the boys and they have realised the mistakes they made,” Sri Lanka’s batting coach Thilina Kandambi told reporters on Thursday.

Advertisement

“They are experienced enough to come back in this game. We have spoken about it – a lot of things, how we are going to play up … I think boys are pretty much up for it.”

Sign up for Al Jazeera
Americas Coverage Newsletter
US politics, Canada’s multiculturalism, South America’s geopolitical rise—we bring you the stories that matter.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
Bangladesh eye improved performance

Sri Lanka and Bangladesh share an inane rivalry. Over the past few years and competitions, players have mocked and sledged each other on the field, adding more spice and drama to this contest.

While Sri Lanka had a shaky start to the tournament, Bangladesh also have had a bad form in the shortest format this year.

Bangladesh lost comprehensively against title favourites India in the pre-tournament warm-up match and suffered a shock T20 series loss at the hands of a fairly inexperienced USA side before the World Cup.

However, Bangladesh captain Najmul Hossain Shanto insists they have put those losses behind them.

“It’s very true that the top-order batsmen didn’t do well or they are not doing well. But tomorrow is completely a new day,” Shanto told reporters.

“I think everyone is giving 100 percent in practice and if you talk about improvement, everyone is in a good condition.

“Everyone is in a better position than before. Without worrying much about what happened before, tomorrow is a new day, we don’t know who will play well or who will not.”

Shanto urged his players to “finish the game” once they get going.

“We are working hard. The batters have prepared themselves, if we can execute it, it will be a good match,” he concluded.

The result of Friday’s contest could play a big role in both sides’ odds of making out of the so-called group of death and qualifying for the Super Eight stage.

Advertisement

Sri Lanka won the title in 2014, while Bangladesh’s best finish has been reaching the second round.

Pitch and weather conditions

The Grand Prairie Stadium in Dallas has hosted three matches, all featuring varied results. The first match was high-scoring, the next was low-scoring, while the third was an upset as the USA beat Pakistan in a super over after both teams scored 159.

The pitch is still expected to be good for batting. The weather is forecast to be fair with no rain.

Head-to-head

Sri Lanka and Bangladesh have met 16 times in T20 internationals, with Sri Lanka winning 11 times.

Form

Sri Lanka lost by six wickets in their last World Cup encounter against South Africa. Before the tournament, they defeated Bangladesh 2-1 in a series in March and Afghanistan 2-1 in February.

Bangladesh lost 2-1 to the United States in a series just before the World Cup at the end of May, while they beat Zimbabwe 4-1 in a series earlier that month.

Sri Lanka: L W L W L
Bangladesh: W L L L W

Sri Lanka team news

Sri Lanka are likely to play Dushmantha Chameera in place of either Nuwan Thushara or Maheesh Theekshana, depending on conditions. Sri Lanka’s batting coach has said they will not make many changes from the team that lost last time.

Squad: Wanindu Hasaranga, Charith Asalanka, Kusal Mendis, Pathum Nissanka, Kamindu Mendis, Sadeera Samarawickrama, Angelo Mathews, Dasun Shanaka, Dhananjaya De Silva, Maheesh Theekshana, Dunith Wellalage, Dushmantha Chameera, Nuwan Thushara, Matheesha Pathirana, Dilshan Madushanka.

Advertisement
Bangladesh team news

Taskin Ahmed has returned after his hamstring injury, but Shoriful Islam, who injured his hand during the warm-up game against India, remains a concern.

Squad: Najmul Hossain Shanto, Taskin Ahmed, Litton Das, Soumya Sarkar, Tanzid Hasan Tamim, Shakib Al Hasan, Tawhid Hridoy, Mahmudullah Riyad, Jaker Ali Anik, Tanvir Islam, Shak Mahedi Hasan, Rishad Hossain, Mustafizur Rahman, Shoriful Islam, Tanzim Hasan Sakib.

(Al Jazeera)
SOURCE: AL JAZEERA
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 873 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2024/6/7/sri-lanka-vs-bangladesh-live-score-team-news-squad-commentary-hasaranga-mendis-shanto-shakib-cricket 
 ----- 
