Login
Bangladesh
International
Sports
Opinion
Business
Youth
Entertainment
Lifestyle
Claim vs Fact
বাংলা
By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy.
OK
Interview
Photo
Photo
Cricket
ICC T20 World Cup
Mahmudullah's last-minute heroics guide Bangladesh to victory over Sri Lanka
Sports Desk
Updated: 08 Jun 2024, 05: 41 
Follow us
Bangladesh's Mahmudullah plays a shot during the ICC men's Twenty20 World Cup 2024 group D cricket match between Sri Lanka and Bangladesh at the Grand Prairie Cricket Stadium in Grand Prairie, Texas, on 7 June 2024.AFP

A coordinated effort of first by the bowlers, then by the batsmen helped Bangladesh script a two-wicket win over Sri Lanka in their T20 World Cup Group D match in Grand Prairie, Texas, on Saturday Dhaka time.

Set a modest target of 125, the Tigers were undone by disciplined Lankans bowling, slumping to 28 for three in the sixth over before Towhid Hridoy’s 40 off 20 balls (a four, four sixes) stole the spotlight from the power-hitting Liton Das (36 off 38 balls).

Bangladesh fell for the Lankan bowling again losing four wickets in just five overs and slumping to 113 for eight in the eighteenth over, but experienced Mahmudullah (16 off 13 balls) took the helm and guided the Tigers to reach the target with an over to spare.

For Sri Lanka, Nuwan Thushara finished with 4-18 from his four overs.

News agency AFP adds: It was the final of four games at the Grand Prairie Stadium and the Dallas crowd have been treated to some top entertainment on a surface which offered some bounce and produced good contests between bat and ball.

Bangladesh's Shakib Al Hasan (R) and Bangladesh's Litton Das run between wickets during the ICC men's Twenty20 World Cup 2024 group D cricket match between Sri Lanka and Bangladesh at the Grand Prairie Cricket Stadium in Grand Prairie, Texas, on 7 June 2024.AFP

Sri Lanka made a fast start, rattling their way to 53-2 in six overs and they progressed to 100-3 after 14 overs with Pathum Nissanka's 47 from 28 including eight boundaries (one six).

But then the 21-year-old wrist spinner Rishad struck twice in successive balls to totally change the momentum of the innings.

Charith Asalanka's sweep shot found Shakib Al Hasan at deep backward square and he snaffled up the catch.

Sri Lanka skipper Wanindu Hasaranga was the next victim of Rishad's spin, edging a sharply turning delivery to Soumya Sarkar at slip.

Dhananjaya de Silva who made a solid 21 off 26 balls was then beaten by Rishad's flight and was stumped by the alert Liton.

Sri Lanka were just able to add 24 runs from the final six overs losing six wickets in that period.

Rishad finished with career-best T20I figures of 3-22 from his four overs.

Mustafizur Rahman finished with 3-17 from four overs while Taskin Ahmed also bowled well for his 2-25.

Bangladesh made a shaky start and were struggling at 28-3 in the sixth over before Liton and Hridoy put together a crucial 63-run partnership.

Hridoy hit Hasaranga for three consecutive sixes before he was trapped leg before on the next ball and when Hasarange removed Liton, there was a glimmer of hope for Sri Lanka.

Fans sing the National Anthem ahead of the ICC men's Twenty20 World Cup 2024 group D cricket match between Sri Lanka and Bangladesh at the Grand Prairie Cricket Stadium in Grand Prairie, Texas, on 7 June 2024.AFP

A brilliant diving catch in the deep from Maheesh Theekshana saw the back of Shakib Al Hasan to leave Bangladesh at 109-6.

Thushara then returned to the attack and removed Rishad and Taskin to increase the pressure but when Mahmudullah dispatched a loose full toss from Dasun Shanaka for six over mid-wicket, the nerves eased and victory was soon secured.

Bangladesh were playing their first game of the tournament after an unimpressive warm-up campaign saw them lose a three-game series to the USA and then lose by 60 runs to India.

Follow the Google news channel to get Prothom Alo's latest news
Read more from Cricket
ICC T20 World Cup
More on ICC T20 World Cup
Run blitz edges India, S Africa closer to semi-finals
10 Oct 2024
Spinners come to party as Bangladesh lose to England at T20 World Cup
06 Oct 2024
India bemoan 'harsh' T20 World Cup run-out row
05 Oct 2024
Sea of fans gathers in Mumbai to welcome World Cup winning India team
04 Jul 2024
News being published based on rumours regarding me: Taskin
03 Jul 2024
World Cup was a milestone for cricket's global ambitions
01 Jul 2024
India's Jadeja retires from T20 cricket after World Cup victory
30 Jun 2024
Anushka shares special note for Kohli after India wins trophy
30 Jun 2024
Bangladesh
International
Sports
Opinion
Business
Youth
Entertainment
Lifestyle
Environment
Science & Technology
Corporate
Photo
Video
e-Paper
Search
বাংলা সংস্করণ
Follow us
Download mobile apps
Prothom Alo
Advertise
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Copyright © 1998-2025 Prothom Alo
Editor & Publisher: Matiur Rahman
Prothom Alo asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options

To receive news updates from 'Prothom Alo English', click Allow

Allow

Close
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://en.prothomalo.com/sports/cricket/pe7d3t5oui 
 ----- 
