 
HOME
LATEST
CRICKET▼
FOOTBALL▼
HOCKEY
OFF BEAT ▼
DIGITAL
OTHER SPORTS ▼
International
T20 World Cup: Shoriful Islam picks injury during warm-up match against India
The pacer injured his hand while bowling his last over
By Web Desk June 02, 2024
Shoriful Islam of Bangladesh. — AFP 

Bangladesh's pacer Shoriful Islam got injured during the warm-up match of the ICC T20 World Cup 2024 against India in New York on Saturday.


Shoriful has split the webbing of his bowling hand — which is his left hand — between the index and middle finger.

During the match, Shoriful tried to stop a drive from Hardik Pandya in the last over of the first innings. He seemed in extreme pain and was taken off the field for immediate treatment by the team physio Bayjedul Islam Khan.

The Bangladesh Cricket Board's (BCB) chief physician Dr Debashis Chowdhury, later revealed that the left-arm pacer required six stitches to the hand. 

"Shoriful suffered a split injury between the index and middle finger of his left hand while trying to stop a ball in his last over," Chowdhury said. "After initial medical attention, he was taken to Nassau University Medical Centre. The hand surgeon administered six stitches. We will visit him again after two days. We will know then how much time it will take for Shoriful to return."

Bangladesh will play their first match of the tournament on June 7 against Sri Lanka in Dallas and Shoriful will have six days to recuperate before the team kicks off their journey in the tournament.

Bangladesh’s Taskin Ahmed is also under recovery after he sustained a side-strain. This puts the Bangladeshi team and management under pressure because if Ahmed and Shoriful do not recover before the Sri Lanka match, then the team will be without their main bowlers.

It should be noted that Bangladesh lost the warm-up game by 60 runs with Shoriful taking one wicket for 26 runs.

Bangladesh squad for T20 World Cup 2024:

Najmul Hossain Shanto (c), Taskin Ahmed, Litton Das, Soumya Sarkar, Tanzid Hasan Tamim, Shakib Al Hasan, Tawhid Hridoy, Mahmud Ullah Riyad, Jaker Ali Anik, Tanvir Islam, Shak Mahedi Hasan, Rishad Hossain, Mustafizur Rahman, Shoriful Islam, Tanzim Hasan Sakib.

Travelling reserves: Afif Hossain, Hasan Mahmud.

Bangladesh’s match fixtures for the T20 World Cup 2024:

7 June 2024 – Bangladesh v Sri Lanka, Dallas

10 June 2024 – Bangladesh v South Africa, New York

13 June 2024 – Bangladesh v Netherlands, St. Vincent,

16 June 2024 – Bangladesh v Nepal, St. Vincent

  
Comments
LATEST NEWS
Australian media dubs Rohit Sharma ‘captain cry-baby’
Record-setting Afghanistan settle for draw against Zimbabwe
Ravi Shastri predicts Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli's future in Tests
Rohit calls India’s collapse ‘mentally disturbing’ after Melbourne Test defeat
MORE FROM INTERNATIONAL
Can India still qualify for WTC final after Melbourne Test defeat?
Australia suffer injury blow ahead of fifth Test against India
Jasprit Bumrah achieves historic feat during fourth Test against Australia
Lyon frustrates India after Labuschagne, Cummins recover Australia
Gutsy Reddy scores maiden century to bring India back in Boxing Day Test
Smith’s ton, late wickets keep Australia on top in fourth India Test
Australian media calls Virat Kohli ‘clown’ for shoulder-bumping Sam Konstas
Irfan Pathan slams Virat Kohli over altercation with Konstas

Copyright © 2025. GEO SUPER, All Rights Reserved

About Us
|
Conatct Us
   
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.geosuper.tv/latest/36657-t20-world-cup-shoriful-islam-picks-injury-warm-up-match-against-india 
 ----- 
