MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Mitchell, Allen lead Cavaliers to efficient 135-116 win over Wizards
Updated Oct. 26, 2024 9:44 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

WASHINGTON (AP) — Donovan Mitchell scored 30 points, Jarrett Allen added 23 while going 10 for 10 from the floor and the Cleveland Cavaliers eased to a 135-116 victory over the Washington Wizards on Saturday night.

Darius Garland also had 23 points, and Evan Mobley scored 13 points and grabbed 13 rebounds as Cleveland remained perfect three games into their new season.

The Cavaliers shot 54% (47 of 87) from the floor to complete their ninth consecutive victory over Washington. A night earlier, they defeated Detroit for a 10th straight time.

Bilal Coulibaly scored a career-high 23 points for Washington, which has lost its first two games by a combined 39 points at home after posting a franchise-worst 15-67 record last season.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link
Takeaways

Cavaliers: This was a professional performance on the second night of a back-to-back set for Cleveland. But the schedule gets much tougher with six games against teams that reached last season's playoffs.

Wizards: Last season's leading scorer Kyle Kuzma is struggling so far. He made only 3 of 16 shots in 24 minutes (and missed all four of his attempts from beyond the arc) after going 6 for 16 in Washington's season-opening defeat against Boston.

Key moment

After Kuzma's dunk to open the second half, Mitchell sank a 3-pointer, a mid-range jumper and assisted Garland's 3-pointer during Cleveland's 12-0 run to build a 16-point advantage. Washington would not get within single digits again.

Here's What a New Walk-in Shower Should Cost In 2025
Homebuddy|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Find The Best Cowboy Boots for Wide...
Ariat|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
Key stat

Believe it or not, Allen's perfect shooting performance marks only his second-most made field goals without a miss in his career. He went 11 for 11 on Oct. 21, 2021, against Memphis.

Up next

Both teams are on the road Monday, with the Cavaliers visiting the New York Knicks and the Wizards in Atlanta.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
Best landing spots for Phoenix Suns star Bradley Beal
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Washington Wizards
Cleveland Cavaliers
National Basketball Association
Kyle Kuzma
Evan Mobley
Darius Garland
Jarrett Allen
Donovan Mitchell
Washington Wizards
Cleveland Cavaliers
NBA - Cleveland Cavaliers vs. Washington Wizards - 10/26/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/mitchell-allen-lead-cavaliers-to-efficient-135116-win-over-wizards 
 ----- 
