Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
NBA Fans React to Pistons’ Turnover Madness in Loss vs Cavs
The Detroit Pistons fell short against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday.
Justin Grasso | Oct 26, 2024
Oct 25, 2024; Cleveland, Ohio, USA; Cleveland Cavaliers guard Donovan Mitchell (45) drives to the basket against Detroit Pistons guard Cade Cunningham (2) during the second half at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse. Mandatory Credit: Ken Blaze-Imagn Images / Ken Blaze-Imagn Images
In this story:
Detroit Pistons
Cleveland Cavaliers

JB Bickerstaff’s Detroit Pistons paid a visit to his old team on Friday night. While the Pistons found success against the Cleveland Cavaliers during the preseason, they couldn’t get out of their own way on Friday.

The game started out tight, resembling Detroit’s early success against the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday. A storm of turnovers through the first half and a big second-quarter offensive showing from the Cavs allowed Cleveland to take a ten-point lead at halftime.

For the second game in a row, Cade Cunningham put on a strong third-quarter performance for the Pistons, scoring half of their points on seven shots. However, a lack of help on the offensive end of the floor allowed the Cavaliers to begin pulling away.

The Pistons went into the fourth quarter trailing 91-79. Cleveland held a comfortable enough lead to put the Pistons away with a 113-101 victory.

In total, Detroit turned the ball over 22 times, compared to Cleveland's 13.

NBA Fans React to Pistons’ Loss vs Cavaliers

@pistons_jack: One of the most frustrating games I’ve watched. The Cavs are really good, but the Pistons had plenty of opportunities to win this one. 22 turnovers and foul trouble to key guys hurt them in this one… another missed opportunity.

One of the most frustrating games I’ve watched.

The Cavs are really good, but the Pistons had plenty of opportunities to win this one.

22 turnovers and foul trouble to key guys hurt them in this one… another missed opportunity.

How are we feeling? pic.twitter.com/deLWczWL4w

— Pistons Jack (@pistons_jack) October 26, 2024

@Pistons__Talk: Turnovers killed us tonight

Turnovers killed us tonight pic.twitter.com/uWHKQeFYAB

— Pistons Talk (@Pistons__Talk) October 26, 2024

@GibbsForSix: Hey can you tell Cade to stop turning the ball over

Hey can you tell Cade to stop turning the ball over

— 𝓪𝓵𝓮𝔁 💫 (@GibbsForSix) October 26, 2024

@jeremie_loyalty: Still early in the season they’re gonna improve later on

Still early in the season they’re gonna improve later on

— JeremieLoyalty (@jeremie_loyalty) October 26, 2024

@MatthewVanHale1: HERE WE GO AGAIN…

HERE WEGO AGAIN…

— ME (@MatthewVanHale1) October 26, 2024

Cade Cunningham had another stellar personal performance for the Pistons on Friday. Outside of his game-high nine turnovers, which contributed to the early struggles, Cunningham finished the game with 33 points in 34 minutes. He shot 14-24 from the field.

The veteran guard also produced four rebounds and six assists. The Pistons received a decent scoring game from the preseason standout Jaden Ivey, who scored 22 points on 50 percent shooting from the field. The third-year veteran came down with five rebounds and dished out four assists.

The Pistons won’t get much rest after a loss in Cleveland. On Saturday, the Pistons are right back on the floor to face the Boston Celtics.

Published Oct 26, 2024
JUSTIN GRASSO

Follow JGrasso_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/pistons/news/nba-fans-react-pistons-turnover-madness-loss-vs-cavs 
 ----- 
