Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Cavaliers Star Defends Pistons Coach From ‘Lukewarm’ Fan Reaction
J.B. Bickerstaff still has a fan in Jarrett Allen.
Justin Grasso | Oct 26, 2024
Mar 5, 2024; Cleveland, Ohio, USA; Cleveland Cavaliers head coach J.B. Bickerstaff reacts during the first half against the Boston Celtics at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse. Mandatory Credit: Ken Blaze-Imagn Images / Ken Blaze-Imagn Images
In this story:
Detroit Pistons
Cleveland Cavaliers

JB Bickerstaff returned to Cleveland to face the Cavaliers as the Detroit Pistons’ coach for the first time during the regular season on Friday night.

When Bickerstaff was introduced to the crowd, the reception was described as “lukewarm” by a reporter after the game. There were some cheers—but boos were noticeable as well.

After the game, Cavaliers star center Jarrett Allen defended his former head coach after seeing how Bickerstaff was received in his return.

Oct 23, 2024; Toronto, Ontario, CAN; Toronto Raptors guard Gradey Dick (1) drives to the basket as Cleveland Cavaliers center Jarrett Allen (31) defends during the third quarter at Scotiabank Arena. Mandatory Credit: Nick Turchiaro-Imagn Images / Nick Turchiaro-Imagn Images

“I don’t think it should’ve been lukewarm,” Allen told reporters. “I think it should’ve all praise for him.”

Similar to the current state of the Pistons, Bickerstaff took over a Cavaliers team that wasn’t in playoff contention just yet. By year four, the Cavs finished with a 51-31 record to make the postseason in 2023. After losing in round one, the Cavaliers saw postseason progress the following year as they went 48-34 and made a run to the second round of the playoffs.

Despite the progress, the Cavaliers moved on from Bickerstaff. They hired former Golden State Warriors assistant Kenny Atkinson while watching Bickerstaff join a division rival in Detroit. Rival or not, Allen still believes Bickerstaff’s work in Cleveland should be applauded.

“He came in when this team was not high in the standings, and he turned everything around. … It was a rocky ending, as some people say, but he gave everything to this team, and I think the fans should applaud him for that,” the center finished.

Allen helped lead the charge for the Cavaliers, who spoiled Bickerstaff’s return to Cleveland. The center checked in for 31 minutes and collected a double-double with 17 points and 11 rebounds. The Cavaliers put the Pistons away with a 113-101 victory.

Bickerstaff and the Pistons are in Boston for a Saturday night matchup against the Celtics to complete the back-to-back. While Bickerstaff’s squad is 0-1 against his former organization, he’ll get a chance to even the series on January 27, when the Pistons return to Cleveland.

Published Oct 26, 2024
JUSTIN GRASSO

Follow JGrasso_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/pistons/news/cavaliers-star-defends-pistons-coach-from-lukewarm-fan-reaction 
 ----- 
