Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
ENTERTAINMENT
Halloween favorites highlight our list of 27 things to do in Greater Cleveland this weekend
Updated: Oct. 24, 2024, 5:59 a.m.|Published: Oct. 24, 2024, 5:59 a.m.

Patrons to the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo dressed up in their favorite Halloween costumes partaking in the Trick-or-Trick Fest. John Kuntz, cleveland.com

By Mike Rose, cleveland.com

CLEVELAND, Ohio - As the holiday draws near, get ready to enjoy a bunch of Halloween-related events this weekend. Other things going on around town include Browns, Cavs and Monsters games, closing weekends for several popular shows, a gymnastics exhibition starring Olympian Simone Biles and much more!

Here’s a look at our curated list of more than two dozen events taking place this weekend and beyond for a wide variety of happenings for adults, kids and the whole family.

Browns vs. Ravens

0:00
/
1:46
Keep Watching
Is Your Parents' Money Advice Costing You? 10 Ways They Sabotaged Your Financial MindsetIs Your Parents' Money Advice Costing You? 10 Ways They Sabotaged Your Financial Mindset

Cleveland’s conference rivals fly into town for an afternoon battle on the lake.

Huntington Bank Field, 100 Alfred Lerner Way, Cleveland

1 p.m., Oct. 27

clevelandbrowns.com

Cavs vs. Pistons

Head downtown as Cleveland hosts Detroit at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse. Tickets $34 and up.

1 Center Ct., Cleveland

7:30 p.m., Oct. 25

nba.com/cavaliers/

Howl-O-Ween Bash

Grab your Halloween costume and enjoy a fun night at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo. Night features live bands and entertainers, DJ and much more. Food and beverage available for purchase. Tickets $30. 21-and-over only.

3900 Wildlife Way, Cleveland

6-10 p.m., Oct. 25

clevelandmetroparks.com/zoo/

Halloween Spooktacular: Heroes & Villains!

Throw on a costume and join the Cleveland Orchestra for a family concert featuring a mix of classical and modern songs perfect for the season. Saturday’s performance will be a sensory-friendly, inclusive concert with relaxed house rules. Tickets $18-33.

Mandel Concert Hall, Severance Music Center, Cleveland

2 p.m., Oct. 26-27

clevelandorchestra.com/attend/concerts-and-events/

Trick or Treat at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo

Trick or Treat runs in tandem with general admission to the zoo. Daytime visitors must have Trick-or-Treat Fest tickets to access the event area and activities. These include more than a dozen trick-or-treat stations along, a Monster Mash Dance Party and more. The first 1,000 guests each day receive a complimentary trick or treat bag. Tickets $11 non-members, $9 members

3900 Wildlife Way, Cleveland

10:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays from October 25-27

clevelandmetroparks.com

HalloWeekends at Cedar Point

Enjoy the final weekends of the season at Cedar Point with a daytime fall festival that gives way to spooky and frightening fun at night. Enjoy your favorite rides, haunted mazes and outdoor scare zones as well as themed food, kids activities and live entertainment. Or just ride your favorite roller coasters. Tickets start at $49.99.

1 Cedar Point Dr., Sandusky

Now through Nov. 2

cedarpoint.com/events/halloweekends

I-X Trick or Treat Street

Kids 10 and under can enjoy an afternoon of spooky and safe fun featuring creatively decorated house, kiddie rides and live entertainment throughout the day. Tickets $16 in advance, $20 day of. Senior and military discounts available.

One I-X Center Drive, Cleveland

11 a.m. - 7 p.m., Oct. 26

11 a.m. - 6 p.m., Oct. 27

ixtrickortreatstreet.com/event

Pumpkins & Piranhas

Enjoy indoor fun featuring costumed divers, animal encounters, Halloween decor and music and live activities. Sunday night will be a sensory-friendly experience night. Tickets $16.95 for kids (2-12), $19.95 for adults or $5 for passholders. Children under 2 are free.

Greater Cleveland Aquarium, 2000 Sycamore St., Cleveland

5 p.m. - 8 p.m., Oct. 25-28

greaterclevelandaquarium.com

Halloween Drive-Thru

Enjoy the roads and trails of Lake Metroparks Farmpark from the comfort of your own vehicle. Tickets timed by the half-hour, $27.50 per carload.

8800 Euclid Chardon Road, Kirtland

6:30 p.m. - 8:30 p.m., Oct. 25-27

lakemetroparks.com/events-activities/

Tricks & Treats

Bring the kids to enjoy trick-or-treating, a pet costume contest, dance parties, food trucks and more.

Crocker Park, Westlake

Noon - 3 p.m., Oct. 26

crockerpark.com/tricksandtreats/

Double Decker Halloween Party

Enjoy live dancing and live music featuring Bob Gatewood & Calabash and The Breakfast Club. Night also features costume party and cash bar and culminates with a fireworks display outside. Tickets $20 in advance, $25 at the door. 21-and-over only.

Padua High School, 6740 State Rd., Parma

7 p.m., Oct. 26

paduadoubledeckerdance.com/

Patterson Family Fun Fest

Take the kids to the Patterson’s Family Fun Fest to see how apples are grown and experience farm-related play. The farm has wagon rides, corn maze, a giant covered straw pile, pedal tractors, push carts, tire swings, sand box and more. For an extra fee enjoy face painting and pumpkin painting. Tickets $7 to $11.

8765 Mulberry Rd, Chesterland

Through October 27

pattersonfarm.com

Pumpkin Village at Mapleside Farms

This popular fall festival is back with 20+ attractions on 100 picturesque acres including a giant corn maze, super slide and hayrides. The orchard celebrates Spooky Fest this weekend. Tickets $15-$18.

Weekends through Oct. 27

294 Pearl Rd., Brunswick

mapleside.com/fall

Halloween at Skylight Park

Tower City Center’s Halloween event will boast a spooky tower. It’s a world of ghosts, ghouls and games. Stroll down the grand hall to check out mysterious characters and festive decorations. Saturday also features a Fall Fest (Noon - 6 p.m.) which includes trick-or-treating, inflatable corn maze, games and more.

Tower City Center, 230 W. Huron Road, Cleveland

11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 26; noon to 5 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 27

towercitycenter.com/events

Trick or Treat at Steelyard Commons

Enjoy face painting, glitter tattoos and an afternoon of trick-or-treating from participating retailers (while supplies last).

Steelyard Commons, Cleveland

11 a.m. - 1 p.m., Oct. 26

steelyard-commons.com/#news-and-promotions

Howl-O-Ween celebration

Spooky season spirits are here. Families will be transported into an autumn paradise as the Great Wolf Lodge features seasonal decor and a variety of Halloween-themed festivities. Don your favorite costume and hit the new trick-or-treat trail, which includes a candy corn-inspired stop. A monster bash dance party allows kids to get out their jitters before bedtime, plus there’s arts and crafts, Halloween trivia, “Boo Bingo” and Howl-O-Ween drinks. Tickets: Admission is included for those staying at the lodge.

Great Wolf Lodge, 4600 Milan Road, Sandusky

Through Thursday, Oct. 31

greatwolf.com/howl-o-ween

Mushroomhead: Halloween 2024

Longtime alternative rockers are back for another Halloween show this year. Night also features Upon A Burning Body, There Is No Us, Mind Incision, Bittersweet Revenge and Psycho Plantation. Tickets $39.50 - 79.50 in advance. Doors open one hour prior to show.

The Agora, 5000 Euclid Ave., Cleveland

6:30 p.m., Oct. 26

agoracleveland.com/events/detail/551126

Taylor Tomlinson live

Stand-up comedian brings her Save Me Tour to Playhouse Square this weekend. Tickets $49.75 and up.

KeyBank State Theatre, 1519 Euclid, Ave., Cleveland

7 p.m., Oct. 25 and 8 p.m., Oct. 26

playhousesquare.org/events/detail/taylor-tomlinson-1

The Masque

Head to the Akron Civic Theatre for an elegant masquerade ball. Put on your best and dance the night away. Event features a full bar, signature cocktail, light hors d’oeuvres, and live entertainment. Tickets $80. 21-and-over only.

182 S. Main Street, Akron

8 p.m., Oct. 26

akroncivic.com/the-masque-october-26-2024

Monsters vs. Americans

Professional hockey returns to Cleveland as the Monsters celebrate their season home opener vs. Rochester. First 5,000 fans will receive and opening night schedule shirt. Tickets start at $12

Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse, Cleveland

7 p.m., Oct. 26

https://www.clevelandmonsters.com/games

Gold Over America Tour

Watch Simone Biles and your favorite male and female gymnasts bring their talents to the stage. Enjoy choreographed routines that will have you on the edge of your seats. Tickets $35 and up.

Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse, Cleveland

7 p.m., Oct. 27

rocketmortgagefieldhouse.com/events/

Cleveland Pops Orchestra: Broadway’s Best

Enjoy an evening featuring your favorite stage tunes from the hottest new shows to classics beloved by all generations. Tickets $37 and up.

Mandel Concert Hall, Severance Music Center, Cleveland

7:30 p.m., Oct. 25

clevelandorchestra.com/attend/concerts-and-events/

The Neil Diamond Musical: A Beautiful Noise

The musical follows the life of singer Neil Diamond - a kid from Brooklyn who became a chart-busting singer who has sold 120 million albums. C’mon, you know you are dying to sing along to “Sweet Caroline” – BAHAMP BAHMP BAHMP! This is the final weekend of the show. Tickets $30-125.

Playhouse Square, Connor Palace, 1615 Euclid Ave., Cleveland

7:30 p.m., Oct. 24 & 25

1:30 and 7:30 p.m., Oct. 26

1 and 6:30 p.m., Oct. 27

playhousesquare.org/events/detail/a-beautiful-noise

A Midsummer’s Night Dream

Shakespeare’s play blends mismatched love, mischievous fairies (of course) and theatrical blundering. Tickets: $20-$89.

Playhouse Square, Hanna Theatre, 2067 E. 14th St., Cleveland

7:30 p.m., Oct. 24-25

1:30 p.m., Oct. 26

3 p.m., Oct. 27

playhousesquare.org/events/

“Into the Woods”

Great Lakes Theater opens its 63rd season with Stephen Sondheim’s enchanting musical, which flips the script on your favorite childhood fairy tales. Tickets start at $20.

Through Nov. 10

Hanna Theatre, 2067 E. 14th St., Cleveland

greatlakestheater.org

Wild Rose (Vadrózsa) Dance company

Folkdance ensemble from Budapest, Hungary makes their only Midwestern stop during a tour of the East Coast. The Legacy USA Tour features 40 dancers and 5 musicians showcasing traditional Hungarian dance, costumes and music. Tickets are free, but registration is required. Freewill donations accepted.

Kulas Auditorium, John Carroll University, University Heights

6 p.m., Oct. 26

jcu.edu

‘POTUS’

In this comedy, presented by Dobama Theatre, the President turns a PR error into a global crisis. Seven brilliant women he relies upon must risk life, liberty, and the pursuit of sanity to keep the commander-in-chief out of trouble. Tickets $25 to $45. Sunday shows are at 2:30 p.m., all other performances have a 7:30 p.m. showtime.

RECOMMENDED•CLEVELAND.COM

Rock Hall celebrates life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr with live music, education and activitiesJan. 7, 2025, 12:56 p.m.

Disney on Ice skating dream begins in Cleveland and brings skater to ice in ClevelandJan. 10, 2025, 9:59 a.m.

2340 Lee Road, Cleveland Heights

Oct. 24-27, 31 and Nov. 1-3

dobama.org/potus

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
Your Privacy Choices
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/entertainment/2024/10/halloween-favorites-highlight-our-list-of-27-things-to-do-in-greater-cleveland-this-weekend.html 
 ----- 
