Jimmy Butler, when asked if he can find on-court joy again in Miami: ‘Probably not’

The relationship between Jimmy Butler and the Miami Heat — a talking point for weeks now — seems to have further deteriorated.

ASSOCIATED PRESS
JAN 3, 2025
Link Copied
Fans hold up a portrait of Miami Heat forward Jimmy Butler during the second half of an NBA basketball game against the Indiana Pacers Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Miami. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)

MIAMI (AP) — Jimmy Butler says he needs to find joy again on the basketball court. And when asked if he can find that joy in Miami, he had a two-word answer.

“Probably not,” he said.

The relationship between Butler and the Heat — a talking point for weeks now — seems to have further deteriorated. The Heat lost to Indiana 128-115 on Thursday night, Butler scoring exactly nine points and playing exactly zero seconds in the fourth quarter for the second consecutive game. It also happened Wednesday in a win over New Orleans.

“What do I want to see happen? I want to see me get my joy back from playing basketball, wherever that may be — we’ll find out here pretty soon,” Butler said. “I want to get my joy back. I’m happy here, off the court, but I want to be back to somewhere dominant. I want to hoop and I want to help this team win. Right now, I’m not doing that.”

It’s unclear what happens next. The Heat have no practice Friday and host Utah on Saturday.

ESPN reported after Butler’s postgame comments on Thursday that he has “indicated” to the Heat that he wants a trade. Butler has not said publicly if he wants to be moved. The network also reported on Christmas Day that Butler would prefer a trade by the Feb. 6 deadline — in part prompting the Heat to take the rather unusual step last week of saying that they will not be trading him.

Also Read:

Golden Globes 2025: Who’s nominated, hosting, presenting, the honorees, what they’ll eat and more

Thursday’s game was, obviously, not a typical Butler performance. He spent many possessions largely camped in the corner on offense and took only six shots in 27 minutes; he took five shots from the floor on Wednesday. Heat coach Erik Spoelstra basically made Butler the point guard for parts of the third quarter in an effort to spark things. It didn’t work.

“Obviously he’s frustrated, because he’s standing on the corner,” Heat captain Bam Adebayo said. “So, he’s got a lot of things going on in his corner. For us, we keep the main thing the main thing like our coach always tells us. We play to win and that’s what it’s all about.”

Butler said he felt like he was focused and that he did his job Thursday, adding “or at least, what my job is now.”

“That’s not what I’m used to being,” Butler said. “I haven’t been that since my first, second, third year in the league, where I just went out there and played defense. I competed. I guarded. That’s what I’m doing now.”

Butler has not reached double figures in scoring in three consecutive games, the first time that’s happened since November 2013. He was scoreless against Oklahoma City on Dec. 20, leaving midway through the first quarter because of a twisted ankle and an illness.

He has had moments where he still seems very much elite: Butler is less than a month removed from a 35-point, 19-rebound, 10-assist, four-steal game against Detroit on Dec. 16. But he’s also been held to 10 points or less six times already this season; in fairness, he left two of those games early for illness or injury.

“We tried to get him involved, I thought,” Heat guard Tyler Herro said after Thursday’s game.

Also Read:

Simone Biles is undecided on competing in 2028 Olympics: ‘I’m humble enough to know when to be done’

Butler was the best player on two Heat teams that went to the NBA Finals. He was eligible for a two-year, $113 million extension starting last summer and Miami has yet to offer a new deal to the 35-year-old. Butler has a $52 million player option for next season or could leave Miami in free agency this summer — if he remains with the team past the trade deadline.

Spoelstra has said multiple times that he wants Butler in Miami and said he believes the back-to-back nine-point games are due in part to Butler missing nearly two weeks with an illness. Wednesday was Butler’s first game back after that stretch.

“It’s about being aggressive,” Spoelstra said, speaking before Butler’s postgame comments. “We’ve got to figure it out. I’ll figure it out. He’s got to figure it out, too. We’ve got to figure it out.”

Butler insisted that he will continue competing.

“I’m going out there to compete to win, either way, whether I score nine points or 29 points,” Butler said. “I will compete. That’s one thing that I will say. You won’t say that I’m out there not playing hard. It may look like that because my usage is down and I don’t shoot the ball a lot, but we won’t sit here and say I don’t play hard.”

Mentioned in this article: @AP MIAMI HEAT NBA


More About:ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS

You Might Like
‘Waiting list to nowhere’: Homelessness surveys trap Black men on the streets

By TheGrio

‘Come home,’ Ghana told the African diaspora. Now some Black Americans take its citizenship

By TheGrio

Immigration is a higher priority for Americans than it was a year ago, an AP-NORC poll shows

By TheGrio

Her Husband Unexpectedly Left Her And Said He’s Lost Romantic Feelings For Her, But She Doesn’t Want Their Marriage To Be Over

By Chip Chick

His Wife Wants To Open Up Their Marriage So She Can Pursue Her Hot Coworker

By Chip Chick

Her Fiancé Called Off Their Wedding And Might Leave Her Since Her Divorce Was Not Finalized

By Chip Chick

Weekly New Episodes
Stream Now


LEARN MORE
COMPANY
About Us
Advertise
Notice At Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Do Not Sell Or Share My Information
POLITICS
Elections
April Ryan
Gerren Keith Gaynor
Ashlee Banks
ENTERTAINMENT
Film
Television
Music
Comedy
Sports
OPINION
Donna Brazile
Christina Greer
Michael Harriot
Panama Jackson
Monique Judge
David Love
Deron Snyder
Juanita Tolliver
Touré
LIFESTYLE
Business
Health
Travel
HBCU
Books
PODCASTS
Acting Up
Being Black The ’80s
Blackest Questions
Dear Culture
Judge Kevin Ross
Star Stories
TheGrio Daily
Writing Black
VIDEOS
 
© theGrio 2025 - All rights reserved
We process your personal information to measure and improve our sites and service, to assist our marketing campaigns and to provide personalized content and advertising. By clicking the button on the below, you can exercise your privacy rights. For more information, please see ourPrivacy Policy
Reject All Accept All
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thegrio.com/2025/01/03/jimmy-butler-when-asked-if-he-can-find-on-court-joy-again-in-miami-probably-not/ 
 ----- 
