Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
GUARDIANS
Royals land knockout blow with 4-run inning to hand Guardians 4-1 loss
Updated: Sep. 04, 2024, 11:14 p.m.|Published: Sep. 04, 2024, 10:05 p.m.
21
1/21
Cleveland Guardians vs. Kansas City Royals, Sept. 4, 2024
By Joe Noga, cleveland.com

KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The Guardians were looking to damage Kansas City’s playoff chances, but it was the Royals who landed the knockout blow early Wednesday. The Royals avoided a sweep and snapped a seven-game winless skid by handing Cleveland a 4-1 loss at Kauffman Stadium in the final regular-season meeting between the clubs.

Tommy Pham belted a three-run home run against Cleveland starter Ben Lively in the fourth, and Seth Lugo limited the Guardians lineup to a run on six hits in seven brilliant innings for his 15th win.

The Football Review | Episode 1229 | SF 01

The loss snapped a three-game winning streak for Cleveland, which nonetheless saw its magic number to clinch the American League Central Division drop to 19 as Minnesota lost at Tampa Bay.

The Royals, however, matched the Twins at 4 1/2 games behind Cleveland in the race for the AL Central crown.

MORE GUARDIANS COVERAGE
Guardians’ 2025 roster analysis: veterans, rookies and prospects — The week in baseball
Guardians fans want clarity on Josh Naylor, Andres Gimenez trades: Hey, Hoynsie
Exploring the Guardians’ approach to arbitration deals (Podcast)

Cleveland is 29-34 since June 26 after beginning the season a Major League-best 51-26.

Kansas City scored four runs in the fourth inning to take the lead after Lively danced around trouble for the first three frames.

Paul DeJong and Robbie Grossman opened the inning with base hits before Michael Massey drove in a run with an RBI single up the middle that got under Lively’s glove. The hit snapped an 0-for-17 skid for Massey and evened the score at 1-1.

Lively retired the next two batters he faced, but fell behind in the count to Pham, 2-0, and left a fastball over the inside part of the plate that the Royals right fielder hammered into the seats in left for a three-run KC advantage. It was Pham’s eighth home run and first in four games since joining the Royals as a waiver claim on Sept. 1.

Guardians manager Stephen Vogt said Lively battled the Royals lineup for the first three innings, despite not having the best command of his breaking pitches.

“He wasn’t real sharp tonight, but really battled through those first three,” Vogt said. “Kept them off the board, and then I felt like in the fourth they were getting to him pretty good.”

Lively said his outing hinged on missing spots when you’re not supposed to miss spots.

“It’s very frustrating,” Lively said.

With career highs in starts (25) and innings pitched (135 1/3), Lively was not about to make excuses afterward. He said thinking about being better his next time out is what drives him at this point in his career.

“It gets to a point in you, you’re just like, ‘I’m going to push myself to be better,’ and you’ve got to get better. There’s only one way to fix it is getting back out there and doing it.”

Since being acquired by the Royals on Saturday, Pham has hit safely in three of four games, going a combined 5 for 17 with two extra-base hits and three RBI out of the leadoff spot.

Lively, meanwhile has fallen short of five innings in three of his last five starts since Aug. 12, and has posted a 6.20 ERA during that span.

Eli Morgan replaced Lively in the fifth after 78 pitches. It matched Lively’s second-shortest outing of the season at Toronto in June 16. The right-hander fell to 11-9 after starting the season with 10 wins in his first 16 decisions.

Cleveland’s bullpen covered four scoreless frames, marking its 51st game with at least three scoreless relief innings, a major league high this season.

Lugo, who struck out 10 Guardians hitters over six innings in a Royals win on June 30, navigated a Cleveland lineup that was without 100-RBI man Josh Naylor, who exited Tuesday’s game late with acute back spasms.

Lugo struck out Daniel Schneemann with Will Brennan at third base to end the second and benefited from three double plays turned by his infield, including one that started with a comeback grounder to the mound by José Ramírez in the first.

Vogt said Lugo hammered the bottom of the strike zone with his fastball all night.

“With a guy like that who has swing-and-miss stuff, you don’t want to fight with him down there,” Vogt said. “He was getting ahead doing that. He used all of his pitches really well. We got some things going against him, just weren’t able to come through with a crooked number.”

Lucas Erceg, touched for runs by Cleveland and Houston in each of his last three appearances, pitched a scoreless ninth for his ninth save.

The Guardians struck first against Lugo in the third when Andrés Giménez doubled over the head of Melendez in left and scored on a bloop single near the left field line by Ramírez. It was the 106th RBI for Ramírez, second in the majors to Yankees slugger Aaron Judge (124).

In 13 games against KC this season, Ramírez hit .308 (16-for-52) with six doubles, three home runs and a .953 OPS.

Erick Sabrowski, who joined Cleveland on Aug. 28, made his Major League debut with two out in the seventh, striking out pinch-hitter Yuli Gurriel to strand a runner at third. Sabrowski worked a scoreless eighth, allowing a two-out double to pinch-hitter Maikel Garcia after starting the frame by whiffing DeJong.

Vogt was impressed with Sabrowski’s outing, given how long he waited to finally take the mound.

“That was awesome,” Vogt said. “He came in and punched Gurriel out in a good battle, threw some good strikes. For him to sit for about a week and not pitch, it’s not easy to do.”

Next: The Guardians are off Thursday before opening a three-game weekend series in Los Angeles against the Dodgers on Friday. First pitch from Dodger Stadium is set for 10:10 p.m. ET. Left-hander Matthew Boyd (1-1, 2.38) will start for Cleveland. The Dodgers have not announced a starter. Bally Sports Great Lakes, WTAM 1100 AM, WMMS 100.7 FM and the Guardians Radio Network will carry the game.

If you or a loved one has questions and needs to talk to a professional about gambling, call the Ohio Problem Gambling Helpline at 1-800-589-9966 or the National Council on Program Gambling Helpline (NCPG) at 1-800-522-4700 or visit 1800gambler.net for more information. 21+ and present in Ohio. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/guardians/2024/09/royals-land-knockout-blow-with-4-run-inning-to-hand-guardians-4-1-loss.html 
 ----- 
