COOKIES CONSENT

WE USE COOKIES TO IMPROVE THE WEBSITE FOR YOU.


ACCEPT ALL SETTINGS
COOKIES SETTINGS
EN
COME BACK 

1 min

21 Mar. 2024

176199

Bosnia and Herzegovina vs Ukraine: the result of an ultra-complicated match for the Euro 2024 qualification (updated)

Popular
Events
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Result of the match Bosnia and Herzegovina vs Ukraine
What was the importance of the Ukraine national team's match against Bosnia?
Bosnia vs Ukraine: history of matches

Share:

On Thursday, 21 March, the Ukrainian national football team played a crucial match against Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Ukrainians went into the game as favourites, but almost missed out on a chance to play in the European Championship. Find out who else they have to play to reach the elite round of the tournament

Order Visit Ukraine branded merchandise and support Ukraine (worldwide delivery)
BUY




On Thursday, 21 March, the Ukrainian national team played a crucial game against Bosnia and Herzegovina on the way to Euro 2024. The team played away as part of the European Championship qualification. 




The match of the national teams took place in the city of Zenica at the stadium "Bilino Polje" at 21:45 Kyiv time.




Result of the match Bosnia and Herzegovina vs Ukraine




The match turned out to be very tense for Ukrainian fans. The two teams showed raw play in the first half, but after the break the Balkans scored a goal and forced Serhiy Rebrov's team to go for broke. The Ukrainian team managed to get back into the game only in the final minutes of the match, but just three minutes later the Yellow-Blues took the lead. Roman Yaremchuk and Artem Dovbik scored goals for Ukraine.




The game ended with the score 1-2.




Now the Ukrainian national team will have to play in the final stage of selection with Iceland, which defeated away Israel. The match between these teams, which will take place on 26 March at 21:45 in Wroclaw, Poland (Ukraine's home game), will decide who will go to the European Championship 2024 in Germany this summer.




What was the importance of the Ukraine national team's match against Bosnia?





Serhiy Rebrov's team is approaching the March play-offs, which will decide the fate of a ticket to Euro 2024 in Germany this summer. Frankly speaking, the Balkan team has not been in the best of form for quite some time, and Ukraine looks like a clear favourite on paper.




Ukraine's squad looks encouraging despite the loss of key player Viktor Tsygankov, who recently suffered an injury in a match for his club.




The same opinion is shared by bookmakers, who estimate Ukraine's victory at an average of 2,10.







Visit Ukraine on social media: Telegram | YouTube | Instagram | Facebook | Twitter | TikTok








Frankly speaking, the match will depend entirely on the performance of the Ukrainian team. However, fans remember that play-off matches have never been easy for the Ukrainians, although the national team has played in the final stages of the last three Euro tournaments. And in 2020, the team made it to the top eight, losing in the quarter-finals to the English, who later became the tournament finalists.




It is also worth remembering that even a victory over Bosnia will not be decisive in the fight for a ticket to the tournament. If they win, the Ukrainians will face another stage, where they will meet the winner of the Iceland-Israel match.




In fact, according to experts, the Ukrainian team looks like a favourite in this round.




Bosnia vs Ukraine: history of matches




Since independence, the Ukrainian national team has met the Bosnians only twice: In 2021, in the World Cup qualifiers. Back then, the Ukrainian team showed uncertainty at home, drawing with the opponent. However, in the return match, by the way, on the same pitch where the teams will play today, the Yellow and Blues defeated Bosnia 0-2.




We would like to note that we will definitely publish the results of the game at the end of the match. 




We remind you! In September, it was exactly 18 years ago that the Ukrainian national team demonstrated a performance at the 2006 FIFA World Cup. This event is obviously remembered by all fans, but not everyone can remember the team's path to this significant day. Read here to find out how Ukraine shone in 2005 and qualified for the final stage of the World Cup for the first time.







Photo: Getty Images




Want to know more? Read the latest news and useful materials about Ukraine and the world in the News section.








We recommend purchasing it for a safe and comfortable trip to Ukraine: 




Visit Ukraine Insurance – safe travel in Ukraine (insurance covering military risks);


Visit Ukraine Legal advice – comprehensive legal support on entry to Ukraine;
Visit Ukraine Tickets – bus and train tickets to/from Ukraine;

Visit Ukraine Tours – the largest online database of tours to Ukraine for every taste;

Visit Ukraine Hotels – hotels for a comfortable stay in Ukraine;

Visit Ukraine Merch – patriotic clothing and accessories with worldwide delivery.







© 2018-2023, Visit Ukraine. Use, copying or reprinting of materials on this site is permitted only with a link (hyperlink for online publications) to Visit Ukraine.

All rights reserved.

RECOMMENDED ARTICLES

2 min

Popular

Ukrainian football legends: career highlights and support for Ukraine during the war

Football players Blokhin, Belanov, Shevchenko, Yarmolenko and Shovkovsky - career, successes and support of the Motherland during the war

10 Dec. 2022

More details

2 min

Popular

Football stars: when Ukrainians shone with the world's top teams

In a recent match against Germany, the players of the Ukrainian national football team once again demonstrated that they are able to compete with the top teams in Europe. Find out when else the Ukrainian team has demonstrated a spectacular result against the best teams

14 Jun. 2023

More details

2 min

Popular

How Ukraine qualified for the Olympic Games in football for the first time in history: the path of the Ukrainian youth team

129 years ago, on July 14, 1894, Ukraine played its first football match. Learn more about the history of Ukrainian football and how the Ukrainian youth team won a ticket to the 2024 Olympic Games for the first time

14 Jul. 2023

More details

2 min

Events

Ukraine's path to Euro 2024: are there any chances to qualify for the tournament after Italy's defeat?

The Ukrainian national team continues to fight for a ticket to the final part of Euro 2024. The last matches were the most important for the "yellow-blues" in the qualification round. Find out what situation the Ukrainian team finds itself in and what they need to do now to qualify for the European tournament

13 Sep. 2023

More details
INFORMATION
About us
Cooperation
Our partners
User Agreement
Shop
Cooperation with guides and tour operators
FAQ
NAVIGATION
Rules of entry to Ukraine
From Ukraine
Blog
Tours
Hotels
Tickets
PRODUCTS
Green Card
War Risks Insurance
Motor TPL Insurance
Mini Hull Insurance
Apartment All Risks Insurance + War Risks
Apartment All Risks Insurance
House All Risks Insurance + War Risks
Health Insurance
CONTACTS
media@visitukraine.today
info@visitukraine.today
+380939724145
+48724046522
VISA
2024 © Visit Ukraine Today | All rights reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://visitukraine.today/blog/3592/bosnia-and-herzegovina-ukraine-where-to-watch-the-match-of-the-ukrainian-national-football-team-and-why-it-is-important?srsltid=AfmBOoodAE10XPOjPw8zEPGDn48TEDNIcaGhCzjcLNd8G3vljfWaf8wn 
 ----- 
