Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
European Qualifiers
Bosnia & Herzegovina vs Ukraine Prediction and Betting Tips | March 21st 2024
Bosnia & Herzegovina vs Ukraine Prediction and Betting Tips | March 21st 2024
By
Soyoye Jedidiah
Modified Mar 22, 2024 07:06 GMT 
Follow Us
3
Discuss
Ukraine will face Bosnia & Herzegovina

Bosnia & Herzegovina will face Ukraine at the Bilino Polje on Thursday in the semifinals of the 2024 European Championship qualification playoffs.

The home side endured a highly underwhelming run of results in the group stages of the Euro qualifiers but have their UEFA Nations League performances to thank for the playoff spot.

They were beaten 2-1 by Slovakia in their last match; taking the lead early in the second-half via a 49th minute own goal before their opponents turned the game around in the 52nd and 71st minutes.

While Bosnia & Herzegovina remain on the hunt for their first-ever appearances in the European Championships, their opponents have featured in the last three editions of the tournament and are seeking a fourth consecutive appearance.

Trending

Ukraine, meanwhile, performed fairly well in the group stages of the qualifiers but were pipped to automatic qualification by Italy.

Needing a win in their final group game, the visitors faced Italy at the BayArena in Germany but played out a controversial goalless draw as VAR opted not to punish a potential late foul on Chelsea man Mykhailo Mudryk in the penalty box.

Bosnia & Herzegovina vs Ukraine Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
Thursday's game will mark the third meeting between Bosnia and Ukraine. The visitors are undefeated in the previous two matchups between the sides, picking up a win and a draw.
The two sides last faced off in a World Cup qualifying clash back in November 2021 which the Ukrainians won 2-0.
Bosnia are without a clean sheet in their last three matches and have managed just one in their last nine.
The Blue and Yellow had the second-best defensive record in Group C with a goal concession tally of eight.
Zmajevi were ranked 71st in the latest FIFA rankings and now sit 47 places behind their midweek opponents.
Bosnia & Herzegovina vs Ukraine Prediction

Bosnia are on a three-game losing streak and have now lost seven of their last nine matches. They have lost three of their last five home matches and could struggle here.

Ukraine, meanwhile, are on a three-game unbeaten streak and have lost just one of their last eight matches. The visitors are in much better form ahead of Thursday's game and should come out on top before going on to face the winner of the Israel-Iceland tie in the final.

Prediction: Bosnia & Herzegovina 1-3 Ukraine

Bosnia & Herzegovina vs Ukraine Betting Tips

Tip 1 - Result: Ukraine to win

Tip 2 - Goals - Over/under 2.5 - Under 2.5 goals (Four of the visitors' last six matches have produced fewer than 2.5 goals)

Tip 3 - Both teams to score: YES (The hosts have scored in four of their last six games, the visitors have scored in seven of their last eight games)

Quick Links

European Qualifiers Bosnia and Herzegovina Football Ukraine Football Edin Dzeko Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/bosnia-herzegovina-vs-ukraine-prediction-betting-tips-march-21st-2024 
 ----- 
