We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1466 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE
Login or register
 MATCHES
 NEWS
 EXPLORE
 COMPETITIONS
 TEAMS
 PLAYERS
 TRANSFERS
 FIND MATCH
 TELEVISED
 FAVOURITES
LANGUAGES
 EN
 ES
 FR
 IT
 PT
African WC Qual.
Nigeria
Share
 
 
Zimbabwe v Nigeria - as it happened
Alba Romero
1 year ago
10.9k
|

Reading time: 1 minutes

Zimbabwe v Nigeria, World Cup qualifiers, group C, 19/11/2023, lineups. BeSoccer
Join us for LIVE coverage of the World Cup group C qualifier between Zimbabwe and Nigeria at the Huye Stadium in Butare, Rwanda. The two teams have met eight times, with the Super Eagles winning five games and drawing two.
End
Group C. MD 2
Zimbabwe
  1-1  
Nigeria
19 NOV 2023
 LIST OF GOALSCORERS
W. Musona
26'
1 - 0
1 - 1
67'
K. Iheanacho
 MATCH REPORT IN NEWS
Nigeria have no money to sack Jose Peseiro as head coach
Zimbabwe v Nigeria - as it happened
Misfiring Nigeria continue their run of draws in Zimbabwe qualifier

END OF MATCH

96'
FT (1-1): Iheanacho, who plays for Leicester City, came on in the second half and found the equaliser in the 67th minute to restart the match. Another draw for the Nigerians. Thank you for joining us and see you soon!
93'
WHAT A CHANCE FOR ZIMBABWE! Shandirwa tries to score from inside the box but the ball goes over the goal!
90'
Six minutes added!
89'
Sadiq also receives a yellow card.
YELLOW CARD
a Nigeria

Jamilu Collins

Defender

87'
Collins receives a yellow card.
SUBSTITUTION
at Nigeria

Off...

B. Onyemaechi

Defender

On...

Jamilu Collins

Defender

85'
Nigeria sub: Onyemaechi makes way and Collins takes his place.
SUBSTITUTION
at Zimbabue

Off...

Andy Rinomhota

Midfielder

On...

T. Shandirwa

Midfielder

SUBSTITUTION
at Zimbabue

Off...

A. Mbeba

Defender

On...

Divine Lunga

Defender

83'
Zimbabwe double sub: Mbeba and Rinomhota OUT. Lunga and Shandirwa IN.
80'
Hadebe tries his luck from the edge of the box but his effort flies well over! What a pity!
77'
Free-kick to Zimbabwe 25 yards out from goal!
75'
Nigeria sub: Moffi goes off and Sadiq comes on.
72'
Zimbabwe sub: Dube makes way and Garananga takes his place.
69'
Prince Dube receives a yellow card.
66'
GOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL FOR NIGERIA! Iheanacho, who came on in the second half, scores the equaliser from inside the box after a pass from Simon.
62'
Nakamba sees yellow after disagreeing with the referee's decisions.
59'
After a heated argument between the two teams, the Super Eagles earn a free-kick.
55'
An argument between the two national teams has broken out in the midfield over a controversial foul.
52'
Corner-kick for Nigeria! Iheanacho takes it but nothing comes of it...
49'
Nigeria triple sub: Onyeka, Aina and Tella OUT. Iheanacho, Boniface and Osayi-Samuel IN.
46'
The second period staaaaaaaaaaarts!
45'
45+2: HT (1-0): Languishing Nigeria missed the few chances they created in the first half. However, Zimbabwe were put ahead on the scoreboard thanks to a free-kick taken by Musona, who made no mistake to give his national side the lead. We'll see what happens in the second half!
41'
Calvin Bassey has received a yellow card after a hard tackle on a Zimbabwe player.
38'
The Zimbabwean fans are in high spirits in the stands, cheering on their national team with chants and drums.
35'
The Super Eagles are desperate to find an equaliser but their efforts are not enough.
32'
Nigeria are penned in their own half... They need to press higher!
29'
Musona's opener was his first goal for his national team! What a wonderstrike he has scored!
GOAAAAAAL!
de Zimbabue en el 26'

Goal by...

W. Musona

Striker

STATISTICS OF W. MUSONA IN CLASIFICACIÓN MUNDIAL ÁFRICA
4
1
0.25
0
0
0
26'
GOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL FOR ZIMBABWE! Musona scores the opener with a superb shot after taking a free-kick from 35 yards.
25'
I would say the Super Eagles are slightly better now, but both teams are attacking.
22'
Corner-kick for Nigeria! Aribo takes it but nothing comes of it.
19'
Kadewere arrives at the Nigerian box and tries to find Dube but they are not in the same wavelength.
16'
Dube tries to shoot from the edge of the box but his effort is blocked by Nigeria's defence.
13'
Free-kick to Zimbabwe 35 yards out from goal! The ball goes wide.
10'
Kadewere has a pop from distance but nothing comes of it.
7'
The Super Eagles are trying to dominate possession and threaten their opponents' box! But still without any success.
4'
The hosts are having all the ball here early on!
1'
Zimbabwe get us going in the yellow from left to right while Nigeria are in green!

START OF MATCH

PRVW
The players make their way out here at the Huye Stadium in Butare, Rwanda!
PRVW
Nigeria starting XI: Uzoho (GK); Collins, Bassey, Ajayi, Aina; Simon, Iwobi, Aribo, Onyeka, Tella; Moffi.
PRVW
Zimbabwe starting XI: Bernard (GK); Zemura, Hadebe, Takwara; Musona, Rinomhota, Nakamba, Munetsi, Mbeba; Kadewere and Dube.
PRVW
Nigeria possible lineup: Uzoho (GK); Osayi-Samuel, Ajayi, Bassey, Collins; Onyeka, Iwobi, Iheanacho, Lookman; Boniface, Awoniyi.
PRVW
Zimbabwe possible lineup: Bernard (GK); Takwara, Hadebe, Lunga; Mbeba, Munetsi, Nakamba, Band, Musona; Dube and Dzvukamanja.
PRVW
The Nigerian national team held their last training session before this match on Saturday afternoon.
PRVW
The two teams have met eight times, with the Super Eagles winning five games and drawing two.
 PRE-MATCH

19 November 2023, 14:00

Referee: Souleiman Ahmed Djamal

PRVW
Hello everyone and welcome to live coverage of the World Cup group C qualifier between Zimbabwe and Nigeria at the Huye Stadium in Butare, Rwanda.
Mentioned in the news story
African WC Qual.
News
See page
Nigeria
News
See page
Zimbabue
News
See page
Copyright © 2014-2025 BeSoccer.com, Live Scores | Legal notices and Privacy
Play responsibly. 18+
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.besoccer.com/new/zimbabwe-v-nigeria-as-it-happened-1290348 
 ----- 
