Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Sam Moore
Vince McMahon
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Burger hits game-winning single in 9th, Marlins beat Mets 4-3 after blowing late lead
1 of 10 |  

Miami Marlins’ Jake Burger tosses his bat after hitting a single to drive in Joey Wendle with the winning run during the ninth inning of the tema’s baseball game against the New York Mets, Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2023, in Miami. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)

2 of 10 |  

Miami Marlins’ Jake Burger celebrates after hitting a single to drive in Joey Wendle with the winning run during the ninth inning of the team’s baseball game against the New York Mets, Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2023, in Miami. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)

3 of 10 |  

Miami Marlins’ Jake Burger, center, is doused by Jazz Chisholm Jr., left, as he is interviewed after hitting a single to drive in the winning run during the ninth inning of the team’s baseball game against the New York Mets, Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2023, in Miami. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)

Read More
4 of 10 |  

New York Mets catcher Francisco Alvarez, left, talks with starting pitcher Joey Lucchesi (47) during the fourth inning of the team’s baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2023, in Miami. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)

5 of 10 |  

Miami Marlins’ Jorge Soler reacts after hitting a double against the New York Mets during the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2023, in Miami. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)

6 of 10 |  

Miami Marlins starting pitcher Braxton Garrett throws during the first inning of the team’s baseball game against the New York Mets, Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2023, in Miami. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)

7 of 10 |  

New York Mets manager Buck Showalter, right, argues a call with home plate umpire Brian O’ Nora during the third inning of the team’s baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2023, in Miami. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)

8 of 10 |  

New York Mets starting pitcher Joey Lucchesi (47) throws to a Miami Marlins batter during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2023, in Miami. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)

9 of 10 |  

New York Mets’ Jeff McNeil reacts after hitting a double during the ninth inning of the team’s baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2023, in Miami. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)

10 of 10 |  

New York Mets’ Brandon Nimmo watches his two-run double during the ninth inning of the team’s baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2023, in Miami. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)

Updated 4:58 AM UTC, September 20, 2023
Share

MIAMI (AP) — Jake Burger hit a game-winning single in the bottom of the ninth inning and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Mets 4-3 on Tuesday night after blowing a late lead.

Josh Bell had an early RBI double and Braxton Garrett did not allow an earned run in six stellar innings for the Marlins, who remained a half-game behind the Chicago Cubs for the final NL wild card.

“All wins aren’t pretty,” Miami manager Skip Schumaker said. “That was not one of our cleanest games I’ve ever seen in my life. Baserunning and defensively, just wasn’t real clean. But when you can win those games, you feel pretty good about it.”

All-Star infielder Luis Arraez, who leads the majors with a .354 batting average, was a late scratch from Miami’s lineup because of a left ankle sprain. Arraez said he stepped on a baseball during pregame drills.

“I hope I feel better (Wednesday), but the good thing is we won and I’m happy about that,” Arraez said. “It feels sore. It’s not 100%. I’m human.”

Miami took a 3-1 lead into the ninth, but closer Tanner Scott (9-5) gave up a two-run double to Brandon Nimmo with two outs. Scott also served up Jeff McNeil’s tiebreaking homer in the ninth inning of Monday night’s 2-1 loss.

RELATED STORIES
Rangers get slugging corner infielder Jake Burger from Marlins for prospects and sign a reliever
World Series vision that got Nathan Eovaldi to the Rangers is the same one that got him to re-sign
Right-hander Griffin Canning and Mets agree to $4.25 million, 1-year contract

Before that, the left-hander hadn’t permitted an earned run in 18 appearances since July 31 and converted six consecutive save opportunities.

New York reliever Trevor Gott (0-5) hit Nick Fortes with a pitch leading off the bottom of the ninth. Xavier Edwards’ sacrifice bunt advanced Fortes and, after Jorge Soler was intentionally walked, Yuli Gurriel’s groundout advanced pinch-runner Joey Wendle and Soler.

Burger then lined an 0-2 pitch into center field to end it.

“I just get in the box and try to calm myself in those situations,” Burger said. “It’s easy to get outside of yourself. I’m fortunate to pick up Tanner because he’s been picking us up all year.”

McNeil hit a leadoff double in the top of the ninth and went to third on Mark Vientos’ single. Two outs later, Nimmo’s drive to deep right-center scored McNeil and DJ Stewart.

Jon Berti hit a leadoff double in the fifth for Miami and scored on a throwing error by Mets starter Joey Lucchesi to give the Marlins a 2-1 lead. Lucchesi fielded Edwards’ bunt and threw to third — which was uncovered after third baseman Ronny Mauricio also charged the ball.

“Made a mental mistake,” Lucchesi said. “You have to make sure you learn from them and not do them again. Kind of embarrassing — nobody’s there and you throw it away.”

Garrett Hampson’s RBI single in the sixth made it 3-1.

Garrett also committed a throwing error that led to the Mets’ first run in the third. Pete Alonso scored from second when Garrett fielded Francisco Lindor’s dribbler near the third-base line and made an errant toss past first.

Consecutive two-out doubles from Soler and Bell in the bottom half tied it at 1.

Garrett struck out seven and allowed five hits. The left-hander has completed six innings in five of his last six outings.

“We’re in a race here and I feel the nerves before these games,” Garrett said. “I think that’s a really good thing. I feel like I should pitch good for the team and I’ve handled it pretty well.”

The Mets had an opportunity to break it open early when Nimmo hit a leadoff single and Mauricio followed with a double in the first. But then Garrett struck out Alonso, got Lindor to ground into a fielder’s choice that cut down Nimmo at home plate, and retired Francisco Álvarez on a grounder.

“The first inning is probably the ballgame,” New York manager Buck Showalter said. “We have to push something across there.”

Lucchesi’s outing ended after 5 2/3 innings. The left-hander gave up three runs and six hits, struck out five and walked two.

HONORS

The South Florida Chapter of the BBWAA chose Arraez as the Marlins’ 2023 Most Valuable Player and pitcher Eury Pérez as the team’s Rookie of the Year. Arraez was not available to receive the award during a brief pregame ceremony.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Mets: Rookie 3B Brett Baty (left groin strain) missed his sixth straight game. He was available to pinch hit. ... RF Starling Marte (right groin strain) moved his rehabilitation to the Mets’ spring training facility in Port St. Lucie. Marte did running drills while with the club for the series opener Monday.

Marlins: OF Bryan De La Cruz returned after a four-game absence because of right ankle discomfort and went 1 for 4.

UP NEXT

Rookie RHP Kodai Senga (11-7, 2.95 ERA) pitches the series finale Wednesday for the Mets against Marlins RHP Eury Pérez (5-5, 3.06).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Steelers and coach Mike Tomlin end season on 5-game skid and make another early playoff exit
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaarde.
Kia
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Charges against men accused of shooting at Black FedEx driver dismissed
Farming tech is on display at CES as companies showcase their green innovations and in...
Graham Ike scores 21 points and No. 18 Gonzaga beats Washing...
Graham Ike had 21 points and seven rebou nds, and No. 18 Gonzaga pulled away fro...
AP News
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
Open your account...
Interactive Brokers
Advertisement:
Learn More
Heeft u moeite met lange stukken wand...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Klik hier
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgev...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onverslaanbare...
Nissan Qashqai
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Use an AI Writing Tool That Actually Underst ands Your Voice
Grammarly
Advertisement:
Install Now
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elekt rische auto's kopen, zie prijslijst
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijzen zijn...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Geen honger, geen strenge diëten? met deze capsules verbrandt je...
Hoe duizenden tevreden gebruikers hun gewichtsverliesdoelen sneller hebben...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Alleen vandaag in de uitverkoop:
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Het gemiddelde IQ in Nederland is 102. Ontd ek of jouw IQ hoger is
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
If you own a mouse, you have to play this game. No Install. Pla...
PanzerRush
Advertisement:
Trump can still vote after senten cing, but can't own a gun and...
President-elect Donald Trump doesn’t have to go to jail, pay a fine or perform...
AP News
Canada's former leader Chrétien has blunt advice for Trump:...
Jean Chrétien, who was Canada’s prime minister from 1993 to 2003, joined a...
AP News
Afvallen Zonder Hong ergevoel: Welke Pillen Werken Daadwerkel...
gezondheidsvergelijking.com
Advertisement:
Meer lezen
Betaal minder en verw arm uw huis
HeaterLux
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Zeg vaarwel tegen bunion ongemak
HalluxGuard
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Appeals court denies bid to block public release of special...
A federal appeals court has denied a bid to block the public release of special couns...
AP News
Everton fires manager Dyche hours before a game in first big...
Everton has fired manager Sean Dyche in the first big call by its new American...
AP News
De door een tandarts ontworpen waterfloss er verovert Groning...
FlossyFresh
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Deze eenvoudige tip kun je darmen elke ochtend (bijna onmi...
Floravia
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Digital Wellbeing Now a Click Away
Qustodio
Advertisement:
Try Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer deze truc van 5 seconden vandaag nog!
GlucoSerenity:Advertisement
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Bloedsuikerhelper:Advertisement
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun autoverzekering (kijk...
Go find you:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation:Advertisement
Meer informatie
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/marlins-mets-burger-arraez-scott-nimmo-a3ff9a14a929ff80421fd0d79005b633 
 ----- 
