Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Miami Dolphins
Dolphins star Waddle enters concussion protocol in blow to Miami offense

The third-year wideout took a big hit on Sunday night

Waddle caught four passes for 86 yards against New England.Lapresse
JB
Actualizado 18/09/2023 - 17:20 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Why did Dolphins WR Tyreek Hill call Patriots fans 'some of the worst' in NFL?
NFL. Breece Hall expresses frustration over Jets' playcalling in loss to Cowboys

The Dolphins are 2-0, but not all the news is positive coming out of Miami.

Star wide receiver Jaylen Waddle on Monday entered concussion protocol after he suffered a big hit in the fourth quarter of Sunday night's win over the New England Patriots. Waddle took a high hit across the middle with less than five minutes to go in regulation, which put the 24-year-old into the protocol to begin the week -- and leaving his Week 3 status uncertain for the time being.

The hit that sent Waddle to the locker room

On a 2nd and 5 from the Miami 30 yard-line, Dolphins quarterback Tua Tagovailoa threw a pass to the 45 intended for Waddle. The receiver leapt into the air to try to haul in the Tagovailoa throw, but it fell incomplete -- and a helmet-to-helmet collision Patriots linebacker Marte Mapu sent Waddle to the locker room.

Mapu was penalized for the hit, and even with Waddle gone for the game, the Dolphins held off the New England rally and beat the Patriots 24-17.

Tyreek Hill: "Patriots fans are some of the worst in the NFL, real nasty"@henrycmckenna
Waddle "already progressing"
MORE in MARCA
Anthony Joshua...
Marca
Beyonc é and...
Marca

Dolphins head coach Mike McDaniel on Monday not only confirmed that Waddle was into the protocol, but he further stated that Waddle is progressing through the NFL guidelines -- a positive development as Miami begins preparations to host the Denver Broncos in Week 3.

The Dolphins are seeking a second consecutive 3-0 start behind an explosive offense and a solid defense. Waddle's final status will be revealed at some point later in the week, and fans should rightly be concerned about Miami has handled concussions in the past -- most notably with Tagovailoa last year. But that said, the early signs on Waddle seem to be trending in a good direction.

NFL - English
Miami Dolphins - English
Miami DolphinsTyreek Hill's heartfelt moment: a special jersey for the 'Mini-Cheetah'
Los Angeles ChargersAI robots infiltrated an NFL game with a secret mission
Miami DolphinsTua Tagovailoa fires back at critics after 466-yard performance in Week 1: 'I don't care'
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Next GOAT? Jorda n Chiles stuns ev...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/miami-dolphins/2023/09/19/6508bbd5e2704ede618b458b.html 
 ----- 
