Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
New England Patriots
Two fans suffer medical incident at Gillette Stadium, only one survives thanks to off-duty firemen

The man who died was in his 50s and suffered a medical emergency in Q4

Gillette Stadium (left) and off-duty firemen (right)LAPRESSE (left) and @BridgetCondon_ - X (right)
LW
Actualizado 18/09/2023 - 19:11 CST
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Why did Dolphins WR Tyreek Hill call Patriots fans 'some of the worst' in NFL?
NFL. Bill Belichick's "never-before-seen" play to block Dolphins FG will change the NFL

Two spectators in attendance for Miami Dolphins vs. New England Patriots at Gillette Stadium on Sunday suffered a medical incident, but only one of them was fortunate enough to survive. Massachusetts State Police confirmed the second man died in the hospital after the game.

Poliva have yet to release the deceased's name. The only information available as of now is that he was pronounced dead right before midnight at Sturdy Memorial Hospital in Attleboro.

Bill Belichick humiliates referee with sassy challenge flag throwParker Johnson

He was in his 50s and was watching the Sunday Night Football contest in the stands when he suffered a medical emergency in the fourth quarter. The Foxborough Police Department were the first responders.

The Norfolk District Attorney's Office is investigating the man's death and the autopsy was assigned to the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner.

Another fan also suffered a medical incident, but was resuscitated by a pair of off-duty firemen who just happen to be Patriots fans.

Patriots fans become heroes after saving man's life

Anthony Colella of the Johnston (R.I.) Fire Department and Mark McCullough of Needham Fire, two friends and off-duty firefighters in attendance for SNF, acted quickly when a nearby fan was apparently going into cardiac arrest.

They gave him CPR -- mainly chest compressions -- for about 10 minutes before he regained consciousness, according to officials.

MORE in MARCA
UFC Dern v...
Marca
Prince Harry'...
Marca

The incident happened about 15 minutes before kickoff and both Colella and McCullough are being hailed as heroes.

"These are the two heroes from tonight who gave CPR to a fan who went into cardiac arrest at the Patriots game," NFL Network's Bridget Condon tweeted with a picture of Colella and McCullough.

NFL - English
New England Patriots - English
Miami Dolphins - English
Sunday Night Football - English
Gillette Stadium - English
Kansas City ChiefsThe game between Chiefs and Dolphins in Germany was "rigged", fans say
Kansas City ChiefsTravis Kelce's gesture before the Dolphins vs. Chiefs game to win over German fans
Las Vegas RaidersTom Brady to be involved in hiring process for new Raiders head coach, GM
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Next GOAT? Jorda n Chiles stuns ev...
Marca
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Open your account today!
Interactive Brokers
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/new-england-patriots/2023/09/19/6508dd27268e3e87748b45cd.html 
 ----- 
