HomeSports
Liberia Maintains Unbeaten Run under Mario
By Edwin B. Dolo  September 7, 2024 In Sports  0

Coach Mario Marinica LFA Media

MONROVIA — Liberia’s unbeaten run in 2024 continued with a 1-1 draw away to Togo in match-day one of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations Qualifiers in Lomé.

Substitute William Gibson headed home a Lawrence Kumeh long throw in the second minute of added time to secure a crucial point for the Lone Star.

Hosts Togo took the lead in the 78th minute, with Kevin Denkey getting past Mo Sangare before blasting the ball past goalkeeper Abdullai Koulibaly at the near post.

Youthful striker Gibson, who plays for Heaven Eleven in the Liberian league, curved in a powerful shot earlier, but Togo’s goalkeeper Geoffrey Agbolossou tipped it out for a corner, which eventually resulted in the throw-in that led to the equalizer.

Lawrence Kumeh’s well-placed throw found Gibson, who headed it beyond the reach of the Togolese stopper.

The lanky Heaven Eleven striker came off the bench in the 71st minute for Terry Sackor, earning his fifth senior national team appearance.

As usual, coach Mario Marinica deployed a striking duo of Sackor and Peter Wilson in a 3-5-2 formation to utilize his long-ball tactics, which have proven effective in preventing opponents from dominating play.

Switzerland-based forward Emmanuel Ernest was handed his debut, replacing Nohan Kenneh in the 87th minute. He had one shot off target.

The draw marks head coach Mario Marinica’s fifth match in charge, four of which have been away from home. He remains unbeaten, holding the longest undefeated record by any Lone Star coach in recent years.

The British-Romanian, 59, has drawn three games and won two, with the team scoring five goals. Goalkeeper Abdullai Koulibaly has kept three clean sheets, and the defense has conceded only two goals in those five matches.

Liberia’s next match is on Tuesday, September 10, 2024, at the Samuel Kanyon Doe Stadium against group leaders Algeria, who beat Equatorial Guinea 2-0.

This will be Marinica’s biggest test yet, as his long-ball tactics, though not popular with Liberian football fans, are yielding the desired results.

Before Marinica took charge, Liberia had gone seven consecutive games without a win.

On the other hand, Togo has struggled in recent form, playing consecutive stalemates against Sudan, Senegal, and South Sudan in their opening three games of the 2026 World Cup Qualifiers.

Dare Nibombe’s men have now failed to win any of their last five matches, including four in the World Cup qualifiers, collecting only three points from a possible 12, and sitting fourth in Group B.

Tags: 2025 Africa Cup of Nations QualifiersLiberiaLiberia Football AssociationLone StarMario Marinica
Edwin B. Dolo

Discussion about this post
Recommended
Gender Ministry Kicks off Women Empowerment and Gender Training for Implementing Ministries
 4 MONTHS AGO
Charloe Musu Buried After Prolonged Legal Battle and Unresolved Mystery
 3 MONTHS AGO
Connect with us

Home

About Us

Investigations

News

Politics

Business 

Editorial

Contact Us

Privacy Policy

Advertise with us

Stay updated with the latest news by subscribing to our WhatsApp Channel
Click Here to Subscribe

© 2024 THE LIBERIAN INVESTIGATOR, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement. 

Home
Investigations
News
Politics
Business
Editorial
Commentary
Op-Ed
Fact Checks
Lifestyle
Sports

© 2023

3
✕
Here are some notifications you missed:
Princess Zuo's 'Killer' Remanded at Monrovia Central Prison
19 hours ago
Princess Zuo's 'Killer' Remanded at Monrovia Central Prison
19 hours ago
Princess Zuo's 'Killer' Remanded at Monrovia Central Prison
19 hours ago
Subscribe to receive push notifications on latest updates
SUBSCRIBE
by
 Webpushr
Would you like to receive notifications on latest updates?
YES
NOT YET
X
Princess Zuo's 'Killer' Remanded at Monrovia Central Prison
19 hours ago
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://liberianinvestigator.com/sports/liberia-maintains-unbeaten-run-under-mario/ 
 ----- 
