Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Marlins reportedly place pitcher Sandy Alcantara and DH Jorge Soler on injured list
TYLER GREENAWALT
September 6, 2023 at 3:40 PM
Sandy Alcantara won the 2022 NL Cy Young award. (Photo by Mark Goldman/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images) (Icon Sportswire via Getty Images)

The Miami Marlins reportedly placed two key players on the injured list Wednesday.

Starting pitcher Sandy Alcantara reportedly landed on the 15-day injured list due to a right forearm flexor strain, according to the Miami Herald's Jordan McPherson. Outfielder and designated hitter Jorge Soler will be out 10 days due to a right oblique strain, per McPherson.

It's unclear when or how Alcantara sustained the injury. He pitched eight innings in a 6-4 win over the Washington Nationals on Sunday. Alcantara, who'll turn 28 on Thursday, has pitched 184 2/3 innings this season for the Marlins, with 151 strikeouts and a .368 ERA. He won the 2022 National League Cy Young Award and made his second All-Star team in 2022.

Soler, meanwhile, played in Tuesday's 6-3 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers and tallied one hit in two at-bats. Soler is batting .240/.329/.513 with 35 home runs and 71 RBI in 466 at-bats this season.

The Marlins sit third in the NL East, with a 71-67 record, and are a half-game back of the Cincinnati Reds for the final NL wild-card spot.

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
USA TODAY
Who is Doechii, the critically acclaimed rap phenom up for Grammys best new artist?
People
Celebrity Chef Molly Baz is ‘grateful’ to be safe after family home is destroyed in L…
Finance
Yahoo Finance
Two key inflation prints await investors as rate fears rattle markets: What to know t…
Moneywise
Here's what it takes to be in the top 1% in your state — plus a few tips to help you …
Food
USA TODAY
Acorns aren't just for squirrels, but read this before eating them yourself
Fox News
Buffalo Bills have 'Battle Boat' filled with waffle fries and surprise food
Lighter Side
USA TODAY
Can you read cursive? It's a superpower the National Archives is looking for
Cheapism
The 10 hardest restaurant reservations to book in America
News
USA TODAY
Crews race to contain LA wildfires as menacing winds may ramp up: Live updates
NBC Universal
LA small-businesses see years of work reduced to ash
Weather
Associated Press
France's battered Mayotte islands hit by a new tropical storm just weeks after a deva…
Fox Weather
California wildfires: Death toll rises to 16 as catastrophic Palisades Fire expands, …

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/sports/marlins-reportedly-place-pitcher-sandy-194009482.html 
 ----- 
