This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. Privacy Policy
Accept
Deny
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
Subscribe
ALERT TOPICAL
Cardinals offense struggles as a late run against Andrew Kittredge gave Blue Jays 3-2 win
Lynn Worthy Sep 15, 2024  30
Pause
Unmute
Loaded: 9.25%
Remaining Time 
-5:45
Picture-in-Picture
Fullscreen

Sports columnists Ben Frederickson and Jeff Gordon call their shots for former Cardinals headed to the playoffs.

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Listen now and subscribe: Apple Podcasts | Spotify

TORONTO — For the second time in three days, the Cardinals relief corps gave up one late run that provided the deciding margin in a road loss to the Toronto Blue Jays.

A multitude of missed offensive opportunities paved the way to a walk-off loss in Friday’s series opener, but the Cardinals’ lack of scoring chances opened the door for a bitter 3-2 loss to the Blue Jays in the finale of a three-game set at the Rogers Centre on Sunday afternoon.

With the loss, the Cardinals were swept and fell below .500 (74-75) with 13 games remaining in the season.

The Blue Jays (72-78) scored the deciding run in the eighth inning when pinch hitter George Springer singled against Cardinals setup man Andrew Kittredge and then Nathan Lukes hit an opposite-field RBI double that scored Springer and broke a tie score.

Cardinals starting pitcher Miles Mikolas allowed two runs on three hits, including one home run, in five innings. He struck out four and didn’t walk a batter in the outing. He did hit one batter.

People are also reading…
Messenger: Power plays collide as St. Louis mayor tries to fire her personnel director
As a North County seminary crumbles, an East Coast college fights for the windows
Where are the plows? Crews are taking 'steady approach' to St. Louis cleanup
OpenAI chief Sam Altman accused by sister of sex abuse in lawsuit filed in St. Louis
AquaSculpt Reviews (Ice Water Hack) Best Diet Pills for Weight Loss in 2025

Cardinals outfielders Lars Nootbaar and Jordan Walker drove in the club’s only runs. Nootbaar went 2 for 4 with a home run, while Walker went 1 for 4 with a double and an RBI.

The Cardinals went 0 for 5 with runners in scoring position and left six men on base.

Blue Jays hurlers a stingy bunch

Since the start of August, Blue Jays starting pitchers had posted the best ERA in the majors entering Sunday’s games. Collectively, their starters registered a 3.02 ERA, and Blue Jays pitcher had held opposing hitters to a .213 average during that span.

Sunday’s starter Yariel Rodriguez had allowed just one run and struck out nine batters in his previous eight innings.

Rodriguez held the Cardinals to just one hit along with one walk and two strikeouts through his first four innings.

In the fifth inning, Ivan Herrera hit a leadoff single, and Walker lined an RBI double over the head of Blue Jays center fielder Nathan Lukes that one-hopped off the warning track to the outfield wall. That gave the Cardinals a 1-0 edge, and it marked the end of the outing for Rodriguez after 63 pitches.

Left-hander Ryan Yarbrough came on in relief and got Michael Siani on a line drive back to the mound for the second out of the inning. He then struck out Brendan Donovan to strand Walker on second base.

1 hit leads to 2 runs against Mikolas

Mikolas had faced the minimum number of batters through four innings thanks to the help of a double play and a runner thrown out in an attempt to advance on a pitch in the dirt.

He’d allowed two singles but nothing else heading into the fifth inning.

Then, Mikolas’ 1-2 sinker to Spencer Horwitz veered up and in and hit the left-handed batter. With the leadoff batter of the inning on base, Mikolas then went to a full count against Davis Schneider.

Schneider, who homered on Saturday for the first time since June 22, bashed a 3-2 sinker from Mikolas an estimated 413 feet to left-center field for a two-run home run.

Mikolas retired the next three batters to finish the inning before he turned the outing over to Steven Matz out of the bullpen to start the sixth inning.

Nootbaar goes deep

The Blue Jays stayed with the left-hander Yarbrough to start the seventh inning with Nootbaar due up first.

Nootbaar hadn’t hit a home run against a left-handed pitcher this season prior to his at-bat in the seventh inning. However, Yarbrough left a 2-0 fastball up and over the inner half of the plate. Nootbaar clobbered it over the right field wall with an exit velocity of 110 mph.

The solo home run tied the game 2-2 and gave Nootbaar just his second hit of the weekend series. His first home against a left-handed pitcher this season also gave him 10 home runs for the season.

ST. LOUIS CARDINALS
How Nolan Arenado tries to embrace the club's youth despite his struggles: Cardinals Extra
Lynn Worthy
ST. LOUIS CARDINALS
Kyle Gibson stumbles in the 6th, while the Cardinals' offense stalls in a 7-2 loss
Lynn Worthy
MINOR-LEAGUE
Cardinals prospect Quinn Mathews allows 4 runs in 2 2/3 innings: Minor League Report
Daniel Guerrero
ST. LOUIS CARDINALS
Wasted opportunities leave bad taste in Cardinals’ mouths after extra-inning loss to Blue Jays
Lynn Worthy
 30 Comments
Get in the game with our Prep Sports Newsletter

Sent weekly directly to your inbox!

Sign up!
* I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.
Lynn Worthy

Sports columnist

Author facebook
 
Author twitter
 
Author email
Follow Lynn Worthy
Related to this story
Flaherty. Edman. O'Neill? Which ex-Cards player will star in postseason? Inside Pitch

Sports columnists Ben Frederickson and Jeff Gordon call their shots for former Cardinals headed to the playoffs.

Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
YouTube
 
Pinterest
 
Instagram
Feast Magazine
Ladue News
STL High School Sports
STL Pinch Hits
Sites & Partners
Apps
Archives
Calendar
Chats
Comics & games
Contests
E-edition
Forums
Newsletters
Our events
Press releases
Online Features
Submit an event
Get Healthy
Services
Advertise with us
Autos
Classifieds
Contact us
Homes
Jobs
Site help
Subscriber services
Work here
Shopping
© Copyright 2025 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, 901 N. 10th St. St. Louis, MO 63101
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.stltoday.com/sports/professional/mlb/cardinals/cardinals-offense-struggles-as-a-late-run-against-andrew-kittredge-gave-blue-jays-3-2/article_6153364c-717a-11ef-871a-ff29b3a3fe03.html 
 ----- 
