Menu
 Credit: Brett Davis-USA TODAY Sports
 Home/DFS Picks & Fantasy Sports/Draftkings MLB Showdown Picks: Dodgers vs. Braves 9/14/24
DFS Picks & Fantasy SportsMLB Picks
Draftkings MLB Showdown Picks: Dodgers vs. Braves 9/14/24
Breaking down the best Draftkings picks for this evening's Dodgers vs. Braves matchup.
 Hans Geevers 
Follow on X

Los Angeles Dodgers vs. Atlanta Braves
September 14, 2024 7:20 pm EDT


Major League Baseball presents a matchup between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Atlanta Braves. Let’s take a look at this MLB game from a Draftkings perspective.

Prior to discussing the Los Angeles Dodgers vs. Atlanta Braves game let’s review the rules for the Draftkings single game showdown contest.



Draftkings Single Game Showdown Contest Rules

You have $50,000 to utilize on five players from either team. However, one of those players will be designated as your team captain. The captain accumulates 1.5 times the standard fantasy points. Additionally, the captain is 1.5 times the standard cost of the flex position.

The remaining four players in your lineup will receive the standard fantasy points. Having stated that, it is highly important for you to identify the correct player for your captain position if you hope to win a large field DFS GPP (guaranteed prize pool) showdown contest.

If you have additional questions regarding the rules for the single game showdown contest, I recommend that you check out the Draftkings website for more details.

*I recommend that all readers review the starting lineups for both teams prior to setting your DFS lineup for this one game slate.

Here are my Draftkings picks for tonight’s Los Angeles Dodgers vs. Atlanta Braves matchup.

Draftkings MLB Showdown Picks
Captain-Chris Sale, Pitcher, Atlanta Braves $12,600

On Saturday night, Major League Baseball presents the second game of a four game National League series between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Atlanta Braves.

How are these two teams playing entering today’s MLB game? The Atlanta Braves arrive at the second game of this four game National League series with the Los Angeles Dodgers playing quality baseball. The Braves have won four of the team’s last seven games played in the 2024 MLB regular season, including a dominating 12-0 shutout win over the Washington Nationals four days ago.

Conversely, the Los Angeles Dodgers have not been playing good baseball recently. Let me be more specific. The Dodgers have lost three of the team’s last four games played this season, including a 10-4 loss to the Chicago Cubs earlier in the week.

It should be noted that the Atlanta Braves defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers 6-2 in last night’s opening game of this four game National League series.

Now that we have identified how both of these National League teams are currently playing let’s shift our focus to this evening’s game. Talented Atlanta Braves pitcher Chris Sale has quickly ascended to be one of the best starting pitchers in the National League. Having stated that, how has Sale been playing from a statistical standpoint in 2024? Let’s review Chris Sale’s recent game data to answer that question.

In the 27 games that Chris Sale has pitched for the Atlanta Braves in the 2024 MLB regular season, Sale has posted a robust 2.38 ERA (Earned Run Average), 1.00 WHIP (walks, hits, inning pitched) and added a whopping 235 strikeouts while allowing only 35 walks.

More recently, in the New York Yankees 4-3 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays six days ago, New York starting pitcher Chris Sale pitched exceptionally well. More specifically, Sale pitched six quality innings striking out nine Toronto batters while allowing two hits and one walk in the Yankees victory over the Blue Jays. It has to be said, those are the type of DFS numbers I need to see from a player that I select for the captain position.

For the reasons just noted, I am backing Atlanta Braves starting pitcher Chris Sale as my captain for this one game DFS MLB contest.

Flex plays I like (Draftkings price noted): Jack Flaherty, Starting Pitcher (Los Angeles Angels) $11,200: Marcell Ozuna, Outfielder (Atlanta Braves) $8,800: Shohei Ohtani, Outfielder (Los Angeles Angels) $10,000.

Hans Geevers's Free Pick: See Above
Need More? Get Premium Picks
Atlanta Braves Chris Sale DraftKings Los Angeles Dodgers MLB
 Share
Facebook
 
X
 
Reddit
 
Share via Email
Hans Geevers
I have been an avid fan of sports since I was a kid. Additionally, I have been betting on sports for the better part of the last two decades! I have been married to my wife Dawn for over 21 years. I am also the proud father of Hannah! These ladies provide me the inspiration to live each day to it's fullest.
Facebook
X
YouTube
Instagram
Related Articles
Draftkings NFL Showdown Picks: Chargers vs. Texans 1/11/25
Draftkings NBA Showdown Picks: Nets vs. Nuggets 1/10/25
Draftkings NBA Showdown Picks: Thunder vs. Knicks 1/10/25
Sportsbooks Reviews
DraftKings
Read Review
FanDuel
Read Review
Caesars
Read Review
BetMGM
Read Review
PointsBet
Read Review
Sports Chat Place is the original free picks and sports betting news site delivering today’s best bets and free sports picks and predictions. Our coverage includes sports betting odds and parlays, underdogs, and expert handicappers. Are you a HIGH Limit Sports Bettor? Call 1-888-419-0435 We are doing what we love to do -- putting people on winning sports bets. Are you a HIGH Limit Sports Bettor? Call 1-888-419-0435
How to Bet on Sports
What is Sports Chat Place?
The SCP Betting Experts
We’re Looking for Sports Writers
Copyright & Privacy Policy
Advertise
Subscribe to our Feed

© Copyright 2025, All Rights Reserved  |  Sports Chat Place / Dawn Patrol, LLC. | 18+

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline 1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org

Back to top button
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportschatplace.com/mlb-picks/draftkings-dodgers-braves-dfs/ 
 ----- 
