Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Lovullo urges focus with 3-game skid, 4 games left
Share
Lovullo urges focus with 3-game skid, 4 games left
D-backs lose again to Giants, fail to keep pace in NL Wild Card picture
September 25th, 2024

Steve Gilbert

@SteveGilbertMLB
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

PHOENIX -- If the season ended today, the D-backs would be in the playoffs, but their margin for error shrank again Tuesday night as they fell, 11-0, to the Giants at Chase Field.

It was the third loss in a row for the D-backs, who are a half-game behind the Mets for the second National League Wild Card spot and just a half-game ahead of the Braves for the third and final spot.

The D-backs have four games left -- one more against the Giants on Wednesday night followed by three vs. the Padres over the weekend.

Complete coverage: D-backs' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

The good news for the D-backs is that either the Mets or Braves have to lose over the next two days, because they play each other in Atlanta.

Arizona manager Torey Lovullo is not big on team meetings -- and he's even less a fan of admitting when he has them.

Following Tuesday's debacle, he was asked when it was time for a manager to yell at his team after a game and let his players know that they have to get it going.

"That's a good question," Lovullo said. "I probably just did it. So that's my answer."

When asked if that answer meant he had just held a meeting, Lovullo replied, "Maybe. I don't have a lot more to say about it. I'm kind of frustrated today."

Lovullo has at times yelled at his teams during his tenure in Arizona -- even at times during its pennant-winning 2023 season -- so it's not something his players haven't seen or heard before.

"We know he cares about us," said outfielder Corbin Carroll, who made a fantastic play to rob what would have been a three-run homer from Mike Yastrzemski in the third inning. "We've got such a great staff that takes care of us in so many ways. He was just reiterating the care that we have for each other and just that he's got confidence in us to get it done."

Things spun out of control early for them Tuesday as the Giants jumped on starter Brandon Pfaadt for a run in the second and six in the third, which was more than enough for San Francisco starter Logan Webb, who tossed six scoreless innings.

Pfaadt allowed two of the Giants' five home runs on the night, and would have allowed a third were it not for Carroll's high-flying heroics.

"Usually I try to filter things the right way and come up with something that's going to sound a little bit positive," Lovullo said. "But I don't think there's much positive that came from this game today. So I don't want to sit here and just hammer away at things, because you guys saw what I saw. We've got to play better baseball. We've got to play more focused baseball."

Related
Prospects headed to D-backs instructional camp

January 9th, 2025

D-backs acquire infielder Kessinger in trade with Astros

January 8th, 2025

Kelly amped to share rotation with Burnes in '25

January 6th, 2025

Pfaadt shows postseason potential with 12-K gem

September 20th, 2024

With Nelson on IL, D-backs need more from Pfaadt, Montgomery

September 15th, 2024

Surging D-backs' 'attentiveness' pays off in comeback win over Rockies

August 13th, 2024

The three-game losing streak started Sunday afternoon in Milwaukee, when the D-backs coughed up an 8-0 lead over the Brewers and wound up losing, 10-9.

That was chalked up to an aberration, but then they followed it up with a 6-3 loss on Monday to a Giants team that is playing out the string after being eliminated from the postseason hunt.

"We've got four games left, and we've got something right in front of us that's really, really special," Lovullo said. "But we can't get sidetracked by what we're trying to do. We've got to focus on [Wednesday] and take care of business. But this was certainly a frustrating day, and I want these guys to feel it. I want them to understand why it happened and then flush it and be ready to go [Wednesday]."

The D-backs were in a similar situation last year when they lost the final four games of the regular season, only to back into the playoffs on the second-to-last day of the season.

Their struggles heading into the postseason didn't hamper them, as they wound up getting all the way to the World Series before losing to the Rangers.

"I think that everything this team's been through this year -- there's been plenty of lulls, there's been plenty of great runs and great stretches and I just think all of it adds up to a team that's able to keep some level-headedness, regardless of the situation," Carroll said. "And I've got confidence in us as a team to go out there and be able to just put our best effort forth tomorrow."

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Arizona Diamondbacks
Brandon Pfaadt

Senior Reporter Steve Gilbert has covered the D-backs for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/brandon-pfaadt-struggles-d-backs-lose-again-to-giants 
 ----- 
