Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
TikTok ban
NFL: Rams vs. Vikings
SPORTS
Giants hit 5 homers, continue run against playoff contenders with 11-0 win over Diamondbacks
1 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Brett Wisely (0) celebrates in the dugout with teammates after hitting a three-run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

2 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Tyler Fitzgerald, right, celebrates his two-run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks as Giants’ Patrick Bailey (14) looks on during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

3 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Michael Conforto, left, rounds the bases after hitting a three-run home run against Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Brandon Pfaadt, right, during the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

Read More
4 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Michael Conforto watches the flight of his three-run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

5 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo watches the action on the field during the first inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

6 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Corbin Carroll (7) steals second base as San Francisco Giants shortstop Tyler Fitzgerald applies the late tag during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

7 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks right fielder Corbin Carroll reaches over the fence to make a catch on a fly ball hit by San Francisco Giants’ Mike Yastrzemski during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

8 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants starting pitcher Logan Webb throws against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

9 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants shortstop Tyler Fitzgerald makes a glove stop on an infield single by Arizona Diamondbacks’ Josh Bell during the ninth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

10 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks second baseman Ketel Marte makes a leaping catch on a liner hit by San Francisco Giants’ Patrick Bailey during the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

BY  JOHN MARSHALL
Updated 4:55 AM UTC, September 25, 2024
Share

PHOENIX (AP) — Michael Conforto and Brett Wisely each hit three-run homers in San Francisco’s six-run third inning, and the Giants won their fifth straight against playoff contenders by crushing the Arizona Diamondbacks 11-0 on Tuesday night.

The Giants have nearly perfected the role of spoiler recently, going 7-1 against Baltimore, Kansas City and Arizona. San Francisco stretched its season-high winning streak by bashing five homers against the Diamondbacks, including three off Brandon Pfaadt (10-10) in the first three innings.

“Things happen like this and it gets contagious,” Giants manager Bob Melvin said. “You start playing well and you just feel like you’ve got a chance to win.”

Patrick Bailey hit a solo homer in the second inning, Conforto launched his 20th in the third and Wisely followed with his three-run homer to put the Giants up 7-0.

Tyler Fitzgerald hit a two-run homer and Heliot Ramos added a solo shot among his four hits. Logan Webb (13-10) allowed four hits in six scoreless innings.

“We’re having fun and that’s a good thing to watch from the dugout,” said Webb, the first Giants pitcher with consecutive 200-inning seasons since Jeff Samardzija in 2016-17. “We’re making plays, we’re pitching well and that’s building chemistry.”

RELATED STORIES
Justin Verlander and the Giants agree to a $15 million, 1-year contract, AP source says
Corbin Burnes and D-backs finalize $210 million, 6-year deal that's the richest in team history
Corbin Burnes' $210 million, 6-year deal with D-backs includes $64 million deferred through 2036

The Diamondbacks are laboring at the wrong time.

Arizona blew an 8-0 lead in a loss to Milwaukee, opened this series with a 6-3 loss and had six hits Tuesday night. The Diamondbacks’ lead over Atlanta, a 5-1 winner over the New York Mets, dropped to a half-game for the final NL playoff spot with four games remaining.

“Usually I try to filter things and come up with something that’s positive, but I don’t think there was much positive that came from this game today,” Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said. “We’ve got to play better baseball.”

Pfaadt bounced back from an ugly start — eight runs in 1 2/3 innings — by striking out 12 in a win over Milwaukee his last start.

The right-hander followed with another shaky outing.

Pfaadt gave up Bailey’s eighth homer of the season in the second inning and got some help later in the inning from right fielder Corbin Carroll, who reached over the wall to steal a three-run homer from Mike Yastrzemski.

No one had a chance on Conforto’s shot in the third, a three-run blast off the overhang in left-center. Wisely followed a fielding error by Arizona shortstop Geraldo Perdomo with his three-run shot off Blake Walston.

Pfaadt allowed five runs — four earned — on six hits in 2 2/3 innings.

“I felt great physically, felt like we made some good pitches early,” Pfaadt said. “We just left some fastballs in the middle and paid the price for it.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Diamondbacks: C Gabriel Moreno went 0 for 3 after missing Monday’s game with an oblique strain. ... RHP Ryne Nelson is expected to come off the injured list soon after missing two weeks with shoulder inflammation.

UP NEXT

Giants RHP Mason Black (1-4, 5.88 ERA) faces Diamondbacks RHP Zac Gallen (13-6, 3.74) in the series finale on Wednesday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Poulin scores `Superwoman' goal, Victoire beat Sceptres 4-2 in front of 19,038 fans in Vanc...
Round After Rou...
YETI
:
Advertisement
Australian woman who says she is the Philippine president's half-sister appears in a Sydne...
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Connor Bedard scores as Blackh awks top Avalanche 3-1
Connor Bedard had a goal and an assist, and the Chicago Blackhawks beat the...
AP News
Imagine if Messi coached Ronald o: Novak Djokovic and Andy...
Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray have known each other for a quarter of a...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simulates...
This strategy game makes you become a player in the crucial situations of history.
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
From Carter's funeral, an Americ an snapshot: A singular image, ...
Inside Washington National Cathedral, the five men who've occupied the Oval Offic...
AP News
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
How Much Does Renti ng a Private Jet in 2025 Cost? The Pric...
Private Jet
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
Revolutionary Quiet Clock Wows North Charleston [Read]
Digital Wall Clock
Advertisement:
Read More
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito says he spoke with Trum...
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito spoke with President-elect Donald Trump abou...
AP News
JetBlue passenger suddenly opens exit door as flight is taxii...
Massachusetts authorities say a person on board a plane at Boston Logan Internatio...
AP News
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
Game simulates altern ative history
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
8 Things To Know About Lupus and Autoi mmune Conditions
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Trial
Dexcom:Advertisement
Try Now
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Levels in US
Sugar Reverse:Advertisement
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night long.
PanzerQuest:Advertisement
Game shows what the world without US military interventions would look like
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/giants-diamondbacks-score-8127d83c063fadf5fd553d362fbf6f3e 
 ----- 
