Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
NBA Fans React to Pistons’ Preseason Loss vs. Phoenix Suns
The Detroit Pistons fell short against the Phoenix Suns at Michigan State on Tuesday.
Justin Grasso | Oct 9, 2024
Oct 8, 2024; East Lansing, Michigan, USA; Detroit Pistons guard Jaden Ivey (23) drives against Phoenix Suns guard Monte Morris (23) at Jack Breslin Student Events Center. Mandatory Credit: Dale Young-Imagn Images / Dale Young-Imagn Images
In this story:
Detroit Pistons
Phoenix Suns

In the months leading up to the start of the 2024 NBA Preseason, there was a lot of hype surrounding the first of two preseason battles between the Detroit Pistons and the Phoenix Suns.

While the Pistons were the home team, hosting in their state of Michigan, the court was a neutral site. Playing at Michigan State’s Breslin Center, the Pistons and the Suns had the opportunity to do something unique and play in NCAA territory.

The Pistons were riding high after their preseason debut against the Milwaukee Bucks. Although they had a slow start against Damian Lillard and the Bucks on Sunday, Detroit put together a comeback and dominated the matchup.

After moving to 1-0 in the preseason, Detroit looked ahead to its next challenge: the Phoenix Suns.

A star trio of Kevin Durant, Bradley Beal, and Devin Booker all got some action on Tuesday night. While the Pistons played their star Cade Cunningham, along with the standouts Jalen Duren and Jaden Ivey, they went into the game without Tobias Harris. For the second straight night, Harris was ruled out due to an illness.

Oct 8, 2024; East Lansing, Michigan, USA; Detroit Pistons guard Cade Cunningham (2) keeps the ball away from Phoenix Suns forward Ryan Dunn (0) at Jack Breslin Student Events Center. Mandatory Credit: Dale Young-Imagn Images / Dale Young-Imagn Images
Pistons vs. Suns Game Reactions

@theonlyposted: “Perfect 🔥🔥”

@Detroitjazz20: “Ivey is him!!!”

Jaden Ivey’s first set of preseason action this season added a lot of intrigue heading into Tuesday’s game. With two games in the bag, his stock is rising amongst fans.

@DuncanSmithNBA: “Jaden Ivey was occasionally an 11th man last season. What a rise from the ashes.”

@mikeypistons: “Jaden Ivey with Monty Williams vs Jaden Ivey with JB Bickerstaff”

@nsitto2: “Jaden Ivey has a real shot at most improved player”

Ivey started Tuesday’s game and finished with 23 minutes of action. He put up 13 shots from the field, making six of his attempts. After tacking on three free throws as well, Ivey finished the game with 16 points. Only Jalen Duren scored more.

Along with his scoring, Ivey dished out five assists and came down with four rebounds.

@Jaxbre6789: “They still did a great job.”

@typeitinmaan: “Det is gonna surprise. I think they can 30-35 games which is huge progress.”

@EveretHoops: “Good effort towards the end, gotta figure out how to not fall into a 20 point pit every night though.”

The Pistons trailed by as many as 21 points on Tuesday. When they faced a similar situation against the Bucks, Detroit managed to put together a comeback and come out on top. The Suns weren’t willing to let that happen for a second straight game.

The Pistons fell short with a 105-97 loss. Their star guard, Cade Cunningham, had a quiet scoring night as he shot just 1-6 from the field, scoring three points.

The Pistons received a nice offensive punch from Ivey and Duren, who totaled 33 points in the starting lineup, but a 41 percent shooting night from the field, and 30 percent night from three wasn’t enough for the Pistons to take down a talented Suns team.

On Friday, the Pistons will take on the Suns in Phoenix for a rematch.

More Pistons on SI

Pistons Veteran Has Ultimate Praise for Cade Cunningham

Pistons Rookie Reacts to His First Day of NBA Training Camp

Cade Cunningham Opens up on Having Fully Healthy Offseason

Pistons Sharpshooter Offers Pre-Camp Injury Update

Published Oct 9, 2024
JUSTIN GRASSO

Follow JGrasso_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/pistons/news/nba-fans-react-pistons-preseason-loss-vs-phoenix-suns-10-8-24 
 ----- 
