Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
AZCentral | The Arizona Republic
Devin Booker autograph was 'full-circle moment' with ex-Michigan State standout
Dana Scott, Arizona Republic
Wed, Oct 9, 2024·2 min read

Devin Booker had a heartfelt "full-circle moment" in the Phoenix Suns' 105-97 preseason road win at the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday.

It was really a homecoming game for Booker, as he played at Michigan State's Breslin Center in East Lansing. Booker had a special moment when he encountered one of his childhood idols in the Spartans' former standout point guard, Drew Nietzel.

"My son's here with me, so maybe he can get his first autograph from Devin like I gave him an autograph back in the day," Neitzel said to NBA.com during the game.

Booker was born and lived in Michigan before moving to Mississippi to attend high school.

More: Suns vs. Pistons at Michigan State stirs memories of Ishbia, Booker for Tom Izzo

The NBA.com video clip shows Booker calling Neitzel a "Grand Rapids legend" before the game when asked who gave him his first autograph. Booker (10 points, three assists, and a block in 20 minutes) later met and hugged Neitzel, met his young son and gladly obliged to sign the kid's Booker replica jersey. Neitzel called it a ''full-circle moment'' as he lifted his son so Booker could sign his jersey.

Neitzel played for Michigan State from 2004-08 and helped lead the Spartans to the 2005 Final Four. He's among three players in school history and 12 Big Ten players to ever finish their college career with 1,500 points and 500 assists.

Also after the game, Booker told AZFamily 3TV's sideline reporter Amanda Pflugrad that he grew up as a Michigan State fan in Grand Rapids, about an hour from the East Lansing campus. He also said Michigan State coach Tom Izzo used to let him play pickup games with the Spartans when he was in high school.

Booker paid homage to the school by wearing a customized Spartan green version of his signature Nike Booker 1 shoes with the "Sparty" mascot.

The game was also a bright flashback moment for Suns owner Mat Ishbia. He played as a Spartans walk-on from 2000 to 2003. Ishbia was on their 2000 NCAA title team and went to the following year's Final Four.

This article originally appeared on Arizona Republic: Booker had 'full-circle moment' in Suns' win at Michigan State

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Devin Booker out, other All-Stars questionable for NBA's Christmas day slate

Booker's not the only All-Star at risk of being sidelined for the NBA's Christmas showcase.

17d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: The 5 key plays from Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will play Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Ohio State opens as 9.5-point favorite over Notre Dame in national title game

The Buckeyes and Fighting Irish will meet on Jan. 20 in Atlanta.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Jack Sawyer's fumble return TD cements Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will meet Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Pelicans' Herb Jones out indefinitely with torn labrum in his shoulder

It's been a hard season for the New Orleans Pelicans and it's about to get harder.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cotton Bowl score, results: Ohio State handles Texas, advances to title game

The title game is set.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Nick Saban elected to 2025 College Football Hall of Fame class

Saban won seven college football national championships, six of them during a legendary run at Alabama.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
LSU WR Kyren Lacy wanted on charges of negligent homicide and hit-and-run

Lacy declared for the 2025 NFL Draft two days after the crash occurred.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
2024 NFL All-Pro team announced, led by Lamar Jackson at QB

The Lions and Ravens led with four players each named first-team All-Pro.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck commits to Miami for final season of college football

Beck had entered the 2025 NFL Draft before heading into the transfer portal.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
CFP semifinal reactions: Did Notre Dame get LUCKY? and where it ALL went wrong for Penn State | College Football Power Hour

Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz & Adam Breneman react to this Orange Bowl ‘instant classic’ as Notre Dame defeats Penn State 27-24.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fact of Fiction: Zion Williamson should have a trade market

The Pelicans star's impact has been more theoretical than actual. Is there anywhere but New Orleans that still wants to test that theory?

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns, Jaguars, Jets to take part in 2025 NFL London Games

Madrid, Spain, and Berlin will also host NFL regular-season games in 2025.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: The 5 key plays from Notre Dame's Orange Bowl win over Penn State

Both teams combined for 31 points in the fourth quarter after scoring just 20 in the first three quarters.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
After another heartbreaking loss, will James Franklin and Penn State ever get over the hump?

Notre Dame is playing for a national title for the first time in 12 seasons, and Penn State has come up short yet again in a big-time matchup.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/devin-booker-autograph-full-circle-042412842.html 
 ----- 
