SUNDAY, JANUARY 05, 2025
ENGLISH
हिन्दी
SIGN IN
VIDEOS
INDIA
WORLD
ENTERTAINMENT
SPORTS
TECH
EXPLAINER
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS
HEALTH
Advertisement
YOU ARE AT:
News
Sports
Cricket
IND vs AUS, 1st T20, Highlights: AUS annihilate IND; win by 4 wickets
IND vs AUS, 1st T20, Highlights: AUS annihilate IND; win by 4 wickets
AUS win by 4 wickets; take 1-0 lead in 3-match series.
Written By: Kartik Mehindru 
@mehindrukartik
New Delhi
Published : Sep 20, 2022 17:00 IST, Updated : Sep 20, 2022 23:52 IST
Follow us on 
Image Source : INDIA TV
India vs Australia, 1st T20I: Highlights

IND vs AUS, 1st T20, Highlights: AUS annihilate IND; win by 4 wickets

What a win this is for Australia. Chasing 209, they did not even break a sweat. Powered by Green and Wade, they have chased the total with 4 balls to spare. India need to think. They need to think hard. The caravan now moves to Nagpur. Until then, this is Kartik Mehindru, signing off. 

Australian Innings
AUS 195/5: Tim David and Wade proving why Australia will be the favourites to win the World Cup over a month from now. Kangaroos just moments away from a famous win. 
AUS 157/5: With 4 overs remaining and Tim David, Wade still at the crease, AUS would fancy their chances, but so would India. 
AUS 146/5: Axar Patel comes back into the attack and has sends back Inglis. What a night he is having here. Absolutely bonkers. What a player! 
AUS 124/4: Smith, Maxwell are back in the hut, and India are back in the game. Umesh Yadav doing all the damage here. 
AUS 110/2: Finally some relief for India. It is Axar who is doing it for them with the ball in hand. Green falls and this will help in slowing the kangaroos down for a bit.
AUS 100/1: This is some counterattack from Australia. Green is on absolute fire and Indian bowlers are clueless right now. They have no idea what has hit them.
Alright, Green was out on Chahal's delivery in the previous over. No one even appealed. Will it prove expensive?
AUS 39/1: And just when it seemed difficult, Rohit hands over the ball to Axar and he sends Finch packing! 
AUS 38/0: Well well well, the Indian bowling is looking pretty ordinary right now. Both Green and Finch are off to an attacking start. India under the pump here. They have to be careful not to give away too many runs. 
Indian Innings

Hardik Pandya has powered the home team to 208 and has played one of the best T20I innings in a recent while. What hitting! Sensational stuff from the GT captain. Can AUS chase it? Stay tuned!

IND 187/6: Pandya hits 50; Can he take India to over 200?
IND 180/6: DK falls for 6(5); Can Hardik take IND to 200? Harshal is the new batter.

IND 176/5: With 2 overs remaining, IND will now look to get at least 200. Anything below that and they will be unhappy.

IND 148/5: Axar falls after a god knows what cameo. His promotion ahead of Karthik just doesn't make sense right now. Anyways, Karthik is in. Let's see what the finisher can do.

IND 141/4: IND have again restricted Karthik to come in the last few overs. Axar is the new batter. Great opportunity for him. Let's see what he can do. Hardik, on the other hand, is looking to play his shots. 

IND 126/4: Suryakumar Yadav was toying with the bowling. 2 maximums to Zampa and he fell just 4 short of a fifty. Great innings anyways.

IND 103/2: KL Rahul falls after a fantastic fifty. Hardik is the next batter. India would want to get at least a 100 more from here on. 

IND 86/2: Rahul has been fantastic up until now. India will be pleased with the way he has batted.

IND 70/2: Great stuff from Rahul and SKY. They haven't let the pressure mount at all and have struck some lusty blows. Can they continue the good work? 

IND 46/2 after Powerplay; Can SKY-Rahul re-build?

IND 35/2: What a Powerplay this is turning out to be for Australia. First Rohit and now they have sent back Kohli. SKY is the next batter and he will again need to play the role of the saviour. 
IND 30/1: Zampa has come in and have put the brakes on India's innings. Kohli took 3 dot balls before rotating the strike, but Rahul gathered some momentum in the end with a timely boundary. 
IND 25/1: Rohit's poor record vs AUS in T20Is continue. Big wicket for Australia and Virat Kohli is the next batter.
IND 14/0: Rohit is turning on the heat here. Two classic shots and IND gather 10 runs off the 2nd over.  
​IND 4/0: As far as the first over is concerned, both batters looked to hit almost everything out of the park, but Hazlewood bowled some beautiful lines. Rohit in particular was looking to attack from the word go. Exciting times! 

India have gone ahead with Dinesh Karthik at the expense of Rishabh Pant. Clear signs for what the team is looking at for the World Cup down-under. Unless any injuries happen, this will be how India's top 6 will look like come the mega-event. 

Australia Playing XI

Aaron Finch(c), Cameron Green, Steven Smith, Glenn Maxwell, Josh Inglis, Tim David, Matthew Wade(w), Pat Cummins, Nathan Ellis, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood

India Playing XI
Rohit Sharma(c), KL Rahul, Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Hardik Pandya, Dinesh Karthik(w), Axar Patel, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Harshal Patel, Umesh Yadav, Yuzvendra Chahal

So, Australia have won the toss and have decided to bowl first. Bumrah has been rested and will be eased back in the team. Harshal is back in the eleven and Rishabh Pant misses out. 

Hello & Welcome to the live blog of India vs Australia, 1st T20I. I am Kartik Mehindru, and I will be taking you through all the latest updates from the match. Before we deep dive into the action, here is something for you to bing read on! 

Dinesh Karthik vs Rishabh Pant: Do we really have winner? Perhaps not!
IND vs AUS: Run fest on cards? Will dew impact result? Here's everything to know
IND vs AUS, 1st T20I: Mohali might have minor rain interruptions in the much-awaited clash
IND vs AUS, 1st T20I: Virat Kohli's Mohali connection, will this love affair continue?
Advertisement
Read all the Breaking News Live on indiatvnews.com and Get Latest English News & Updates from Sports and Cricket Section
INDIA VS AUSTRALIA
Follow IndiaTV on WhatsApp
Advertisement

TOP NEWS

Odisha: BJP leaders killed after dumper hits car, alleged intentional collision under probe

Deva Teaser Out Now: Shahid Kapoor's no-dialogue promo has aggression, violence and dance

'We need to end superstar culture': Irfan Pathan questions Virat Kohli's place in Indian Test team

Advertisement
Advertisement

LATEST NEWS

Bidhuri courts controversy, vows to make road 'smooth as Priyanka Gandhi's cheeks', triggers row

'We need to end superstar culture': Irfan Pathan questions Virat Kohli's place in Indian Test team

Deva Teaser Out Now: Shahid Kapoor's no-dialogue promo has aggression, violence and dance

CA responds to Sunil Gavaskar not being invited for Border-Gavaskar trophy presentation

Advertisement
India TV :
Contact UsAbout UsAdvertiseComplaint RedressalIn the PressInvestors Column
Popular Categories :
Live TVWorldPhotosVideosIndiaSportsBollywoodBusiness

© 2009-2025 Independent News Service. All rights reserved.  

Site Map|Legal disclaimer|Privacy Policy|CSR Policy|RIO|Complaint Redressal | Rss
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatvnews.com/sports/cricket/ind-vs-aus-1st-t20-score-latest-updates-india-vs-australia-full-scorecard-ball-by-ball-commentary-playing-11-ind-vs-aus-highlights-2022-09-20-809912 
 ----- 
