Skip to content

Crictoday

Lifeline of Cricket

हिन्दी
Menu
Posted in
CRICKETNEWS
KL Rahul is a better player than Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli – Gautam Gambhir
by Staff Writer
September 17, 2022

Virat's sensational century against Afghanistan has sparked debates on whether 'King Kohli' can open the batting.

Virat Kohli’s maiden T20I century, where he scored 122* off 61 balls, marked his resurgence to form and could not have come at a better time ahead of the ICC T20 World Cup 2022, which is less than a month away.

Virat’s sensational century against Afghanistan has sparked debates on whether ‘King Kohli’ can open the batting for team India ahead of the T20I series against Australia from 20th September to 25th September 2022

Speaking exclusively on Star Sports ‘Follow the Blues’, Gautam Gambhir gave his viewpoint.

When asked about his expectations of Virat Kohli ahead of the series of important tournaments for Team India, Gautam Gambhir said, “Exactly the same fluency we saw in the Asia Cup. The only issue is that when we saw him play that innings against Afghanistan, it was at the top of the order. And in a T20 format, there is a huge difference in playing in the first six and after the first six. And when you go into the middle without having any scoreboard pressure, suddenly when you’re one wicket down or probably will have to continue the momentum, so that’s a different ball game, but runs under your belt or no runs under your belt, there is no better feeling than scoring a hundred. And Virat goes into the series with a lot of confidence, and I hope he continues his form because he will be very useful if India has to play well in the world cup. After all, it’s a very important position.”

“If Virat Kohli has got a hundred in the last game, we all start forgetting about what KL Rahul and Rohit Sharma have done over such a long period. And suddenly, when you start this debate about Virat Kohli opening the batting, imagine what happens to KL Rahul. You don’t want your top-class players to be under pressure, especially someone like KL Rahul, who has more ability than Rohit Sharma or Virat Kohli. And we have seen that in international cricket and the IPL as well. Think from India’s point of view and not from an individual’s point of view,” he added.

Tagged:ICC T20 World CupKL RahulRohit SharmaVirat Kohli
Post navigation
Previous
Gujarat Titans break silence over Shubman Gill leaving to Chennai Super Kings for IPL 2023
Next
‘There is no need to put pressure on Rohit Sharma and KL Rahul because of Virat Kohli’
Leave a comment

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name

Email

Website

Crictoday Trending News
"BCCI should learn from England and Australia": Sunil Gavaskar urges Indian cricket board to start dedicating a day of Test cricket for charity purposes
"Stop giving interviews and stay away from limelight": Sanjay Manjrekar slams Nitish Kumar Reddy after his first ball duck in the fifth Test against Australia
India hit by Jasprit Bumrah's injury on Day 2 of fifth Test against Australia
"He fields like a leopard and bowls accurately": Former Australia coach names an Indian player who would be his first choice in the team
"I played at Sydney Cricket Ground for 14 years but didn't see so much grass on the pitch": Glenn McGrath left surprised by the track in fifth BGT Test
"India can't qualify for WTC Final, and the selectors want a new captain for a new cycle": Ex-India player predicts the end of Rohit Sharma's career

LATEST NEWS
PCB to fly injured Ayub to London for treatment in attempt to get opener fit for Champions Trophy
January 5, 2025
“He doesn’t believe in hardwork”: Irfan Pathan demands end of superstar culture after Virat Kohli’s miserable performance against Australia
January 5, 2025
“Lots of ifs and buts because the whole series was well fought”: Jasprit Bumrah opines on Team India’s defeat in Border-Gavaskar Trophy
January 5, 2025
Australia achieve big record after beating India in Border-Gavaskar Trophy 2024-25
January 5, 2025
“You can’t be that soft”: Gautam Gambhir mocks Sam Konstas and Australia head coach Andrew McDonald
January 5, 2025
LIVE CRICKET

AUS vs PAK 2024

 

Rohit Sharma

 

Ind vs SA 2024

 

R Ashwin

 

ZIM vs PAK 2024

NZ vs ENG 2024

 

Rohit and Gambhir

 

Yuvraj Singh

 

Akash Deep

 

Nathan Bracken

 

Shoaib Malik

 

CSK legend

CRICKET TRENDIN

Ranji Trophy 2024

 

Afghanistan

 

MS Dhoni

 

PAK vs ENG

 

Jose Mourinho

 

David Warner

 

Kane Williamson

 

Prithvi Shaw

 

nz w t20 2024

 

Virat and Rahul

 

Mohammed Siraj

 

Basit Ali

COMPANY

About Us

 

Magazine

 

Feedback

 

Career

 

Privacy Policy

 

Terms of Use

 

RSS Feed

 

Policies & Standards

 

Contact Us

 

Media Kit

 

Newsletters

 

Sports Shop

OTHER WEBSITES

Grehlakshmi

 

Diamond books

 

क्रिकटुडे हिंदी

 

Tingaland

 

Cricket Today

Follow Us..

  

Download Now

 

© 2025 Copyright Crictoday, Diamond Magazine Private Limited. All rights reserved
Powered by Newspack
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://crictoday.com/cricket/daily-cricket-news/kl-rahul-is-a-better-player-than-rohit-sharma-and-virat-kohli-gautam-gambhir/ 
 ----- 
