SUNDAY, JANUARY 05, 2025
ENGLISH
हिन्दी
SIGN IN
VIDEOS
INDIA
WORLD
ENTERTAINMENT
SPORTS
TECH
EXPLAINER
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS
HEALTH
Advertisement
YOU ARE AT:
News
Sports
Cricket
Australia tour of India: Aaron Finch-led Australia board flight for Indian subcontinent
Australia tour of India: Aaron Finch-led Australia board flight for Indian subcontinent
Australia tour of India: The Australian team, which was on an ODI playing spree up until now will now play 8 T20Is in the lead-up to their World Cup campaign.
Written By: Jishu Bhattacharya 
@bh0592
New Delhi
Published : Sep 15, 2022 12:58 IST, Updated : Sep 15, 2022 13:02 IST
Follow us on 
Image Source : GETTY IMAGES
Australian team after their series victory over New Zealand
HIGHLIGHTS
The series will start on September 20, 2022
David Warner has been rested for the India tour
Australia will play 8 T20I games before they head into the World Cup

Australia tour of India: After the conclusion of the Asia Cup, the Indian team is all set to play a three-match T20I series against Australia. The much-awaited series will commence on September 20, 2022, and will be played in India. Both the teams, who also happen to be the major title contenders will have a chance to access their squad and the combination they have in mind for the upcoming T20I World Cup. 

The Australian team, which was on an ODI playing spree up until now will now play 8 T20Is in the lead-up to their World Cup campaign. Australia will clash horns against India in a three-match T20I series and will later play West Indies in a two-match T20I series. Aaron Finch-led Aussies will later take on England in a three-match T20I series. As per precautionary measures, the Aussies have rested the likes of Mitch Starc, Mitch Marsh, and Marcus Stoinis for the India series. 

ALSO READ | Rachael Haynes retires: Australian vice-captain bids goodbye to international & state cricket

Image Source : GETTY IMAGES
Aaron Finch shares a quick laugh with his team

Aaron Finch and co. have flown out for India on Thursday and are expected to reach India on Friday. Pat Cummins confirmed this information himself by posting a selfie with a caption that reads "Australia tour of India". The Australian team had already rested David Warner for this series. Nathan Ellis, Daniel Sams, and Sean Abbott have been added to the squad in the absence of the big guns.

Image Source : GETTY IMAGES
Cameroon Green celebrates a fall of wicket

The Australian team is the defending champion of this year's T20I title. With the marquee event being played in their backyard, Australia will have promising chances to repeat their heroics. Before this, the men in yellow have emerged victorious in their ODI series against Zimbabwe and New Zealand.

RELATED STORIES
Asia Cup 2022: Three reasons why India's ship failed to sail past Pakistan's challenge
T20I World Cup: Subject to fitness will Bumrah and Harshal make it to India's squad in T20 World Cup
IND vs AUS, T20I Series: Aussies brace themselves ahead of Virat Kohli challenge

Squad:

Australia squad: Aaron Finch (c), Sean Abbott, Ashton Agar, Pat Cummins, Tim David, Nathan Ellis, Cameron Green, Josh Hazlewood, Josh Inglis, Glenn Maxwell, Kane Richardson, Daniel Sams, Steve Smith, Matthew Wade, Adam Zampa

India Squad: Rohit Sharma (Captain), KL Rahul (vice-captain), Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Deepak Hooda, Rishabh Pant (wicket-keeper), Dinesh Karthik (wicket-keeper), Hardik Pandya, R. Ashwin, Yuzvendra Chahal, Axar Patel, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohd. Shami, Harshal Patel, Deepak Chahar, Jasprit Bumrah.

Advertisement
Read all the Breaking News Live on indiatvnews.com and Get Latest English News & Updates from Sports and Cricket Section
INDIA
AUSTRALIA
Follow IndiaTV on WhatsApp
Advertisement

TOP NEWS

Odisha: BJP leaders killed after dumper hits car, alleged intentional collision under probe

Deva Teaser Out Now: Shahid Kapoor's no-dialogue promo has aggression, violence and dance

'We need to end superstar culture': Irfan Pathan questions Virat Kohli's place in Indian Test team

Advertisement
Advertisement

LATEST NEWS

Bidhuri courts controversy, vows to make road 'smooth as Priyanka Gandhi's cheeks', triggers row

'We need to end superstar culture': Irfan Pathan questions Virat Kohli's place in Indian Test team

Deva Teaser Out Now: Shahid Kapoor's no-dialogue promo has aggression, violence and dance

CA responds to Sunil Gavaskar not being invited for Border-Gavaskar trophy presentation

Advertisement
India TV :
Contact UsAbout UsAdvertiseComplaint RedressalIn the PressInvestors Column
Popular Categories :
Live TVWorldPhotosVideosIndiaSportsBollywoodBusiness

© 2009-2025 Independent News Service. All rights reserved.  

Site Map|Legal disclaimer|Privacy Policy|CSR Policy|RIO|Complaint Redressal | Rss
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatvnews.com/sports/cricket/australia-tour-of-india-aaron-finch-led-australia-board-flight-for-indian-subcontinent-2022-09-15-808479 
 ----- 
