Skip to main content
True Blue LA homepage
a Los Angeles Dodgers community
Follow True Blue LA online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
True Blue LA main menu
MASTHEAD
ABOUT US
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

DODGERS GAME COVERAGE
World Series and Dodgers history of leading 2-0 in a best-of-7 series

LA got two wins in two tries at home, and have up to five chances to get the two more wins they need to close out a World Series

By Eric Stephen@ericstephen  Oct 27, 2024, 11:59am PDT  21 Comments / 21 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Eric Stephen is the managing editor of True Blue LA, where he's covered the Dodgers since 2009, and the co-host of the Three-Inning Save podcast. He's on Bluesky at @ericstephen.bsky.social.

LOS ANGELES — Though the bulk of Sunday will be spent waiting on news of the availability of Shohei Ohtani and his left shoulder injury, the Dodgers head into New York in a position of strength in the World Series, up two games to none in the World Series.

It’s the first time the Dodgers led a series 2-0 since the 2020 NLDS.

Historically, being up 2-0 in the World Series has proven fruitful, with 45 of the first 56 teams (80.4 percent) that won the first two games also winning the championship.

If we limit things to only best-of-7 series, and wins in the first two games at home, the numbers are similar, courtesy of Jayson Stark at The Athletic:

That’s 82 percent of teams winning a best-of-7 after winning the first two at home, and 82.1 percent in that situation in the World Series.

Even though it had been 43 years since the Yankees and Dodgers met in the Fall Classic, they have an October history richer than any pair of teams in major league history, as this is their 12th World Series matchups. In each of the previous two such meetings, one team won the first two games at home, only to lose the series:

1978: Dodgers won two games in Los Angeles, Yankees won the next four
1981: Yankees won two games in New York, Dodgers won the next four

The Dodgers also won the first two games of the 1956 World Series at Ebbets Field in Brooklyn, only to see the Yankees claim the title in Game 7. After moving to Los Angeles, the Dodgers won the first two games of the 1963 World Series at Yankee Stadium and then completed the sweep at home.

The only other time the Dodgers led a World Series 2-0 was in 1988, when the Dodgers erased a last-inning lead with a walk-off home run by an injured star, then rode a strong pitching performance to also win Game 2. They won that series on the road by winning two of three games in Oakland.

RELATED

Related: 3-1 advantages in best-of-7

In the best-of-7 National League Championship Series, the Dodgers in 1985 won the first two games at Dodger Stadium but lost the next four to the Cardinals. In 2017, they won the first two games at home against the Cubs, and won the series in five games.

Walker Buehler will start Game 3 on Monday night in New York, as the Dodgers try for their third-ever 3-0 lead in a best-of-7 series. They did so previously in the aforementioned 1963 World Series sweep as well as the 2017 NLCS, as Kiké Hernández hit three home runs in the third game at Wrigley Field.

The Dodgers will run a bullpen game in Game 4, with Jack Flaherty presumably available for a potential Game 5 on four days rest if his hamstring feels good. Whether Ohtani is able to play after the subluxation of his left shoulder remains to be seen.

In other words, there is a lot left to do, but the Dodgers do hold an unmistakable advantage at the moment.

Teoscar Hernández, whose two-run home run in Game 2 widened the Dodgers’ lead, said the Dodgers are confident whether or not Ohtani plays.

“We were battling throughout the year with a lot of injuries. First was the starting pitchers, then Mookie, and then Freddie. And hopefully not Ohtani in this case,” Hernández said Saturday night. “It’s not going to be a good feeling, but if he can’t go on Monday, we just have to keep doing the thing we’ve been doing for the past couple weeks.”

IN THIS STREAM
World Series: Dodgers vs. Yankees
LA’s day of Dodgers celebration
History of leading 2-0 in a best-of-7 series
Joe Davis reflects on his Game 1 call
VIEW ALL 91 STORIES
MORE FROM TRUE BLUE LA
Updated Dodgers 40-man roster
Dodgers trade Cartaya to Twins for RHP Jose Vasquez
More on departing Dodgers Cartaya & Lux
Notes: Hernández, Lux, Mizuhara
Lux is a Red, making room in LA for Kim
Gavin Lux traded to Reds for Mike Sirota & draft pick
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the True Blue LA Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Dodgers news from True Blue LA
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.truebluela.com/2024/10/27/24280748/world-series-history-dodgers-2-0-lead-best-of-7 
 ----- 
