MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Darius Garland scores season-high 40 points, Cavaliers beat Raptors 132-126 for 12th straight win
Published Jan. 9, 2025 9:45 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

CLEVELAND (AP) — Darius Garland scored a season-high 40 points, Jarrett Allen had 18 points and 15 rebounds, and the NBA-leading Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Toronto Raptors 132-126 on Thursday night to extend their win streak to 12.

Evan Mobley finished with 21 points, 11 rebounds and six assists for the Cavaliers, who are tied for the fifth-best record in league history through 37 games at 33-4. Cleveland also has the top home mark in the NBA, going 20-1 at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse.

Scottie Barnes had 24 points, 10 rebounds and eight assists for Toronto, which is a league-worst 1-17 on the road and has lost 15 of its last 16 overall. Chris Boucher added 23 points and 12 rebounds off the bench.

Cavaliers guard Donovan Mitchell was given the night off after playing a team-high 35 minutes Wednesday in a 129-122 win over the Thunder. West leader Oklahoma City had won a franchise-record 15 in a row.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link
Takeaways

Raptors: Boucher and rookie Jamal Shead combined to make 12 of their first 13 shots, including all eight 3-pointers, as Toronto built a 93-81 lead midway through the third quarter. Shead didn’t play in the fourth and finished with 15 points.

Cavaliers: Coach Kenny Atkinson said wrapping up a back-to-back set against the Raptors was “a perfect trap game.” Cleveland’s players didn’t take the message to heart until the final quarter, when they outscored Toronto 34-23.

Key moment

Allen dove into the courtside seats to rebound Barnes’ missed turnaround that could have tied the score with 1:02 remaining. Garland followed with a 3-pointer that extended the Cavaliers’ lead to 129-124.

Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
Chargers vs. Texans takeaways: C.J. Stroud gives Houston puncher's chance
C.J. Stroud showed that the Texans might just have a shot against the AFC's top teams. Meanwhile, the Chargers' playoff nightmares continue.
Payton Sandfort's huge second half propels Iowa to 85-60 romp over Indiana
Payton Sandfort scored 21 of his 23 points in the second half, sophomores Owen Freeman and Brock Harding added double-doubles and Iowa pummele...
Key stat

Center Allen and power forward Mobley made 15 of their 20 field goal attempts, continuing to bolster their case for being chosen to the Eastern Conference All-Star team.

Up next

The Raptors visit Detroit on Saturday. The Cavaliers host Indiana on Sunday.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/NBA

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 NBA Mock Draft 1.0: Debate at the top with Cooper Flagg and Dylan Harper
'I was not prepared for what I saw': Lakers coach JJ Redick details devastation from Palisades Fire
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Cleveland Cavaliers
Darius Garland
National Basketball Association
Donovan Mitchell
Chris Boucher
Scottie Barnes
Evan Mobley
Jarrett Allen
Darius Garland
Toronto Raptors
Cleveland Cavaliers
NBA - Toronto Raptors vs. Cleveland Cavaliers - 01/10/2025
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/darius-garland-scores-seasonhigh-40-points-cavaliers-beat-raptors-132126-for-12th-straight-win 
 ----- 
