ERR kasutab oma veebilehtedel http küpsiseid. Kasutamist jätkates nõustute kõikide ERR-i veebilehtede küpsiste seadetega
SAIN ARU
LOEN VEEL
X
news
Watch live: Estonia face Lithuania in Baltic Cup final on Tuesday evening
NEWS
ERR
11.06.2024 12:45
Estonia versus the Faroe Islands in the semi-final of the 2024 Baltic Cup. Source: Priit Mürk/ERR

On Tuesday evening, the Estonian men's national football team play Lithuania in the final of the Baltic Cup. The match, which takes place at the Darius and Girėnas stadium in Kaunas, can be viewed live on ETV2 and ERR's sports portal from 7 p.m.

Newly appointed Estonian national team head coach Jürgen Henn got off to a flying start with a superb 4-1 win over the Faroe Islands in the semi-finals of the Baltic Cup at the weekend. Now his side are aiming to bring home the trophy that they last won in 2021, as they take on Lithuania in Tuesday's final.

"You can really say it was a successful start," Estonian men's national team captain Karol Mets told ERR after the semi-final victory over the Faroes. "We didn't get a rush of blood in front of the opponents' goal. We managed to come back into the game and I think in the end the 4-1 win was well deserved. There's still a long way to go, it was just the beginning and there's still a lot to improve."

Estonia's opponents in the final of the Baltic Cup will be Lithuania, who beat Latvia 2-0 in their semi-final. According to Estonian defender Märten Kuusk (Flora Tallinn), Lithuania's man strength is their ability to defend as a team. "Our task then is to break them down. It's going to be a good challenge in that respect," Kuusk said.

"They managed to score a goal against Latvia from a set-piece, but at the same time, it was nothing special. We just have to stand strong and be willing to attack the ball. We also like to score from set pieces, I think that's our strength as well. The counterattack is another thing to keep an eye on," he added.

Estonia last won the Baltic Cup in 2021, when they defeated Latvia 2-1 in the final, ending 83 years of hurt.

Football fans will be able to watch the match live on ETV2 here. Coverage begins on Tuesday, June 11 at 6.45 p.m. Estonian time, with kick-off at 7 p.m.

--

Follow ERR News on Facebook and Twitter and never miss an update!

Editor: ERR Sport, Michael Cole

sports
football
jürgen henn
estonian men's national football team
baltic cup 2024
baltic cup final
live sports
Message ERR News
RELATED
Estonia beats Lithuania 4:3 on penalties to win Baltic Cup
Football Association gives medal to outgoing national team coach Häberli
Estonia aim to build on solid defense in Baltic Cup final against Lithuania
Estonia hit four against Faroes to reach Baltic Cup final
LISTEN: CHRISTMAS 24/7
Radio 2 launches temporary 24/7 Christmas music station
LISTEN: RADIO TALLINN
WATCH: JUPITER
ABOUT US

ERR News is the English-language service of Estonian Public Broadcasting, run by a fully independent editorial team.

To read up on ERR News' comments rules and to contact ERR's other services, please follow the link below.

Staff, contacts & comments

LATEST NEWS
11:41
Katri Raik elected Narva mayor again as Toots ousted by no-confidence vote
10:29
Leaking LNG tanker transported off Tallinn-Pärnu Highway
28.12
Paper: Finnish authorities prevented damage to Estlink 1, Balticconnector
28.12
In brief: Estonia-Finland cable disruption Updated 28.12
28.12
Oil tanker seized by Finland 'was loaded with spying equipment'
28.12
Narva mayor faces another no confidence vote
28.12
Foreign minister welcomes US decision to sanction Georgian Dream founder
28.12
Tartu marks New Year's Eve with three light shows
28.12
Nublu and Maria Kallastu's 'Push it' named Raadio 2's song of the year
28.12
Tallinn to welcome 2025 with concert and drone show
HOW MUCH WILL YOU PAY?
Official car tax calculator: See how much you'll have to pay
MOST READ ARTICLES
28.12
Oil tanker seized by Finland 'was loaded with spying equipment'
28.12
Paper: Finnish authorities prevented damage to Estlink 1, Balticconnector
28.12
Stores will stop giving out 1 and 2 cent coins From January 1
28.12
Researcher: Finland's detention of Eagle S oil tanker sets legal precedent
27.12
Estonia dispatches Navy patrol boat to guard EstLink 1 cable
28.12
Tallinn to welcome 2025 with concert and drone show
26.12
Finnish police: Ship at the site of EstLink 2's breakage missing anchor
28.12
In brief: Estonia-Finland cable disruption Updated 28.12
USEFUL INFORMATION
Commenting on ERR News articles
ERR News materials terms of use
ERR
Üldinfo
Avalik teave
Kontaktid
Pressiteated
Eetikanõunik
Tule tööle/praktikale
Ajalugu
In English
По-русски
Arhiiv ja teenused
Arhiivide üldinfo
arhiiv.err.ee
Koopiad ja kasutamine
Muuseum
Kostüümilaenutus
Tehnilised teenused
Helistuudiod
Kultuuriteated
Uudisteportaalid
Uudised
Sport
Kultuur
Novaator
Meelelahutus
Ilm
rus.err.ee
news.err.ee
Programmid
ETV
ETV2
ETV+
Vikerraadio
Raadio 2
Klassikaraadio
Raadio 4
Raadio Tallinn
Jupiter
Varia
Vaegkuuljatele ja -nägijatele
Kasutustingimused
Isikuandmete töötlemisest
Jupiter+
Jupiter IO
Lasteekraan
Raadioteater
Eesti Rahvusringhääling | F. R. Kreutzwaldi 14, 15029 Tallinn, Eesti | E-post: err[ät]err.ee | Tel: 628 4100 | Toimetus
Teoste avaldamine sel lehel on kooskõlastatud EAÜ/NCB-ga
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://news.err.ee/1609367870/watch-live-estonia-face-lithuania-in-baltic-cup-final-on-tuesday-evening 
 ----- 
