Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Sox eliminated from contention following inconsistent second half
Share
Sox eliminated from contention following inconsistent second half
September 26th, 2024

Ian Browne

@IanMBrowne
Share
;

8 SECONDS REMAINING

TORONTO -- After being unable to sustain much momentum coming out of the All-Star break, the Red Sox provided a flicker of hope with a four-game winning streak that staved off elimination for a few days.

But the reality of the pending offseason set in on Wednesday night at Rogers Centre, as a 6-1 loss to the Blue Jays, combined with wins from both Detroit and Kansas City, officially ended Boston’s postseason chances.

The club will have a day off on Thursday before wrapping up the 2024 season with a three-game series at Fenway against the Rays.

While you’d be hard-pressed to find a prognosticator who picked the Red Sox to make it to the playoffs prior to the season, the club defied external expectations for a stretch, holding a two-game lead for the third American League Wild Card spot at the All-Star break.

However, chief baseball officer Craig Breslow chose not to lean on that as a crutch in an interview just hours before his club was eliminated.

“I think we play these games to make it to the postseason, win the World Series,” said Breslow. “So falling short of that, it should be a disappointment. I want it to be a disappointment. I want it to hurt. That doesn't mean we can't find things that we did well, or things that are encouraging or reasons for optimism, but at the end of the day, you play these seasons to win games and get to the postseason. We are … looking at a season where that didn't happen.”

After the game, manager Alex Cora bemoaned the missed opportunity to take advantage of some of the other contenders struggling in September.

“Outside our walls here, nobody expected us to play meaningful games all the way until now,” said Cora. “But our goal was to make it to the playoffs. It didn’t happen, but it’s a good learning experience for those kids over there. I mean, at one point it felt like we were a playoff-caliber team, and then we missed the opportunity. Let’s put it that way. You look around, you look at the teams that are fighting, we had it right there and we blew it.”

The opportunity to get to October was undone by the team’s 27-36 record following the All-Star break. By contrast, the Sox were 54-43 prior to the break.

“In this game, you have to take advantage of opportunities, you’ve got to be consistent,” said Cora. “After the All-Star break, we were very inconsistent.”

Related
Red Sox reach deals with pitching trio; Duran could be headed to arbitration

2:57 AM UTC

Hendriks kicks off closer competition at frigid Fenway

January 9th, 2025

Will Red Sox deploy a 6-man rotation in 2025?

January 6th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

6 reasons Dustin Pedroia belongs in the Hall of Fame

January 4th, 2025

For the Red Sox, the season essentially had three phases: The first third, when the starting rotation excelled, but the club consistently muddled around .500; the middle third, when the offense and athleticism were on full display, allowing them to stay right in the thick of contention through the Trade Deadline; and the final third, when the rotation faltered, then recovered, the bullpen struggled for chunks of time and the offense went into a month-long slump -- a combination of events that took them out of contention.

“I think one of the challenges that I have, that we have is, ‘Is this what we are? Is this who we are?’ vs. ‘Are there some material things we can point to that are reasons that we kind of deviated off [course]?’” said Breslow. “I think those evaluations are best made once the season's over and you have the chance to remove some of the emotion and look at the total body of work.”

That total body of work included leadoff man Jarren Duran emerging into one of the most dynamic players in the game. It included rookies Wilyer Abreu, Ceddanne Rafaela and David Hamilton all proving they have a place in the Major Leagues.

It included Tanner Houck, Kutter Crawford and Brayan Bello all reaching the 30-start mark for the first time in their young careers, while each setting personal bests in innings pitched.

The Red Sox had several crushing losses down the stretch that will haunt them while watching other teams in the playoffs.

The go-ahead grand slam by Aaron Judge on Sept. 13, a game in which the Sox had a 4-0 lead, was a crusher. More recently, their Sept. 20 loss against the Twins in which Boston went 1-for-19 with runners in scoring position and left 17 on base while striking out 20 times in a 12-inning loss was, in hindsight, the blow that couldn’t be recovered from.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Though the four-game winning streak that followed that agonizing Minnesota defeat was a stepping stone, the Sox would have had to run the table and finish the season with eight straight victories to have any chance to get to October.

And even that probably wouldn’t have been enough.

“I thought we had a pretty good year. I mean, we made a good run.” said Duran. “We just ran into some slumps that didn't help us. It’s a good building block for next year.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Boston Red Sox

Supervising Club Reporter Ian Browne has covered the Red Sox for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/red-sox-eliminated-from-2024-playoffs 
 ----- 
