Skip to content
Subscribe Now
25°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime & Public Safety
Your Tax Dollars At Work
Massachusetts
Nation
World
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Columnists
Traffic
Automotive
Real Estate
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Submit a Letter
Sports
Sports
Boston Red Sox
New England Patriots
Boston Celtics
Boston Bruins
Olympics
College Sports
High School Sports
Politics
Politics
Donald Trump
Election 2024
State House
Boston City Hall
Entertainment
Entertainment
Arts
Movies
TV and Streaming
Music and Concerts
Events
Fun & Games
Contests
Comics
Puzzles
Special Sections
Lifestyle
Lifestyle
Restaurants Food & Drink
Travel
Fashion
Boston Herald Store
Photo
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Login

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBBOSTON RED SOX
Red Sox eliminate themselves from Wild Card race with 6-1 loss to Blue Jays
Toronto Blue Jays star Vladimir Guerrero Jr. slides into second base with a double ahead of a tag by Boston Red Sox shortstop Trevor Story in the fourth inning of a game in Toronto on Wednesday. (Jon Blacker/The Canadian Press via AP)
By GABRIELLE STARR | gstarr@bostonherald.com
UPDATED: September 25, 2024 at 11:07 PM EST

The hunt for Red Sox October is officially over.

They teetered on the edge for a weeks and staved off elimination with a come-from-behind extra-innings victory on Tuesday. This is the franchise that’s made stunning comebacks and defiance of expectations their bread and butter.

But on Wednesday night, a 6-1 loss to the Blue Jays in Toronto officially slammed the door on the American League Wild Card race. For the third postseason in a row, the Red Sox will be on the outside looking in, matching their longest streak of October absences in the last 30 years.

Richard Fitts came close to making Major League history; he’d begun his career with three consecutive starts of five or more innings without allowing an earned run, and no pitcher had ever done so in their first four.

The rookie right-hander held the Blue Jays scoreless through three before giving up a leadoff double to Vladimir Guerrero Jr. and his first career earned run on a subsequent double by Alejandro Kirk. Ernie Clement’s one-out single plated another run, and the Blue Jays scored another two in the bottom of the fifth on Kirk’s two-out single before Wilyer Abreu threw him out at second to end the inning.

Final line: four earned runs on six hits, two walks, and two strikeouts over five innings.

“I’m not happy with it at all,” Fitts told reporters. “This was a crucial game for us, but I just feel like I let the team down. I know I have better and I can be better.”

The Boston bats, meanwhile, wasted a few early scoring opportunities against Kevin Gausman and spent most of the night going quickly and quietly, including four 1-2-3 innings. They were already down 4-0 when Triston Casas’ RBI single drove in the lone run. All in all, seven hits and three walks, but 1-for-6 with runners in scoring position and eight men stranded, including leaving the bases loaded in the sixth. Vaughn Grissom, acquired in exchange for NL Cy Young favorite Chris Sale, struck out looking to cement the elimination.

It’s a fitting ending for the Red Sox, who looked like a playoff team for more than half the season, but ultimately, couldn’t get themselves there. Going into the All-Star break, they held the third Wild Card and were just five games out of first in their division race.

“At one point, it felt like we were (a) playoff-caliber team, and then it just, we missed the opportunity,” manager Alex Cora told reporters. “We had it right there and we blew it.”

The Red Sox are 27-36 since the break. Their bullpen has been the worst in baseball by far. The offense has been missing in action for most of the last two months. They entered Wednesday on their first four-game winning streak since July 5, and promptly broke it.

“In this game, you have to take advantage of opportunities. You got to be consistent. … Since the All-Star break, we were very inconsistent. When we hit, we didn’t pitch, when we pitched, we didn’t hit,” Cora said. “Since LA, we never got it going.”

Their chances were already paper-thin coming into Wednesday. In order to keep their Wild Card hopes alive, the Red Sox not only needed to win all four of their remaining games, but were relying on the Kansas City Royals to lose at least four of their remaining five, the Minnesota Twins to lose at least three of their five, and the Seattle Mariners to lose at least one of their four. According to FanGraphs, there was a 0.6% chance of everything falling Boston’s way.

As Clase extended Toronto’s lead with his first-ever Major League home run, a two-run shot off Josh Winckowski in the bottom of the seventh, the Royals finished a 3-0 victory over the Washington Nationals.

It’s disappointing that the Red Sox came this far, remaining in the race until Game 158, to only come this far. After all, what better way to commemorate the 20th anniversary season of the greatest comeback in baseball history than with another stunning comeback? Shock the world, as Kevin Millar famously said.

But for the same reason, give this team the credit they deserve, for they came this far – further than the projections had them going – despite spending very little during the offseason and having to find ways to win without several key players.

They lost Lucas Giolito, their only proven starting pitching addition, early in spring training. Garrett Whitlock was done for the year after four starts. Grissom missed all of spring training, and when healthy, spent most of the season in Triple-A.

Casas missed months, as did Masataka Yoshida. Trevor Story’s season seemed over after the eighth game, but he made it back. Rafael Devers played through a shoulder issue since the preseason and managed to have another All-Star year and stay on the field until last weekend. Kenley Jansen wasn’t fully healthy early in the preseason and ended up having a strong season until his injured list stint earlier this week.

“Nobody outside the walls here (in our organization), nobody expected us to play all the way ’til now, you know, meaningful games,” Cora said.

Standout performances from their rapidly-growing young core, including Jarren Duran, Tanner Houck, Kutter Crawford, Ceddanne Rafaela, Wilyer Abreu, and Justin Slaten, helped the Red Sox not only stay afloat, but stay in the hunt and win more games than each of the last two years. Fangraphs projected Boston finishing last in the AL East for the third year in a row and winning 79 games, one more than in ‘22 and ‘23. The Red Sox have won 80 games and already mathematically ensured they can’t finish last.

The 2024 Red Sox had so much stacked against them, yet for months they were one of the best teams in baseball, and so fun to watch. They battled and they overcame, and stuck around in this race far longer than expected.

Baseball is a team sport, so the collective result is ultimately what matters. But the foundation of the brighter future the Red Sox brass have been promising for the last half-decade was evident this season. Now, it’s on ownership and the front office to build upon it and get Boston back to its rightful place: in contention.

Three home games with the Tampa Bay Rays stand between Boston and the offseason. The Red Sox need to win at least one of those games to avoid their third consecutive losing season; they’ve only had one streak that long since the 1967 Impossible Dream season.

But this is Boston. These are the Red Sox. If they can eke out a winning record, it’ll be a step in the right direction, but it won’t be enough.

Originally Published: September 25, 2024 at 10:45 PM EST
Around the Web
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Health Trition
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Early Signals of Tardive Dyskinesia That Many People Tend to Ignore! (See More!)
Tardive | Search Ads
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
There's One Wd-40 Trick Everyone Must Know
habittribe
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car in The World
Stars Are Made
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
Add This to Your Toothpaste to Help Regrow Gums in a Few Days
WellnessGaze Dental
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Hairloss After 40 Linked to 1 Common Thing (Stop Doing This)
WG Hair Restore
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
North Charleston: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You (Take a Peek!)
Tardive
The Fungus Will Disappear in 3 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Xitox
8 Top Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Want to Help Protect Your Savings? Read This Now
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Uncovering the Shocking Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency!
Immunodeficiency Treatment
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment You May Not Believe Exist
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
When Neuropathy Hits, Try This (It's Genius!)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
Squamous Cell Carcinoma is Silent but Deadly - Know the Symptoms!
Squamous Cell Carcinoma
Never Brush Your Teeth This Way (Do This Instead)
Provadent
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Experts Stunned: Easy Solution for Years of Joint Pain and Arthritis
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Suffering From Vertigo? Experts Swear by This One-minute Fix
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Neuropathy? When The Nerve Pain Won't Stop, Do This
WellnessGaze Neuro
Doctor: if You Have Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Three Banks Introduce 12 Per Cent Interest Rates on Savings Accounts
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Most Popular
TRENDING NOW
Supreme Court action on TikTok could shape congressional power
LA area’s 2 biggest blazes burn at least 10,000 structures, while new fire leads to more evacuations
Inside the Patriots’ 2024 season, Jerod Mayo’s firing and a franchise’s continued fall
Boston-area ex-priest who pushed for Cardinal Law’s resignation is accused of sexual assault
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
Trump to be sentenced in hush money case, days before return to White House
Belsito: Hazard warning for Everett’s lithium battery park
Massachusetts Macy’s store shutting down amid nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
Fani Willis seeks to overturn her disqualification from Trump Georgia election case
Some notable quotes from Jimmy Carter’s funeral
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN BOSTON RED SOX
Where the Red Sox stand with their 4 eligible players on MLB arbitration deadline day
SUBSCRIBER EXCLUSIVE
Red Sox invite seven prospects to annual Rookie Development Program
Liam Hendriks on his Red Sox reunion with Garrett Crochet, Fenway Fest, and earning the closer role
Starr’s 7 Questions: Are the Red Sox prioritizing Vladimir Guerrero Jr. over Alex Bregman?
2024
September
25
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS
e-Edition
Send a News Tip
CONTACT US
Boston Herald Store/Back Copies
Work With Us
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Contests
Special Sections
Fun & Games
Jobs
BUSINESS DIRECTORY
Network Advertising
Adtaxi Solutions
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Informatio
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bostonherald.com/2024/09/25/red-sox-eliminate-american-league-wild-card-race-mlb-postseason-blue-jays-richard-fitts-alex-cora-offseason/ 
 ----- 
