ERR kasutab oma veebilehtedel http küpsiseid. Kasutamist jätkates nõustute kõikide ERR-i veebilehtede küpsiste seadetega
SAIN ARU
LOEN VEEL
X
news
Video: Estonia record 3-1 win over Azerbaijan in UEFA Nations League
NEWS
ERR
12.10.2024 05:34
2
Estonia versus Azerbaijan in the UEFA Nations League. Source: Priit Mürk/ERR

The Estonian men's national football team recorded a 3-1 win at home to Azerbaijan on Friday evening in the UEFA Nations League thanks to goals from Ioan Yakovlev, Vlasi Sinjavski and Rocco Robert Shein.

Azerbaijan put Estonia under pressure in the first half hour at the A Le Coq Arena on Friday night under the hosts' goal in the first half hour. Estonian number one Karl Jakob Hein, who is currently on loan at La Liga side Real Valladolid, was called into action twice early on to deny the visitors.

However, it was Estonia who took the lead on 32 minutes. After Henri Anier (Lee Man) cleared from an Azerbaijan corner, FCI Levadia winger Ioan Yakovlev burst through the middle and beat both the last defender and hapless goalkeeper to slot the ball into an empty net.

Azerbaijan drew level in first half injury time when Qarabağ FK winger Toral Bayramov converted a spot kick after Joonas Tamm (Botev Plovdiv) had brought down Elvin Cafarguliyev (Qarabağ FK) in the penalty area.

Open gallery
75 photos
Estonia versus Azerbaijan in the UEFA Nations League. Author Priit Mürk/ERR

But the visitors were not level for long. Within seconds of the restart, Estonia were back in front.

In a move that began straight from the kick-off, Yakovlev's cross in from the right was nodded on by Rocco Robert Shein (Dordrecht) into the path of Vlasi Sinjavski (Slovácko), who was in the right place at the right time to sweep it into the net and make it 2-1 before half-time.

Estonia began the second half on the front foot, but then fell back as Azerbaijan again created some dangerous chances. However, superb solo strike from 21-year-old Rocco Robert Shein on 71 minutes sealed the win and three valuable points.

For all three scorers, the goals against Azerbaijan were their first for the Estonian national team.

Jürgen Henn. Source: ETV

The victory was Estonia's third in five games under new head coach Jürgen Henn and the first in the 2024/25 Nations League campaign.

"I'm certainly happy with the result," Henn told ERR after the game. "The emotion that both the players and the crowd showed is something that we've been craving. That's the kind of emotion that people come here for and it's a good feeling."

"If in the first half it took a bit of time to adapt, then with the changes we made at the break, we got the whole team working well. The players understood their roles pretty well," said Henn.

On Monday, Estonia are in action again, when they face Sweden at the A Le Coq Arena. The last time the two sides met, Henn's team lost 0-3 in Stockholm in September.

For the Sweden game, Estonia will be without and Rocco Robert Shein, who scored the third goal against Azerbaijan, for that game, due to suspension, while defender Maksim Paskotši (Grasshoppers) is also a doubt after being forced off with an injury in the 29th minute.

"We'll have to see what the situation is with Maksim. Rocco is unfortunately out, but the rules are like that and maybe it's a good opportunity for the others to prove themselves," Henn said.

That game can be seen live on Monday evening on ETV2 here. Coverage begins at 9.30 p.m. Estonian time and kick off is at 10 p.m.

Estonia 3-1 Azerbaijan in the UEFA Nations League.
Jaga

--

Follow ERR News on Facebook and Twitter and never miss an update!

Editor: ERR Sport, Michael Cole

football
jürgen henn
uefa nations league
estonain men's national football team
Message ERR News
RELATED
Estonian number one Karl Jakob Hein's Real Valladolid draw with Athletic
Estonia to wrap up Nations League campaign with two away games in November
Fencer Katrina Lehis defeats fellow Estonian Irina Embrich in Croatia
Cyclist Martin Laas loses leader's jersey on Taihu Lake final day
Estonia versus Sweden in UEFA Nations League live on ETV Monday night
Estonia's UEFA Nations League clash with Azerbaijan live on ERR Friday evening
Estonia's U-21s beat Israel 1:0
Estonian national football team lineups announced for Azerbaijan, Sweden games
NEWS IN SIMPLE ESTONIAN
Lihtsad uudised 13. detsembril
LISTEN: CHRISTMAS 24/7
Radio 2 launches temporary 24/7 Christmas music station
LISTEN: RADIO TALLINN
WATCH: JUPITER
ABOUT US

ERR News is the English-language service of Estonian Public Broadcasting, run by a fully independent editorial team.

To read up on ERR News' comments rules and to contact ERR's other services, please follow the link below.

Staff, contacts & comments

LATEST NEWS
08:29
Watch live at 9.15: Heads of government, state arrive at JEF summit in Tallinn
07:56
Estonian art academy severs cooperation with Israeli partner college
16.12
12 countries agree to 'crack down' on Russia's 'shadow fleet'
16.12
Experts say tax rises will hamper competitiveness of Estonian tourism sector
16.12
Voting now open for final stage of Raadio 2's Estonian Hit of the Year
16.12
Ukrainian medical professionals pilot Estonian digital drug interaction platform
16.12
Ministry of Defense increases support for companies aiming to join NATO DIANA
16.12
Valge: People in ERK were looking for someone to blame
16.12
Estonian Ministry of Foreign Affairs summons Georgian ambassador
16.12
Jefimova's coach: I could tell Eneli had medal-winning potential immediately
HOW MUCH WILL YOU PAY?
Official car tax calculator: See how much you'll have to pay
MOST READ ARTICLES
09.12
Top leaders to attend JEF security summit in Tallinn next week
16.12
What is the Joint Expeditionary Force and what will the 2024 leaders' summit focus on?
16.12
Are foreign investments in Estonia experiencing an ice age?
13.12
Parking restrictions, no-fly zone in force across Tallinn
16.12
Georgian government denounces sanctions, says Estonia, Lithuania short on sovereignty
16.12
Estonian Ministry of Foreign Affairs summons Georgian ambassador
16.12
Estonia, Lithuania sanction Georgian prime minister over violence against protesters Updated 16.12
16.12
12 countries agree to 'crack down' on Russia's 'shadow fleet'
USEFUL INFORMATION
Commenting on ERR News articles
ERR News materials terms of use
ERR
Üldinfo
Avalik teave
Kontaktid
Pressiteated
Eetikanõunik
Tule tööle/praktikale
Ajalugu
In English
По-русски
Arhiiv ja teenused
Arhiivide üldinfo
arhiiv.err.ee
Koopiad ja kasutamine
Muuseum
Kostüümilaenutus
Tehnilised teenused
Helistuudiod
Kultuuriteated
Uudisteportaalid
Uudised
Sport
Kultuur
Novaator
Meelelahutus
Ilm
rus.err.ee
news.err.ee
Programmid
ETV
ETV2
ETV+
Vikerraadio
Raadio 2
Klassikaraadio
Raadio 4
Raadio Tallinn
Jupiter
Varia
Vaegkuuljatele ja -nägijatele
Kasutustingimused
Isikuandmete töötlemisest
Jupiter+
Jupiter IO
Lasteekraan
Raadioteater
Eesti Rahvusringhääling | F. R. Kreutzwaldi 14, 15029 Tallinn, Eesti | E-post: err[ät]err.ee | Tel: 628 4100 | Toimetus
Teoste avaldamine sel lehel on kooskõlastatud EAÜ/NCB-ga
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://news.err.ee/1609488817/video-estonia-record-3-1-win-over-azerbaijan-in-uefa-nations-league 
 ----- 
