Skip to content
WHYY
play
Listen Live • BBC World Service
WHYY
DONATE
Primary Menu
News
Radio & Podcasts
Radio Schedule
Ways to Listen
WHYY Listen App
TV
TV Schedule
Live TV
Watch on Demand
Stream PBS Kids
Arts
Events
Education
Your Learning Neighborhood
For Students
For Educators
Pathways to Media Careers
WHYY Media Labs
Youth Media Awards
Support
WHYY Membership
WHYY Passport
WHYY Member Portal
Sponsorship
Vehicle Donation Program
Volunteer
Search for:
NEWSLETTERS
DONATE
COMMUNITYPHILADELPHIASPORTS
Wheeler deals, Schwarber, Harper, Realmuto homer and Phillies beat D-backs 6-1 for 3-2 NLCS lead

Philadelphia moved one win from its second straight World Series appearance, regaining control after wasting late leads in consecutive one-run losses at Chase Field.

ByDavid BrandtOctober 21, 2023

Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Zack Wheeler throws against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the fourth inning in Game 5 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Phoenix, Saturday, Oct. 21, 2023. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

Zack Wheeler delivered another postseason gem with seven shutdown innings, Bryce Harper, Kyle Schwarber and J.T. Realmulto homered and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6-1 on Saturday night to take a 3-2 NL Championship Series lead.

Philadelphia moved one win from its second straight World Series appearance, regaining control after wasting late leads in consecutive one-run losses at Chase Field.

Bryson Stott hit an RBI single and Harper slid home in a collision with catcher Gabriel Moreno as part of a double steal that built a 2-0 lead in the first off Zac Gallen.

Schwarber’s homer was his fifth in the NLCS and 20th of his postseason career as the Philadelphia lineup roughed up Gallen for a second time this series. Schwarber’s sixth-inning drive traveled 461 feet over the swimming pool beyond the right-center fence. Two batters later, Harper hit a 444-foot homer into the right-field seats.

WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor

Realmuto added a two-run homer in the eighth against Luis Frías for 6-1 lead.

The series resumes Monday in Philadelphia, where the Phillies are 6-0 this postseason with 17 homers.

Wheeler, a 33-year-old right-hander, gave up one run and five hits with a walk while striking out eight. He is 3-0 with a 2.08 ERA in four postseason starts this year, striking out 34 and walking two in 26 innings.

Never miss a moment with the WHYY Listen App!

Play, pause, and rewind the live radio stream, access on-demand audio features, and dive into podcasts from both local and national sources.

 
Share this
Facebook
Twitter
Email

WHYY is your source for fact-based, in-depth journalism and information. As a nonprofit organization, we rely on financial support from readers like you. Please give today.

You may also like
COMMUNITY

Thomas’ tying homer, Moreno’s decisive hit send D-backs over Phillies 6-5, ties NLCS at 2 games

For Game 5, Philadelphia RHP Zach Wheeler (2-0, 2.37 ERA postseason) starts Saturday night against RHP Zac Gallen (2-1, 4.96 ERA).

1 year ago

COMMUNITY

Marte hits walk-off single in ninth, D-backs beat Phillies 2-1 and close to 2-1 in NLCS

The Arizona Diamondbacks rallied to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2-1 on Thursday and close to 2-1 in the NL Championship Series.

1 year ago

COMMUNITY

Schwarber homers twice, Turner goes deep, Phillies power past Arizona 10-0 in Game 2 of NLCS

Philadelphia improved to 7-1 in the playoffs, moving closer to a second straight World Series appearance.

1 year ago

WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor
 
WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor
Latest News
Man facing charges after girlfriend’s body found in refrigerator in South Jersey forest: Police

10 hours ago

California native turned Philadelphian ‘devastated’ watching his old home burn from afar

12 hours ago

Prosecutors seek 15 years in prison for former New Jersey Sen. Bob Menendez after bribery conviction

12 hours ago

Want a digest of WHYY’s programs, events & stories? Sign up for our weekly newsletter.

Enter your email here
49%
 

Together we can reach 100% of WHYY’s fiscal year goal

Donate
 
Learn about WHYY Member benefits
Ways to Donate
WHYY

WHYY provides trustworthy, fact-based, local news and information and world-class entertainment to everyone in our community.

WHYY offers a voice to those not heard, a platform to share everyone’s stories, a foundation to empower early and lifelong learners and a trusted space for unbiased news. Learn more about Social Responsibility at WHYY. It’s how we live.

Contact Us
Philadelphia

215.351.1200
talkback@whyy.org

 Delaware

302.516.7506
talkback@whyy.org

Our Programs
Albie’s Elevator
Art Outside
Billy Penn
Check, Please! Philly
The Connection
Delishtory
Flicks
Fresh Air
Good Souls
The Infinite Art Hunt
Movers & Makers
On Stage at Curtis
Peak Travel
Philadelphia Revealed
PlanPhilly
The Pulse
Schooled
The Statue
Stop and Frisk: Revisit or Resist
Studio 2
Things To Do
Voices in the Family
WHYY News Climate Desk
You Oughta Know
Young Creators Studio
Young, Unhoused and Unseen
Your Democracy
 
Inside WHYY
About
Meet Our Newsroom
Employment
Lifelong Learning Award
N.I.C.E. Initiative
Contact Us
Sponsorship
Directions
FCC Public Files
FCC Applications
 
Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
YouTube
Sign up for a Newsletter

© MMXXV WHYY

 
Privacy Policy Terms of Use for WHYY.org

WHYY is partnered with

  
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://whyy.org/articles/phillies-diamondbacks-mlb-nlcs-game-5/ 
 ----- 
