Toggle navigation
Subscriptions
Log In
TOPICS:
Flood Alert
Connecting Communities
StarExtra
True or Not
SOBA 2024
Sabah & Sarawak
Do You Know
Heatwave
Jordan coach wary despite past wins over Malaysia
FOOTBALL

Monday, 15 Jan 2024

Inside knowledge: Jordan winger Mahmoud Al-Mardi knows Malaysia’s style quite well as he played for Kedah in the Super League.

PETALING JAYA: Jordan are the favourites but coach Hussein Ammouta does not want to take their status for granted.

Ammouta wants his team to put their good record against Malaysia on the back burner as they focus on their Group E clash in the Asian Cup at the Al Janoub Stadium today at 8.30pm in Doha (1.30am Malaysian time).

Jordan have won three and drew twice in the last five meetings with Malaysia.

In their last encounter three years ago, they thrashed Malaysia 4-0 in an international friendly in September 2021 and before that, they beat the team 1-0 in 2019.

Aware that their opponents have improved over the years, Ammouta said they had come prepared.

“While history holds importance, our focus now is on the present. Teams are continually improving, including the Malaysian team,” said the Moroccan.

“We respect all our opponents and acknowledge the evolution of each team. Our performance on the pitch will not rely on past encounters.

STARPICKS
A strategic year-end investment for a strong financial 2025

“Despite two past victories against Malaysia, we anticipate a tough game, and we are fully prepared for the challenge.”

This will be the first-ever clash between Malaysia and Jordan at the Asian Cup. The only time the two sides have met was during the 1988 Asian Cup qualifiers, which ended in a goalless draw.

Jordan played two friendly matches, beating Qatar 2-1 and losing to Japan 1-6.

Ammouta said the preparation for the tournament has been good and eagerly await the first game after playing two friendlies, where they beat hosts 2-1 but lost 1-6 to Japan.

“We are well-prepared to face Malaysia. We’ve had a productive training camp and engaging friendly matches. We are eager to put a smile on the faces of our Jordanian fans,” he said.

“The expectations from our passionate Jordanian supporters are high and rightfully so. We value their support and strive to meet their expectations.

“The training camp has been filled with positivity and high morale. The lessons learned from the last two friendlies have been instrumental in addressing our mistakes.

“Challenging matches help us identify weaknesses, and we aim to showcase unity on the pitch in the first game against Malaysia.

Ammouta would surely rely on some key players with one of them being a wing wizard.

Mousa Al-Tamari had attempted 7.7 dribbles per game in the AFC Asian Cup 2019, the highest such aggregate for any player to have featured in more than one game in that edition of the tournament.

Then they have the likes of Ali Olwan, who is a menace on the flanks and Yazan Al-Naimat, who will be the target man for Jordan.

The nation also have several players in the Malaysian League like midfielder Noor Al-Rawabdeh who plies his trade for Selangor and defensive midfielder Fadi Awad who plays for Police.

Yazan Al-Arab used to lead the backline for Selangor, while winger Mahmoud Al-Mardi made his name in Kedah despite a short six-month stint with them.

With such an array of talent, Jordan pose a strong challenge for Malaysia.

Follow us on our official WhatsApp channel for breaking news alerts and key updates!

TAGS / KEYWORDS:
Football , Asian Cup , Jordan , Hussein Ammouta

   
How useful is this article to you?

100% of our readers find this article useful

Found a mistake in this article?

Report it to us.

Related News
FOOTBALL 18h ago
Partnership with PUMA an important achievement for Malaysian football, say FAM
FOOTBALL 1d ago
Friend to head new body to run national football team
FOOTBALL 31 Dec 2024
Canadian Robert is new national football team CEO
Promoted Stories
Recommended by
Trending in Sport

1

BADMINTON1d ago
Pearly and Thinaah fancy chances of breaking early- round jinx

2

BADMINTON1d ago
Scratch the 60-year itch

3

BADMINTON1d ago
Back in his element

4

BADMINTON01 Jan 2025
Zii Jia, Jun Hao drawn to play Chinese shuttlers in early rounds

5

BADMINTON01 Jan 2025
No time for emotions as Bin Shen focuses on task at hand

6

CRICKET23h ago
Cricket-South Africa seeking ruthless edge against Pakistan in second test

7

FOOTBALL1h ago
Soccer-Xuan Son double gives Vietnam upper hand in Asean Championship final

8

BADMINTON1d ago
BAM to finalise Bin Shen’s replacement in two weeks

9

OTHER SPORTS1h ago
Ski jumping-Polish ski jumper Stekala comes out as gay

10

BADMINTON1d ago
Boost for Tang Jie-Ee Wei ahead of Malaysian Open
Others Also Read
TECHNOLOGY1h ago
Former crypto executive Do Kwon due in US court on criminal fraud charges
TECHNOLOGY1h ago
IBM, GlobalFoundries settle lawsuits over contract, trade secrets
TECHNOLOGY2h ago
Apple to pay $95 million to settle Siri privacy lawsuit
STARPLUS30 Dec 2024
INTERACTIVE: Malaysia 2025 long weekend guide
THAILAND3h ago
Swedish-Korean man charged after high-speed chase in stolen vehicle
STARPICKS
Together We Roar: Honouring connections with fellow ‘Tigers’
ASEANPLUS NEWS4h ago
River cruise firm gets six-month ban for fireworks despite Seoul request to...
ENTERTAINMENT4h ago
Local composer Lenny Ooi slams Singaporean singer Wang Lei for mocking...
THAILAND4h ago
Senior Thai police officer under scrutiny over training of Chinese volunteers
NATION4h ago
Puspakom submits Ayer Keroh crash report to Miros but says it is 'incomplete'
NATION5h ago
Man who trespassed into mosque was diagnosed with mental illness in 2022
ASEANPLUS NEWS5h ago
20 months’ pay in year-end bonus for staff at Taiwan shipping giant Evergreen
Load More
StarPicks
 
Together We Roar: Honouring connections with fellow ‘Tigers’

Tiger Beer roars into the new year, inspiring consumers to celebrate its supporters through exciting promotions and activations

Read More
Subscriptions
The Star Digital Access
Newsstand
Advertising
Our Rate Card
Classifieds
Company Info
About Us
Job Opportunities
Investor Relations
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Policies
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
    

Copyright © 1995- 2025 Star Media Group Berhad [197101000523 (10894-D)]

Best viewed on Chrome browsers.

Home
For You
Bookmark
Audio
Search
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com.my/sport/football/2024/01/15/jordan-coach-wary-despite-past-wins-over-malaysia 
 ----- 
