HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFC ASIAN CUP

AFC Asian Cup 2023: Malaysia vs Jordan: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 13, 2024 at 9:29 AM
Modified at :
January 13, 2024 at 9:29 AM

Yash Pratap Singh

0
0
This AFC Asian Cup tie between Malaysia and Jordan is expected to be an evenly poised fixture.

The 2023 AFC Asian Cup is up and running. Group E’s second match will see Malaysia take on Jordan in an entertaining clash at the Al Janoub Stadium on Monday evening. After three failed attempts Malaysia have finally made it to continental championship.

Jordan on the other hand, will be keen to put together a better performance than 2019 where they finished last in their group. The Chivalrous ones come into this game after pulling off a 2-1 win against the defending champions Qatar in a friendly. 

Kick-off

January 15, 2024, 23:00 IST

January 16, 2024, 01:30 GMT+8

January 15, 2024, 21:30 GMT+3

Form

Malaysia (in all competitions) D-W-W-L-W

Jordan (in all competitions) L-W-L-L-D

Players to watch
Safawi Rasid (Malaysia)
Rasid is a deadly forward who can run riot in opposition defences.

The striker is Malaysia’s highest active goal-scorer with 20 goals to his name in 58 appearances. He is known for his ability to shoot from distance and to perfectly curl the ball. Safawi has played an instrumental role in bringing Malaysia back to the AFC Asian Cup with his good run of performances in the qualifiers.

Hamza Al-Dardour (Jordan)
Jordan will be reliant on Al-Dardour for goals. (Courtesy: AFC)

A clean striker of the ball, Hamza Al-Dardour will be Jordan’s main man up front at Asia’s top ranked football championship. The 5.10 ft tall striker is known for his aerial strength and goal-scoring abilities. Hamza always has an eye for goal and has scored 34 goals for Jordan in the process. Moreover, he is Jordan’s seventh-highest capped player with 104 caps to his name.

Match facts
Malaysia have never managed to defeat Jordan
Malaysia will feature at the AFC Asian Cup for the first time since 2007
Jordan are ranked 87th in the FIFA rankings while Malaysia are ranked 130th
Injury and Team News

Both teams are expected to have a fully fit squad available for selection for their opening game.

Head-to-head

Total matches played – 5

Malaysia wins – 0

Jordan wins – 3

Draws – 2

Predicted Line-up
Malaysia (3-4-3)

Hazmi, Cools, Eldstal, Davies, Hanapi, Fazail, Wilkin, Corbin-Ong, Akhyar, Josue, Abdul Halim

Jordan (3-4-3)

Laila, Al-Ajalin, Al-Arab, Musallam Nasib, Haddad, Al Rashdan, Al-Rawabdeh, Al Mardhi, Olwan, Al-Naimat, Al-Taamari

Prediction for Malaysia vs Jordan

Jordan have a better FIFA ranking than Malaysia. However, their recent form coming into this tournament doesn’t justify their lead. Malaysia on the other hand, come into this game with three wins in their last five matches. Expect both the teams to play out a draw.

Prediction: Malaysia 2-2 Jordan

Telecast for Malaysia vs Jordan

India – Sports 18, Jio Cinema

Malaysia – Astro Go, RTM

Qatar, Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria, Yemen, Oman – BeinSports, Alkass

Korea Republic – TVN Sports, Coupang Play

United Kingdom, Ireland, France, Belgium, Netherlands – Triller TV

Australia – Network 10

For worldwide broadcast information, click here.

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Whatsapp & Telegram.

Latest News
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Top 10 goalkeepers with most clean sheets in 2024
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-indian-football-afc-asian-cup-malaysia-vs-jordan-preview 
 ----- 
