LA Dodgers say Mookie Betts is 'in a tube somewhere' in concerning injury update
The Los Angeles Dodgers have yet to officially place star outfielder Mookie Betts on the Injured List, but he will likely miss the entire series against the Washington Nationals this weekend
Mookie Betts fouled a pitch off his foot and must now undergo an assortment of scans to assess the injury. (Image: Getty Images)
NEWS
SPORTS
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
NFL
ByDan BernsteinSenior Sports Reporter
18:18 ET, SEP 8 2023
|
BOOKMARK

Los Angeles Dodgers manager Dave Roberts has clarified the condition of injured MVP candidate Mookie Betts - and the outlook sounds concerning after the outfielder fouled a pitch off his left foot Thursday night and left the stadium on crutches.

Roberts told reporters that Betts is "in a tube somewhere" in Washington, D.C., for a CT scan. The skipper added that the 30-year-old will receive a full assortment of evaluations, including an X-ray and MRI.

"Just to kind of make sure that we have all the information," Roberts said. "[He felt] better today, but I just don't see him in [the lineup] tomorrow. And [probably] not on Sunday."

Betts has been the catalyst for Los Angeles' scintillating second half. The club trailed the Arizona Diamondbacks by several games in the NL West earlier this year before accelerating 12.5 games clear of its rivals entering Friday night's game against the Washington Nationals.

Inside MLB's master plan for entering industry that could reach $77bn value
New York Yankees fans unveil vile Donald Trump flag at Yankee Stadium

Betts is batting .314 with 38 home runs and 99 RBIs in 133 games - his best all-around statistical year since he won MVP with the Boston Red Sox in 2018. He has hammered opposing pitchers from the leadoff spot throughout this season, but particularly in recent months; he's posted an absurd 1.122 on-base plus slugging from the top of the order in the second half.

The seven-time All-Star is far from the only ailing member of the World Series-hopeful Dodgers. On Friday, Roberts also announced that right-hander Walker Buehler would be shut down for the rest of the season. The organization had hoped Buehler could return from Tommy John surgery before the playoffs but determined it wasn't worth rushing his recovery. Roberts said he hopes Buehler can fully participate in 2024 Spring Training.

"I think that for us [it was best] to try to kick the can and see what's next and wait for the next progression," Roberts said. "The smart thing to do was just to kind of say, 'That's enough for the rehab games. No more rehab games.' And then now our focus is to build him for 2024."

Mookie Betts is just one of many Dodgers injury concerns this month. ( Image: Pasadena Star-News via Getty Images)
SIMILAR ARTICLES TO THIS
POWERED BY 
Shohei Ohtani and Aaron Judge make same huge announcement days apart
Pete Alonso tipped to sign $130m contract as free agency options disappear
Amazon targets two new sports in battle with Netflix for live TV rights
New York Mets 'in talks' with another Yankees star after signing Juan Soto
Shohei Ohtani and Aaron Judge make same huge announcement days apart
Pete Alonso tipped to sign $130m contract as free agency options disappear
Amazon targets two new sports in battle with Netflix for live TV rights
New York Mets 'in talks' with another Yankees star after signing Juan Soto

Wrote Buehler in a statement: "My goal since last year has been to return to a major league mound this season. After many conversations with my doctor, the Dodgers' front office, training staff and my family, we concluded that waiting until next season is the right course of action. I am disappointed that I will not be able to help this team go after a title in the 2023 postseason, but I look forward to returning fully healthy in 2024 and bringing another World Series to L.A."

Los Angeles also waits for relief pitchers Joe Kelly and Blake Treinen to return from injuries. Starters Dustin May and Tony Gonsolin will miss the rest of the season, while infielder Gavin Lux is uncertain in his recovery from his ACL problem. And ace Julio Urias was placed on administrative leave after his arrest last week on suspicion of felony domestic violence.

Betts, though, is now the chief concern for a team that must get through the dominant Atlanta Braves to reach the World Series. On Friday, Chris Taylor will occupy the leadoff spot.

READ NEXT:
Jim Harbaugh has meltdown after Chargers kicker inadvertently creates NFL Playoff history
Quinn Ewers shows true colors after $6M transfer 'offer' as Carson Beck deal details emerge
Collin Morikawa set for 'ridiculous' fine after incident at The Sentry
Walmart offering Sony WH-1000XM5 noise canceling headphones for $65 off
Rory McIlroy lined up to follow Bryson DeChambeau with lucrative $5M deal
FollowThe Mirror US
Facebook
X (Twitter)
MORE ON
LOS ANGELES DODGERS
MOOKIE BETTS
MLB
Up Next
Jim Harbaugh has meltdown after Chargers kicker inadvertently creates NFL Playoff history
HomeSportBaseballMLB
TOP STORIES
POINT PANIC: Jim Harbaugh has meltdown after Chargers kicker inadvertently creates NFL Playoff history in shocking loss to Texans
JIM HARBAUGH
Lamar Jackson shows true colors by shushing Ravens fans chanting during Steelers win
LAMAR JACKSON
Louisiana mom used cutlery to discipline son, 4, and forced him to wear plastic trash bag as clothes
US NEWS
Palisades blaze turns into 'fire tornado' in LA as flames expand east amid new evacuation orders
FIRE
Jennifer Lopez 'in regular contact' with ex Ben Affleck and his kids during LA wildfires
JENNIFER LOPEZ
'Wandering the fire-ruined Palisades evacuation zone will haunt me forever'
WILDFIRES
SKY STALL: Drone halts Steelers-Ravens NFL Playoff game as Al Michaels left confused
BALTIMORE RAVENS
Texans-Chargers CBS viewers agree on national anthem performance moments before kickoff
NFL
Washington man beat drug dealer with 34-pound air compressor and chair hours after jail release
CRIME
Fingers pointed at Greg Roman for Justin Herbert experiencing same Lamar Jackson problems
JUSTIN HERBERT
Twisted stalker's murder and rape threats heard in harrowing voice messages before he stabbed teen
CRIME
Ian Eagle's brutal 11-word assessment of Chargers sums them up in Texans loss
LOS ANGELES CHARGERS
POPULAR TOPICS
US News
UK News
Canada news
World News
Politics
Royals
Weird news
Science
Celebrity News
TV
Movies
Money
Travel
Sport
Lifestyle
Tech
SUBSCRIBE
Newsletter preference centre
SUPPORT
How to Complain
Notifications and Alerts help
mynewsassistant
Corrections and Clarifications
COMPANY
About Us
Work For Us
Contact Us
Mirror UK
Irish Mirror
Syndication & Licencing
©2025 a Reach plc subsidiary
Do not sell or share my dataPrivacy NoticeAI NoticeCookie NoticeTerms and ConditionsCommunity Standards
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.themirror.com/sport/baseball/mookie-betts-injury-la-dodgers-90531 
 ----- 
