NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Dodgers RHP Walker Buehler won't return from Tommy John surgery in 2023
Associated Press
September 08, 2023 - 3:48pm
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Walker Buehler throws during the third inning of a baseball game against the Washington Nationals, Tuesday, May 24, 2022, in Washington. (Nick Wass/AP)
1 comments

WASHINGTON (AP) -- Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Walker Buehler will not return to the majors this season as he continues his recovery from Tommy John surgery.

Buehler, who had previously undergone elbow ligament replacement surgery in 2015, had aimed to return to the NL West-leading Dodgers this month.

``My goal since last year has been to return to a major league mound this season,'' Buehler said Friday in a statement released by the team. ``After many conversations with my doctor, the Dodgers' front office, training staff and my family, we concluded that waiting until next season is the right course of action.''

The 29-year-old Buehler, a two-time All-Star who is 46-16 with 3.02 ERA in 115 career appearances, has not pitched in the majors since June 10, 2022.

The right-hander tossed two scoreless innings in a rehabilitation appearance Sunday for Triple-A Oklahoma City. It was his first outing since his Aug. 23, 2022, surgery.

``I am disappointed that I will not be able to help this team go after a title in the 2023 postseason, but I look forward to returning fully healthy in 2024 and bringing another World Series to LA,'' Buehler said.

MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/dodgers-rhp-walker-buehler-wont-return-from-tommy-john-surgery-in-2023/ 
 ----- 
