Press Herald
Central Maine
Sun Journal
Times Record
Weekly Newspapers
Offcanvas Menu Open
Press Herald
Subscribe
-
$2.50/week
REGISTERJoin Craig Grossi, author and Marine Corps veteran, in conversation with Maine Voices Live
Maine weather, local news & community coverage. Subscribe to find out what's in store for 2025.
Sports
MLB roundup: Dodgers star Mookie Betts out with foot injury

Betts, who fouled a ball off his left foot Thursday, will likely miss Los Angeles' weekend series against Washington.

Posted September 8, 2023
Updated September 8, 2023
Associated Press
4 min read
Gift article
Share
Print

Dodgers star Mookie Betts, who leads the NL in on-base percentage and slugging percentage, will likely not play this weekend because of a foot injury. Wilfredo Lee/Associated Press

WASHINGTON — Mookie Betts is unlikely to play in the Los Angeles Dodgers’ weekend series against the Washington Nationals after fouling a ball off his left foot.

Manager Dave Roberts said the seven-time All-Star outfielder was off crutches and undergoing a CT scan Friday, a day after Betts was injured in Miami. The 2018 AL MVP had X-rays on Thursday.

“Just considering he felt much better today than last night is a positive,” Roberts said. “I think right now we’re just hoping that everything comes back negative.”

The NL West-leading Dodgers also said pitcher Walker Buehler will not return to the major leagues this year following Tommy John surgery. Los Angeles activated designated hitter J.D. Martinez from the 10-day injured list after he recovered from groin tightness.

0:07
/
0:24
Dave Dyer's annual concessions column is upDave Dyer's annual concessions column is up
Explore More

Betts leads the NL in on-base percentage (.411) and slugging percentage (.609), and ranks third in RBI (99), fourth in home runs (career-high 38) and fifth in batting average (.314). He hit .455 with 11 homers and 30 RBI in August.

“I just don’t see him in there tomorrow and most likely not in there Sunday,” Roberts said. “We’ll see if we can get him back Monday.”

Advertisement

Buehler had Tommy John surgery on Aug. 5, 2015, and again on Aug. 23 last year. A two-time All-Star who is 46-16 with 3.02 ERA in 115 big league appearances, has not pitched in the majors since June 10, 2022. The 29-year-old right-hander pitched two scoreless innings in a rehabilitation appearance Sunday for Triple-A Oklahoma City, his first outing since surgery.

TWINS: Minnesota placed outfielder/first baseman Joey Gallo on the 10-day injured list with a left foot contusion.

The Gallo move was retroactive to Sept. 6, and the Twins activated first baseman/outfielder Alex Kirilloff (right shoulder strain) from the IL after his rehab assignment.

Kirilloff, who last played with the Twins on July 29, was 12 for 27 with two home runs and six RBI in a six-game rehab assignment with Triple-A Rochester. He was in Minnesota’s lineup Friday for the series opener against the New York Mets, batting sixth and playing first base.

ROCKIES: Right-hander Germán Márquez agreed to a $20 million, two-year contract with Colorado for 2024-25, a deal that allows him to remain with the team as he recovers from Tommy John surgery.

The 28-year-old Márquez is in the final season of a $43 million, five-year contract that included a $16 million team option for 2024 with a $2.5 million buyout. He was 2-2 with a 4.95 ERA in four starts this season before surgery on May 12 with Rockies medical director Dr. Thomas Noonan.

Advertisement

FRIDAY’S GAMES

BRAVES 8, PIRATES 2: Ronald Acuña Jr. homered for the seventh time in 11 games, Eddie Rosario went deep and drove in three runs and major league-leading Atlanta won at home

Atlanta took a 4-0 lead in the third on soft hits – Rosario’s RBI single, Travis d’Arnaud’s two-run single and Orlando Arcia’s RBI single. Arcia had the hardest-hit single at 83.1 mph. D’Arnaud’s dropped in front of left fielder Jack Suwinski at 71 mph.

Acuña put that trend to rest in the fourth, driving his 35th homer 455 feet to center with an exit velocity of 110.6 mph to make it 5-0. Rosario followed four batters later with his 21st long ball, a two-run shot to right for a 7-0 lead.

DIAMONDBACKS 1, CUBS 0: Zac Gallen pitched a three-hitter for his second career complete game, helping Arizona win in Chicago for its third straight win.

Rookie Corbin Carroll accounted for the game’s only run with a two-out RBI single in the eighth inning against Mark Leiter Jr. Seiya Suzuki nearly made a terrific catch in right field, but the ball hit the grass in front of his glove and the out call by first base umpire Stu Scheurwater was overturned in a video review.

Advertisement

Gallen (15-7) struck out nine and walked one after he dropped his previous two outings. Making his 111th career start, he got a celebratory dousing from Carroll and other teammates as he left the field.

RAYS 7, MARINERS 4: René Pinto and Harold Ramírez hit two-run homers in the seventh inning, and Tampa Bay rallied to beat Seattle in St. Petersburg, Florida.

Isaac Paredes added a solo homer in the eighth inning, his 29th of the season, for the Rays, who hold a 6 1/2-game lead over Seattle in the race for the top AL wild card.

MARLINS 3, PHILLIES 2: Jacob Stallings hit a two-run home run, Jesús Sánchez also went deep and Miami beat won in Philadelphia to open a three-game series.

Bryan De La Cruz added a pair of hits for Miami, a half-game behind Arizona for the third and final wild-card spot in the National League. The Marlins have won seven of eight.

BLUE JAYS 5, ROYALS 4: Vladimir Guerrero Jr. hit a tiebreaking double in the seventh inning, Bo Bichette had two hits and two RBI in his return from injury and Toronto held on to win at home.

Guerrero’s two-run double off right-hander Carlos Hernández (1-10) helped the Blue Jays (78-63) hold onto the final AL wild-card berth with their fourth win in five games.

Bichette went 2 for 5 and scored once after being activated off the 10-day injured list before the game. The two-time AL hits leader returned after missing nine games because of a strained right quadriceps.

 Copy the Story Link

Comments are no longer available on this story

Send questions/comments to the editors.

« PREVIOUS

NEXT »

RELATED STORIES
VARSITY MAINE
Cheverus girls get back on track with decisive win at TA
VARSITY MAINE
Falmouth boys save best for last, hand Noble first loss
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS
Patriots have 21 players hitting free agency during 2025 offseason
BOSTON BRUINS
Struggling Bruins look slow, flat and nobody can pinpoint why
BOSTON RED SOX
Walker Buehler guaranteed $21.05 million from Red Sox
LATEST ARTICLES
OPINION
Opinion: School choice in Maine is key to empowering families
OPINION
Opinion: A practical approach to a new Canadian state
OPINION
Jim Fossel: Legislators’ pay raise sends the wrong message
OPINION
Opinion: By supporting Maine families we keep Maine children safe
LETTERS
Letter: Pope Francis goes his own way on abortion
BROWSE MORE IN SPORTS
HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS
COLLEGE SPORTS
OUTDOORS
MAINE MARINERS
PORTLAND SEA DOGS
MAINE CELTICS
BOSTON BRUINS
BOSTON CELTICS
BOSTON RED SOX
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS
CONTACT US
About Us
Staff Directory
Send a Story Tip
Letters to the editor
FAQs
SUBSCRIBERS
Subscribe
Subscriber Resources
Subscriber Benefits
Home Delivery Help
Manage Account
Pay my Bill
Access ePaper
Newsletters & Alerts
Mobile Apps
Press Herald Events
Photo Store
Gifts and Merchandise
CONNECT WITH US
Email Newsletters
Facebook
Linked In
Instagram
ADVERTISE
Contact Advertising
Media Kit
Help Wanted Ads
Place an Obituary
PRESS HERALD EVENTS
Like A Boss
Maine Voices Live
Business Series
Newsroom Live
Source Maine Sustainability Awards
NETWORK
Work Here
Centralmaine.com
Sunjournal.com
Timesrecord.com
The Forecasters
Mainely Media Weeklies
Varsity Maine
Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Commenting Terms Public Notices Photo Store Merch Store Archive Search
© 2025 | All Rights Reserved | Press Herald
Some areas of this page may shift around if you resize the browser window. Be sure to check heading and document order.
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pressherald.com/2023/09/08/mlb-roundup-dodgers-star-mookie-betts-out-with-foot-injury/ 
 ----- 
