Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Former top prospect Kjerstad activated by Orioles
Share
Former top prospect Kjerstad activated by Orioles
RHP Webb (elbow inflammation) also comes off injured list
September 15th, 2024

Dawn Klemish

@Sportsgal25
Share

Sep 8, 2024

 · 

0:26

Heston Kjerstad collects two hits in a rehab game

DETROIT -- With just 13 games remaining in the regular season, the Orioles got a big boost on Sunday with the return of Heston Kjerstad.

Baltimore’s former top prospect was back in at designated hitter for the O's in their 4-2 finale loss vs. the Tigers, and went 0-for-2 out of the cleanup spot.

“Having him be a force in the middle of that lineup is something we've always envisioned for him, so we're really excited to have him back today,” hitting coach Ryan Fuller said. “He looks great.”

The 25-year-old has been on the injured list since Aug. 7 (retroactive to Aug. 1) due to symptoms from a concussion he sustained when he was hit by a pitch by Yankees closer Clay Holmes on July 13. Kjerstad was hitting .261 (18-for-69) with 12 RBIs and three home runs at the time of his injury. The O’s are hoping his powerful lefty bat will help the offense gain momentum during a crucial time: Baltimore entered play Sunday just two games behind the American League East-leading Yankees and with a 5 1/2-game lead for the top AL Wild Card spot.

Kjerstad appeared in six rehab games between High-A Aberdeen and Double-A Bowie, batting .333 (6-for-18) with a double, three RBIs, a run scored and three walks. He was removed from his final rehab game after five innings on Saturday night to make the trip to Detroit, and showed up to the visitors’ clubhouse full of energy, declaring “all I really wanna do is play baseball.”

“Once I was able to go out there on the field and take at-bats, and track the baseball and run down fly balls in the outfield and it felt completely normal like it did earlier in the season, that’s when I was like, ‘I’m good to roll,’" Kjerstad said.

And all Baltimore wants is his bat back in the lineup. Kjerstad has shown he can be explosive in just 41 career games: He slashed .438/.550/.938 with two doubles, two homers and eight RBIs for a 1.488 OPS during a six-game stint with the Orioles this June, and his addition might be exactly the trigger the O’s need to get on a late-season tear.

Related
Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

6:14 AM UTC

Orioles avoid arbitration with 10 of 11 eligible players

3:00 AM UTC

7 injured O's who could impact stretch run

August 31st, 2024

6 former prospects who are breaking out

July 20th, 2024

Webb joins Rangers' bullpen on one-year deal

December 11th, 2024

5 bounceback candidates the Nats could target this offseason

December 4th, 2024

“We think any day a guy could show up and change the scoreboard,” Fuller said.

Right-hander Jacob Webb, who had been dealing with right elbow inflammation, also rejoined the team out of the bullpen after spending more than a month on the injured list. Webb, whose elbow was “barking” as he played catch before the O’s games in Toronto on Aug. 6-7, said Sunday that he felt like his elbow was now “in a good spot.” He allowed one run on one hit and one walk out of the bullpen in the finale.

Webb spent more than a month on the injured list, though the O’s were pleased to find “nothing structurally concerning” after MRIs on his elbow, per general manager Mike Elias. Webb said he was a little surprised that the rehab process took as long as it did, but added that he knew it was more important to make sure the issues were behind him.

After three consecutive scoreless appearances with Triple-A Norfolk, he’s satisfied that’s the case.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“I’m really excited to be part of this team and be able to help however I can,” Webb said. “... I definitely was watching and cheering on my team [during my rehab assignment].”

To make room on the roster, left-hander Cole Irvin and infielder/outfielder Nick Maton were designated for assignment.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Baltimore Orioles
Heston Kjerstad
Jacob Webb

Dawn Klemish is a senior content producer for MLB.com based in Detroit.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/heston-kjerstad-activated-by-orioles-after-concussion-rehab 
 ----- 
