Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Riley Greene homers twice and surging Tigers top struggling Orioles 4-2
1 of 9 |  

Detroit Tigers’ Riley Greene, right, is congratulated by Andy Ibáñez after hitting a two-run home run off Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Cade Povich in the third inning of a baseball game, Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Jose Juarez)

2 of 9 |  

Detroit Tigers’ Riley Greene reacts after hitting a two-run home run off Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Cade Povich in the third inning of a baseball game, Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Jose Juarez)

3 of 9 |  

Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Cade Povich throws against Detroit Tigers’ Riley Greene in the first inning of a baseball game, Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Jose Juarez)

4 of 9 |  

Detroit Tigers third base coach Joey Cora, left, watches as Matt Vierling, right, runs to score on an RBI single by Colt Keith against the Baltimore Orioles in the sixth inning of a baseball game, Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Jose Juarez)

5 of 9 |  

Detroit Tigers pitcher Tyler Holton throws against the Baltimore Orioles in the sixth inning of a baseball game, Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Jose Juarez)

6 of 9 |  

Baltimore Orioles manager Brandon Hyde, left, and head athletic trainer Brian Ebel, right, watch from the dugout in the third inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers, Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Jose Juarez)

7 of 9 |  

Detroit Tigers manager A.J. Hinch watches from the dugout in the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Jose Juarez)

8 of 9 |  

Detroit Tigers’ Colt Keith hits an RBI single, scoring Matt Vierling, in the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Jose Juarez)

9 of 9 |  

Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Cade Povich throws against the Detroit Tigers in the third inning of a baseball game, Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Jose Juarez)

BY  DANA GAURUDER
Updated 12:01 AM UTC, September 16, 2024
Share

DETROIT (AP) — Riley Greene homered twice and drove in three runs, and the Detroit Tigers beat Baltimore 4-2 on Sunday to take two of three from the Orioles.

Greene hit a two-run homer with two outs in the third off Cade Povich (2-9) and a solo drive in the eighth against Gregory Soto. Greene leads the Tigers with 23 homers. He hit both homers off left-handers after entering the day batting .203 with four homers against lefties.

Detroit is tied with Seattle at 77-73, 2 1/2 games behind Minnesota (79-70) for the last AL wild card. The Tigers have won six of eight.

“That’s a really, really good team over there,” Greene said. “We just keep putting our ourselves in good positions to get a possible win. Our goal is just to win every single game we can.”

Baltimore (84-64) dropped its second straight series and scored just six runs in the three games. The Orioles, who have lost six of eight, fell three games back of the AL East-leading Yankees but are in position for the top AL wild card.

“Our pitching’s been really good,” Orioles manager Brandon Hyde said. “We’re giving ourselves a chance to win almost every single night out. We’re playing pretty good defense. We’re just not getting enough baserunners and when we do, we’re not getting them home.”

RELATED STORIES
Detroit Tigers sign RHP Alex Cobb to $15 million, 1-year contract
RHP Alex Cobb agrees to 1-year contract with the Detroit Tigers, AP source says
Baltimore Orioles finalize deals with Tyler O'Neill and Gary Sánchez

Keider Montero (6-6) gave up five hits in five innings and Jason Foley got four straight outs for his 23rd save in 26 chances.

“Having control of the zone, that was the key for sure,” Montero said through an interpreter.

Povich allowed two runs, two hits and two walks in five innings while striking out eight.

Colt Keith boosted the lead to 3-0 with an RBI single in the sixth against right-hander Jacob Webb.

Adley Rutschman hit a two-run homer in the eighth against Will Vest, Rutschman’s 19th homer this season but first since Aug. 18.

“We’ve just got to get going offensively,” Hyde said. “We had the two-run homer later in the game but we’re not stringing together many hits. When we have opportunities, we’re not cashing them in.”

Soto has allowed 30 home runs in his big league career but Greene’s was just the fifth by a left-handed batter.

Soto is an ex-Tiger, and that familiarity was somewhat helpful for Greene.

“I know he’s got that sinker and slider. It’s still not a comfortable at-bat because he’s really good,” Greene said. “Just trying to put the barrel on the ball.”

Baltimore outfielder Heston Kjerstad was activated from the 10-day injured list after recovering from a concussion and went 0 for 2 and Webb was reinstated from the 15-day IL following a bout of right elbow inflammation. Left-hander Cole Irvin and infielder Nick Maton were designated for assignment.

UP NEXT

Orioles: RHP Albert Suárez (8-5, 3.39 ERA) will start the opener of a three-game home series against San Francisco on Tuesday night.

Tigers: RHP Seth Lugo (16-8, 2.94) starts for Kansas City on Monday night in the opener of a three-game series against visiting Detroit.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Online Calculator for Car...
Cars Value
:
Advertisement
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't delay motherhood for higher...
Trump wants to change colleges nationwide. GOP-led states...
As President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office, both conservative and...
AP News
U.S. citizen denied entry into Poland after security staff...
A U.S. citizen has been barred from entering Poland because her passport wa...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates historical scenarios
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nightti me Driving As Dayti...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
Minnesota judge orders Mike Lindell's MyPillow to pay nearl...
A Minnesota judge has ordered MyPillow to pay nearly $778,000 for unpaid bills an...
AP News
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
These Seniors Over 65 Learned How To Save Massive On Life Insu...
Senior Life Insurance
Advertisement:
ACLU sues Florida Gov. DeSantis for not calling special elections...
The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit accusing Florida Gov. Ron...
AP News
Deni Avdija scores 26 as the Trail Blazers down the Pelicans 119-...
Deni Avdija scored 26 points, Shaedon Sharpe added 21 and the Portland Trail...
AP News
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
This Winter Hat is Sweeping Iowa
FANYIL
Advertisement:
Shop Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Levels in US
Sugar Reverse:Advertisement
Learn More
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/oriioles-tigers-score-b3270c58b9924512286123e50253d367 
 ----- 
