 MENU
My Picks
Baltimore Orioles vs Detroit Tigers Prediction MLB Picks 9/15/24
Home  MLB Picks
 David Racey  September 14, 2024 11:17 pm
Detroit Tigers (76-73) vs Baltimore Orioles (84-65)
Game Info: Sunday, September 15, 2024 at 12:10 pm (Comerica Park)
Keider Montero (5-6) (4.88) vs Cade Povich (2-8) (5.91)
Betting Odds: Detroit Tigers -109 / Baltimore Orioles -109 --- Over/Under: 8.5 Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: Roku

In this article we will formulate a Baltimore Orioles vs Detroit Tigers prediction for this MLB game on Sunday, September 15th at Comerica Park in Detroit, Michigan. To formulate this prediction for game three in the series, we will examine:

The Orioles recent form and recent player performance 
The Tigers recent form and recent play performance
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Baltimore
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Detroit
Recent betting trends in games played between Baltimore and Detroit
A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for Today’s Game between Baltimore and Detroit
Baltimore Orioles Betting Preview

The Baltimore Orioles are 84-65 this season and they have lost two of their last three games. Baltimore did win game two in this series by a score of 4-2 on Saturday night. Prior to this series, the Orioles lost two out of three against the Red Sox, lost two out of three against the Rays, and won two out of three against the White Sox. Baltimore is 3-6 in their last nine games and they are second in the AL East. 

The Baltimore pitching staff has a 3.91 ERA, a 1.24 WHIP, and a .239 opponent batting average. The Orioles offense has scored 725 runs with a .249 batting average and a .315 on base percentage. Gunnar Henderson is batting .283 with 37 home runs and 87 RBI’s for the Orioles this season. 

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers
Detroit Tigers Betting Preview

The Detroit Tigers are 76-73 this year and they have lost two of their last three games. Detroit won game one in this series by a score of 1-0 on Friday night. Prior to this series, the Tigers won two out of three against the Rockies, won two out of three against the Athletics, and lost two out of three against the Padres. Detroit is 5-2 in their last seven games and they are fourth in the AL Central. 

The Detroit pitching staff has a 3.64 ERA, a 1.17 WHIP, and a .235 opponent batting average. The Tigers offense has scored 631 runs with a .234 batting average and a .298 on base percentage. Riley Greene is batting .263 with 21 home runs and 66 RBI’s for the Tigers this season. 

Starting Pitchers

The projected starting pitcher for Baltimore is Cade Povich, who is 2-8 with a 5.91 ERA and a 1.59 WHIP over 64.0 innings pitched this year. Povich has allowed at least four earned runs in three of his last four starts. The projected starting pitcher for Detroit is Keider Montero, who is 5-6 with a 4.88 ERA and a 1.28 WHIP over 83.0 innings pitched this season. Montero has allowed two earned runs or fewer in three of his last five starts. 

Why the Tigers will beat the Orioles
The Tigers have won four of their last five games as home underdogs against AL East opponents following a home loss.
The Orioles have lost eight of their last nine road games following a win.
The Tigers have covered the run line each of their last four day games against American League opponents that held a winning record.
The Orioles have failed to cover the run line in four of their last five day games against the Tigers following a win.
Total Runs Facts
Seven of the Tigers' last eight games as home underdogs have gone UNDER the total runs line.
Each of the Orioles' last four road games have gone UNDER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Tigers' last four day games against American League opponents.
Detroit Tigers Player Prop Facts
Spencer Torkelson has scored at least one run in nine of his last 10 Sunday appearances with the Tigers as underdogs.
Javier Baez has hit a home run in two of his last three appearances against AL opponents that held a winning record.
Spencer Torkelson has recorded at least one hit in each of his last six home appearances.
Spencer Torkelson has recorded at least one Single in each of his last four appearances after playing the previous day.
Spencer Torkelson has recorded at least one total base in each of his last six appearances at Comerica Park.
Spencer Torkelson has recorded at least one RBI in four of his last five home appearances.
Baltimore Orioles Player Prop Facts
Gunnar Henderson has recorded two or more total bases in each of the Orioles' last seven games against AL Central opponents.
Ryan Mountcastle has recorded an RBI in each of his last three appearances in day games against AL Central teams that held a winning record.
Gunnar Henderson has scored at least one run in each of the Orioles' last eight Sunday day games against opponents that held a winning record.
Gunnar Henderson has hit a home run in four of the Orioles' last six games against AL Central opponents.
Ryan Mountcastle has recorded a Double in three of his last four appearances in day games against AL Central teams that held a winning record.
Gunnar Henderson has recorded at least one hit in each of the Orioles' last seven road games.
James McCann has recorded at least one Single in seven of his eight previous appearances against the Tigers after playing the previous day.
Baltimore Orioles vs Detroit Tigers Prediction 

Baltimore was able to get the win on Saturday in game two of this series behind a very solid start from Burnes, but they have struggled over the last week and a half. The Orioles are 42-32 on the road this season, while the Tigers are 38-36 at home. Detroit has dropped two of their last three games, but they have played very well over the last two months. The Tigers are going with Montero on the mound, who was lights out in his last start. I don’t love Montero here, but I trust him more than Povich. Take the Tigers at home. 

David’s Pick
Tigers ML
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: DAVID RACEY
David will find the winners to make you a profit. David uses full season statistics, with an emphasis on recent results, to find the best value. Follow David on Twitter @itsyerboi41

TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-15/baltimore-orioles-vs-detroit-tigers-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
