Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Pelicans Star Breaks Silence on Confrontation With Indiana Pacers
Jordan Hawkins and Bennedict Mathurin had a heated moment during Pelicans vs Pacers
Farbod Esnaashari | Nov 2, 2024
Indiana Pacers guard Tyrese Haliburton (0) looks to pass the ball against New Orleans Pelicans guard Jordan Hawkins (24) during the first half at Smoothie King Center. Mandatory Credit: Stephen Lew-Imagn Images / Stephen Lew-Imagn Images
In this story:
New Orleans Pelicans
Indiana Pacers

For the past few seasons, the New Orleans Pelicans have been known to be one of the scrappiest teams in the league. They might not be one of the top teams in the NBA, but they've been known to scrap, something that's been proven numerous times, including on Friday night.

After the Pelicans defeated the Indiana Pacers on Friday night, Jordan Hawkins and Bennedict Mathurin got into a confrontational moment. No punches were thrown of any kind, but numerous players stepped in to prevent things from getting worse.

After the game, Hawkins was asked about his heated moment with Mathurin, and he gave a very simple answer.

"I don't fear nobody but God," Hawkins said. "If someone is talking crazy to me, I'm gonna talk back to him."

Against the Indiana Pacers, Hawkins put up 23 points, 4 rebounds, and 1 assist on 41.2% shooting from the field. Through five games this season Hawkins is averaging 17.3 points, 4.8 rebounds, and 1.2 assists on 44/38/91 shooting from the field. It's early, but one could very easily see Jordan Hawkins be a legitimate contender for the Most Improved Player of the Year award.

After a much-needed win against the Pacers, the Pelicans have two very winnable games coming up against the Atlanta Hawks and Portland Trail Blazers.

The New Orleans Pelicans face off against the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday at 7:00 p.m. EST.

Related Articles

Zion Williamson Gets Brutally Honest After Blowout Loss to Warriors

New Orleans Pelicans Make Roster Move After Loss to Warriors

Brandon Ingram's Honest Statement on Pelicans' Loss to Warriors

Published Nov 2, 2024
FARBOD ESNAASHARI

12-year NBA veteran that's covered the league on Sports Illustrated, Forbes, Bleacher Report, and ESPN

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/pelicans/news/pelicans-star-breaks-silence-on-confrontation-with-indiana-pacers-01jbp5w766zj 
 ----- 
