Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
Brandon Ingram #14 of the New Orleans Pelicans drives to the basket vs. Indiana.
Pelicans practice report: Complete games by Zion Williamson, Brandon Ingram led way to win over Pacers
Jim Eichenhofer
November 2, 20242:27 PM CDT

For the vast majority of NBA teams, the removal of three Opening Night starters from the lineup due to injury would represent a crushing blow, leaving a severe talent void. But when New Orleans faced that predicament Friday vs. Indiana in just its sixth game of the regular season, the Pelicans could find comfort in at least one major positive: they still had two players available who’ve been Western Conference All-Stars this decade.

In its best offensive performance of 2024-25, New Orleans defeated Indiana by a 125-118 margin, with two-time All-Star forward Zion Williamson and 2020 All-Star forward Brandon Ingram both playing their most complete games. Williamson posted 34 points, six rebounds and 10 assists, while Ingram contributed 26 points, six rebounds and seven assists, marking the second time as teammates the duo delivered 25-5-5 lines in those categories. The last time they did so was Feb. 24, 2021.

Play Video

This is a modal window.

The media could not be loaded, either because the server or network failed or because the format is not supported.
Willie Green on takeaways from IND win, Trey Murphy III | Pelicans Practice 11/2/24
2mo
news
00:06:22

Following an injury-filled road trip to Portland and Golden State, New Orleans head coach Willie Green was not planning to make major alterations to his strategy, but the Pelicans (3-3) needed to get comfortable with the notion that Williamson and Ingram now had to carry a larger burden. The forwards also combined on the defensive end for three steals and two blocks against the up-tempo Pacers.

“There wasn’t a huge component that I wanted to address,” Green said after Saturday’s practice. “The biggest thing was, ‘Look, we’re going to lean on BI and Z more.’ They are more than capable. They went out and did it. They led on both ends of the floor. (Also it was important) getting our guys comfortable playing different positions, different rotations. Once we had that mix, that we’ve worked on a little bit over the last few days, we were able to go out on the floor and execute.”

Oct. 23 starters vs. Chicago, Dejounte Murray, CJ McCollum and Herb Jones were all sidelined Friday due to injuries. Asked Saturday about the importance of him taking on a bigger workload without those major-impact players, Ingram said, “I think it’s important to still have a balance. Staying aggressive, staying in attack mode, but making sure we bring our teammates along, making sure they’re in a rhythm. Just bringing energy to the game. Because at the end of the day, we’re going to need everybody (in order to win).”

Play Video

This is a modal window.

The media could not be loaded, either because the server or network failed or because the format is not supported.
Brandon Ingram on Zion Williamson, offensive pace | Pelicans Practice 11/2/24
2mo
news
00:06:16

Other notes from practice:

Ingram on Brandon Boston Jr. (14 points on 6/9 shooting, two steals vs. Indiana): “I thought he (played) free. I thought he went out there and had a rhythm to him and intention – that was to get to the (basket), shoot his jumper. He settled us down bringing the ball up and didn’t turn it over, and he made good plays, connected with the guys. It’s a step forward for him.” …

More from Ingram on Boston, who only played sporadically in his three previous seasons with the Clippers (105 games, one start): “I think with the Clippers, they just couldn’t find minutes for him, (because) they had guys they already established. I’ve always thought he was a really good basketball player that can score the ball, that likes the game. I’ve been a fan of him.” …

Trey Murphy was on the court a bit Saturday. Green on Murphy’s continued recovery from a hamstring strain: “He’s getting better and better. You saw today he’s on the floor running, getting some shots up, playing a little one-on-one. So he’s progressing.” The Pelicans do not have a target date yet for Murphy to play in a game.

Play Video

This is a modal window.

The media could not be loaded, either because the server or network failed or because the format is not supported.
Brandon Boston Jr. on team chemistry, bench defense | Pelicans Practice 11/2/24
2mo
news
00:04:00
Tags
BRANDON INGRAM
ZION WILLIAMSON
BRANDON BOSTON JR.
TREY MURPHY III
Related Articles
Pelicans practice report: Complete games by Zion Williamson, Brandon Ingram led way to win over Pacers
Pelicans 125, Pacers 118: Zion Williamson 34 points | Postgame wrap
Will Guillory on 4-game homestand | Pelicans Podcast
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/pelicans-practice-report-complete-games-by-zion-williamson-brandon-ingram-led-way-to-win-over-pacers 
 ----- 
