MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Pelicans add CJ McCollum and Herb Jones to growing injury list
Updated Nov. 2, 2024 12:06 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

NEW ORLEANS (AP) — When Willie Green learned Friday that starting guard CJ McCollum and top defender Herb Jones would be joining point guard Dejounte Murray on the injury list for multiple weeks, the New Orleans Pelicans coach tried to look on the bright side.

“We’re grateful that it’s not something that’s going to keep those guys out the rest of the year,” Green said before New Orleans hosted the Indiana Pacers on Friday night. "It’s something that they can recover from.

“At the same time, it’s going to ask a lot of the rest of the group,” Green added. "You’ve got to cut down on mistakes ... grind and kind of weather the storm.”

McCollum, who has averaged 18.8 points in four games this season, has been diagnosed with a right adductor strain that is expected to sideline him about two to three weeks. Jones has a right shoulder strain and small low-grade partial thickness tear in his rotator cuff. The Pelicans say he could be out from two weeks to a month.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Both were hurt during the Pelicans' loss at Golden State on Tuesday night.

Murray, the Pelicans' top offseason acquisition, broke his hand late in New Orleans' regular season-opening victory over Chicago. Murray had 14 points, 10 assists and eight rebounds in the lone game he's played for New Orleans. He had surgery last week and is expected to miss an additional three to five weeks

Meanwhile, New Orleans began the season without wing Trey Murphy III, who is recovering from a right hamstring strain that is expected to keep him out one more week.

The injuries will mean much more playing time for shooting guard Jordan Hawkins, a 2023 first-round draft choice out of Connecticut, and point guard Jose Alvarado, and fourth-year pro out of Georgia Tech. Both moved into the starting lineup on Wednesday night at Golden State, when New Orleans lost its third straight game.

The team also gave 7-foot rookie Yves Missi — a first-round draft pick out of Baylor — his first career start at center on Friday.

Travel Oregon This Wint...
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Grab Workout Ready Drinkwa...
YETI|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

All three responded productively in a 125-118 victory over Indiana.

Hawkins scored 23 points. Alvarado added 12 points, seven assists and two steals. Missi grabbed 10 rebounds, blocked a shot and had four points, highlighted by his thunderous dunk over Indiana's Myles Turner.

“They were more active than usual, vocally and just energy-wise,” said Pelicans forward Zion Williamson, who led the club with 34 points and 10 assists. “When players do stuff like that, no matter which calibre player you're talking about, it's infectious. Like, people want to be a part of that. People feed off of that and it leads to those runs, lobs, blocks and just wanting to make the play.”

Williamson and wing Brandon Ingram represent what remains — for now — of New Orleans' usual starting lineup. But the Pelicans hope that with their leadership, they can stay competitive as several usual reserves adjust to more prominent roles.

“With this group, we just continue to stay together and go after it,” Green said. “Not having the main guys on the floor and having to adjust to guys that aren’t necessarily in the rotation, that’s the issue for us.

“We saw the first game what we would look like," Green added, referring to Murray's addition to this season's main lineup. "Without him, we were kind of going back to what we were doing last season; it wasn’t how we were playing all camp, so we’ve got to make some adjustments.”

Although Green conceded that it's easy to feel unlucky at times like these, he stressed that "life is too good and I’m so grateful for the opportunity to lead.”

“Things happen, adversity strikes and how we handle that, it prepares us for life," Green said. "That’s how I look at it.”

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
CJ McCollum
New Orleans Pelicans
National Basketball Association
Dejounte Murray
Herbert Jones
CJ McCollum
Indiana Pacers
New Orleans Pelicans
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/pelicans-add-cj-mccollum-and-herb-jones-to-growing-injury-list 
 ----- 
