Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
CHICAGO, IL - NOVEMBER 1: Brandon Ingram #14 of the New Orleans Pelicans shoots a free throw during the game against the Indiana Pacers on November 1, 2024 at Smoothie King Center in New Orleans, Louisiana. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. Mandatory Copyright Notice: Copyright 2024 NBAE (Photo by Jeff Haynes/NBAE via Getty Images)
New Orleans Pelicans vs. Indiana Pacers Postgame Quotes | 11/1/2024
Indiana Pacers vs. New Orleans Pelicans postgame quotes during the 2024-5 NBA season from head coach Willie Green and players on Friday, November 1, 2024.
Pelicans.com
November 2, 202412:02 AM CDT
Head Coach Willie Green

On Zion Williamson and Brandon Ingram leading the team despite being shorthanded:

“I just want to start off by thanking God, just such a blessing to have a group that’s as resilient as our group is. They’ve been like that since I’ve gotten here and to your point, BI (Brandon Ingram) and Zion (Williamson) – their leadership on the floor, being detailed, executing plays over and over again, communicating defensively – the rest of the group followed, and we got a big-time performance from Jordan Hawkins. He looked like he wasn’t feeling his best, Yves (Missi), who’s had some lingering pain, soreness, he gutted it out, Brandon Boston, Javonte (Green), Jeremiah (Robinson-Earl), I mean everybody that touched the floor was huge for us.”

On Brandon Boston Jr.’s performance:

“Yeah it’s a credit to Griff (David Griffin) and Bryson Graham. [He] Immediately, went to go get him when we lost Malcolm Hill, and we knew that at some point, some of these guys are going to have to step up, and it’s a huge credit to Brandon (Boston). He’s staying in the gym, he’s working, he’s watching film with the coaches, and we needed every single point that he had tonight, and he hit some big shots.”

PELICANS FORWARD BRANDON INGRAM

On the key to close out tonight’s game:

“Having awareness. We were down a couple guys. It's a good opportunity for everyone to step up in a big way. They did that tonight.”

On what has changed in his game and approach:

“I use the word again, but it's the awareness that I need to do more. On the offensive end, not necessarily shooting but getting other guys into rhythm and staying aggressive. On the defensive end, staying engaged. Making sure I help my teammates and staying in front of the basketball.”

PELICANS FORWARD ZION WILLIAMSON

On the key to his performance tonight against the Pacers:

“Letting the game come to me by staying aggressive. It was like I was painting my own picture. Getting the lay of the land and once I got it, then I was on the attack.”

On playing alongside Brandon Ingram tonight:

“My dog. It was amazing. People are always trying to tell us that we can't hoop together. Me and him just want to have fun and make it happen. That is what basketball is all about.”

PACERS HEAD COACH RICK CARLISILE

On tonight’s game overall:

“The game had a lot of good stretches for us but our inability to sustain those good stretches and rebounding was a problem once again. We really struggled with (Brandon) Ingram and (Zion) Williamson and it costs us. They had some others step up, shoot the ball well and made plays. So disappointing result.”

On allowing 21 points off of turnovers:

“Yes, of course it was. It’s all possession of the ball. We hopped out to a good lead early and then we got sloppy. Turnovers turned into points, their points scored turned into the crowd into it and we made good recoveries a couple of times but again we have to be able to sustain. Zion is a big problem and we didn’t do a good job with him. His rebounding was a big problem too.”

Photos: Pelicans vs. Pacers | Game Action 11/1/24

1 / 55
Game action photos from the New Orleans Pelicans game against the Indiana Pacers on Friday, November 1 during the 2024-25 NBA season.

1 / 55
Game action photos from the New Orleans Pelicans game against the Indiana Pacers on Friday, November 1 during the 2024-25 NBA season. (Tatiana Lubanko | New Orleans Pelicans)

Tags
BRANDON INGRAM
ZION WILLIAMSON
Related Articles
New Orleans Pelicans vs. Indiana Pacers Postgame Quotes | 11/1/2024
Pelicans 125, Pacers 118: Zion Williamson 34 points | Postgame wrap
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/new-orleans-pelicans-vs-new-orleans-pelicans-postgame-quotes-11-1-2024 
 ----- 
