Friday, January 10, 2025, 10:23PM |   24°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
10
MORE
Oneil Cruz’s defensive struggles in center field pave way for Pirates loss to Royals
Saturday's game was the first true signs of growing pains since the former shortstop moved to the outfield
 
ANDREW DESTIN
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
adestin@post-gazette.com
 SEP 14, 2024 8:03 PM
88

For as smooth a transition as it’s mostly been for Oneil Cruz in moving to center field, Saturday was quite the opposite.

The former shortstop didn’t technically make any errors, but a couple of critical gaffes paved the way for a handful of Royals runs in a 5-1 loss for the Pirates on Saturday afternoon at PNC Park.

“When we moved him out there, we said there's going to be bumps in the road, and I think we saw a little bit of it today,” manager Derek Shelton said. “Unfortunately, a couple of plays that ended up resulting in runs.”

Cruz, who moved from shortstop to center field full time at the tail end of August, made an ill-advised dive for a sizzling line drive up the middle from former Pirate Adam Frazier in the fifth. The horsehide scooted by a lunging Cruz, and Frazier comfortably settled in with a leadoff triple.

 
Andrew Destin
Billy Cook pays tribute to Clemente Day with stellar performance in Pirates win over Royals

Frazier immediately came around to score on a double by Maikel Garcia, and the Royals got another run in the inning on a sacrifice fly by Bobby Witt Jr. In total, the Royals advanced their lead from a single tally to three runs by the end of the frame.

Two innings later, Cruz took a bad angle on a ball that Witt lofted toward shallow center. Cruz hung back for a while, then dashed in too late before the fly ball deflected off of his glove for an RBI double that pushed the Royals’ lead to 5-1.

“It looked like he broke back and then didn't have the ability to recover,” Shelton said. “Those are the balls that he's going to have to learn — with his ability to go back — that he can probably freeze a little bit and see where it's at before he takes the initial couple drop steps that he took.”

By most advanced metrics, though, Cruz has been at the very least serviceable in center field 13 games into the transition. Per Baseball Savant, Cruz has been worth one out above average (OAA); FanGraphs, meanwhile, is of the opinion he’s been worth minus-1 defensive run saved.

“I’m good in center field now,” Cruz said prior to Saturday’s game. “I’m not coming back to shortstop. I feel like out there, I feel comfortable now.

“I feel like I’ve got more space and more mental peace to focus on my offense.”

There are already a number of examples of Cruz showing off his potential and athleticism recently in center field. Such wasn’t the case in a losing effort against the Royals, though.

 
Jason Mackey
Jason Mackey: Even the Steelers consider Pirates' Paul Skenes 'electric' and 'a different breed'

Throughout the briefest of sample sizes, it was the most concrete example of growing pains yet for one of the franchise’s pillars — and a relative aberration, all things considered.

“Those are going to be [the] situations where he's going to have to learn out there,” Shelton said. “We've seen him play pretty well out there in the short term. ... Today was one [where] he had a couple plays that he hasn't had, and we just have to continue to coach and teach him."

On the mound

Mitch Keller made his first appearance in a week and turned in his 15th quality start of the season. Despite not being terribly helped out by his defense — both Jared Triolo and Nick Gonzales made fielding errors — Keller served his purpose of covering six innings less than 24 hours removed from Luis Ortiz failing to make it past the fourth on Friday night.

"I felt pretty good. Thought everything was working well,” Keller said. “We used the curveball a lot, sweeper a lot. Just used the full mix today.”

In total, Keller yielded only four runs, three of them earned, on four hits while striking out six. In the first inning, though, Witt got the best of Keller on a solo shot that dug a deficit the Pirates were never able to climb out of.

“Just facing him in the box, he's probably one of the most professional at-bats I've ever had to go against,” Keller said. “It just seemed like he was on everything. He's a really good hitter. Puts good swings on everything, even when he's quote-unquote 'fooled' or whatever.”

Three relievers followed Keller, with Carmen Mlodzinski being the only one tagged for a run because of Cruz’s mishap in the seventh inning. Jalen Beeks produced a scoreless eighth, and David Bednar did the same in the ninth despite walking the bases loaded.

At the plate

Squaring off against former Cardinals hurler Michael Wacha, the Pirates struggled to do much of anything offensively. They only pushed one run past Wacha courtesy of an RBI single by Cruz with two away in the second.

A night removed from striking out 14 times as a team, the Pirates came awfully close to repeating the feat against a collection of six Royals pitchers by going down either swinging or looking on 13 occasions.

Rookie Billy Cook, who got off to a hot start by going 2 for 4 in his MLB debut last Sunday, is now 0 for his last 10 with four strikeouts.

"It looks like he's a little more tentative,” Shelton said of Cook. “In the first game, he was a little more aggressive, and I think we got to get back to that aggressiveness.”

They said it

"There was no time that I saw a bad attitude with it,” Shelton said of Cruz and the position change. “I think he's accepted that that's where he's at. He's been working on it. Again, there's going to be plays he has to learn how to make, and that's where we're at right now.

“And that's what happens when you take a middle infielder and put him in the outfield, in center field."

Up next

Sunday: Royals at Pirates, 1:35 p.m., PNC Park

TV, radio: SportsNet Pittsburgh, KDKA-FM (93.7)

Probable pitchers: RHP Jared Jones (6-7, 3.82) for Pirates; RHP Brady Singer (9-10, 3.42) for Royals

Key matchup: In his rookie year, Jones has compiled a 4.43 ERA across four games against American League opponents.

Hidden stat: The Pirates entered Saturday’s contest with an 11-4 all-time record against the Royals at PNC Park.

Monday: Pirates at Cardinals, 8:45 p.m., Busch Stadium

Probable pitchers: RHP Paul Skenes (10-2, 2.10) for Pirates; RHP Andre Pallante (6-8, 4.13) for Cardinals

First Published: September 14, 2024, 8:03 p.m.
Updated: September 15, 2024, 12:13 p.m.

Andrew Destin has covered the Pirates for the Post-Gazette since 2023. He has also covered the Penguins and Penn State football as a beat reporter.
  adestin@post-gazette.com
  @AndrewDestin1
 RELATED
 
Noah Hiles
‘The sign of a pro’: The story of Rowdy Tellez's chaotic 2024 campaign
 
Andrew Destin
Luis Ortiz foiled by throwing error, 6-run frame in Pirates’ loss to Royals
 
Andrew Destin
Left-hander Marco Gonzales undergoes surgery, expected to be sidelined for 1 year
 
Andrew Destin
‘What every Pirate should strive to be’: Players, coaches honor Roberto Clemente with day of service
 
Jason Mackey
Jason Mackey: Remember Pirates prospect Mason Martin? Now he's dominating independent ball
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' last playoff game in Baltimore had a surreal ending
LIFE
Buying Here: Dutch Colonial with fine finishes priced at $2.5 million in Edgeworth
BUSINESS
A new canvas: Warhol Museum cuts size of proposed events center but keeps the inspiration
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: Analyzing James Franklin, Drew Allar and blame game after brutal Penn State loss
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 5:48am  Jason Mackey
2
NEWS
Pine-Richland School Board meeting on controversial book policy turns heated
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 4:40pm  Megan Tomasic
3
SPORTS
End of an era? Najee Harris introspective as Steelers career could be coming to a close
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 6:01pm  Brian Batko
4
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' last playoff game in Baltimore had a surreal ending
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 10:30am  Gerry Dulac
5
NEWS
What to know about norovirus as it surges in Allegheny County and beyond
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 9:00am  Hanna Webster
Gene J. Puskar/Associated Press
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
End of an era? Najee Harris introspective as Steelers career could be coming to a close
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' last playoff game in Baltimore had a surreal ending
3 Steelers named NFL All-Pros, led by pair of 1st-teamers
As NHL trade deadline nears, Marcus Pettersson hopes to buy more time with Penguins
WATCH: Why is there a lack of buzz for Steelers-Ravens?
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/pirates/2024/09/14/oneil-cruz-center-field-bobby-witt-mitch-keller-shelton-cherington/stories/202409110106 
 ----- 
