Skip to content
Subscribe Now
45°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Eaton, Palisades fires slow as containment grows, 24 dead; firefighters prepare for new winds
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICS
Oakland A’s lose another heartbreaker to finish six-game road trip
Josh Jung hit a three-run homer off Mason Miller in the 10th inning to lead the Texas Rangers past the A’s 6-4 on Sunday.
Mason Miller, shown here in a file photo (Photo by Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images)
By STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS
PUBLISHED: September 1, 2024 at 4:33 PM PDT

ARLINGTON, Texas — Oakland A’s right-hander Mason Miller might have established himself as one of the American League’s premier closers during the first five months of the regular season.

But his September got off to a rough start.

Josh Jung hit a three-run homer off Miller in the 10th inning to lead the Texas Rangers past the A’s 6-4 on Sunday.

The loss marked the second straight time a walk-off hit bit the A’s, as Leody Taveras hit a game-ending single with one out in the ninth inning in the Rangers’ 3-2 win over Oakland on Saturday.

Texas has won in walk-off fashion five times in their six home wins since Aug. 5.

Miller (1-2), the winning pitcher for the American League in the All-Star Game in Texas this summer, worked a scoreless ninth and got the first two outs in the 10th before Adolis García hit a 2-2 slider for an RBI single and Wyatt Langford walked after fouling off four pitches.

Jung then drove a 101.7 mph fastball from Miller the opposite way and just inside the right-field pole for his fifth homer.

“For some reason, Langford always seems to be able to get to my fastball fouled off,” Miller said. “And then during that at-bat (vs. Jung), I kind of lost the feel for my slider, which pretty much allowed him to eliminate that pitch and just sit on the fastball.”

Jung, in only his 28th game since missing 102 because of a fractured right wrist, wasn’t sure the ball was gone until it landed just a couple of rows deep.

“It’s a positive thing; it puts things in the right direction,” said Jung, who still lamented missing an RBI chance earlier in the game. “I went out there and started over-swinging again, felt like I just fixed that the other day. So being able to not lunge at 100 (mph) and be able to turn it around is big for me.”

Oakland had gone ahead in the 10th against Matt Festa (3-1), who struck out his first two batters before Seth Brown hit a tiebreaking RBI triple and Zack Gelof followed with a double.

Miller, who hadn’t pitched since Wednesday, threw 34 pitches in his 1 2/3 innings as the A’s closed their road trip with a 3-3 record. Their one loss in a three-game series against Cincinnati on Thursday also came via the walk-off, as TJ Friedl capped a three-run ninth inning with a two-run single in a 10-9 Reds win.

Miller entered Sunday with a 1-1 record this season with a 2.08 ERA in 52 innings over 44 games. His 23 saves were tied for sixth most in the AL.

“That last at-bat of the game is a fastball up and in. Jung got the barrel to it, and it goes out to the right field,” A’s manager Mark Kotsay said. “So a tough way to lose. But we had the right guy on the mound, and it just didn’t go our way today.”

Lawrence Butler and Brent Rooker each had four hits for the A’s (59-78), who had runners at first and third in the ninth before Shea Langeliers grounded into an inning-ending double play. Oakland had 16 hits and left 11 runners on base.

Corey Seager hit a one-out double in the first for Texas (65-72) and scored on a double by García, who entered in a 6-for-40 slide over his previous 11 games. García added another double leading off the sixth when the Rangers loaded the bases without scoring.

The Rangers are now 9 1/2 games out of the third and final wild-card spot in the AL, but they stayed with it to win the series over Oakland.

RELATED ARTICLES
Athletics agree to $60 million, 5-year contract with slugger Brent Rooker, per source
Timeline: The biggest Bay Area sports stories of 2024
Bay Area sports rewind: Recounting the wild ride that was 2024
Rickey Henderson’s daughter addresses reports of false funeral service
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland

“They keep fighting, so that’s what I have to say about them,” said Bruce Bochy, who matched Bucky Harris for eighth on the manager wins list with No. 2,158. “You get down two there (in) extra innings, you’ve got your hands full with one of the best closers in the game.”

ROSTER ADDS

With MLB rosters expanding by two to 28 on Sunday, the A’s recalled INF Tristan Gray from Triple-A Las Vegas and added Janson Junk, whom they got on a waiver claim from Houston on Saturday. Texas recalled RHP Owen White and INF Jonathan Ornelas from Triple-A Round Rock.

UP NEXT

Athletics: RHP Osvaldo Bido (5-3, 3.21 ERA), who is 3-0 with a 1.17 ERA in his last four starts, is scheduled to pitch in their homestand opener against Seattle on Monday.

Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Gov. Newsom suspends 2 environmental laws to jumpstart rebuilding in fire-damaged L.A. communities
How wind-driven wildfires stormed the Los Angeles area
Word Game: Jan. 13, 2025
Searchable map: Houses destroyed in Los Angeles’ Eaton fire
Man arrested on suspicion of arson after allegedly setting fires in LA County
Incoming Trump team is questioning civil servants at National Security Council about their loyalty
Former child star Rory Callum Sykes dies in L.A. wildfire after mother couldn’t save him
Residential burglars in Saratoga steal safe, jewelry
Searchable map: Houses destroyed in Los Angeles’ Palisades fire
Map: Palisades and Eaton fire perimeters and evacuation zones

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
Oakland A’s teammates, sports luminaries mourn Rickey Henderson
From the archives: How Oakland A’s legend Rickey Henderson was molded by ‘Billy Ball’
2024
September
1
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Default: Location of this page
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2024/09/01/oakland-as-lose-another-heartbreaker-to-finish-six-game-road-trip/ 
 ----- 
