This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Cookie Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
SAVE
ACCEPT ALL
REJECT ALL
CLOSE
Weather
31°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
What the Mavericks need to change before their Tuesday rematch with the Nuggets
As Dallas wine bar closes, owner cites challenges like Dry January and Ozempic
Monday Outlook: A dry and cool start to the week
Jalen Hurts returns, throws two TDs in NFC Wild Card game to lead Eagles past Packers
Southwest Airlines bids farewell to two retiring top executives
Why is Jerry Jones dragging out Cowboys coaching decision with Mike McCarthy?
Is Texas doing enough to save abandoned babies?
Construction to start on new $370 million Uptown high-rises this year
Klay Thompson sizzles, but Mavs go cold late in Sunday test from Nikola Jokic’s Nuggets
Dallas-area chicken restaurant is one of the best in the country, Southern Living says
ADVERTISEMENT
THIS IS MEMBER-EXCLUSIVE CONTENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Texas Rangers’ walk-off win provided something that’s been missing in 2024: Fun
Amid 2024′s frustrating title defense, the Rangers’ win over Oakland on Sunday had something that’s been missing.

By Evan Grant

Rangers beat writer/insider

Sep. 1, 2024
|
Updated 8:22 p.m. CDT
|
4 min. read
Texas Rangers' Josh Jung, left, hits a three-run home run in front of Oakland Athletics catcher Shea Langeliers, right, during the 10th inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 1, 2024, in Arlington, Texas.(LM Otero / AP)

ARLINGTON - The Texas Rangers shoved a lot that had been missing all season into the final few hitters on Sunday.

Adolis Garcia had a two-out, two-strike hit. Occasionally too patient Wyatt Langford swung when he needed to to keep an at-bat alive, the worked his way to walk. Josh Jung delivered an opposite-field, walk-off three-run homer to give the Rangers a 6-4, 10-inning win over Oakland.

But wait, there’s more: There was fun.

After the perfunctory pile at home plate, a requirement of any walkoff hit, Marcus Semien grabbed a cooler from the dugout, carried it to where Jung was doing a TV interview and hit him with a thing from the past: An old-fashioned Powerade bath, the kind Elvis Andrus used to splash on hitters after every win.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

“Well, somebody had to do it,” Semien said.

ADVERTISEMENT

Yes, indeed. Somebody needed to do it. The Rangers needed to have a little fun. Since Jung was lost for three months with a wrist fracture four games into the season, it’s appeared the game has taken maximum effort and has provided little joy. As a defending World Series champion, they’ve often looked like a team burdened by the crown. If the season had been designed by an architect, you’d swear he came from the brutalist school.

Related:Watch: Josh Jung blasts walk-off home run in extras, wins it for Texas Rangers

The win gave the Rangers back-to-back walk-offs. That hasn’t happened since July 31-August 1, 2021 against Seattle. Not that those wins provided much joy in a 102-loss season. Those wins got the team to within 29 games of .500. At least .500, as meager a goal as it may be, is still attainable for these Rangers. Having won five of their last six, the Rangers are 65-72 with 25 games to play.

There has not been much joy in Arlington this season. The 2023 Rangers kept loose in the second half by playing cards and turned scarfing down hot dogs into some kind of good luck ritual (much to the chagrin of team dietitian Katie McInnis) and having backup catcher Austin Hedges streak through team meetings. This season has been anything but rollicking.

ADVERTISEMENT

Nobody has had it harder than Jung, who took a Phil Maton fastball off his wrist on April Fool’s Day and found out the hard way: Surgery is no prank. The offense badly missed Jung’s bat. The entire roster missed his ebullient presence in the lineup. The Rangers are a team of hard workers, but it can often look like they are on an assembly line, not a baseball diamond.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas Rangers' Josh Jung, second from left, celebrates with Carson Kelly (18) and other teammates after hitting a three-run home run in the 10th inning of a baseball game against the Oakland Athletics, Sunday, Sept. 1, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/LM Otero)(LM Otero / AP)

Jung returned on July 30, but he’s been searching for his bat for the whole month. Against fastballs, he’d been almost defenseless, putting up a .226 batting average and .542 OPS on the pitch in August with strikeouts in 27.4% of his at-bats. Compare that to his 2023 numbers on fastballs: A .291 average, .984 OPS and 24.3% strikeout rate.

“It’s just been inconsistent in the box,” Jung said. “I’ll find my swing and then lose it quickly and I don’t know to hit and chasing stuff in the dirt. It has nothing to do with the wrist or anything. It’s just baseball, trying to get my feet back underneath me. It’s still a work in progress every day.”

When he did put the ball in play, too often he pulled grounders to the left side. He’s at his best when he can drive the ball the opposite way, which he was so good at coming out of college that scouts wondered if he had enough pull ability.

ADVERTISEMENT

And September hadn’t started out great. When he came to the plate with two outs in the 10th against flame-throwing Mason Miller, he was 1 for 4 on the day with a pair of strikeouts. The two balls he put in play were pulled sharply. Of the two strikeouts, one came looking at a pitch with no outs and two on in the sixth and the Rangers having a chance to add to a 2-1 lead.

“I needed to be more aggressive there,” Jung said.

ADVERTISEMENT

By the time he came up in the 10th, a lot had changed. The A’s tied the score in the top of the ninth, then added two more in the 10th. The Rangers were down to their last out, but García, at 2-2, stayed on a 90 mph slider and lined it up the middle to score Semien, the designated Manfred Man to get the Rangers within a run. Langford fouled off consecutive two-strike pitches, one of them on the outside edge where he’s occasionally been passive, then worked his way to a walk.

Miller, in his second inning of work and past 30 pitches, missed with a slider, then overpowered Jung with a 102.3 mph fastball above the zone to even the count. He went back to the fastball again, but left the pitch on the outer third. Jung was on the pitch and drove it along the right field foul line. He wasn’t sure he got enough so he tried an imaginary “push” of the ball. Whatever. It worked. Ball was caught two rows deep and next to the foul pole by a fan in a red Rangers jersey. It was Jung’s first opposite field homer of the year.

ADVERTISEMENT

The 101.7 mph fastball was the third hardest pitch anybody has hit for a walk-off homer in the Statcast Era (since 2015), according to Baseball Savant. It made for a joyful trip around the bases, a mosh pit at home plate and a Semien splash-bath.

“[Getting the Powerade bath] was kind of cool,” Jung said. “I think winning and having fun are kind of intertwined. So, yeah we’re having a good time. That was really fun.”

ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

ADVERTISEMENT

Click or tap here to sign up for our Rangers newsletter.

By Evan Grant

Evan has covered the Rangers since 1997. He has twice been named one of the top 10 beat writers in the country by the AP Sports Editors. His passions outside of covering baseball are his wife, Gina, his two step kids, two crazy dogs & barbecue. Let's not discuss the cat. Evan graduated from Georgia State University, but oddly is a Georgia fan.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
The Social Security Fairness Act: New law is a $200 billion boondoggle
2
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
3
As Dallas wine bar closes, owner cites challenges like Dry January and Ozempic
4
Why is Jerry Jones dragging out Cowboys coaching decision with Mike McCarthy?
5
Breaking down the books: A full accounting of Dallas Cowboys player salaries
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2024/09/01/texas-rangers-walk-off-win-provided-something-thats-been-missing-in-2024-fun/ 
 ----- 
