Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Texas Rangers Slugger Explains Reaction to Walk-off Home Run
Josh Jung’s season has been a struggle, but his home run on Sunday may have put the Texas Rangers third baseman on the right track.
Matthew Postins | Sep 2, 2024
Sep 1, 2024; Arlington, Texas, USA; Texas Rangers third baseman Josh Jung (6) is doused with water by second baseman Marcus Semien (2) after Jung hits a game winning three run walk-off home run during the tenth inning against the Oakland Athletics at Globe Life Field. / Jerome Miron-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
Texas Rangers

ARLINGTON — Josh Jung’s walk-off home run against the Oakland Athletics on Sunday wasn’t the no-doubter some might have thought. At least it wasn’t to him.

“I was trying to push it — I wasn’t really trying to make it stay fair, I was just trying push it,” the Texas Rangers third baseman said of his reaction to his 10th inning, walk-off home run. “I was just trying to push it. I didn’t know what was going on. I just wanted it to leave the yard.”

It did, and the Rangers walked away with a 6-4 win with a second straight walk-off victory. It’s a bit sweeter when it’s a home run, though, especially for Jung, who has been through the wringer this season.

He missed most of the first four months after suffering a broken wrist after he was hit by a pitch at Tampa Bay during the first full week of the season. His surgery revealed an injury that was worse than the Rangers expected and once he was medically cleared he had setbacks related to soreness with the wrist.

The wrist isn’t sore anymore, but getting back into a rhythm has been slow for the second-year pro. He’s not certain he’s totally turned the corner yet. He’s still lunging at pitches he normally takes. His power has been tantalizing close to consistency and then it goes away.

Sunday’s slam was just his fifth home run of the season.

“It’s just inconsistency in the box,” Jung said. “I’ll find my swing, and then all of a sudden I’ve lost it and I don’t know how to hit and I’m chasing stuff in the dirt again.”

Jung had what he felt were a couple of quality at-bats before that on Sunday. But his home run off Athletics All-Star closer Mason Miller was one of those hits that just went along for the ride.

It traveled just 348 feet and hugged the right field foul pole. Miller’s pitch was 101.7 mph and it is now the fastest pitch off which a Rangers batter has homered in the Statcast era (beg. 2015).

Jung has always had opposite field power. It is part of what makes him such a dangerous hitter. After a rookie season in which he batted .266 with 23 home runs and 70 RBI, his batting average for this season in 32 games is .260. He’s quickly found the ability to make contact.

But his slugging is down 40 points from last year, as is his on-base percentage.

Perhaps that explained Jung’s celebration at the plate with his teammates. It was a release from the everyday struggle of getting back on track. He even received something that’s been a rarity this year — a Powerade bath post-game, provided by, of all people, second baseman Marcus Semien.

Perhaps Semien knew his younger teammate needed the encouragement after what has been a tough season.

“It’s a positive thing,” Jung said. “It puts things in the right direction.”

Published Sep 2, 2024
MATTHEW POSTINS

Matthew Postins is an award-winning sports journalist who covers the Texas Rangers for On SI and also writes about the Houston Astros, Chicago Cubs and Philadelphia Phillies. He also covers the Big 12 for HeartlandCollegeSports.com.

Follow postinspostcard

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/rangers/texas-rangers-slugger-explains-reaction-to-walk-off-home-run 
 ----- 
