Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
Es noticia:
Matthew Stafford wife
Jayden Daniels
Jason Kelce
Magic Johnson Commanders
Super Bowl 2025
Arch Manning
Deion Sanders
Angel Reese
Pete Alonso
Roki Sasaki Dodgers
Alcaraz - Nishioka
Coco Gauff
Makhachev vs Topuria
IShowSpeed
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student Loan Debt
Social Security Benefits
SSI Income Limit
IRS Free File Trax Credits
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NCAA
News
College Basketball
College Football
NCAA
Arch Manning makes magic happen for Texas and fans call for him to start over Quinn Ewers

The latest from the Manning family's quarterback dynasty finally got his chance to shine and he didn't disappoint

Arch ManningLAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 31/08/2024 - 18:54 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NCAA. Move over, Arch Manning: Different redshirt freshman QB takes SEC by storm with historic performance
NCAA. Arch Manning's future could take a shocking turn after Drew Brees' bold statement

The quarterback nephew of Peyton and Eli Manning, Arch Manning started a new season with the NCAA Texas Longhorns and people were hoping he would get some playing time. His Texas Longhorns side currently has starting quarterback Quinn Ewers instead of him but Arch would get a chance if his team was having a dominant game. By the third quarter, the Longhorns were already obliterating Colorado State with a scandalous 38-0 result and Manning got his chance to play. He did not disappoint but the touchdown pass he gave to Oregon State transfer Silan Bolden with a hand-off pass for a 5-yard touchdown.

MORE in MARCA
Ben Affle ck spot...
Marca
Jennifer Garne...
Marca

Even his first play was pretty impressive as Arch rolled to his right and found Johntay Cook down the middle for a flashy 40-yard catch and run. It was two plays after that when the Longhorns found a new touchdown. But that wasn't all, Arch also scored his first career rushing touchdown on the following Longhorns possession. During his freshman season as the Longhorns' No. 3 QB, Arch only saw a few minutes in two games and was 2-of-5 passing for only 30 years just last season. Maalik Murphy's exit made Arch No. 2 QB and he is now stepping on Quinn Ewers' toes.

A hard task for Arch Manning

But there's a reason Quinn Ewers is No. 1 QB right now, he was one of the best players of the entire Week 1 as he led the team to be 38-0 before Arch Manning replaced him and made the party even bigger. Ewers threw 3 touchdown passes with one interception for 260 yards. Arch threw for 96 yards for one TD pass and that rushing touchdown he also scored. Both QBs excelled today but Arch Manning has a rough season ahead of him playing from the bench. The Longhorns program is one of the best in the country, they attract some of the most talented young athletes every year.

Arch Manning - English
Texas Longhorns - English
NCAAF - English
NCAAArch Manning's future could take a shocking turn after Drew Brees' bold statement
NCAAArch Manning and Quinn Ewers are engaged in a silent battle before Texas Longhorns season begins
BoxingOscar de la Hoya roasts Floyd Mayweather's ref fiasco and Canelo ducking opponents
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Trump's plans to use force to take...
Marca
Taylor Swift make s trade for Travis...
Marca
Bad eruit en veilig douchen? Binnen...
Vergelijk Portaal
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Senioren zweren bij deze verborge...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/ncaa/2024/09/01/66d3ad2222601d34218b4589.html 
 ----- 
