SABC Sport

We and 440 TCF partners and other partners process personal data such as cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data. Some partners may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest. View a list of partners to see the purposes they believe they have legitimate interest or and how you can object to it. 

We and 440 TCF partners and other partners may use your data for the listed purposes, you can manage your choices by clicking Manage Options. 

You can change your settings at any time, including by withdrawing your consent, by clicking the cog icon at corner or the link at bottom of the page.

Purposes
Store and/or access information on a device
Develop and improve services
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, and audience research
Special Features
Use precise geolocation data
Manage Options
Agree and proceed
Powered by
UniConsent
Watch SABC Sport
T20 World Cup: Proteas prepare for blockbuster fixtures in Super 8 stage

By
Doug Mattushek

17th June 2024

The Proteas' fixtures for the Super 8 stage of the 2024 T20 World Cup have been confirmed.

With the 40 matches of the Group Stage now complete, the top two teams of each of the four groups advance to the Super 8 stage. All matches from here on out will take place in the West Indies proper.

The undefeated Proteas earned a place in Group 2, along with defending champions England, as well as co-hosts West Indies and the USA.

The first match of the Super 8's sees South Africa face tournament surprise package USA at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in Antigua on Wednesday 19 June. The US outfit defeated Canada in the tournament opener and then Pakistan via a Super Over, helping them sneak into the Super 8's.

Ad

The Proteas then face reigning T20 World champions England in St Lucia on 21 June in what is sure to be a thrilling fixture.

Finally, a day/night match rounds off the Proteas' Super 8 campaign when they face hosts West Indies back in Antigua on 24 June.

The top two teams from each of the Super 8 groups will advance to the semifinals of the global showpiece, with the final taking place on 29 June in Bridgetown.

Proteas' Super 8 fixtures, all times SAST:

19 June 2024 - 16:30
United States v South Africa
Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, North Sound

21 June 2024 - 16:30
England v South Africa
Daren Sammy Cricket Ground, Gros Islet

24 June 2024 - 02:30
West Indies v South Africa
Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, North Sound

READ MORE: We were nowhere near our best - Aiden Markram

Proteas
England
West Indies
Related News
Proteas looking to be more 'clinical and ruthless' with WTC final secured
Proteas coach Shukri Conrad after epic Test victory: 'You can't script that'
Proteas book place in World Test Championship Final after thrilling win over Pakistan
Marco Jansen puts Proteas in driving seat but Pakistan hit back with late wickets
Editors Pick
Game management key ingredient in Cardoso’s perfect Sundowns start
Proteas book place in World Test Championship Final after thrilling win over Pakistan
UWC coach Thinasonke Mbuli reveals CAF award nomination shock
Miguel Cardoso highlights commitment in maiden Mamelodi Sundowns win
Shabalala carries a lot of responsibility at Kaizer Chiefs &ndash; Nasreddine Nabi
Ad
Our Sports
All Sports
Soccer
Cricket
Rugby
Other
Media
Live TV
TV Schedule
Radio
Podcasts
Help & Support
About SABC Sport
Contact Us
Consent Settings
Social

Digital advertising by Planet Sport Group
About the SABC
Contact Us
Jobs
Tenders
Advertise
Disclaimer
SABC Board
Press Releases

© 2024 SABC

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sabcsport.com/cricket/news/t20-world-cup-proteas-prepare-for-blockbuster-fixtures-in-super-8-stage 
 ----- 
