SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
ASIAN CUP
JAPAN BEAT VIETNAM IN SIX-GOAL THRILLER AT ASIAN CUP
Japan beat Vietnam in six-goal thriller at Asian Cup
Reuters,
14.01.2024 13:40
Updated 14.01.2024 13:50
Japan had to lift their levels in the second half to see off Vietnam
Reuters
Japan came from behind to beat Vietnam 4-2 in their Asian Cup Group D opener in a thrilling encounter on Sunday at the Al Thumama Stadium where five goals were scored in the first half and Takumi Minamino grabbed a brace.

Japan, four-time champions who last won the Asian Cup in 2011, were shocked into action when Vietnam took a 2-1 lead before the Samurai Blue cut their south-east Asian opponents down to size with two goals just before halftime.

Vietnam's initial resistance when the game kicked off lasted all of 10 minutes before Japan scored, with Minamino being in the right place at the right time to pounce on a rebound and guide it through a crowd of players into the net.

But Vietnam shocked Japan with an equaliser five minutes later from a corner when Nguyen Dinh Bac - running away from goal - directed a glancing header that looped over the keeper and into the net at the far post.

As the game opened up and with both sides creating chances, it was Vietnam who took the lead from another set piece when Bui Hoang Anh headed the cross to the far post where Japan keeper Zion Suzuki failed to deal with it and Pham Tuan Hai fired home.

The goal sparked wild celebrations and Vietnam coach Philippe Troussier, who is no stranger to Japan having guided them to the title in 2000, allowed himself a wry smile when they went 2-1 up.

Japan - Vietnam player ratings
Flashscore

But their lead did not last long either as Minamino scored again before halftime when he was released into the box by skipper Wataru Endo, with the AS Monaco midfielder guiding a low shot past the keeper.

Japan rediscovered their urgency and quickly restored their lead just before going in for the break when Keito Nakamura scored a fantastic goal from the edge of the box, curling his shot into the top corner past the keeper's outstretched hand.

The goal took the sting out of Vietnam and they failed to muster attacks in the second half as Suzuki cut a lone figure in Japan's half with most of the action on the other side of the pitch.

Japan then put the game out of reach when Ayase Ueda scored their fourth in the 85th minute before they saw out the game, sealing the three points for Hajime Moriyasu's side.

Check out all the match stats with Flahscore.

MENTIONS
Football
Asian Cup
Takumi Minamino
Dinh Bac Nguyen
Tuan Hai Pham
Wataru Endo
Keito Nakamura
Ayase Ueda
Japan
Vietnam
Zion Suzuki
Viet Anh Bui Hoang
Related Articles
Top 10 players of the Asian Cup: Son, Kim and other household stars take centre stage
12.01.2024 10:20
2023 Asian Cup in Qatar: All you need to know about fixtures and dates
11.01.2024 15:12
Son set to light up the Asian Cup as Qatar takes centre stage again
10.01.2024 08:32
Show more
Football
Transfer News LIVE: Aston Villa in talks for Malen, Saliba being tracked by Real Madrid
11 min ago
Updated
EXCLUSIVE: Scout who discovered Viktor Gyokeres details Swede's rise to stardom
53 min ago
New AC Milan manager Sergio Conceicao puts family ties on hold ahead of Juventus clash
1 h ago
Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti not expecting runaway leader in LaLiga title race
2 h ago
Fabian Hurzeler says new signing Diego Gomez needs 'time' before making Brighton debut
3 h ago
Premier League Team of the Week: Salah continues form as Watkins and Delap impress
3 h ago
Premier League Player of the Week: Alexander-Arnold stars for Liverpool at West Ham
4 h ago
Rangers' Jack Butland absent for Old Firm derby after internal bleeding in leg
7 h ago
Mikel Arteta heaps praise on Arsenal's Ethan Nwaneri after display against Brentford
7 h ago
Thomas Frank satisfied with Brentford performance against Arsenal despite defeat
9 h ago
Most Read
PDC World Championship state of play: Wright charges as Littler continues to struggle
Transfer News LIVE: Aston Villa in talks for Malen, Saliba being tracked by Real Madrid
Michael van Gerwen reaches World Championship semi-final with thrilling win over Callan Rydz
Luke Littler reaches high level again and knocks out Nathan Aspinall
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Dobey - van Gerwen
Bunting - Littler
Djokovic - Opelka
Axelsen - Lee
Popov - Christie
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
FOOTBALL SCORES
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Tottenham - Liverpool
Liverpool - Accrington
Manchester City - Salford
BASKETBALL SCORES
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
Baskonia - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Anadolu Efes
Panathinaikos - Virtus Bologna
Paris - Barcelona
Partizan - Maccabi Tel Aviv
Real Madrid - Bayern
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-25 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-asian-cup-japan-beat-vietnam-in-six-goal-thriller-at-asian-cup/4t8OUiuf/ 
 ----- 
