THURSDAY, JANUARY 02, 2025 | RAJAB 1, 1446 H
BROKEN CLOUDS
OMAN
22°C / 22°C
LOGIN | SUBSCRIBE
     
 
SPORTS
 / 
FOOTBALL
Japan survive Vietnam scare to start Asian Cup title bid
PUBLISHED: 8:38 PM, JAN 14, 2024
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Group D - Japan v Vietnam - Al Thumama Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 14, 2024 Vietnam's Le Pham Thanh Long in action with Japan's Takumi Minamino. REUTERS
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Group D - Japan v Vietnam - Al Thumama Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 14, 2024 Vietnam's Le Pham Thanh Long in action with Japan's Takumi Minamino. REUTERS
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Group D - Japan v Vietnam - Al Thumama Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 14, 2024 Vietnam's Le Pham Thanh Long in action with Japan's Takumi Minamino. REUTERS
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Group D - Japan v Vietnam - Al Thumama Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 14, 2024 Vietnam's Le Pham Thanh Long in action with Japan's Takumi Minamino. REUTERS
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Group D - Japan v Vietnam - Al Thumama Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 14, 2024 Vietnam's Le Pham Thanh Long in action with Japan's Takumi Minamino. REUTERS
SHARE
Listen

DOHA: Asian Cup favourites Japan survived a scare in their tournament opener on Sunday against Vietnam before winning 4-2 in a roller-coaster clash.




Hajime Moriyasu's side are looking for a record-extending fifth Asian title and looked set for a comfortable start to their campaign in Qatar when Takumi Minamino gave them an 11th-minute lead.




But Vietnam, who are coached by Japan's 2000 Asian Cup-winning boss Philippe Troussier, turned the game on its head with two goals midway through the first half.




Japan came roaring back before half-time, Minamino scoring a second before Keito Nakamura curled home a sublime effort to send them into the break with the lead.




The second half was a far more sedate affair until Japan substitute Ayase Ueda made the win safe with a fourth goal in the 86th minute.




Japan and Vietnam met in the quarter-finals of the last Asian Cup in 2019, with Japan winning 1-0 before losing to Qatar in the final.




Japan's midfielders #08 Takumi Minamino and #13 Keito Nakamura fight for the ball with Vietnam's midfielder #11 Nguyen Tuan Anh during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group D football match between Japan and Vietnam at the Al-Thumama Stadium in Doha. AFP




Moriyasu left Kaoru Mitoma out of his matchday squad as the Brighton winger continues his comeback from an ankle injury.




Real Sociedad forward Takefusa Kubo started on the bench but Minamino showed that Japan still had plenty of attacking talent when he opened the scoring early in the first half.




Yukinari Sugawara drilled a ball into the box that deflected off a Vietnam defender and former Liverpool attacker Minamino pounced on the rebound.




Vietnam hit back four minutes later when Nguyen Dinh Bac glanced a looping backwards header over a stunned Japanese defence from a corner.




And more was to come when Vietnam took the lead in the 33rd minute.




Defender Bui Hoang Viet Anh got his head to a free kick swung into the far post and Japan goalkeeper Zion Suzuki could only parry his effort into the path of the onrushing Pham Tuan Hai, who stuffed the ball home.




Japan's midfielder #08 Takumi Minamino celebrates after scoring his team's first goal during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group D football match between Japan and Vietnam at the Al-Thumama Stadium in Doha on January 14, 2024. AFP




There was still time for Japan to turn it around before the break.




First, Liverpool's Wataru Endo picked out Minamino in the box and the Monaco forward rolled a precise first-time shot just inside the far post.




Then Nakamura put Japan back in front with a jaw-dropping strike from the edge of the box in first-half injury time.




The tempo dropped significantly in the second half but Ueda notched Japan's fourth with a well-taken strike with just minutes remaining.




Indonesia play Iraq on Monday in the other opening game in Group D. — AFP




Oman Observer is now on the WhatsApp channel. Click here

SHARE ARTICLE
Oman
Governorates
Health
Transport
ROP
Education
His Majesty
Environment
Tourism
Labour
Community
Weather
Business
Economy
Markets
Banking
Energy
Aviation
Cars
Property
Tourism
Features
Lifestyle
Arts
Culture
Food
Travel
Fashion
Photography
Films/Tv
Books
Music
The Opera
Weekend
Sports
Football
Tennis
Cricket
Motor Sports
Athletics
Golf
NBA
Other Sports
World
Region
Americas
Europe
Asia
Africa
Australia
Opinion
Oman
Business
International
SCITECH
Science
Technology
Web Specials
Classifieds
About Us
 
Contact Us
 
Work With Us
 
Privacy Policy
 
Terms and Conditions
 
Advertise with Us
 
Subscribe
 
RSS
Oman Daily Observer
Copyright © 2025 Ministry of Information,
Sultanate of Oman
All Rights Reserved.
FOLLOW US
     
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.omanobserver.om/article/1148210/sports/football/japan-survive-vietnam-scare-to-start-asian-cup-title-bid 
 ----- 
