HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFC ASIAN CUP

AFC Asian Cup 2023: Japan vs Vietnam: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 12, 2024 at 12:53 PM
Modified at :
January 13, 2024 at 6:11 AM

Waseem

0
0
The Samurai Blue are heavy favourites to win the AFC Asian Cup 2023.

Japan will begin their 2023 AFC Asian Cup campaign with a fixture against Vietnam on 14 January 2024 at the Al-Thumama Stadium. The four-time winners of the AFC Asian Cup are looking to end a wait of 13 years and finally lift the trophy after finishing as runners-up in the previous edition.

Vietnam are a huge underdog heading into the fixture and will hope to cause a major upset in their opening game of the 2023 AFC Asian Cup. There is a gap of 77 places in terms of FIFA rankings between Japan and Vietnam, which shows how the odds are in favour of the Samurai Blue.

Having said that, tournaments of this stature have a habit of producing jaw-dropping upsets. As the Group D fixture between two nations with differing ambitions nears, here is a look at what to expect:

Kick-off

Sunday, 14 January 2024, 11:30 AM GMT at the Al-Thumama Stadium in Al-Thumama, Qatar.

Form

Japan (all competitions): W-W-W-W-W

Vietnam (all competitions): L-L-W-L-L

Players to Watch
Takefusa Kubo (Japan)
Kubo will be Japan’s main attacking threat at the AFC Asian Cup 2023.

Japan are an extremely entertaining attacking team that has sensational players who can hurt any opposition. One of the players to watch out for is Takefusa Kubo. The Real Sociedad midfielder has scored six times and provided four assists at the club level already this season. He often plays in the No.10 role for the Samurai Blue and creates opportunities aplenty for his teammates. His speed and dribbling quality also make him a tricky operator to contain. Vietnam defenders would ideally like to keep him silent in the upcoming fixture.

Nguyen Van Toan (Vietnam)
Van Toan has 58 caps for Vietnam. (Courtesy: VnExpress International)

Nguyen Van Toan is one of Vietnam’s most experienced players. The forward loves to play in various roles in the forward line but prefers the No.9 spot. He can hurt the opposition with his intricate finishing capabilities. Japanese defenders must not allow him any space inside the box. The 28-year-old has 58 caps for the national team with seven goals, and he looks hungry for more heading into the AFC Asian Cup in Qatar.

Match Facts
Japan are on a 10-match winning streak ahead of the game against Vietnam.
Vietnam are ranked 94 while Japan are ranked 17 in FIFA rankings heading into the 2023 AFC Asian Cup.
Japan have never lost to Vietnam before in men’s football.
Head to Head

Total Matches Played – 5

Japan wins – 4

Vietnam wins – 0

Draws – 1

Predicted Line-up
Japan (4-2-3-1)

Suzuki (GK), Tomiyasu, Machida, Sugawara, Ito, Endo, Morita, Ito, Kubo, Asano, Ueda

Vietnam (3-4-3)

Trieu (GK), Thanh, Binh, Phan, Anh, Trong, Van Thanh, Son Nguyen, Van Toan, Tien Linh, Hai Pham

Match Prediction

Japan are not only the favourites to win against Vietnam but also the favourites to win the 2023 AFC Asian Cup. They should breeze past the Golden Star Warriors.

Prediction: Japan 6-0 Vietnam

Telecast for Japan vs Vietnam

India – Sports 18, Jio Cinema

Japan – Dazn

Vietnam – FPT Play

Qatar, Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria, Yemen, Oman – BeinSports, Alkass

United Kingdom, Ireland, France, Belgium, Netherlands – Triller TV

Australia – Network 10

For worldwide broadcast information, click here.

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Whatsapp & Telegram.

Latest News
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Top 10 goalkeepers with most clean sheets in 2024
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Cl

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-indian-football-afc-asian-cup-japan-vs-vietnam-preview 
 ----- 
