Skip to main content
SHOP
TICKETS
Canada

Soccer

News
Teams
Leagues
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Featured

NFL

NBA

NHL

Soccer

Sports
NFL
NBA
NHL
MLB
Soccer
Curling
WNBA
NCAAF
NCAAMB
NCAAWB
Boxing
MMA
WWE
Golf
Tennis
F1
NASCAR
More Sports
Explore More
Fantasy
Betting
Watch
Tickets
EDITIONS
Canada
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
India
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Japan vs Vietnam prediction, odds, betting tips and best bets for Asian Cup group stage match
Kyle Bonn
01-13-2024
•
5 min read
Getty Images

Tournament favourites Japan get their 2023 Asian Cup journey underway as they take on Vietnam in the group stage of this year's competition.

With one of the continent's most talented sides, Japan has not won the Asian Cup in over a decade, triumphing in 2011 but failing to reprise that finish in each of the last two tournaments.

After the Samurai Blue sprung a pair of stunning upsets in the 2022 World Cup group stage but failed to make good on that promise in the knockout round, they are hoping to secure their place as AFC's most fearsome side.

The journey begins against 94th-ranked Vietnam, who surprised the continent with a quarterfinal appearance in 2019 and should not be taken lightly. They were, fittingly, beaten by Japan in that final-eight appearance, impressing in a 1-0 defeat that saw Ritsu Doan's 57th-minute penalty just enough to squeak the favoured side through.

CANADA: Click here to see the latest odds for Japan vs Vietnam and bet on Asian Cup matches

SOCCER TIME IS BET TIME. JOIN CANADA'S SPORTSBOOK

PLAY NOW
Japan vs Vietnam prediction, odds
Moneyline lean: Japan (-50,000)
Score prediction: Japan 2-0 Vietnam

Japan has shown an ability to rip opponents to shreds, but they aren't the same high-flying side in competitive fixtures as they sometimes can be in friendlies.

Throughout the 2022 calendar year, Japan scored four goals against Paraguay and Ghana in international friendlies, but between six matches across World Cup qualifying and the World Cup itself, they never scored more than two in a single game, including a 1-1 qualifying draw with Vietnam. In 2023, they won 5-0 in both their competitive games, but those were in matches against lowly Myanmar and Syria.

Vietnam, meanwhile, is defensively stout and should manage to keep the match in check, even if victory is highly unlikely. There's no moneyline value on this match to speak of unless you want to back Vietnam to spring a surprising upset as they did two years ago. It's not likely enough to be worth the risk.

 	Sports Interaction
(Canada)
Japan win	-50,000
Draw	+2200
Vietnam win	+9000
Both teams
to score Y/N	+600 / -1200
Over / Under
4.5 goals	+110 / -155
Japan
-3.5 goals	-160
Vietnam
+3.5 goals	+115
Japan vs Vietnam match facts
Date: Sunday, Jan. 14, 2024
Kickoff Time: 2:30 p.m. local (6:30 a.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. UK)
Location: Al Thumama Stadium (Doha, Qatar)
Last meeting: Japan 1-1 Vietnam (Mar. 29, 2022 | World Cup qualifying)
Japan vs Vietnam: best bet
Pick: Under 3.5 total goals
Odds: +135 (Sports Interaction)

Getting plus odds to back Vietnam to keep a lid on this match and not get blown out is an enticing prospect.

They conceded more than two goals in a single match just once through the entirety of 2023, in a 6-0 drubbing by South Korea in a friendly. Vietnam has not conceded more than two goals in a competitive match since January of 2022 when they were beaten 4-0 by Australia in World Cup qualifying. Since then, they've conceded just seven goals in 13 matches, albeit against mostly lower-ranked opposition.

Japan, meanwhile, can at times find themselves bogged down when asked to possess the ball at length and break open bunkered opposition, instead preferring to play on the counter against more possessive opponents. They blew out Thailand 5-0 in their pre-tournament friendly on New Year's Day, but Vietnam will be more difficult to pick apart.

Japan vs Vietnam prop bet
Pick: Takefusa Kubo anytime goalscorer
Odds: -125 (Sports Interaction)

With Japan's main goal scorers sporting brutal odds in this lopsided affair, we have to find others who could present danger that have better value. Takefusa Kubo started the club season with Real Sociedad red-hot but has slowed from a goal-scoring perspective.

Yet with the national team, he's a growing contributor in front of net. He has just three goals in his 29 international caps, but two of those have come in his last six appearances, including his last time out in the 5-0 qualifying win over Syria in November. While Kubo has more creative duties than finishing, he could be a vital participant in this match and pose a threat as Vietnam focuses on the more obvious danger posed by Keito Nakamura, Daizen Maieda, and Ayase Ueda.

If Karou Mitoma plays, he's another great shout with -105 odds, but he is dealing with an ankle injury, and while he just returned to training, he may be held back from starting this match, with bigger, more important games on the horizon.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through one of the links on our site, we may receive compensation. Learn more >

Author(s)
Kyle Bonn

Kyle Bonn, is a Syracuse University broadcast journalism graduate with over a decade of experience covering soccer globally. Kyle specializes in soccer tactics and betting, with a degree in data analytics. Kyle also does TV broadcasts for Wake Forest soccer, and has had previous stops with NBC Soccer and IMG College. When not covering the game, he has long enjoyed loyalty to the New York Giants, Yankees, and Fulham. Kyle enjoys playing racquetball and video games when not watching or covering sports.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NFL Teams
NBA Teams
MLB Teams
Soccer Teams
Partners
NBA
SuperDraft
Copyright @ 2024 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/ca/soccer/news/japan-vs-vietnam-prediction-odds-betting-asian-cup-group/de5f9ce14762f3a9f39cbffa 
 ----- 
