Light
Home
News
Teams
Premier League
F365 Favourites
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
News
England’s Starting XI Has Played Over 1200 More Minutes Than Spain’s In Germany
England’s starting XI has played over 1200 more minutes than Spain’s in Germany
Dave Tickner
14 Jul 2024 7:40 AM
2
England starting XI ahead of their semi-final against the Netherlands.

A lot of players in a lot of teams have looked pretty weary in Germany this summer. None more so than England, who have nevertheless managed to drag themselves to the final.

But they have looked far more tired than a Spain side full of youthful vim and vigour. And a quick glance at the total minutes played this summer by the two expected starting XIs is really quite stark…

In-stadium VAR announcements to be...
Carra: Salah on course for Ballon d'Or...
Carra, Nev and Smith praise Southgate...
Robins: I'm forever grateful for...
The Verdict: Arsenal 'not feeling the...
Why Lewis-Skelly is shining for Arsenal
Moyes: Upbringing played huge part in...
Neville: Southgate gave fans hope again...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
'Certainly not looking to help other...
Lennon: Celtic thrashing like a 'clip...
Silva admits Man City can't win the...
<
>

 

England predicted starting XI v Spain

 

Jordan Pickford (600 minutes)
Mr Never Lets England Down has once again Not Let England Down while adding another layer of sheen to his penalty shoot-out reputation.

 

Kyle Walker (600 minutes)
Still very quick, still trusted entirely and innately by Gareth Southgate when major tournament time comes around. Whether at right-back or right centre-back, Walker is an absolute staple of England in major tournaments under this regime. Impossible to imagine it any other way, even if we surely soon must.

 

Ad

John Stones (600 minutes)
Quietly having an excellent tournament in Germany having been short of football coming on. On which basis we can’t really grumble too much about him now being tired having been so concerned he was undercooked a month ago. Has to balance out, surely? He should be in ideal fettle.

 

Marc Guehi (480 minutes)
Got himself a rest against Switzerland after a second yellow card of the tournament against Slovakia. In ‘everything turning out okay in the end’ fashion, a smart decision from a man who has been pleasingly excellent for England here.

 

Ad

Bukayo Saka (546 minutes)
That’s very nearly 10 minutes of rest per match, on average, so that’s far more than the poor overworked bastard is generally used to with either club or country.

 

Declan Rice (600 minutes)
Really did look quite tired against the Netherlands. Still, the good news is that there’s nothing about Spain’s midfield to suggest he’s going to be really, really busy on Sunday night.

 

Kobbie Mainoo (301 minutes)
There are some advantages to Southgate taking quite so long to see what was right in front of his nose.

 

Kieran Trippier (453 minutes)
Reports suggest Trippier will start again in the final, and if he makes it to half-time before Southgate presses the Luke Shaw button then things are probably going just about okay for England. Does add significant minutes to the starting XI, though.

Content continues below

Ad

 

Jude Bellingham (581 minutes)
Got a whole four minutes off in the opening win against Serbia, which feels about 470 years ago now, and then sat out the second half of extra-time against Slovakia as England opted – just about successfully – to sit on what they rather fortuitously had at that point of a night that really could have gone down in England infamy before Bellingham got so ludicrously involved as the clock ticked down.

 

Phil Foden (533 minutes)
Gareth Southgate still might not be entirely sure how to get the very best out of Foden, but he’s certainly not about to give up trying. Started every game, withdrawn late on in three of them. The late changes to get Trent Alexander-Arnold on with five minutes left against Switzerland and Cole Palmer with 10 minutes remaining against Netherlands certainly paid off.

Harry Kane (545 minutes)
The fact Kane has twice been removed with penalty shoot-outs a very live possibility tells you a) England now have lots of very good penalty takers and b) Kane definitely isn’t fully fit. By the time he was removed against both Switzerland and Netherlands he could barely run and he has been operating way below his best throughout the tournament. The fact that despite this nobody has scored more goals than him in this tournament says plenty.

Total minutes: 5839 (531 minutes per player)

 

Spain predicted starting XI v England

 

Unai Simon (480 minutes)
The best No. 23 in the game and one of the very many Spain players to benefit from sitting out the final group game with top spot already secured.

 

Dani Carvajal (381 minutes)
The Real Madrid man bagged himself a cheeky double rest, sitting out the moot final group game against Albania and the semi-final against France after getting himself sent off against France. Also came off nine minutes from the end of the last-16 game with Georgia.

 

Robin Le Normand (360 minutes)
Suspended for the semi-final after a couple of yellows, retains his neat overall minutes having played the first half of the quarter-final against Germany and the second half of the group game that time forgot against Albania.

Content continues below

Ad

 

Aymeric Laporte (435 minutes)
On the bench for the opening game of Spain’s tournament against Croatia but has missed only one half of the Albania game since then, while also avoiding any of that card unpleasantness that has dogged his fellow defenders.

 

Marc Cucurella (456 minutes)
His form has been one of the stories of the tournament in Germany and even the minutes he’s missed this tournament show just how important he has become to Spain. Sat out the Albania game with so many other key starters before being withdrawn three-quarters of the way through the win over Georgia in the last 16.

 

Rodri (476 minutes)
As ever, the Man City maestro was a step ahead of his peers. While most of his first-choice compatriots were rested for the dead rubber against Albania, Rodri made sure he would have no involvement in the game by getting booked in both Spain’s first two games. Hasn’t missed a minute since then, obviously, but has picked up another booking, also obviously.

Content continues below

Ad

Despite serving a ban, Rodri has still racked up more game time than any other Spain outfielder, but less than eight of England’s.

 

Fabian Ruiz (453 minutes)
Standard first-choice Spain player fare here as well. Sat out the Albania game, withdrawn late on a couple of times.

 

Lamine Yamal (419 minutes)
The boy wonder is now a 17-year-old veteran. Who knows what diminishing impact his advancing age will have on him during the final? They even made him play a bit of the Albania game, on the not unreasonable basis that 16-year-olds don’t really get tired. How England cope with him – or more likely don’t – is going to be a huge part of this final.

 

Dani Olmo (341 minutes)
The tournament’s joint-leading scorer has only actually started two games – and one of those was the Albania game where Spain left their big guns out. Having scored in every knockout round – and with Pedri injured – Olmo has now become one of those big guns. Won’t win the Golden Boot, though. Kane scoring a meaningless consolation to cut England’s deficit on 80 minutes to win that prize but not the big one is just too on-brand not to happen.

Who will win the Player of the Tournament award at Euro 2024?
Lamine Yamal
Rodri
Jude Bellingham
Other

Nico Williams (406 minutes)
Both Spain’s wingers have had birthdays since the semi-finals. While Yamal is now a wily old 17-year-old, Williams is a positively decrepit 22. How on earth will he cope with the ravaging effects of age and those 400+ minutes in his very old legs? Must have lost half-a-yard, you’d think.

 

Alvaro Morata (385 minutes)
Fit for the final despite picking up what looked like being one of the all-time unlucky injuries when sent flying during the post-semi-final celebrations. His place in Spain’s starting line-up remains controversial to some but is undisputed within the group. He’s started every game in Germany bar the Albania freebie, and even came off the bench in that.

That is also the only game he’s finished during this tournament, though.

Total minutes: 4592 minutes (417 minutes per player)

 

So there it is. England’s likely starting XI in Berlin has played 1247 more minutes during this tournament than Spain’s. It amounts, on average, to an entire extra match plus a good chunk of an extra-time per man.

Which makes sense when you think about it. England have had two extra-times compared to Spain’s one, and unlike Spain passed up the opportunity to wrap up top spot in their group with a game to spare and with it the opportunity to rest key players.

Both teams managed to get through their semi-final without extra-time, although neither exactly had any opportunity to take things easy. Spain’s extra day of rest since those games could also be another factor, though. The last three European Championship finals have all been won by the winners of the first semi-final.

F365 Features
England
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Joe Williams
13 Dec 2024
World Cup draw in full: England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland learn opponents

England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland have learned their opponents for the 2026 World Cup qualification group stage after the draw on Friday.

Home Page
England
1
Joe Williams
03 Dec 2024
Hamann tips Man Utd star to become ‘best in the Premier League’ with Arsenal, Liverpool stars mooted

Former Liverpool midfielder Didi Hamann thinks Man Utd star Kobbie Mainoo “has the potential to become one of the best midfielders in England”.

Manchester United
Didi Hamann
Jason Soutar
30 Nov 2024
Southgate accused of ‘lying’ about Arsenal, England star White: ‘He was being targeted and mocked’

Gareth Southgate ‘basically lied’ about Benjamin White’s absence from the England squad, claims former Premier League striker Darren Bent.

Arsenal
Ben White
20
Joe Williams
27 Nov 2024
Jude Bellingham makes England ‘scapegoat’ claim as ‘whole world was crumbling down’ after Euros

Real Madrid midfielder Jude Bellingham says he felt “like the scapegoat” after England lost the Euro 2024 final to Spain in the summer.

Real Madrid
England
1
Aadam Haladh
19 Nov 2024
England duo take veiled swipe at Southgate as they heap praise on ‘absolute legend’ Carsley

Lee Carsley’s reign as England boss came to an end at Wembley last Sunday as the international break bowed out, with the next fixtures set for March.

Manchester City
England
1
Aadam Haladh
19 Nov 2024
England debutant admits to ‘little brother’ treatment in squad, pleading: ‘hopefully I’ve done enough’

It’s been quite the season so far for Aston Villa’s Morgan Rogers, having made a lively start to his Premier League career, and earning an England call-up

Aston Villa
England
Mailbox
Man Utd have made ‘appalling mis-step’ with Ruben Amorim; it’s Roy Hodgson again
5 hours ago
38
Ruben Amorim
Arsenal ‘plastic fans’ are ‘humiliating themselves’ with Arteta impatience
02 Jan 2025
50
Mikel Arteta
Amorim tactical rigidity not the problem – Manchester United players ‘are knowingly failing to perform’
01 Jan 2025
23
Ruben Amorim
Amorim must stop copying ‘shamelessly negligent’ relegated manager and be more like O’Neill
01 Jan 2025
9
Martin O'neill
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer
Premier League Table
Full Table
#	TEAM	P	W	D	L	GD	PTS

	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


View More
Mediawatch
Arne Slot > Sir Alex as Marcus Rashford ‘not ruling out’ actual employers
1 hour ago
5
Arne Slot
Ruben Amorim
Arsenal dream of truly ‘unbelievable’ four-man transfer spree after first deal ‘sealed’
02 Jan 2025
3
Mo Salah ‘not happy’ after ‘huge update’ that’s not an update at all
23 Dec 2024
2
Mohamed Salah
Rashford slammed for taking ‘flamethrower’ to Amorim relationship as ‘era of tough-nut footballer’ dies with Walker
20 Dec 2024
1
Kyle Walker
Marcus Rashford
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Football365 Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.football365.com/news/england-starting-xi-playing-time-euro-2024-spain-starting-xi 
 ----- 
