Skip to content
Home Sports
Afghanistan beats New Zealand, Canada and Bangladesh at cricket’s world cup
Nicholas Kirton scored 49 off 35 balls to help Canada earn its first win at a T20 World Cup
Associated Press
Jun 8, 2024 8:50 AM
	
	
	
		
Share via Text Message
Previous
Next
1 / 6 Canada’s Aaron Johnson, third from right, is congratulated by teammates after taking the catch to dismiss Ireland’s Curtis Campher for 4 runs during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in Westbury, New York, Friday, June 7, 2024. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)
Listen to this article
00:04:42

Rahmanullah Gurbaz and Ibrahim Zadran shared a second consecutive century stand which led Afghanistan to an 84-run win over New Zealand on Friday and put it in charge of Group C at cricket’s Twenty20 World Cup.

Gurbaz and Ibrahim put on 154 in a 125-run win over Uganda in Afghanistan’s opening match and made 103 for the first wicket in a total of 159-6 as Afghanistan batted first after New Zealand won the toss.

Fazalhaq Farooqi and Rashid Khan both took 4-17 as New Zealand was bowled out for 75 in the 16th over, its fourth-lowest T20 total.

Earlier Friday in Dallas, Nicholas Kirton scored 49 off 35 balls to help Canada earn its first win at a T20 World Cup by 12 runs over Ireland. In the third match Friday in New York, Bangladesh beat Sri Lanka by two wickets with six balls remaining in a tense match, consigning Sri Lanka to its second consecutive loss in Group D.

Gurbaz and Ibrahim are only the third pair and first openers to post back-to-back century partnerships at a Twenty20 World Cup. They stayed together until the 15th over Friday when Ibrahim was out for 44 from 41 balls.

Gurbaz finally was out in the 20th over, having made 80 from 56 balls with five fours and five sixes. The Afghanistan innings contained nine sixes and 10 fours.

“We were waiting for this match for the last three years,” Gurbaz said. “We played them at the World Cup three years ago and they beat us. Finally we beat them. We had the trust and belief in ourselves from the very start.”

New Zealand came into the tournament as one of the favorites after reaching at least the semifinals at the last six white-ball World Cups — 50-over one-day internationals and Twenty20 matches.

But it also came into its opening match with no local warm-up match and with most players having been inactive for some time. That showed in the field where their performance featured dropped catches, overthrows and misfields.

“Afghanistan outplayed us in all facets of the game,” New Zealand captain Kane Williamson said. “From our perspective it wasn’t good enough in terms of starting a tournament. Very frustrating.”

CANADA BEATS IRELAND

Nicholas Kirton helped Canada score 137-7 in 20 overs after it was put into bat. Shreyas Movva also contributed 37 runs. In reply, Ireland was restricted to 125-7 with medium pacers Jeremy Gordon and Dillon Heyliger taking two wickets each.

Canada is competing at the T20 World Cup for the first time, and lost its opening game to the United States. The U.S. followed that win with a huge upset victory Thursday over Pakistan.

“It was a good wicket to bat on, except a couple of patches in the middle,” Kirton said. “It was important to get set and bounce back from defeat in the first game.”

Kirton hit three fours and two sixes, following on from the 51 he scored against the U.S. He put on 75 off 63 balls with Movva for the fifth wicket – a partnership that turned the game for Canada.

BANGLADESH IN TIGHT WIN

Bangladesh opened its campaign with its two-wicket win over Sri Lanka in a match which became much closer than it should have been.

Sri Lanka posted 124-9 batting first but lost its last seven wickets for 54 runs in just over 11 overs. Opener Pathum Nissanka top-scored with 47 from 28 balls.

Bangladesh seemed to be coasting to victory at 109-5 in the 17th over, needing 16 runs from 28 balls. Towhid Hridoy made 40 from 20 balls and Litton Das 30 from 38 to set Bangladesh up for what seemed likely to be an easy win.

But wickets tumbled and the task became more treacherous. Maheesh Theekshana pulled off a brilliant catch at fine leg to dismiss Shakib Al Hasan and Nuwan Thusara took wickets with consecutive balls in the 18th over.

Veteran Mahmudullah stayed calm amid the chaos to steer his team home, making 18 as Bangladesh chased 11 runs from the last two overs. Mahmudullah hit a six from the first ball of the 19th over and the winning run came from an overthrow.

The Associated Press

Breaking News You Need To Know

Sign up for free account today and start receiving our exclusive newsletters.

Sign Up with Google
Sign Up with Facebook
 or 
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Create a password
 Sign Up
Already registered? Click here to login
Have a story/tip?
	
	
	
	
		
Share via Text Message
More Sports
	Canadian world junior captain Brayden Yager on ‘mesmerizing’ time with Crosby
	Highs of gold, lows of broken bones recap 2024 for Kelowna Olympic sprinter
	Kadri nets winner as Calgary Flames beat struggling Canucks 3-1
Facebook Comments (0) 
Clean-energy supply expands with new solar project near Logan Lake
Is Vancouver’s downtown eastside being uplifted or gentrified?
BestDates
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Dating for Senior Singles
Striking workers lose Canada Post pride as they return to work
Williams Lake woman collects cash for cats, despite allergies
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Quesnel's Brett Festerling to become analyst for Seattle Kraken
Coast Mountain News
Canada should prepare for spring election, whether it includes Trudeau or not
Coast Mountain News
Dating for Senior Singles
Share your feelings and emotions with someone.
BestDates
|
Sponsored
Read More
Not a typical dating platform
Share your feelings and emotions with someone.
BestDates
|
Sponsored
Read More
Cyprus investments might be cheaper than you think
Investments Cyprus | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
RANCH MUSINGS: Joyous times this holiday
Coast Mountain News
Conservative Party of Canada to call for no-confidence vote by late January
Coast Mountain News
Studies Show: Your Pillowcase Affects Skin More Than Night...
Blissy
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Pantone Color of the Year: 6 Mocha Mousse Fashion Picks...
21 Ninety
|
Sponsored
Dating for Mature Singles
Share your feelings and emotions with someone.
Meetwithmature
|
Sponsored
Read More
B.C. artist and activist Joe Average dies at 67
Coast Mountain News
Clean-energy supply expands with new solar project near Logan Lake
Coast Mountain News
Enhance Tech Efficiency Orego n: [Find Out]
Automated help desk software that works best
Next Gen AI
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Williams Lake woman collects cash for cats, despite allergies
A woman in Williams Lake wants to help cats, even if she can't pet them
Cariboo community rallies to bring Bella, incredible lost dog, home
The hope is that those who have not seen Bella's story yet can help in c...
MOST POPULAR
B.C. mayor gets calls from across Canada about ‘crazy’ plan to recruit doctors
Coast Mountain News
MOST POPULAR
Trudeau weighs his options as his path to stay on as prime minister narrows
Coast Mountain News
THE MOJ: Is the worst over for the Canucks?
Vancouver Canucks head coach Rick Tocchet hopes that the worst i...
Pay for hand-picking fruit in B.C. going up 3.9%
Rates increase on Dec. 31 alongside the new minimum wage
Is Vancouver’s downtown eastsi de being uplifted or gentrified?
‘Citizen science’: Birders see changing land scapes, climate in 125th count
Coast Mountain News
Genetic testing helps B.C. hereditary cancer survivor break the cycle
Coast Mountain News
U.S. says murder hornets wiped out, not confirmed in B.C. since 2021
Coast Mountain News
No Christmas joy on Canada Post picket line in Penticton
Coast Mountain News
YOUR VOTE MATTERS
Looks like you have voted in all of our community polls. Here are links to some of the most recent:

Which transportation issue affects you the most?

Archives >

TODAY IN B.C.
Man arrested after attempted armed robbery at Holt Renfrew in Vancouver
B.C.’s southern resident orcas welcome new calf but mourn loss of another
B.C. assault victim’s stepdad livid man charged has already been released
Search for B.C. hiker delayed by friends amid outstanding warrant: RCMP
B.C. ringing in new year with home-flipping tax, with income tax rebate on the way
More from Today in B.C. >
Coast Mountain News
About Us
Contact Us
Advertising
Support Centre
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Join our Team
News
Local News
Newsletters
Subscribe
Today in BC
Canadian News
World News
Entertainment
Sports
Business
Trending Now
Opinion
Submit News Tips
Neighbours
100 Mile House Free Press
Ashcroft-Cache Creek Journal
Barriere Star Journal
Coast Mountain News
Clearwater North Thompson Times
Quesnel Cariboo Observer
Williams Lake Tribune
More
Good News
Our Community
Public Notices
Video
Photo Galleries
Travel
West Coast Traveller
Cannabis
Today's Home
Podcasts
Food
Life
Contact Us
Contests
Puzzles
Contests
Shop
Impress Stories
Savvy Shopper
Impress TV
The Business Directory
Add Your Business
Flyers
E-Editions
Classifieds
All Classifieds
Book a Print Ad
Auto
Driver’s Seat
Garage Talk
Jobs
LocalWork
Join Our Team
Obituaries
Celebrations of Life
Funeral Care Services
In Memory
Place an Obituary
Social Media
Today in BC
Youtube
© 2025 Coast Mountain News and Black Press Media Publications Contact
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.coastmountainnews.com/sports/afghanistan-beats-new-zealand-canada-and-bangladesh-at-crickets-world-cup-7377002 
 ----- 
