Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Chourio homers, Montas pitches 6 scoreless innings as Brewers shut out Giants 3-0
1 of 7 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ Jackson Chourio, right, hits a two-run home run during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Thursday, Sept. 12, 2024. (AP Photo/Kavin Mistry)

2 of 7 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ Jackson Chourio, left, celebrates after hitting a two-run home run during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Thursday, Sept. 12, 2024. (AP Photo/Kavin Mistry)

3 of 7 |  

San Francisco Giants pitcher Camilo Doval throws to a Milwaukee Brewers batter during the seventh inning of a a baseball game in San Francisco, Thursday, Sept. 12, 2024. (AP Photo/Kavin Mistry)

4 of 7 |  

San Francisco Giants shortstop Brett Wisely, left, throws out Milwaukee Brewers’ Joey Ortiz at first base during the fifth inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Thursday, Sept. 12, 2024. (AP Photo/Kavin Mistry)

5 of 7 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ Willy Adames, left, scores on a wild pitch by San Francisco Giants pitcher Camilo Doval during the seventh inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Thursday, Sept. 12, 2024. (AP Photo/Kavin Mistry)

6 of 7 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ Frankie Montas pitches to a San Francisco Giants batter during the first inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Thursday, Sept. 12, 2024. (AP Photo/Kavin Mistry)

7 of 7 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ Frankie Montas pitches to a San Francisco Giants batter during the first inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Thursday, Sept. 12, 2024. (AP Photo/Kavin Mistry)

BY  EMILY OHMAN
Updated 5:51 AM UTC, September 13, 2024
Share

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Jackson Chourio hit a two-run home run, Frankie Montas pitched six scoreless innings, and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the San Francisco Giants 3-0 on Thursday night to take another step toward winning the NL Central.

The Brewers, who hold a nine-game lead over Chicago in the division, took two of three from the Giants and reduced their magic number to seven.

The game was scoreless until Milwaukee’s Willy Adames reached base with a walk in the seventh and rounded the bases on three Camilo Doval (5-2) wild pitches. Milwaukee added to the lead when Chourio hit a two-run shot to right off Spencer Bivens in the eighth, scoring Brice Turang after he reached on an infield single.

“Opposite field at this park is unheard of to begin with,” Brewers manager Pat Murphy said. “It still takes a pretty good shot to get it out of here.”

The 20-year-old Chourio became the youngest player with a 20-homer, 20-stolen base season in MLB history.

“He already is a really good player, but I think he’s going to be one of the greatest for sure,” Montas said of Chourio. “He’s one of a kind.”

Chourio exchanged a signed bat with the fan who caught his historic home run ball.

RELATED STORIES
Yankees acquire All-Star closer Devin Williams from Brewers
Mets and RHP Frankie Montas finalize $34 million, 2-year contract
Brewers manager going to miss departing shortstop Willy Adames: 'Losing this guy, whew'

The Giants had the tying run on base with one out in the ninth after Mark Canha singled and Jerar Encarnacion doubled to left off Brewers closer Devin Williams. Williams responded by striking out Grant McCray and forcing pinch hitter Patrick Bailey to ground out for his 11th save.

The Giants had a runner in scoring position six times and never plated a run.

There were only four hits in the game — two for each side — through six innings as Montas (7-10) struck out eight and San Francisco starter Hayden Birdsong struck out four in five innings.

“He’s not afraid of the big moment either, so that’s what’s fun,” Murphy said of Montas. “These guys have high hopes, but we got a long way to go.”

No runner advanced past second base until Adames scored.

The Giants had a chance to take the lead in the fourth after consecutive two-out walks, but Montas got Encarnacion to line out to right. Curt Casali added a one-out double in the fifth but was stranded.

Aaron Ashby and Trevor Megill pitched scoreless innings for Milwaukee before Williams entered in the ninth.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Brewers: Reliever Enoli Paredes was activated from the 60-day injured list after missing over two months with forearm pain. LHP Rob Zastryzny’s season is over after being placed on the 60-day injury list for elbow tendinitis which has sidelined him since July. Giants: RHP Robbie Ray is expected to participate in warmups ahead of Friday’s game to assess his ongoing left hamstring pain. Leadoff hitter Tyler Fitzgerald was pulled from the game early due to lower back tightness.

UP NEXT

The Giants will host a series against the Padres on Friday with Dylan Cease (12-11, 3.71 ERA) on the mound for San Diego. San Francisco has not named a starter.

___

AP MLB: https://www.apnews.com/hub/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Free IQ Test
:
Advertisement
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Charges against men accused of shooting at Black FedEx driver dismissed
Anita Bryant, a popular singer who became known for opposit ion to gay rights, dead at age 84
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be...
A judge has ruled that a Wisconsin woman who stabbed her sixth grade classmate t...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As...
Eliminate Glare and Reduce Eye Fatigue.
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates historical...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Former first lady Michelle Obama didn't attend the state funeral for former Presi...
AP News
Trump can still vote after senten cing, but can't own a gun and...
President-elect Donald Trump doesn’t have to go to jail, pay a fine or perform...
AP News
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
3 Simple Steps to Use Cinnamon for Lower Blood Sugar
Longevity Portal
Advertisement:
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito says he spoke with Trum...
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito spoke with President-elect Donald Trump abou...
AP News
Appeals court denies bid to block public release of special...
A federal appeals court has denied a bid to block the public release of special couns...
AP News
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Play Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/brewers-giants-score-1e06423f62d99fe55677111f00a9f482 
 ----- 
