SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS

Early offense powers Giants to demolition of Brewers

Sep 12, 2024, 7:15 AM | Updated: 7:27 am

(Photo by Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images)

Share 

BY FIELD LEVEL MEDIA




Sactown Sports

Jerar Encarnacion, Mike Yastrzemski and Matt Chapman homered as part of a 17-hit attack, leading the San Francisco Giants to a 13-2 blowout of the visiting Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday.

Blake Snell rebounded from a poor outing with five strong innings as the Giants (72-74) leveled the three-game series at one win apiece.

After Snell pitched a 1-2-3 top of the first, the Giants wasted no time jumping on Brewers starter Colin Rea, with Tyler Fitzgerald lashing the right-hander’s second pitch for a double.

Jerar Encarnación goes oppo taco 🌮 pic.twitter.com/XDG6vm2NgZ

— SF Giants on NBCS (@NBCSGiants) September 12, 2024

Giants vs. Brewers recap

Encarnacion capped a four-run uprising with a two-out, two-run homer, his fourth of the season.

San Francisco made it a blowout with four more runs in the second. Again a double — this one by Patrick Bailey — got it going. Fitzgerald recorded his second double in two innings to knock in a run, and Yastrzemski made it 8-0 with a three-run home run, his 15th.

Rea (12-5) remained in the game and served up a two-run homer to Chapman, his 24th, in the fourth. Milwaukee’s winningest pitcher left after completing the inning, charged with 10 runs on 11 hits, with one walk and one strikeout.

Snell (3-3) coasted through his outing, allowing a single run on back-to-back doubles by Blake Perkins and William Contreras in the third. The left-hander, pulled after one inning on Sept. 5 against the Arizona Diamondbacks, limited the Brewers to four hits. He struck out eight and walked two.

Austin Warren and Sean Hjelle combined for four innings of two-hit relief, finishing off the Giants’ third win in four games.

The Brewers (83-62) scored once off Warren in the seventh on an RBI single by Andruw Monasterio.

Fitzgerald finished with three hits and three runs for the Giants, whose double-figure scoring output was their first since July 26 against the Colorado Rockies. Bailey also had three hits.

Yastrzemski drove in four runs and Encarnacion knocked in three. Each had two hits, as did LaMonte Wade Jr.

Wade drove in two runs, while Marco Luciano scored twice after entering the game as a pinch hitter. Both hit an RBI double as the Giants capped their scoring in the ninth with Milwaukee first baseman Jake Bauers on the mound.

The loss was the fifth in the last seven games for the Brewers, whose lead in the National League Central remained at 8 1/2 games as the Chicago Cubs lost 10-8 to the Dodgers in Los Angeles.

–Field Level Media

What is the upcoming San Francisco Giants Schedule?
Tuesday, September 10th-Thursday, September 12th – vs. Milwaukee Brewers
Friday, September 13th-Sunday, September 15th – vs. San Diego Padres
Tuesday, September 17th-Thursday, September 19th – @ Baltimore Orioles
Friday, September 20th-Sunday, September 22nd – @ Kansas City Royals
Monday, September 23rd-Wednesday, September 25th – @ Arizona Diamondbacks
Friday, September 27th-Sunday, September 29th – vs. St. Louis Cardinals
End of 2024 regular season

Thank you for reading SactownSports.com. Follow us on Twitter and Google News, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.

Newsletter
Share 
San Francisco Giants

Brenden Nunes

Report: Justin Verlander agrees to one-year deal with San Francisco Giants

3 days ago

Field Level Media

D-backs, Corbin Burnes agree to 6-year, $210M deal

11 days ago

Field Level Media

Report: 3 MLB teams paying bulk of record $311M in luxury taxes

15 days ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Report: Giants still in on Corbin Burnes, but the price has changed

24 days ago

Brenden Nunes

Willy Adames says Buster Posey is “the biggest reason” he signed with Giants

29 days ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Report: Giants ‘heavy favorites’ for Corbin Burnes

29 days ago

Early offense powers Giants to demolition of Brewers

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Email Story


CONTACT US
FOLLOW ON FACEBOOK
FOLLOW ON TWITTER
JOB OPENINGS
ARIZONASPORTS.COM | DENVERSPORTS.COM | KSLSPORTS.COM | SACTOWNSPORTS.COM | SEATTLESPORTS.COM
AIM DIGITAL AGENCY
© 2025 BONNEVILLE INTERNATIONAL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY | DO NOT SELL MY DATA
EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT | COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT | LICENSING
FCC APPLICATIONS | FCC PUBLIC FILE
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc.. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sactownsports.com/mlb-san-francisco-giants-milwaukee-brewers-home-run-recap/ 
 ----- 
