X
NBA
Today
3:30 AM
SAS
(18-19)
LAL
(20-16)
Today
8:00 PM
MIL
(20-16)
NYK
(25-14)
Today
8:00 PM
DEN
(22-15)
DAL
(22-16)
NFL
Final
PIT
14
BAL
28
Today
6:00 PM
DEN
(0-0)
BUF
(0-0)
Today
9:30 PM
GB
(0-0)
PHI
(0-0)
NHL
Final/OT
TB
2
NJ
3
Final
VAN
3
TOR
0
Today
10:00 PM
TB
(22-15-3)
PIT
(18-18-8)
NCAAW
Final
11
TCU
69
TTU
43
HOME
>
MLB
>
NEW YORK YANKEES
Yankees' Anthony Misiewicz Carted Off Field After Taking Line Drive to Head
ERIN WALSH
SEPTEMBER 16, 2023

Maddie Meyer/Getty Images

New York Yankees reliever Anthony Misiewicz was carted off the field during the sixth inning of Friday's game against the Pittsburgh Pirates after taking a line drive to the head.

Pirates second baseman Ji-hwan Bae hit a comebacker toward Misiewicz, who hit the ground after being struck by the ball. He was helped off the field and onto the cart by trainers.

The Pirates scored on a run on the play to tie the game 3-3.

The Yankees announced via X, formerly known as Twitter, that Misiewicz was "alert and oriented" after the incident and was transported to the hospital for further testing.

YES Network
@YESNetwork

Sending good thoughts and vibes to Anthony Misiewicz 👍 🙏 <a href="https://t.co/gu2rMqOzJf">pic.twitter.com/gu2rMqOzJf</a>

Misiewicz began the 2023 season with the St. Louis Cardinals but was sent down to Triple-A before being designated for assignment in March. He never appeared in a game for the big league club.

Since then, Misiewicz has bounced around the league, seeing time with the Arizona Diamondbacks and Detroit Tigers before being claimed off waivers by the Yankees in July and sent to the Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders.

The 28-year-old made his debut with the Yankees on Sept. 10 against the Milwaukee Brewers. He pitched one inning, walking one batter.

Misiewicz also tossed one inning in a Sept. 12 win over the Boston Red Sox, walking one batter and striking out another.

Misiewicz has been a journeyman through his major league career. He was initially drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the 2015 draft out Michigan State and he didn't make his MLB debut until the pandemic-shortened 2020 season.

The former Spartan spent two seasons with the Mariners before joining the Kansas City Royals in 2022. He was eventually designated for assignment by the Royals, making him a free agent entering the 2023 season.

The Yankees entered Friday's game fourth in the AL East with a 74-73 record and well out of playoff contention.

B/R Recommends

Shohei Ohtani Rumors: Star 'Expressed Affinity' for Dodgers, Red Sox, Rangers

Ranking the Top 25 Third Basemen of 2023 MLB Season

Ranking the Top 25 Outfielders of 2023 MLB Season

Report: MLB Cancels Remainder of GM Meetings After Virus Impacts 'More Than 30' Execs

Yankees' Giancarlo Stanton's Agent Responds to Brian Cashman's Remarks About Injuries

MLB Rumors: Yankees Eyeing Jordan Montgomery, Frankie Montas Amid Yamamoto Buzz

Ranking MLB's Newest Free Agents Who Were Non-Tendered at the Deadline

Predicting 1 Trade for Every MLB Team During the 2023-24 Offseason

MLB Rumors: Oakland A's Move to Las Vegas Approved by MLB Owners After Fans' Protests

MLB Rumors: Shohei Ohtani Open to Short-Term Contract with 'Exceedingly High' AAV

AboutAdvertiseContact UsGet HelpCareersSitemapCommunity GuidelinesPrivacyCookie PreferencesTerms Of UseAdChoicesB/R Sports on MAXB/R Creators Program
Copyright © 2025 Bleacher Report, Inc. A Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All Rights Reserved.
Our use of cookies and other technologies
We use cookies on our website to improve your browsing experience. We, ouraffiliates and our 48 partners store and access personal information on your device such as browsing data to gain insight into how the site is being used. You can control your cookie preferences at any time by clicking on the 'Manage Preferences' button.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised content. Create profiles to personalise content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://bleacherreport.com/articles/10089665-yankees-anthony-misiewicz-carted-off-field-after-taking-line-drive-to-head 
 ----- 
