Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
Es noticia:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Golf
News
Golf
Lanny Wadkins took another swing at Phil Mickelson: If it wasn't for golf he'd be gambling in a ditch somewhere

The former Ryder Cup captain is not a fan of the current LIV golfer

Lanny Wadkins criticized Phil Mickelson again on his gambling issuesLAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 14/09/2023 - 21:13 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Golf. From Real Madrid to the virtual golf course... You can now play as Gareth Bale on PGA Tour 2K23
Tennis. Coco Gauff tries to play golf but it doesn't go how she expected

Former PGA Tour star and Ryder Cup captain Lanny Wadkins hasn't minced words when it comes to his recent criticism of golf icon Phil Mickelson.

In a candid interview with 'GolfWeek',Wadkins expressed his disappointment in Mickelson's actions and their impact on the sport.

Wadkins' incendiary comments

The 21-time PGA Tour winner and veteran of nine Ryder Cups, didn't hold back with his sharp remarks about Mickelson's gambling habits, which were brought to light in a book by famed gambler Billy Walters.

In his initial comments on Golf Channel's "Golf Today,"Wadkins stated, "I don't know if there has ever been a more disappointing figure in the game of golf than Phil Mickelson." He went on to express his concerns about Mickelson's actions in recent years, especially his departure from the PGA Tour for LIV Golf.

A month later, Wadkins revisited the topic in an exclusive Q&A with Golfweek, where he reaffirmed his stance. He criticized Mickelson for causing division and friction within the golf community and questioned Mickelson's contributions to the sport.

Wadkins remarked, "If it wasn't for golf, where would Phil Mickelson be? You know, he'd be gambling in a ditch somewhere. So, you know, it's not good. I think he owes more to the game than what he's done."

Mickelson's reputation precedes him

Wadkins further speculated that Mickelson might have been a captain, possibly even a two-time captain of the Ryder Cup if it weren't for his gambling problems.

Mickelson's reputation and standing in the golf world have been marred by allegations of gambling losses close to $100 million and an attempt to bet on a U.S. victory at the 2012 Ryder Cup, in which he was a participant.

MORE in MARCA
Beyoncé and Ja...
Marca
A photo spark...
Marca

Mickelson's response to these allegations was to deny betting on the Ryder Cup and acknowledge his gambling addiction, along with a commitment to therapy.

Wadkins' criticisms have added to the ongoing debate within the golf community about Mickelson's legacy as one of the sport's most celebrated figures.

Golf - English
Phil Mickelson - English
GolfCharlie Woods takes a backseat as Miles Russell dominates USGA spotlight
SoccerUSWNT coach Emma Hayes apologizes for following the American Dream over British stuffiness
BoxingA historic sport could be missing from the Los Angeles 2028 Olympic Games
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Hyundai TUCSON rijden voor €429...
Hyundai
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Stap in de nieuwe Kia EV6. Ontvang...
Kia
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/golf/2023/09/15/6503bd7ae2704ec5448b45e5.html 
 ----- 
