Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
NFL
Bills at Jets thriller on Monday Night Football breaks viewership record

Jets won the first MNF of the 2023 NFL season in an instant classic of a game

Jets celebrate MNF win over BillsLAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 14/09/2023 - 22:03 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Irina Shayk wants to marry Bradley Cooper as Tom Brady runs from commitment
NFL. Dak Prescott vs. Trey Lance: Cowboys exec reveals master plan for QB room

The Monday Night Football game between the Buffalo Bills and New York Jets at MetLife Stadium became a television phenomenon by attracting a record audience of more than 22.6 million viewers, the highest number since ESPN began broadcasting the NFL in 2006, according to Sports Business Journal's Austin Karp.

Jets won the first MNF of the 2023 NFL season in an instant classic of a game. The millions of viewers witnessed Aaron Rodgers' terrible injury on his debut, which happened just four plays into the contest.

Zach Wilson, on Aaron Rodgers injury: "I told him that I love him"@snyjets

They also saw Josh Allen have four turnovers, Breece Hall's spectacular ground game, Zach Wilson's dramatic comeback, and Jets rookie Xavier Gipson returning a punt for the game-winning touchdown in overtime.

The game surpassed the 21.8 million viewers for Brett Favre's Minnesota Vikings versus Green Bay Packers in the 2009 season opener.

Wilson, 24, is the team's starting QB moving forward. The NFL scheduled the Jets for eight nationally televised games, so he'll be highly-scrutinized.

Crunching the numbers

Despite Rodgers' injury, Jets rallied in the fourth quarter to force overtime and win 16-22 on a spectacular 65-yard kickoff return by Gipson.

In viewership, this first MNF of the season posted a 14% increase over 2022 when Russell Wilson and the Denver Broncos faced the Seattle Seahawks, which generated a 19.8 million viewer rating for the first game of Week 1.

MORE in MARCA
Bill Clint on secr...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

By network, this week's MNF breaks down to: 11.7 million viewers who watched the game on ABC, 9.4 million tuned in to ESPN and 1.52 million on ESPN2, which featured the ManningCast alternate broadcast featuring former quarterback brothers Peyton and Eli Manning.

These 22.6 million viewers surpassed several of the most successful sports events of the year in the United States, including the championship game in college soccer, the NCAA Final Four and the Kentucky Derby, plus the Oscar and Grammy Awards, proving the NFL remains the most important league in American sports.

NFL - English
Buffalo Bills - English
New York Jets - English
Aaron Rodgers - English
Monday Night Football - English
New York JetsJets rookie Xavier Gipson is NY's new hero, as predicted by Aaron Rodgers' sidekick
NFLAaron Rodgers, Josh Allen and Daniel Jones churn out worst NFL week in NY history
Kansas City ChiefsPatrick Mahomes thankful for edit button after 'hate' tweet about Aaron Rodgers
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Harry and Meghan Markle, threaten...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ontdek nu de nieu we Nissan Qash...
Nissan Qashqai
Hyundai TUCSON rijden voor €429...
Hyundai
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/2023/09/15/6503c593ca4741d2408b45a1.html 
 ----- 
