Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Slumping Astros in unfamiliar territory: 'We're playing terrible'
Share
Slumping Astros in unfamiliar territory: 'We're playing terrible'
With series loss to Kansas City, Houston will finish with losing record at home
September 24th, 2023

Brian McTaggart

@brianmctaggart
Share

0:00

0:46

HOUSTON -- No player appears more frustrated or upset by the Astros’ puzzling September slump than veteran third baseman Alex Bregman, who has known nothing but winning since reaching the big leagues in 2016. In each of his six full seasons prior to this year, Houston has advanced to at least the American League Championship Series, winning a pair of World Series.

Bregman, whose 86 postgame games played since the start of 2016 are tied with teammate Jose Altuve for the most in the Majors in that span, can’t fathom the thought of missing out on October. The Astros are still clinging to a playoff spot after losing to the Royals, 3-2, on Saturday night at Minute Maid Park, but dropping a second series to Kansas City in a span of 10 days is enough reason for exasperation.

“It feels like we’re playing terrible,” Bregman said. “That’s it. We’re not playing good.”

Games remaining (7): vs. KC (1), at SEA (3), at AZ (3)
Standings update: The Astros (85-70) are in second place in the AL West, 1 1/2 games behind the Rangers (86-68), who beat the Mariners on Friday. Houston leads Seattle (84-70) by a half-game both in the division and for the third AL Wild Card Spot. The Astros hold the season tiebreaker against the Rangers but not the Mariners.

Royals starter Jordan Lyles, who entered Saturday with 17 losses and a 6.43 ERA, held the Astros scoreless for five innings, and Kansas City’s bullpen held off a late charge to send Houston to its eighth loss in its past 11 games, including four to the Royals and two to the A’s -- a pair of 100-loss teams.

Related
With Wagner on cusp, a look back on HOFers with Astros ties

January 10th, 2025

Astros avoid arbitration with Valdez, all 7 other eligible players

January 10th, 2025

Astros add pitching prospect Linskey in trade with D-backs

January 8th, 2025

This 18-inning Astros-Braves marathon is worth a revisit

January 8th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Astros flush with rotation options for 2025

January 7th, 2025

“We just couldn't barrel him up,” Bregman said of Lyles.

The loss dropped Houston 1 1/2 games behind first-place Texas in the AL West, but the club remained a half-game ahead of Seattle for the final AL Wild Card slot.

“It’s like Groundhog Day,” Astros manager Dusty Baker said. “We’re having trouble. We’re playing hard. They’re playing good ball, but we're having trouble pushing runs across -- hitting with runners in scoring position. When we do get them, we’re going to get a bunch of them for a period of time. I just feel that. We’re so close to breaking the game open. Just didn’t get it done.”

On Saturday, the Astros surpassed 3 million fans at Minute Maid Park this season, but they are ensured of having a losing record at home for the first time since 2014. They’re 39-41 at Minute Maid Park, having lost 16 of their past 22 games there. The last division winner to have a losing record at home was the 2001 Braves.

“It’s been weird. It’s been frustrating,” outfielder Chas McCormick said. “I’ve never been in this position before. Every team that's come to play us, they want to beat us badly, and we just don’t want it enough right now. We still have seven games left. If we can capitalize and win tomorrow, it would be huge. It has been surprising; it’s been a tough month, obviously, but you have to give credit to other teams.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

After taking the final two games of a three-game series from the Padres on Sept. 9-10, the Astros had opened up a 2 1/2-game lead in the division and were the favorites to win another AL West crown with nine games remaining against the A’s and the Royals. They’re 2-6 so far in those nine games, with one left against Kansas City on Sunday.

“I wouldn’t say [it’s] surprising,” Bregman said. “If you don’t play good, you’re not going to win. That’s basically it.”

McCormick led off the seventh inning with a Statcast-projected 418-foot solo homer off reliever Collin Snider. Then Kyle Tucker cut the lead to 3-2 with an RBI double in the eighth -- Houston’s only hit with runners in scoring position (1-for-7). The team is batting .200 (17-for-85) with runners in scoring position in its past eight games (2-6).

“If you don’t have opportunities, there’s no chance,” Baker said. “I’m a believer in my team and a believer that the cream rises to the top. We’re close.”

The Astros will close out their 2023 home slate on Sunday before ending the season with a six-game road trip that opens with a huge series beginning Monday in Seattle. Houston is 46-29 on the road this year, and Bregman expects his team to respond like one trying to defend a championship and desperate for another long October.

“I expect to play with fire, play with energy, play hard, prepare, leave it all out on the field,” he said. “That’s all you can do.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Houston Astros

Supervising Club Reporter Brian McTaggart has covered the Astros since 2004, and for MLB.com since 2009.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:15 PM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/astros-lose-series-to-royals-cement-losing-home-record 
 ----- 
