Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Tom Brady coach candidate
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
San Francisco 49ers
NFL insider gives insane take on why Brock Purdy can't be a franchise QB: "Too close to Turdy"

NBC Sports' Mike Florio angered fans and even his co-host with his theory.

Mike Florio's reasoning for not loving Brock Purdy is... interesting.NBC Sports / LAPRESSE
MATIAS WODNER
Actualizado 22/09/2023 - 22:27 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Who is the "most cursed team" in NFL? Jets, Browns and Lions lead the way
NFL. 49ers extend HC Kyle Shanahan and GM John Lynch despite Trey Lance debacle

Brock Purdy has had his fair share of doubters since becoming the San Francisco 49ers starting quarterback during the final stretch of the 2022 NFL season. He doesn't have prototypical size, his arm strength isn't amazing and his accuracy is inconsistent.

Now, his haters have found a new reason to question his future outlook: his last name. At least, that's the case for one person and one person only. Speaking on his show on Friday, while recapping the 49ers win over the New York Giants, Pro Football Talk's Mike Florio unleashed one of the craziest takes we've heard in a while.

Brock Purdy not a good enough name?

"Brock Purdy is just kind of a weird name, it doesn't sound like a franchise quarterback name. Purdy is a little too close to 'Turdy'. I just think people have a hard time looking at that name and saying that's a franchise quarterback."

Mike Florio says Brock Purdy's name "is a little too close to Turdy"NBC Sports / Twitter

His co-host, renowned national columnist Peter King, was absolutely floored by Florio's words. He could have played along and kept the show going, but he couldn't bear to not call out Florio for what he considers "the most ridiculous point you've ever made".

MORE in MARCA
Harry and...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

Many fans on social media have been calling for Florio to lose his job. While this won't get him fired, it's not the first time he's been in the spotlight for the wrong reasons. In fact, it was only a couple of days ago that he floated the idea of the Pittsburgh Steelers not throwing the ball to George Pickens enough in order to avoid paying him a big contract extension in the near future.

That theory seems truly plausible compared to his Purdy analysis. He might have to issue an apology for this one.

NFL - English
San Francisco 49ers - English
Brock Purdy - English
Giants 12-30 49ersBrock Purdy is still undefeated in regular season (8-0) as 49ers dominate Giants on TNF
San Francisco 49ersWhy are 49ers players so good at getting YAC? George Kittle reveals the reason
San Francisco 49ersTrent Williams punches New York Giants player, doesn't get ejected
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Taylor Swift make s trade for Travis...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
【百威旅遊】九州超值選５天～ 2月18、2 6日出發
百威旅遊
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/san-francisco-49ers/2023/09/23/650e5964268e3eec468b45cd.html 
 ----- 
