Arab News Thursday .  January 02, 2025
Search
 
     
LATEST NEWS
Middle-East
Business & Economy
Saudi Football
Saudi Arabia
Bashar Assad poisoned in Moscow: Report
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
VAR calls help UAE spoil Hong Kong’s Asian Cup return
VAR calls help UAE spoil Hong Kong’s Asian Cup return
UAE’s Abdulla Hamad Almenhali, centre, congratulates his teammate Yahya Ali Alghassani, right, after he scored a goal during the Asian Cup Group C soccer match in Doha, Qatar, Jan. 14, 2024. (AP)
Short Url

https://arab.news/8gcad

Game ended in a 3-1 defeat to the United Arab Emirates
Updated 14 January 2024
AFP
January 14, 2024 16:57
10550
     
 Follow

DOHA: Hong Kong’s first Asian Cup match in over 55 years ended in a 3-1 defeat to the United Arab Emirates on Sunday, the returning minnows on the wrong end of three big VAR calls in Qatar.
Two of the UAE’s goals came from VAR-ruled penalties, while a late Hong Kong goal was chalked off after the referee checked the screen.
Coach Jorn Andersen warned his players before the game that the “gap is very big” between themselves and the continent’s footballing elite.
But there was no yawning gulf in class as the tournament’s lowest-ranked side kicked off their campaign.
In their first Asian Cup match since 1968, Hong Kong fell behind just after the half-hour mark.
Referee Muhammad Taqi was called to the pitch-side screen to rule on a possible handball in the box by Hong Kong defender Oliver Gerbig.
After a lengthy check, a penalty was given and duly converted by Sultan Adil.
Hong Kong levelled four minutes after the break, Philip Chan bundling home an Everton Camargo cross.
The UAE regained the lead almost instantly through Zayed Sultan as he slotted into an unguarded net.
With half an hour left, Andersen rolled the dice with an attacking double substitution, sending on forward Stefan Pereira and Michael Udebuluzor.
Hong Kong defender Li Ngai-hoi then survived another VAR scare, his tackle in the box ruled legal.
As the clock ticked down Hong Kong pushed for a second equalizer, their chances helped by the addition of 10 minutes’ stoppage time.
But after a third VAR check against them, the referee pointed once again to the spot and Yahya Al-Ghassani converted.
Hong Kong had the ball in the net one last time, but VAR intervened to deny them.
Group C also contains Palestine and Iran, who play in Sunday’s late game.

       Follow
Topics: ASIAN CUP 2023
You May Also Like
How Air-Cooled Chillers Save Money [Find Out]
Air Cooled Chiller
Saudi Arabia executes 6 Iranians for drug trafficking
arabnews
Pune: Unsold Furniture Liquidatio n 2024 (Prices May Surprise You)
Unsold Furniture | Search Ads
Learn More
Israel’s former defense chief Galla nt quits politics
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 363
Minamino double helps Japan to comeback 4-2 win against Vietnam in Asian Cup
 465
Mohammed Rashid: AFC Asian Cup about more than football for Palestine
Milan boss says injuries will be ‘no excuse’ for not performing in Italian Super Cup
The Italian Super Cup is taking place in Saudi Arabia for a fifth time
Updated 10 sec ago
ARAB NEWS
January 02, 2025 19:57
4
     

RIYADH: AC Milan head coach Sergio Conceicao said on Thursday that injuries and a short training window will be “an excuse” for his side ahead of their Italian Super Cup semi-final against Juventus on Friday.

Speaking at the pre-match press conference in Riyadh, the Portuguese underlined the importance of delivering a top-level performance and taking full advantage of opportunities to secure a spot in the final.

“I would have liked more days to work and more players available, but when I arrived I already knew about this situation,” he said.

“So there are no excuses, heads up. There are still two training sessions to go, we are preparing the match to be incisive, without having too much information in our heads, to try to win.

“Milan is a great club, and its rightful place is at the top. Everyone must work hard to bring joy to our fans in Italy and worldwide. We need to play with offensive aggression against Juventus, aiming to break their defense with teamwork rather than relying on individual players,” he added.

The Italian Super Cup is taking place in Saudi Arabia for a fifth time, and all three matches will be played at the King Saud University Stadium in the capital.

Conceicao said that he was confident in his team’s defensive strength, and dismissed any emotional distraction from the fact that his son, Francisco, will be playing for the opposing team.

He also said that he and his team had received “a warm welcome in Saudi Arabia,” and thanked organizers for that.

French goalkeeper Mike Maignan echoed his coach’s determination and stressed the importance of following tactical instructions and giving their best to meet the expectations of the fans.

Juventus head coach Thiago Motta, meanwhile, emphasized the importance of small details in determining the outcome of the match. He acknowledged the challenges of the knockout format, calling on his team to demonstrate their style and character.

“Our players are eager to compete at the highest level,” Motta said. “The support of our fans will provide a crucial boost in achieving our goals.”

       Follow
Topics: FOOTBALL SOCCER SAUDI ARABIA ITALIAN SUPER CUP AC MILAN JUVENTUS
You May Also Like
15 Most Luxurious Hotel Swimmin g Pools in the World
Theseniormag.com
Learn More
Mother’s fight for education breaks disability stigma in rural Bangladesh
arabnews
20 Women From The 90's That Still Turn Heads
Reporter Center
Bangladesh court again rejects bail for Hindu leader who led ralli es
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 143
37th Italian Super Cup kicks off in Riyadh
 268
Saudi Arabia hosts Italy’s football giants for Italian Super Cup
Al-Ittihad back on top as club mark 97 years of glory
Saudi Arabia’s oldest club head the Saudi Pro League table as they celebrate 97th birthday
Updated 02 January 2025
ALI KHALED AND JOHN DUERDEN
January 02, 2025 15:30
132
     

DUBAI/LONDON: It is fitting that as Al-Ittihad celebrate their 97th anniversary this month, the Jeddah giants are sitting on top of the Saudi Pro League.

The past is impressive. The club was founded on Jan. 4, 1927, and is one of the oldest in Asia. Not only that, but Al-Ittihad are set to join the Club of Pioneers, a global network of historic teams headed by Sheffield FC, the oldest football club in the world that was set up in 1857.

“We are very proud to be the first Arabic country to join the Club of Pioneers on our 97th year anniversary and celebrating our great achievements as the first Saudi Football club. And we look forward to our 100 years and beyond,” Dania Al-Maeena, CEO of Al-Ittihad’s nonprofit organization, told Arab News.

Now they join the likes of Wrexham of Wales, Genoa of Italy and Royal Antwerp of Belgium to become the 32nd member.

The first silverware came all the way back in 1958 with the King’s Cup and Crown Prince’s Cup, starting to fill a trophy cabinet that has become much more packed over the decades.

Fans had to wait until 1982 to celebrate a league championship. Eight more have followed. The most recent came in 2023 when Al-Ittihad were very impressive on their way to lift the title once more and for the first time since 2009.

Any club with such domestic success want to challenge internationally, and the team in yellow and black have done just that. In 1999, fans celebrated the Asian Cup Winners Cup. The big prize, however, was always the AFC Champions League and in that competition, Ittihad have made history.

In 2004, the Red Sea club lost the first leg of the final at home, 3-1 to South Korea’s Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma. Heading into the return game, nobody gave the Saudi Arabians a chance. Yet, in perhaps the most stunning result in the history of Asian club football, Al-Ittihad shocked an expectant home crowd and the continent, by winning 5-0 to take the trophy.

If that was impressive, then so was the following year, as the club were head and shoulders above the rest. In those days, the defending champions joined the competition at the quarterfinal stage.

There was an 8-3 aggregate win over China’s Shandong Luneng and then a 7-0 thrashing of South Korea’s Busan I’Park in the semifinal. The final against 2003 champions Al-Ain of the UAE was a tougher task, but it ended in a 5-3 win over two legs. No team had previously successfully defended the Asian Champions League title.

At the time, the rest of the continent feared a dynasty being established. That did not happen but Al-Ittihad are one of Asia’s biggest and most popular clubs. Joining 50,000 fans at the King Abdullah Sports City is an unforgettable football experience.

None of this is to say that the best days are in the past. As the club enter their 97th year in existence, they are in a very healthy state indeed.

In 2023, the club ended a 14-year wait for a Saudi Pro League title, and though last season did not see a repeat performance, French coach Laurent Blanc has settled extremely well since joining in July.

He has stars including Karim Benzema, N’Golo Kante, Fabinho and Moussa Diaby at his disposal. There is also impressive domestic talent in the form of Saleh Al-Shehri, Abdulelah Al-Amri, Hassan Kadesh and many others.

The future is looking bright. After ending 2024 with nine successive league wins, they are two points clear at the top of the Saudi Pro League. There is still a long way to go but Al-Ittihad are fit for the journey.

       Follow
Topics: AL-ITTIHAD
RELATED
 69
Al-Ittihad celebrates induction into Club of Pioneers
 254
Al-Ittihad down Al-Nassr at the death to stay top of SPL table
37th Italian Super Cup kicks off in Riyadh
Serie A champions Inter Milan take on Atalanta and AC Milan tackle Juventus in bid to make Sunday’s final
Updated 02 January 2025
KHALED ALARAFAH
January 02, 2025 09:45
143
     

RIYADH: The 37th edition of the Italian Super Cup kicks off here today with Serie A champions Inter Milan taking on Atalanta, the Coppa Italia runner-up.

Hosted by Saudi Arabia for the fifth time, the tournament takes place at Al-Awwal Park Stadium until Jan. 6. The Ministry of Sports is the organizer of the event.

AC Milan, second in the Serie A last year, take on Juventus, the Coppa Italia champions on Friday, with the final on Sunday.

The event aligns with Saudi Arabia’s Quality of Life program and the country’s plan to continue hosting major global sporting events.

It reflects the Ministry of Sports’ commitment to achieving the objectives of Saudi Vision 2030.

       Follow
Topics: ITALIAN SUPER CUP
RELATED
 297
Monika Staab steps down as technical director of women’s football in Saudi Arabia
 268
Saudi Arabia hosts Italy’s football giants for Italian Super Cup
Seko Fofana joins French club Rennes after spell in Saudi Arabia
In July 2023, he joined Al Nassr — where Cristiano Ronaldo plays — in the Saudi Pro League
Rennes said Fofana signed a four-and-a-half year deal
Updated 02 January 2025
AP
January 02, 2025 03:11
57
     

RENNES, France: Ivory Coast midfielder Seko Fofana ended his brief spell in Saudi Arabia to sign a long-term contract with French club Rennes on Wednesday.

The 29-year-old Fofana helped Lens to a second-place finish in Ligue 1 in 2022-23, and Rennes hope  he can provide a similar boost for the Brittany club.

Rennes said Fofana signed a four-and-a-half year deal. Financial terms were not disclosed. The team is in 12th place.

“There are some talented players at Rennes and I don't think the club is where it should be,” Fofana said in the team's announcement. “We're going to get the chance to play a series of games and show that the start of the season was below the club's potential. I hope we can turn things around very quick.”

Fofana scored 21 goals and provided 12 assists over 112 appearances for Lens.

In July 2023, he joined Al Nassr — where Cristiano Ronaldo plays — in the Saudi Pro League and then was loaned to Al-Ettifaq six months later.

Fofana previously played four seasons for Udinese in Serie A.

He has made 25 appearances for Ivory Coast and helped the team win the Africa Cup of Nations in February.

       Follow
Topics: SEKO FOFANA
RELATED
SPECIAL
 905
Fofana joins Ronaldo and company as Al-Nassr seek dominance
 188
Burnley sign Chelsea’s Fofana on loan
Arsenal moves up to 2nd place in Premier League with 3-1 win over Brentford
Arsenal extended its unbeaten streak to 12 games in all competitions
Updated 02 January 2025
AP
January 02, 2025 00:40
101
     

LONDON: Arsenal is back into second place in the Premier League and in no rush to add players in the transfer window.
Mikel Arteta’s team beat Brentford 3-1 on Wednesday to leapfrog Nottingham Forest and close the gap on league leader Liverpool to six points.
“If there’s an opportunity, we’ll look at it,” Arteta said of the January window. “I really like my players. I really value what we have, because it’s a lot of quality and a lot of commitment from all of them.”
That includes 17-year-old Ethan Nwaneri, who got his first Premier League start in place of the injured Bukayo Saka. The teenager was involved in second-half goals by Mikel Merino and Gabriel Martinelli.
Bryan Mbeumo put the home team ahead in the 13th minute at Gtech Community Stadium, but Gabriel Jesus made it 1-1 just before the half-hour mark — his sixth goal in the past four games.
Merino scored in the 50th minute and Martinelli added a third three minutes later.
It was Arsenal’s second straight win without Saka, who is likely to be sidelined until at least March. The England winger tore his right hamstring in a 5-1 win over Crystal Palace on Dec. 21.
Arsenal extended its unbeaten streak to 12 games in all competitions.
Liverpool has a game in hand on the Gunners, who play at Brighton on Saturday. Liverpool hosts Manchester United on Sunday.
Brentford remained in 12th place and has lost three of its past four Premier League matches.

       Follow
Topics: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE ARSENAL BRENTFORD
RELATED
 107
Arsenal moves up to second in the Premier League with a 1-0 win over Ipswich
 378
Liverpool host Foxes, Arsenal prepare for life without Saka
Latest Updates
Milan boss says injuries will be ‘no excuse’ for not performing in Italian Super Cup
 4
Bashar Assad poisoned in Moscow: Report
 449
Saudi Arabia closes $2.5 billion Shariah-compliant credit facility for budget financing
 50
Ministry of Culture launches crafts hackathon as part of Year of Handicrafts
 57
Closing Bell: Saudi Arabia’s TASI closes in green at 12,103
 36
Recommended
MIDDLE-EAST
How two civilian deaths highlighted the tragic toll of Middle East conflict
 683
WORLD
How questions of sovereignty and security are fueling instability in the Sahel
 537
SAUDI ARABIA
2024 Year in Review: The events that testified to Saudi Arabia’s transformation
 1191
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.com/node/2441586/football 
 ----- 
