HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFC ASIAN CUP

AFC Asian Cup 2023: United Arab Emirates vs Hong Kong: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 12, 2024 at 2:06 PM
Modified at :
January 13, 2024 at 6:11 AM

Waseem

0
0
Hong Kong are the lowest ranked side in this AFC Asian Cup edition.

The United Arab Emirates and Hong Kong will begin their respective 2023 AFC Asian Cup campaigns by facing each other at the Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar on Sunday, 14 January 2024. 

Both teams find each other in Group C alongside Iran and Palestine. While the UAE are favourites to advance into the next round with Iran, Hong Kong will hope to cause a few upsets and aim to reach the Round of 16 themselves. There are two routes to the knockout stages, one will be to secure either of the top two spots, while the second will be to finish as one of the best third-placed teams in the group stages. 

Hong Kong being the lowest-ranked team in the 2023 AFC Asian Cup is not favoured for a win against the UAE. However, the nature of the tournament is such that an upset can occur when one least expects it. On that note, here is a look at how both the teams shape up before the exciting fixture:

Kick-off

Sunday, 14 January 2024, 14:30 PM GMT at the Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar.

Form

United Arab Emirates (all competitions): W-W-W-W-L

Hong Kong (all competitions): L-L-D-L-L

Player to Watch
Ali Mabkhout (United Arab Emirates)
Ali Mabkhout is the top threat for any opposition at the AFC Asian Cup. (Courtesy: AFC)

Ali Mabkhout is the driving force behind the United Arab Emirates men’s football team. The attacker has 85 international goals in 114 caps for the nation. He will be the main source of goals for the outfit at the 2023 AFC Asian Cup. The 33-year-old might be playing his last-ever Asian Cup and would like to finish on a strong note.

Michael Udebuluzor (Hong Kong)
Michael Udebuluzor plays club football for Ingolstadt 04 II in Germany. (Courtesy: HKFA)

Michael Udebuluzor is one of the two players in the Hong Kong squad who plays club football in Europe. The forward plays for Ingolstadt 04 II in Germany. He already has two goals in five appearances for the Dragons in international football. It will be interesting to see how the 19-year-old handles the pressure of playing at the biggest stage in Asian football for the national team.

Match Facts
Hong Kong (150) is the lowest-ranked team in the 2023 AFC Asian Cup in terms of FIFA rankings.
United Arab Emirates have never won the Asian Cup with their best finish being runners-up in the 1996 edition.
The United Arab Emirates have not lost to Hong Kong in any of the previous three meetings between the sides.
Head to Head

Total Matches Played – 3

United Arab Emirates wins – 2

Hong Kong wins – 0

Draws – 1

Predicted Lineup
United Arab Emirates (4-2-3-1)

Eisa (GK), Sultan, Salmin, Hashemi, Ramadan, Lima, Suhail, Hamad, Canedo, Al Hammadi, Mabkhout

Hong Kong (4-3-3)

Yapp (GK), Law, Gerbig, Li, Sun, Lam, Chan, Tan, Camargo, Orr, Udebuluzor

Match Prediction

Facing the United Arab Emirates, favourites to qualify for the knockout stages from Group C, will likely be too difficult a task for Hong Kong, who are the lowest-ranked team at the AFC Asian Cup.

Prediction: United Arab Emirates 3-0 Hong Kong

Telecast for United Arab Emirates vs Hong Kong

India – Sports 18, Jio Cinema

United Arab Emirates – ADTV

Hong Kong, China – Hoy TV

Qatar, Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria, Yemen, Oman – BeinSports, Alkass

United Kingdom, Ireland, France, Belgium, Netherlands – Triller TV

Australia – Network 10

For worldwide broadcast information, click here.

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Whatsapp & Telegram.

Latest News
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Top 10 goalkeepers with most clean sheets in 2024
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-indian-football-afc-asian-cup-united-arab-emirates-vs-hong-kong-preview 
 ----- 
