Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Dodgers News: Dave Roberts Finally Has Positive Clayton Kershaw Update
Clayton Kershaw looked good in his bullpen session today.
Sarah Morris | Sep 14, 2023
Dodgers News: Dave Roberts Finally Has Positive Clayton Kershaw Update /
In this story:
Los Angeles Dodgers

On Tuesday, Clayton Kershaw looked good in his bullpen session. Manager Dave Roberts addressed the media about Kershaw, and said he's ready to go for Saturday's start against the Seattle mariners.

“It was good,” Roberts said of Kershaw’s throwing session. “He threw his regular low-30s ’pen. He used his entire pitch mix. I think he came out of it well so I feel good about him making that start on Saturday.”

Via Orange County Register

While he said he feels good about the start, he didn't want to put any expectations on it.

“Like I said, I feel good about it,” Roberts said. “I don’t have any expectations on length. I just want him to go out there and get as many outs as he can and I feel good about him making that start and putting us in a position to win a baseball game.”

Via Orange County Register

Since June 27th, Kershaw’s left shoulder has been worrisome. He missed about six weeks with shoulder inflammation.

The first few starts off the IL, Kershaw was dominating, even featuring a new changeup.

However, since with his start against the Arizona Diamondbacks at the end of August, Kershaw hasn't looked like himself. He didn’t have his customary command and his velocity decreased a lot.

Before Kershaw’s start against the Miami Marlins, Roberts revealed Kershaw was pitching with a sore shoulder, but he needed to keep pitching to get better. His start didn’t go very well for his standards, allowing three earned runs in five innings.

The Dodgers decided to skip Kershaw against the San Diego Padres this week. During his off time, he worked with pitching coach Mark Prior to solve a mechanical problem in his delivery and the training staff to get his body stronger. The Dodgers and Kershaw hope his start against the Mariners goes much better.

Published Sep 14, 2023
SARAH MORRIS

Since I was seven, I have been an ardent Dodger fan. My love for the Dodgers fueled me to be my high school baseball statistician for its Junior Varsity and Varsity baseball teams. For seventeen seasons, I was a freelance writer for Major League Baseball Advanced Media writing mainly about the Dodgers. I love writing about the Dodgers and eating.  

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/dodgers/news/dodgers-news-dave-roberts-finally-has-positive-clayton-kershaw-update-sm1970 
 ----- 
