Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Dodgers to present Tommy Lasorda I Bleed Dodger Blue Award to longtime Minor League manager and coach John Shoemaker
Share
Dodgers to present Tommy Lasorda I Bleed Dodger Blue Award to longtime Minor League manager and coach John Shoemaker
Second Annual Honor Presented for Embodying the Hall of Fame Manager’s Passion and Love for the Team.
September 14th, 2023
Share

LOS ANGELES – The Los Angeles Dodgers today announced longtime Minor League manager, coach and mentor John Shoemaker will receive the second annual Tommy Lasorda I Bleed Dodger Blue Award, an honor given to a member of the Los Angeles Dodger community that embodies the passion, enthusiasm and love for the Dodgers that Tommy Lasorda possessed. The award will be presented by Tommy's daughter, Laura Lasorda, during pregame ceremonies on Friday, September 22, before the 7:10 p.m. game against the San Francisco Giants on what would have been Lasorda's 96th birthday. 

“Being selected as this year’s recipient of the Tommy Lasorda I Bleed Dodger Blue Award is an incredibly humbling honor,” said Shoemaker. “The legacy of Tommy Lasorda will live forever, as he was the greatest baseball ambassador the game could ever have. The passion and love for his players, staff, fans and organization was incomparable. I love Tommy Lasorda and I love the Dodgers, and I cherish this recognition.”

The Dodgers drafted Shoemaker out of Miami University of Ohio in 1977 (of note: the Chicago Bulls also drafted Shoemaker in the sixth round of the 1978 NBA draft). In the spring of ’78, Shoemaker had his first encounter with Lasorda. “I was a Minor League player my first Spring Training in 1978,” he said. “We were playing an intrasquad game on Field No. 2 at Vero Beach. … Tommy came over to see who I was and offer his wishes to have a great career.”

Shoemaker played in the organization from 1977-1980, batting .282 with a .394 slugging percentage, before shifting gears in 1981 when Minor League Field Coordinator Guy Wellman called him into his office at Dodgertown and asked Shoemaker if he’d like to become a Minor League coach. Shoemaker has gone on to manage 3,457 games for 29 seasons in the Dodger organization across six levels, winning 1,777 games and three league championships (1996, 2001, 2005) and guiding 12 different teams to the postseason (including this year’s Single-A Rancho Cucamonga Quakes). In 2015, Shoemaker was named the “Captain” of the Dodger Player Development system, and has worn a “C” on his jersey since. Even more importantly, Shoemaker served as an invaluable mentor and tutor of countless Dodger minor leaguers. Under his watch, more than 100 of those prospects developed the excellence and resilience to become Major Leaguers. Also in 2015, Shoemaker won Minor League Baseball’s Mike Coolbaugh Award for showing outstanding baseball work ethic, knowledge of the game and skill in mentoring young players on the field."

“John has been a crucial part of this organization and a big reason why we have been so successful,” said Dodger President and CEO Stan Kasten. “Tommy’s influence on Shoe is so apparent. If you look at the amount of talent that has emerged from his tutelage and mentorship, you can see why he’s our Minor League captain and more than deserving of this award.”

Said Laura Lasorda: “I am so thrilled to present the second annual I Bleed Dodger Blue Award on behalf of my dad to John. He is an exemplary member of the Dodgers’ organization and truly epitomizes the spirit and love of the game like my father.”

Regarded by many as baseball’s most popular ambassador, Lasorda spent 71 seasons in the Dodger organization with Dodger Blue running through his veins. He spent his last 14 years in the organization as the special advisor to the chairman but made his name in Los Angeles at “Blue Heaven on Earth” as the Dodger manager from 1977-95. Lasorda was the fourth skipper in baseball history to guide the same franchise for 20 years, during which he won eight division titles, four N.L. pennants and World Series championships in 1981 and 1988. 

Related
MLB, Los Angeles orgs dedicate 'LA Strong' collection to fire relief efforts

January 11th, 2025

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

January 11th, 2025

Dodgers avoid arb with all but one, exchange figures with Vesia

January 10th, 2025

Dodgers trade Cartaya to Twins for RHP Jose Vasquez

January 9th, 2025

Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

Dodgers deal Lux to Reds for OF prospect, Draft pick

January 7th, 2025

The Dodger legend went on to compile a 1,599-1,439 record as the team’s manager and was elected into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1997. His Hall of Fame plaque reads: “One of baseball’s most engaging personalities and a great ambassador for his sport. Managed Dodgers with an impenetrable passion, claiming to ‘Bleed Dodger Blue’. In his 47th season with the Dodgers organization when he retired as manager. Fourth manager in history to guide same franchise 20 years, during which he won eight division titles, four N.L. pennants and World Series championships in 1981 and 1988. 61 post-season games managed ranks third most in history.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Los Angeles Dodgers
OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/press-release/press-release-dodgers-to-present-tommy-lasorda-i-bleed-dodger-blue-award-to-long 
 ----- 
