Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
History
Rumors
Prospects
AL EAST
AL CENTRAL
AL WEST
NL EAST
NL CENTRAL
NL WEST
About
Follow Us
MLB news: San Diego Padres, Chicago Cubs, St. Louis Cardinals
By
Kevin Henry
|
Sep 14, 2023
Sep 12, 2023; Denver, Colorado, USA; Chicago Cubs right fielder Seiya Suzuki (27) during the eighth inning against the Colorado Rockies at Coors Field. Mandatory Credit: Ron Chenoy-USA TODAY Sports

Let’s take a look at some of the latest MLB news and notes, including tidbits on the San Diego Padres, Chicago Cubs, and St. Louis Cardinals.

San Diego Padres news: Finally breaking through against the Los Angeles Dodgers

In a season where so much has gone wrong for the San Diego Padres, there may be at least one moral victory that came from Wednesday night’s win over the Los Angeles Dodgers at Chavez Ravine. With that win, the Padres took a regular-season series from the Interstate 5 rivals for the first time in their last 13 attempts, so at least there is something to look back at from the 2023 season and smile about if you’re a fan of the Friars.

And yes, the series win was likely meaningless for both the Dodgers and the Padres in the grand scheme of postseason seedings. However, with an off day on Thursday before starting a series in Oakland against the A’s, at least San Diego finally has something to celebrate this season.

MLB news: Are the Chicago Cubs hitting a wall?

Wednesday’s loss to the Colorado Rockies in Denver means the Cubs dropped their second consecutive series and have lost five of their last seven games. They still hold a two-game lead over both Cincinnati and Arizona for the final Wild Card spot, and have an off day on Thursday before starting a critical three-game series in Phoenix against the Diamondbacks. After playing 27 games in 27 days (and going 16-11 during that stretch), the off day couldn’t come at a better time for the Cubs.

Chicago will need to get right ahead of a daunting road schedule that still includes series against the Diamondbacks, Braves and Brewers to end the campaign. Can Chicago right the ship and keep their Wild Card hopes alive?

St. Louis Cardinals news: A big moment in Baltimore

Congratulations to St. Louis starting pitcher Drew Rom, who was brought up through the Baltimore Orioles system but sent to St. Louis as part of the August trade that brought Jack Flaherty to Baltimore. Rom showed the Orioles what they were missing by scattering two hits in Baltimore over 5.1 innings to earn his first MLB win.

The 23-year-old southpaw talked after the game about just how special the moment was.

Rom on getting his first win against his old organization: "Honestly it feels even better doing it this way."

And on striking out friends: "It's going to feel real good shooting some texts out tonight."

Brought to you by your Mid-America Chevy Dealers. https://t.co/4ESrl0L9ks pic.twitter.com/3zc7WM8x8C

— Bally Sports Midwest (@BallySportsMW) September 14, 2023
NEXT: Which teams will fans be rooting for and against this postseason?
Related Topics
Chicago Cubs
San Diego Padres
MLB News
Los Angeles Dodgers
Baltimore Orioles
Colorado Rockies
Home/MLB News
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://calltothepen.com/2023/09/14/mlb-news-san-diego-padres-chicago-cubs-st-louis-cardinals/ 
 ----- 
