Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NBA
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Winners
Los Angeles Lakers
LeBron James, Steph Curry among NBA stars who are exempt from new 'load management' rules

The superstars can rest on back-to-backs with league approval, and here's how

Fans can't believe this isn't Stephen CurryParker Johnson
JB
Actualizado 13/09/2023 - 21:48 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NBA. NBA considers steeper penalties for teams resting star players on national TV
NBA. Giannis Antetokounmpo announces plan to work out with an NBA legend

The NBA is officially stepping in and doing something about the "load management" controversy.

The league's Board of Governors on Wednesday approved new rules -- grouped together as the Player Participation Policy -- to ensure "star players" will be available for nationally-televised regular season and In-Season Tournament games. The NBA is defining a "star player" as made an All-Star team or an All-NBA team within the past three seasons -- and there are 49 such active players in the Association who fit this criteria.

However, there are exceptions to the new policy, specifically for players who are over 35 years old or have played at least 34,000 minutes in the NBA. These players can receive prior league approval to rest in certain scenarios. One such player is LeBron James, the NBA's all-time leading scorer -- and his rival up north, Stephen Curry, the three-point king, is another.

Explaining the new policy

NBA commissioner Adam Silver has long beseeched teams to play their best players in primetime games, as refusal to do so under the guise of "rest" and "load management" dilutes the fan experience.

"This is ultimately about the fans," Silver said. "And that we've taken this too far. This is an acknowledgment that it has gotten away from us a bit."

Modern coaching staffs have been hyper-vigilant in attempting to limit injuries and keep players as fresh as possible for the playoffs after the rigors of an 82-game regular season. The new rules are an attempt to maintain the importance -- and integrity -- of a full season, and to reduce the amount of "meaningless" games or efforts by teams to "tank."

Who else is exempted?
MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Experts warn...
Marca

That said, a handful of stars beyond James and Curry are eligible to rest when healthy. These include Kevin Durant, James Harden, and Chris Paul -- future Hall of Fame players with plenty of miles on the odometer.

Kevin Durant is another superstar who can receive NBA approval to rest.

Durant, who turns 35 later this month, has met a third benchmark for resting when healthy -- over 1,000 combined games of experience between the regular season and the playoffs. Durant has played 1,152 career games, while Harden (34) has played 1,160 and Paul (38) has played in 1,363 NBA games -- all of which he has started.

Los Angeles Lakers - English
Lebron James - English
Golden State Warriors - English
Stephen Curry - English
Kevin Durant - English
James Harden - English
Chris Paul - English
NBALeBron James recruiting Steph Curry, other NBA stars to join him on Team USA
Olympic GamesLeBron James hints he wants to play the 2024 Olympics after FIBA World Cup elimination
FIBA World CupLeBron James trying to recruit Steph Curry and Kevin Durant to Team USA for 2024 Olympics
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/basketball/nba/los-angeles-lakers/2023/09/14/65026819e2704ec5448b4572.html 
 ----- 
