Skip to main content
Sign UpLog In
How to use this site
Home
e-Edition
Willie
News
Opinion
Sports
Life
Extra
Classifieds
Notices
More
Facebook
EDITOR'S PICK
Bobcats top Walhalla on PKs to clinch second place
Eric Sprott Apr 16, 2024 
Facebook
Twitter
Email

Seneca High School's Kaden Jenkins, left, looks to work past Walhalla's Emerson Martinez during their game Monday night in Walhalla.

David Sparks For The Journal
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

WALHALLA — There hasn’t been much separating the Seneca High School boys’ soccer team from Oconee County rival Walhalla this season.

And though the line between the teams may be extremely fine, it’s incredibly significant in terms of playoff seeding, with the Bobcats getting to enjoy some major spoils after sweeping the teams’ season series by the thinnest of margins.

For the second time in a little more than two weeks, Seneca found itself tied at 4-4 with the Razorbacks after 90 minutes of action before emerging victorious thanks to a penalty kick shootout to end the night.

With the victory, the Bobcats (9-7, 6-2 Western 3A) clinched second place in the Western 3A region standings, and with it, an opening-round home playoff game.

“Finishing second in the region is real special,” Seneca coach Julian Davis said. “With Walhalla, they give their best, and we give our best. It was a great game, and as a sports enthusiast like I am, I love watching a soccer game like that that’s just back and forth the whole night.”

After rallying from a 2-0 first-half deficit, the Bobcats won the shootout 4-3, as Seneca’s Dylan Davis came up with a save on the Razorbacks’ opening attempt before the night ultimately ended with Walhalla’s fifth shot missing off the post.

Seneca got a hat trick in regulation from Kaden Jenkins, while Kyler Moorhead also found the back of the net. Jenkins and Moorhead also scored in the shootout for the Bobcats, as did Diego Elias and Hector Palau.

The win came after the teams played to a 4-4 draw on March 28 in Seneca in a game the Bobcats also ultimately won thanks to a 5-4 edge in shootout action.

With the loss, Walhalla (9-6, 5-4) will be the third-place finisher in the region standings and will have to start the playoffs on the road after watching its hold on Monday’s matchup slip away.

“We talk and talk about the games and make sure they’re mentally ready,” Walhalla coach Miguel Resendiz said. “There seem to be times where it seems like they’re ready, but when stuff like this happens, when things don’t go their way, you can see the frustration, and it kind of went downhill from there.”

Walhalla was the aggressor early on Monday, as a quick Dalton Sieracki goal on an assist from Emerson Martinez staked the Razorbacks to a 1-0 advantage just two minutes into the night. Israel Martinez doubled the Walhalla advantage in the 22nd minute before Jenkins notched his first goal five minutes later.

After Emerson Martinez used a soft touch to score off a Jason Vasquez pass in the 30th minutes, Jenkins scored four minutes later to make it 3-2 Walhalla at halftime.

Sieracki scored in the 52nd minute to push the lead back to two goals, but Seneca pulled even thanks to Kyler Moorhead scoring off the rebound of a Jenkins free kick in the 56th minute, followed by Jenkins completing his hat trick just six minutes later.

The teams combined to go scoreless through the final 18 minutes of regulation and two five-minute overtimes before advancing to the shootout, when Julian Davis made the call to sub in Dylan Davis, a junior, for starter Tyler Johnson in the net. While Dylan Davis spent all of last year an much of this season in goal, injuries and other team needs has seen him shift to the outfield as cover.

“Tyler Johnson did great in the goal as a sophomore, and putting Dylan back in the game as keeper during (penalty kicks) was just in my head trying to figure how to put the best people on the field all the time, and that’s exactly what we did in the game with Tyler in the goal,” he said.

While Walhalla is off until they travel to Pendleton on Thursday to close region play, Seneca will be back in action tonight at home in non-region play against Hillcrest with plenty of momentum.

“It was an encouraging win, and it’s a win that gives us hope the rest of the season,” Jenkins said. “It was a good kick starter and confidence booster.”

—

Seneca 4, Walhalla 4 (PKs)

SHS      2 2 (0) (0) (4) — 4

WHS    3 1 (0) (0) (3) — 4

Scoring

First Half

WHS — Sieracki (E. Martinez), 2’

WHS — I. Martinez, 22’

SHS — Jenkins, 27’

WHS — E. Martinez (J. Vasquez), 30’

SHS — Jenkins, 34’

Second Half

WHS — Sieracki, 52’

SHS — Moorhead, 56’

SHS — Jenkins, 62’

Penalty Kicks

SHS — Palau, Jenkins, Moorhead, Elias

WHS — Martinez, Antunez, Vasquez

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Eric Sprott

Sports Editor

Author twitter
 
Author email
 Follow Eric Sprott
Around The Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Premium Nail Clippers for Seniors: Expertly Designed
Ribili
Bariatrician Stunned: Forget Ozempic, This "Fixes" Your Hanging Belly! Try It!
Right Wing Health
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in District of Columbia (Check Zip Code)
Otto Quotes
A 60-year-old Grandmother Designed a Bra for Women That is Popular All Over！
Libiyi
LATEST E-EDITION
LOCAL EVENTS
CONTACT US
upstatetoday.com
210 W North 1st Street
Seneca, SC 29678
Phone: 864-882-2375
Email: info@upstatetoday.com

Facebook
 
e-Edition
SERVICES
Submission Forms
Classifieds
Place an ad
Calendar
Email Alerts
Search
Weather
© Copyright 2024 The Journal 210 W North 1st Street, Seneca, SC  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://upstatetoday.com/sports/high_school/bobcats-top-walhalla-on-pks-to-clinch-second-place/article_5c0b5072-fba8-11ee-94c7-576ea501d615.html 
 ----- 
