Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
The Completely Insane Year of Los Angeles Dodgers Star Freddie Freeman Continued on Friday Night
By reaching the 200-hit mark on Friday night, Los Angeles Dodgers star Freddie Freeman continued to re-write the team record books.
Brady Farkas | Sep 23, 2023
The Completely Insane Year of Los Angeles Dodgers Star Freddie Freeman Continued on Friday Night /
In this story:
Los Angeles Dodgers

The Los Angeles Dodgers lost to the San Francisco Giants 5-1 on Friday night but Freddie Freeman continued his incredible season by making some team history.

Freeman went 2-for-4 with an RBI in the loss and is now hitting .334 this season.

Per ESPN Stats & Info:

Freddie Freeman is the first player in @Dodgers history to record 200 hits, 25 HR and 20 stolen bases in a single season.

The 34-year-old lineup stalwart is one of the best hitters in baseball and will be in the mix for the highly-competitive National League MVP award. He'll be battling it out with teammate Mookie Betts, as well as Ronald Acuna Jr. and Matt Olson of the Braves.

In addition to the 26 home runs, Freeman also has 95 RBI and an OPS of .974.

In his 14th year in the big leagues, Freeman is a .301 career hitter with 318 homers and 1,136 RBI. He's a former National League MVP and is a seven-time All-Star.

The Dodgers are now 94-59 after the loss but have already clinched the National League West. They still have an outside chance at the overall No. 1 seed in the National League playoffs, but trail the Braves by 4.5 games for that distinction.

The Dodgers and Giants will play again on Saturday night. First pitch from Dodger Stadium is set for 9:10 p.m. ET. Clayton Kershaw gets the ball for Los Angeles.

He's 12-4 this season with a 2.52 ERA. The Giants haven't named a starter yet as of this posting.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Check out more Los Angeles Dodgers coverage at Sports Illustrated and FanNation's Inside the Dodgers 

Published Sep 23, 2023
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/freddie-freeman-of-the-los-angeles-dodgers-becomes-first-player-in-team-history-to-have-25-home-runs-200-hits-and-20-stolen-bases-in-a-season 
 ----- 
