Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Tom Brady coach candidate
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
San Francisco 49ers
49ers extend HC Kyle Shanahan and GM John Lynch despite Trey Lance debacle

Robert Griffin III suggested Shanahan and Lynch should be fired after trading Lance

Kyle Shanahan (left) and John Lynch (right)LAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 22/09/2023 - 18:49 CST
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Gisele Bundchen vents about Tom Brady 11 months after divorce, wanted 50-year marriage
NFL. Micah Parsons vs. Bart Scott debate: Is sports media more important than NFL players?

The San Francisco 49ers have extended the contracts of head coach Kyle Shanahan and general manager John Lynch on Friday despite several members of the media questioning their leadership after trading quarterback Trey Lance to the Dallas Cowboys ahead of the 2023 NFL season.

Robert Griffin III, a former NFL quarterback who now works as an analyst for ESPN, suggested Shanahan and Lynch should be fired after trading Lance for a 2024 fourth-round draft pick.

McCaffrey reacts to tying 49ers record with 12th straight TD

What made the trade even worse is they gave up three first-round picks and third-round selection to the Miami Dolphins to move up in the 2021 NFL Draft and draft Lance third overall.

The Dolphins turned those picks into Jaylen Waddle, Tyreek Hill, Bradley Chubb and Channing Tindall.

Griffin III, 33, believes Shanahan and Lynch have not been fired over the Lance debacle due to hitting on Brock Purdy with the last selection in the 2022 NFL Draft.

Kyle Shanahan, John Lynch contract extension details

Shanahan, 43, was previously signed through 2025 and Lynch, 51, only had next season secured in his deal, but both now agreed to multi-year extensions.

San Francisco is coming off back-to-back NFC title games and are nearly three years removed from losing Super Bowl LIV to the Kansas City Chiefs.

MORE in MARCA
Brittany Maho...
Marca
Beyonc é and...
Marca

Their main problem has been at the quarterback position, but having a second-year player starting under center paved way for them to pay some of the best stars in the league, including running back Christian McCaffrey and defensive end Nick Bosa.

Still, trading Lance despite a small sample size of games due to injury after giving up a ton of draft capital to acquire him will haunt Shanahan and Lynch in the future, especially if the QB finds success in Dallas. The only thing that'll make fans forget the failure is winning a Super Bowl.

NFL - English
San Francisco 49ers - English
Kyle Shanahan - English
Trey Lance - English
Dallas Cowboys - English
John Lynch - English
Minnesota VikingsTrey Lance could return home to replace Kirk Cousins if QB leaves Vikings
Dallas CowboysTrey Lance will remain with the Cowboys in 2024, but they will opt not to exercise fifth-year option
San Francisco 49ersKyle Shanahan interviews former Chargers HC Brandon Staley for DC vacancy
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
老協珍x頤宮 【米其林三星級年菜饗宴】限量開賣 ！2025年限定珍稀逸品，限量199組！
老協珍
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/san-francisco-49ers/2023/09/23/650e2251268e3efc4e8b4593.html 
 ----- 
