Times Now
TN Navbharat
Zoom
ET Now
ET Now Swadesh
Times Drive
Health And Me
Digit
Marathi
Telugu
Tamil
Bengali
Kannada
Malayalam
Unilist

Theme

Sports

Pickleball

Padel

Cricket

Football

WWE

Tennis

Badminton

Hockey

Athletics

NBA

MMA

Live Score

TRENDING:

Previous
WTC Final 2025
Sunil Gavaskar
HMPV Outbreak China
Jasprit Bumrah
Delhi Fog
Maha Kumbh Mela 2025
IND vs AUS Live
Rupali Ganguly
South Africa vs Pakistan Live
Mukesh Ambani
Rohit Sharma
Next

News

Sports

Cricket

WATCH: Shakib & Co. survive scare as no-ball drama overshadows Bangladesh's 3-run T20 WC win over Zimbabwe
The ICC Men's T20 World Cup Match No. 28, which was played at the Gabba on Sunday (October 30) between Bangladesh and Zimbabwe, was a thriller. It had everything—suspense, drama, and also a happy ending for the Shakib Al Hasan-led side. The Asian giants won the closely-fought contest by three runs, but only after a slightly unusual no-ball on the final delivery of the innings halted their earlier celebrations.
Harshit Bisht

Updated Oct 30, 2022, 13:05 IST

Bangladesh beat Zimbabwe by 3 runs in T20 World Cup match on Sunday. Picture Credit: Twitter/@ICC

KEY HIGHLIGHTS
Bangladesh beat Zimbabwe by three runs in the ICC Men's T20 World Cup match on Sunday (October 30).
The final ball thriller was overshadowed by the no-ball controversy.
The Bangla players had started celebrating the win, only to be called back later because of a no-ball.
In Match Number 28 of the ongoing ICC Men’s T20 World Cup, giant-killers Zimbabwe were up against Bangladesh at the Gabba in Brisbane on Sunday (October 30). The Group 2 match of the Super 12 stage was a closely fought one but, in the end, Bangladesh managed to secure a narrow three-run win over the Zimbabwe side, which came into this game on the back of a morale-boosting one-run win over Pakistan on Thursday (October 27).
Bangladesh batted first at the Gabba and, riding on opening batter Najmul Hossain Shanto’s 55-ball 71, posted a total of 150 runs on the board for the loss of seven wickets. The total was not a big one, but good enough to make the contest spicy, and that's exactly what happened as well. After Zimbabwe’s four batters, which also included star all-rounder Sikandar Raza, returned back to the dugout inside the first six overs, Sean Williams took the charge and fought till the penultimate over to keep his side in the hunt.
He made 64 runs from 42 balls with the help of eight fours, but got run out on the fourth ball of the penultimate over by Shakib Al Hasan. Bangladesh’s skipper, Shakib, himself, took the charge to bowl the 19th over of the run chase and sent Williams packing via his sensational direct hit. That brought a stunning twist in the game, and in the final over, Zimbabwe were asked to make 16 runs.
Brad Evans, who became a cult-hero against Pakistan by bowling a sensational last over, failed to spill the magic with the bat and got out on the second ball of the final over bowled by Mosaddek Hossain. He attempted to go for a maximum but was caught near the ropes. It appeared like Evans' wicket was the final nail in the coffin that would kick Zimbabwe out of the contest, but instead his dismissal turned out to be a blessing, as in the next two balls, Zimbabwe managed to get a boundary (via leg bye) and a six. Number nine batter Richard Ngarava (6 runs from 3 balls) made use of the smaller boundary area behind the keeper and brought an interesting twist to the game.
Now the equation came down to five required from the final two balls, but the game took another twist on the penultimate ball when Ngarava was stumped out by Nurul Hasan. Zimbabwe needed five from the final ball to win; anything less than a six would have secured Bangladesh's victory, and it only happened that way. Blessing Muzarabani failed to connect the ball and Bangladesh won. The players started celebrations, and the customary handshake was even done, and the players even reached closer to the dugout. But but but, the game was not over yet.
Nurul Hasan’s heroics came back to haunt Bangladesh. Because the stumper collected the ball even before it passed the wicket, it was declared as no ball and Muzarabani survived. It also meant that Bangladesh would bowl one more ball, and that would be the free hit. It was a jackpot for Zimbabwe to seal the game in a dramatic fashion, but for the second time in a row, Muzarabani failed to connect the bat and ball, and this time, finally, after all the drama in the middle, Bangladesh won by three runs.
It was Bangladesh’s second win in three matches and, with four points, they have now moved to the second position in the Group 2 point table. As for Zimbabwe, the situation is now tricky and with three points from as many matches, they sit in fourth position.
Playing in picture-in-picture
Latest News 
Previous
WORLD
When Medal of Freedom Recipient Chef Jose Andres Posed For A Photo With Accused Trump Assassin Ryan Routh
SPIRITUAL
Twin Flame Connection: How To Know If The Union Is Meant For You
WORLD
Mathew Livelsberger Had 'Some Concussion' From Service, Suffered From Depression: Ex-Girlfriend
WORLD
What Happened To Geoffrey Lee? San Francisco Chef Quits Restaurants Amid Message Leak
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Meghan McCain SLAMS Meghan Markle Ahead Of Her Lifestyle Show, Calls It 'Utterly Tone Deaf'
WORLD
Kansas Weather: Blizzard Warning Issued For These Counties
LIFESTYLE
The Origin Of Shirley Temple, A Mocktail That Paid Tribute To Hollywood's Most Iconic Child Actress
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Brenton Wood, Singer Of Oogum Boogum Song Dies At 83
Next

TRENDING:

Previous
GAUTAM GAMBHIR
ROHIT SHARMA
PAKISTAN VS SOUTH AFRICA LIVE
AYUSH MHATRE
Next
HARSHIT BISHT
AUTHOR

After spending four years in print, Harshit is now a part of the fast-paced digital world with Times Network as a correspondent and is doing what he a...View More

End of Article
Subscribe to our daily Newsletter!
SUBMIT
Live TV
Shows
Playing in picture-in-picture
Related News 
WATCH: Sikandar Raza's savage reply to 'when did you start believing you can win against Pakistan' question
SA vs BAN: South Africa awarded five penalty runs after Bangladesh keeper Nurul Hasan's grave error - watch

Indian Cricketers To Score Fastest Fifties in Test Cricket

From Lionel Messi To Cristiano Ronaldo: Footballers Who Can Leave On Free Transfers In 2025
NZ VS SL Dream 11 Prediction Fantasy Tips For New Zealand Vs Sri Lanka 1st ODI

Follow us :

DOWNLOAD APP
Top Trends
HBSE Date Sheet 2025
Jasprit Bumrah
Delhi Fog
WTC Final 2025
Maha Kumbh Mela 2025
China HMPV
Virat Kohli
Sensex Today
World Most Polluted City
Pakistan vs South Africa Live
Top Searches
Budget 2025
US 2025 Holiday Calendar
Times Now Live TV
Holidays in India
NSE Holidays
Festivals
Gold Price Today
Aadhaar Card
Passport
PAN Card
Driving Licence
Fuel Price in India
Entertainment
Rupali Ganguly
Upcoming Tamil Movies
Game Changer Trailer
Upcoming K Dramas 2025
Dalljiet Kaur
Golden Globes 2025
Bigg Boss 18
Upcoming Bollywood Movies 2025
Virat Kohli Son
Pushpa 2 Box Office
Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani
Ranbir Kapoor
Diljit Dosanjh
Lifestyle
China HMPV Virus
Important Days In January 2025
Scorpio Horoscope 2025
CAPRICORN Horoscope 2025
SAGITTARIUS Horoscope 2025
AQUARIUS Horoscope 2025
PISCES Horoscope 2025
Aries Horoscope 2025
LEO Horoscope 2025
TAURUS Horoscope 2025
GEMINI Horoscope 2025
Cancer Horoscope 2025
Baby Names
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Regulatory
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Syndication And Partnerships

© 2025 Bennett, Coleman & Company Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/watch-shakib-co-survive-scare-as-no-ball-drama-overshadow-bangladeshs-3-run-t20-wc-win-over-zimbabwe-article-95178284 
 ----- 
