India OnGo
HOME
IND VE ENG T20
IND VS ENG ODI
SPORTS
TRAVEL
RELIGIOUS PLACES
SHOPPING
CELEBS
EDUCATION
CONTACT
Sports T20 World Cup 2022 
Gabba Brisbane Cricket Ground T20 World Cup Seating Map, Ticket Prices, Booking and Schedule
 October 25, 2022 India OnGo  0 Comments

T20 World Cup  Brisbane ticket searches are very high. Brisbane cricket stadium is popularly known as  the Gabba. It is located in Woolloongabba, therefore it is known as the Gabba. It is a multipurpose sports stadium able to host cricket, athletics, cycling, Australian rules football, rugby union, and other Sporting events. It is a very popular stadium and for cricket matches, the pitch of this is considered challenging for the batsman. It is an old stadium and it got redeveloped multiple times. In this article, we are sharing the methods to book Brisbane cricket ground tickets online and from ticket box office counters.Watch live sports onlineBuy bestselling books online


This stadia was established in 1895 and it has hosted multiple games. Many World Records were formed in this stadium. It is owned by the Queensland government and the operator of the stadium is Stadiums Queensland. It is the home ground of BBL teams and AFL teams. The stadium seating capacity is 36000 for international cricket matches. More than 39 thousand spectators can be seated during AFL matches. For the 2032 Olympic Games, seating capacity will be increased to 50000. Stanley Street End and Vulture Street End are the two ends of the stadium.

The Gabba Brisbane Cricket Ground

Brisbane cricket ground host its first International test match in 1931 between Australia and South Africa. England vs West Indies one-day international match in 1979 is the first ODI match at Gabba stadium. In 2006 Australia vs West Indies T20 International match is the first T20 match in this stadium. This stadium also host women’s Cricket matches and big bash league matches too. This stadium will go through some expansion plans for the 2032 Olympic games. Now T20 World cup Brisbane cricket ground ticket sale is already started through online mode.

Book The Gabba Tickets Online
Buy bestselling books online

Like other stadiums of the world Brisbane cricket ground tickets are available online. T20 World Cup tickets of the Gabba stadium are available online from the official website. Visitors can book T20 World Cup tickets online by visiting the authorized website. As per news, there is no sale of offline tickets from the Brisbane cricket ground ticket counter. If online tickets remind unsold there is a chance of offline tickets sale as per our expectations. Below are the steps to book the Gaba Stadium ticket online.


log on to the official website or create an account if you are not a registered user of the website.
Look for the ticket section and click on the link full stop visitors will be redirected to a new page where all the tickets of Gabba Stadium are listed.
All the events of Brisbane cricket ground are listed on the web page along with ticket price and all important information.
Click on the desired event and select the number of seats on the next page.
Brisbane Stadium ticket price is also listed on the web page so that visitors can choose tickets as per their budget.
After checking the amount complete the payment in online mode.
Check registered email after ticket confirmation for  Brisbane cricket ground admission ticket and entry guidelines.

If offline tickets of  the Gabba Stadium are available, all the information related to Gabba Stadium admission tickets listed on official web page. all the details regarding date and time of offline sale also mentioned.

Brisbane Cricket Ground Ticket Prices


Ticket rates of Brisbane cricket stadium depend on multiple factors like seat type, stand type, view from the seat, format of the game, facilities provided, etc. Brisbane cricket ground is a multi-sports ground and many types of events are hosted here. So Gabba stadium ticket prices are different from event to event. Brisbane Stadium ticket prices are categorized into multiple price ranges and lower ticket prices are very popular among people with Limited budgets All the information regarding the Gabba ticket rate list is displayed on the official website.

Brisbane Cricket Ground T20 World Cup Fixture
Day and Date	Teams	Local Time
Sunday, October 30, 2022	Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe	01:00 PM
Monday, October 31, 2022	Australia vs Ireland	06:00 PM
Tuesday, November 01, 2022	Afghanistan vs Sri Lanka	02:00 PM
Tuesday, November 01, 2022	England vs New Zealand	06:00 PM

4 matches of the T20 World Cup are scheduled to host at the Gabba. These four matches will be played in Gabba stadium in just 3 days. The first match will be played on 30th October 2022 and 2nd match will be played on 31st October 2022. The second last and last match of the 2022 T20 world cup of Gabba stadium will be played in one day i.e. 1 November 2022.

Brisbane Cricket Ground Seating Plan


The Gabba Brisbane is a big ground and it can accommodate 36000 visitors at once during international cricket matches. For other events around 40000 spectators can be seated. We are sharing two maps of Gabba stadium taken from the official website. All the important information about Brisbane cricket ground is clearly depicted on the map.

Brisbane Cricket Ground Gabba Seating Map Arrangements (Click the map for a bigger image)

All the rows and bays with numbers are shown Brisbane cricket ground seating arrangement map. Entry gates and accessible admission gates are shown on the map along with essential information. Pitch location, accessible toilets, baby change table location, first aid counters, corporate area, boxes, accessible seating areas, Gabba admin office, etc also drawn on the above map of Gabba stadium.

Gabba Brisbane Seating Arrangement Layout Plan Detailed (Click on the above image for a detailed map)

The above map is a very detailed map and it can be seen in higher resolution by clicking on the map. All the nearby streets, roads, public transport options, bus stops, parking lots, etc are depicted on the map. Members’ area, parent’s room, taxi stand, etc are shown on the map. I hope both maps of Gabba stadium seating arrangement are helpful in finding seats in this big stadium. This map is useful in planning seat booking in advance too.

← Adelaide Oval Seating Map, T20 World Cup Tickets Price, Booking and Schedule
Optus Stadium Perth T20 World Cup Seating Map, Ticket Prices, Booking and Schedule →
India OnGo

Hello Visitors. I hope you are getting desired information on this website. I am the founder, content creator, editor, administrator of this website. i created this website in 2015 to aim to provide accurate information to the visitors. I am in this field for more than 10+ years and trying to provide information with accuracy and references. If you find any wrong information in the content, please write and email to me from contact page.

You May Also Like
Sports Betting: An Entertainment and Professional Sport
 February 19, 2024 0
About Sona9 Betting App
 April 7, 2023 0
Emirates Stadium Seating Plan 2023, Arsenal Stadium Seating Chart
 January 8, 2023 0
Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Search
 
Copyright © 2025 India OnGo. All rights reserved.

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indiaongo.in/sports/the-gabba-brisbane-cricket-ground/ 
 ----- 
