Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
Boston Celtics
Watch: Celtics' lineup faces warning for overzealous high-five routine in warmups during game vs 76ers
Watch: Celtics' lineup faces warning for overzealous high-five routine in warmups during game vs 76ers
By
John Ezekiel Hirro
Modified Oct 13, 2024 02:42 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Celtics' lineup faces warning for overzealous high-five routine in warmups during game vs 76ers - Image Source: Imagn

The Boston Celtics had a hilarious moment during their first preseason game at TD Garden as they seemed to have gotten a bit too excited before the tipoff, earning a warning before the game even began.

In the NBA, players typically run through a warmup high-five line, exchanging their signature handshakes with teammates.

However, just before tipoff in their game against the Philadelphia 76ers, officials whistled the Celtics for a delay in game warning due to how long their high-five line was taking. You can watch their warmup below:

Expand Tweet
Trending

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

The Celtics had won their first two preseason games in Abu Dhabi against the Denver Nuggets. Over the offseason, they managed to keep their core roster intact, with only Oshae Brissett and Svi Mykhailiuk leaving.

Even after their championship win, several Celtics players stayed busy preparing for the Paris Olympics, with stars like Jayson Tatum, Jrue Holiday and Derrick White playing key roles for Team USA.

Celtics steamroll 76ers in preseason blowout

The Boston Celtics crushed the Philadelphia 76ers in their first preseason home game. While the Celtics played their top players, the 76ers rested their stars, leading to a dominant 139-89 victory for Boston.

Boston established its dominance right from the start, outscoring Philadelphia 40-18 in the first quarter. The 76ers fought back in the second quarter but couldn’t close the gap.

After halftime, with mostly bench players on the floor, the Celtics continued to dismantle the 76ers, winning the third quarter 37-15. They sealed the game by outscoring Philadelphia again by five in the fourth quarter, finishing with a 40-point win.

At one point, the Celtics led by as much as 54 points. Boston's bench alone contributed 76 points, just 13 points shy of Philadelphia’s entire team total.

Jaylen Brown led the Celtics with 18 points and eight rebounds, while Jayson Tatum posted a double-double with 16 points and 10 boards. Luke Kornet, filling in for the injured Kristaps Porzingis, scored 15 points and grabbed eight rebounds. Sam Hauser also added 15 points off the bench, and Xavier Tillman, Payton Pritchard and Jordan Walsh each contributed 11 points.

Jared McCain was the only double-digit scorer for the 76ers, finishing with 20 points.

The Celtics shot 54.6% from the field and 48.9% from 3-point range, while Philadelphia struggled, shooting just 37.1% overall and a dismal 23.8% from beyond the arc.

The Celtics will end their preseason campaign with one home and one away game against the Toronto Raptors. They will start their regular season against the New York Knicks on Oct. 22.

Boston Celtics Nation! You can check out the latest Boston Celtics Schedule and dive into the Celtics Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Boston Celtics Philadelphia 76ers Jayson Tatum Jaylen Brown NBA Players and Roster 2024-25
Edited by Neha
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-watch-celtics-lineup-faces-warning-overzealous-high-five-routine-warmups-game-vs-76ers 
 ----- 
