Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Miami Marlins Rattle Charlie Morton Early, Atlanta Braves Drop Series Opener
The Atlanta Braves found themselves in an early hole that they were unable to climb out of.
Harrison Smajovits | Sep 21, 2024
Atlanta Braves starter Charlie Morton gave up a big inning early and the bats couldn't overcome it. Mandatory Credit: Jim Rassol-Imagn Images / Jim Rassol-Imagn Images
In this story:
Atlanta Braves

The Atlanta Braves dropped their series opener to the Miami Marlins, 4-3. Starting pitcher Charlie Morton was rattled early in the ballgame, and the Braves bats couldn’t overcome it. 

In six innings pitched, he allowed four earned runs. Three of those runs came in the first inning. Morton felt that falling behind early took the wind out of their sails.

“When you give up three runs in the first inning, that’s a momentum killer,” Morton said after the game. 

With one out in the bottom of the first, Jake Burger opened scoring with a ground-rule double that one hopped the right-field wall. In the next at-bat, Kyle Stowers drove in a run with a line drive single to left center field to make it 2-0. The Braves traded a run for an out in the next plate appearance when Jonah Bride plated a run on a sac fly. 

That rally changed Morton's entire approach the rest of the game.

“Then it becomes just limiting,” Morton said. “You’re just trying to hold them off the board. Trying to hold them to three runs.”

The Braves offense plated two runs to put it within one, but opportunities were missed. They had a runner on third with two outs in the top of the second. Orlando Arcia struck out to end the inning. 

Unfortunately for the Braves, it was the worst two-out matchup they could have had. Arcia is the worst qualified hitter in MLB with runners in scoring position, batting .162 in this situation. 

He at least tried to make up for it with a solo home run in the top of the fourth to make it a 3-2. However, the Marlins would find a way to rattle Morton again.

Connor Norby scored on a wild pitch in the fifth inning. The Braves got it back within one again on a solo shot by Ramon Laureano, but 4-3 would be the final. 

In his return to the Braves lineup, Ozzie Albies went 0-for-5. His attempt to bat right-handed against righties is not off to a great start.

Just as the Braves win a series, they fall flat to start the next.  

“We just can’t sustain a drive, or get anything going consistently for an extended period of time,” Braves manager Brian Snitker said.

For what it's worth, the New York Mets lost to the Philadelphia Phillies 12-2. While the Braves lose out on an opportunity to gain a game, they don't slide back any further.

The Braves look to even the series when they continue the series on Saturday. Max Fried will take the mound for the Braves. First pitch is set for 4:10 p.m.

Published Sep 21, 2024
HARRISON SMAJOVITS

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/braves/news/marlins-rattle-charlie-morton-atlanta-braves-drop-opener-01j89g2kc7nt 
 ----- 
