Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Olson provides clutch homer to give Braves life in WC chase
Share
Olson provides clutch homer to give Braves life in WC chase
First baseman closing in on 30 homers, 100 RBIs: 'He's a really, really, really good player'
September 22nd, 2024

Paige Leckie

@paige_leckie
Share
;

6 SECONDS REMAINING

MIAMI -- Matt Olson entered Atlanta’s weekend series in Miami just two long balls away from his fourth consecutive 30-homer season. The ball didn’t go Olson’s way on Friday, with the Braves as a whole struggling to hit with runners on base.

But on Saturday afternoon, it was Olson who played the hero, moving one step closer to that high-water mark with a game-winning two-run blast in the seventh inning of the Braves’ 6-2 victory over the Marlins at loanDepot park -- a game Atlanta needed to win to stay in the hunt for a postseason berth.

Complete coverage: Braves' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

The Braves (84-71) remain two games behind the Mets (86-69) for the final National League Wild Card spot. New York defeated Philadelphia, 6-3, on Saturday afternoon.

Lately, Olson has been focused on getting away from so much video and analysis and instead paying more attention to how he feels. He wants to be in a good rhythm. It’s been working, too. Olson hit a cold patch in the middle of the season, batting .172 in July, but has since rebounded -- just like his club knew he would -- to hit .318 with 20 RBIs in September.

So when Olson stepped to the plate against reliever Lake Bachar in the seventh on Saturday, he knew exactly what he wanted to see: a pitch he could drive.

After taking a changeup down and away, Olson -- who had worked a walk against Bachar the night before -- knew what to expect. And he made Bachar pay, turning around a 93.8 mph four-seam fastball at the top of the zone and blasting the ball a Statcast-projected 403 feet into center field.

Related
Braves settle with arbitration-eligible players Kelenic, Lee

January 9th, 2025

How high can Harris fly? 'He's a special talent'

January 9th, 2025

With Morton gone, could Braves add depth to rotation?

January 6th, 2025

What's ahead for Braves in the new year?

January 2nd, 2025

The 'Unspoken Bond' between Olson and longtime friend

October 11th, 2024

Who are the kings of 'Club 162'?

September 30th, 2024

“He's got extreme power,” Marlins manager Skip Schumaker said. “Can hit the other way, takes his walks, Gold Glove first baseman, plays every single day -- every inning of every single day. That's what it should look like from a veteran right there. I'm sure he doesn't feel good all the time, but he posts, and that is the true sign of an All-Star-caliber player trying to get your team in a postseason. He's a really, really, really good player. He might have struggled early on, but I think by the end of the year, you'll see 30 [homers] and 100 [RBIs].”

Olson’s moonshot -- part of his 2-for-4 night -- was one of three Braves homers. Just four batters after Olson went yard in the seventh, Gio Urshela followed suit with his own two-run home run. And in the second inning, Jorge Soler led off with a long ball, negating the one-run lead Miami snatched in the bottom of the first inning on a triple from Derek Hill that took Soler some time to corral in the right-field corner.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“So happy for Matt, with where he is right now,” manager Brian Snitker said. “I mean, you look up and he's pushing 30 and 100. And Gio just -- there's some power in that guy, you know? And he continues to play really good defense. So that was big. It was nice to score those runs.”

The offensive outpouring backed Max Fried, who delivered his 15th quality start of the season. Fried allowed two runs (one earned) on five hits and one walk over six innings, striking out six. Fried earned his 72nd career win, tying Steve Avery for the fifth-most wins by a southpaw in franchise history.

“Yeah, he was on point,” Snitker said. “I mean, I thought his stuff was really, really good -- his offspeed, his changeup -- and I saw he had good velocity on his fastball. He was just -- he was really good today.”

Heading into the final week of the season, in which the Braves will look to gain ground against and overcome the Mets in the NL Wild Card standings, it won’t be the stats that matter to guys like Olson and Fried. Their focus is on getting the club into the postseason. It helps that Olson has 29 homers and 97 RBIs, but those are just numbers.

“We're going to grind every game out,” Fried said. “We played a really good game today. The at-bats were really good, and we never gave in. Made some unbelievable defensive plays and threw the ball and made pitches when we needed to. Right now, that's kind of all we have to do, is just focus on playing our game and put our best foot forward and leave it all out there. …

“If we want to go where we want to go, you know, [Olson’s] going to be a big part of that.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Atlanta Braves
Matt Olson

Paige Leckie is a reporter for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/matt-olson-hits-game-winning-home-run-vs-marlins 
 ----- 
