Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
Winter storm
SPORTS
Olson hits tiebreaking homer and Braves beat Marlins 6-2 to stay 2 back of Mets for wild card
1 of 8 |  

Atlanta Braves’ Matt Olson hits a two-run home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Miami. (AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)

2 of 8 |  

Atlanta Braves’ Matt Olson celebrates a two-run home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Miami. (AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)

3 of 8 |  

Atlanta Braves starting pitcher Max Fried aims a pitch during the second inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Miami. (AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)

4 of 8 |  

Atlanta Braves’ Marcell Ozuna hits a single to left field during the third inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Miami. (AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)

5 of 8 |  

Atlanta Braves’ Jorge Soler celebrates after hitting a home run during the second inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Miami. (AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)

6 of 8 |  

Atlanta Braves’ Matt Olson celebrates a two-run home run with Jorge Soler (2) during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Miami. (AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)

7 of 8 |  

Miami Marlins’ Derek Hill hits a triple during the first inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Miami. (AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)

8 of 8 |  

Miami Marlins starting pitcher Adam Oller (77) aims a pitch during the first inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Miami. (AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)

Updated 1:17 AM UTC, September 22, 2024
Share

MIAMI (AP) — Matt Olson broke a seventh-inning tie with a two-run homer and the Atlanta Braves beat the Miami Marlins 6-2 on Saturday to stay two games behind the New York Mets for the last National League wild card.

New York beat Philadelphia 6-3 at Citi Field, preventing the NL East-leading Phillies from clinching the division crown.

Gio Urshela and Jorge Soler also went deep for the Braves. Marcell Ozuna and Michael Harris II each had three hits.

Atlanta starter Max Fried allowed two runs — one earned — and five hits over six innings. Fried (10-10) walked one, struck out six and reached double-digit wins for the fourth time in his career.

“It’s the time of the year and where we’re at — I have two starts left — so you’ve got to dig deep,” Fried said. “Every ounce of what I had today, I wanted to make sure I left it out there.”

Olson connected off reliever Lake Bachar (0-1), sending his 29th homer over the right-center wall to snap a 2-all tie. Later in the inning, Urshela chased Bachar with a two-run drive that landed in the left-field seats.

“So happy for Matt for where he is right now,” Braves manager Brian Snitker said. “When you look up, he’s pushing 30 (homers) and 100 (RBIs). And Gio — what power in that guy. That was big. Nice to score those runs.”

RELATED STORIES
Right-hander Griffin Canning and Mets agree to $4.25 million, 1-year contract
Left-hander Max Fried and Yankees finalize $218 million, 8-year contract
Left-hander Max Fried agrees to $218 million, 8-year contract with Yankees, AP source says

Olson has 16 homers since July 27 and 28 extra-base hits since Aug. 1.

“I was looking for something to drive,” Olson said of his go-ahead homer. “I wanted to see something in the zone and he left a fastball kind of off the middle.”

Pierce Johnson, Joe Jiménez and Raisel Iglesias each worked a scoreless inning in relief.

Harris also made two spectacular plays in center field, robbing Connor Norby and Derek Hill of extra-base hits with running catches in the first and eighth.

“You’re getting to a point where you’re having a pretty long highlight film with what he’s doing,” Snitker said.

Olson hit an RBI single in the fifth that put the Braves ahead 2-1. Ozzie Albies singled and advanced on a walk to Ozuna before racing home on Olson’s line drive to left.

The Marlins tied it in the sixth when Jonah Bride scored from second on a throwing error by Albies at second base as he tried for a double play.

Hill’s run-scoring triple in the first gave Miami a quick lead before Soler tied it with a leadoff homer against starter Adam Oller in the second.

Oller was lifted after 5 2/3 innings. The right-hander allowed two runs and eight hits. He walked two and struck out seven.

“I thought he was really good, threw a lot of first-pitch strikes,” Marlins manager Skip Schumaker said. “He got out of a couple of tough innings as well. It shows that he has stuff that should play up here and should be enough to be in a rotation.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Braves: RHP Reynaldo López (shoulder inflammation) played long toss in the latest step of his rehabilitation. López has been sidelined since Sept. 10.

Marlins: LHP Braxton Garrett will undergo an MRI after he experienced discomfort in the back of his elbow following his last bullpen session. Garrett has not pitched since June 17 because of a forearm flexor strain. He had been scheduled to start Sunday before getting scratched Friday.

UP NEXT

Braves RHP Grant Holmes (2-1, 3.84 ERA) starts the series finale Sunday against RHP Darren McCaughan (0-0, 7.64).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Wide Calf Cowboy Boots for Women
Ariat
:
Advertisement
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Talford leads Winthrop against Longwood after 21-point outing
A new book alleges that someon e at Fox News gave Trump's...
A forthcoming book alleges that someone inside Fox News gave Donald Trump’s pr...
AP News
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
A military doctor has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing dozens of soldiers at...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Managing your diabetes with confidence is easier with our smallest, most discreet...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As...
Eliminate Glare and Reduce Eye Fatigue.
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Instantly Lookup Anyo ne's Home Value by Address (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
From Carter's funeral, an Americ an snapshot: A singular image, ...
Inside Washington National Cathedral, the five men who've occupied the Oval Offic...
AP News
Poulin scores `Superwoman' goal, Victoire beat Sceptres 4-...
Marie-Philip Poulin scored a spectacular “Superwoman” goal and added an empty...
AP News
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
DC sues federal government over pollution in Anacostia River
The District of Columbia is suing the federal government over pollution in the...
AP News
These Seniors Over 65 Learned How To Save Massive On Life Insu...
Senior Life Insurance
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates historical scenarios
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking South Carolina By Storm
Glosrity:Advertisement
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle?
Puzzloom:Advertisement
Read More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/braves-marlins-score-0266e032a548d5cfd3e2bc97883e3ae6 
 ----- 
