Skip to main content
Bucs Dugout homepage
a Pittsburgh Pirates community
Follow Bucs Dugout online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Bucs Dugout main menu
FANPOSTS
SHOP
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

GAME THREAD
Game #131: Chicago Cubs vs. Pittsburgh Pirates

The Pirates are at PNC Park looking to grab a win today against the Cubs.

By Jeremy_Brener@JeremyBrener  Aug 27, 2024, 5:40pm EDT  287 Comments / 287 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options
Chicago Cubs vs. Pittsburgh Pirates, August 27, 2024, 6:40 p.m. ET

Location: PNC Park, Pittsburgh, PA

Broadcast: KDKA AM/FM, AT&T Sports Network

The Pittsburgh Pirates are at home hosting the Chicago Cubs today at beautiful PNC Park.

Please remember our Game Day thread guidelines.

Don’t troll in your comments; create conversation rather than destroying it
Remember Bucs Dugout is basically a non-profanity site
Out of respect to broadcast partners who have paid to carry the game, no mentions of “alternative” (read: illegal) viewing methods are allowed in our threads
The commenting system was updated during the summer. They’re still working on optimizing it for Game Day Threads like ours. If you don’t like clicking “Load More Comments”, remember that the “Z” key can be your friend. It loads up the latest comments automatically.

BD community, this is your thread for today’s game. Enjoy!

MORE FROM BUCS DUGOUT
Three trade candidates to strengthen the Pirates bullpen
Bucs Arghticles: Pirates adding Darell Morel
Pirates make arbitration agreements with four players
Oneil Cruz makes top-10 list for centerfielders
Bucs Arghticles: Pirates World Series champ Bob Veale dies at 89
Pirates extend PiratesFest schedule to two days
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Manage Privacy Settings  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.

Privacy Notice
We and our 870 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy
Ways we may use your data:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Develop and improve services. Create profiles to personalise content. Store and/or access information on a device. Measure advertising performance. Use limited data to select content. Measure content performance. Use profiles to select personalised content. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Use limited data to select advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept Manage Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bucsdugout.com/2024/8/27/24222002/game-131-chicago-cubs-vs-pittsburgh-pirates-mlb 
 ----- 
