Latest
U.S.
L.A. Wildfires
World
America Decides
Politics
Entertainment
HealthWatch
MoneyWatch
Crime
Space
Sports
Brand Studio
Local News
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
Live
CBS News 24/7
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Shows
48 Hours
60 Minutes
America Decides
CBS Evening News
CBS Mornings
CBS Morning News
CBS Reports
CBS Saturday Morning
The Daily Report
The Dish
Eye on America
Face the Nation
Here Comes the Sun
Person to Person
Sunday Morning
The Takeout
The Uplift
Weekender
CBS News Investigates
CBS Village
Podcasts
In Depth
Newsletters
Download Our App
CBS News Team
Executive Team
Brand Studio
Paramount Shop
Paramount+
Join Our Talent Community
RSS Feeds
A Moment With...
Innovators & Disruptors
Economy 4.0
PITTSBURGH
News
Weather
Sports
Video
KDKA Shows
35°

Watch CBS News

SPORTS
Cubs score 11 unanswered runs to beat Pirates 14-10

August 28, 2024 / 4:36 PM EDT / AP

Christian Bethancourt drove in seven runs, including a go-ahead two-run single in the ninth, as the Chicago Cubs rallied past the Pittsburgh Pirates 14-10 on Wednesday to sweep a three-game series.

The Cubs trailed by seven through six innings before taking advantage of another shaky performance by Pittsburgh's bullpen.

Bethancourt hit a two-run homer in the seventh to start Chicago's surge. The catcher added a two-run double in the eighth and laced a sharp bases-loaded single to left against Pirates closer David Bednar (3-7) to complete the comeback.

Pete Crow-Armstrong had a career-high four hits to boost his batting average over his last 21 games to .341 (26 of 76). Ian Happ chipped in three hits for the Cubs, who scored 41 runs across three games at PNC Park to improve to 17-8 over their last 25 games.

Porter Hodge (3-1) pitched two scoreless innings to become the unlikely winner.

Chicago's rally spoiled a solid if not spectacular start by Pirates rookie Paul Skenes. The 22-year-old gave up three runs, two earned, over the first two innings but settled down to retire 11 of the final 13 batters he faced.

Skenes' ERA ticked up to 2.23 after he was removed following 82 pitches with the Pirates seemingly comfortably in front. Skenes is in a race with San Diego outfielder Jackson Merrill and Milwaukee outfielder Jackson Chourio for National League Rookie of the Year. The Pirates have no plans to shut down their young ace, though they do plan to monitor his workload the rest of the way after falling out of the playoff picture.

The team has been giving Skenes an extra day or two of rest in between starts, and his velocity has ticked down — by his standards — of late. None of Skenes' fastballs reached triple digits, though he hit 99 mph frequently.

Bryan Reynolds and Connor Joe both homered and finished with three hits for Pittsburgh. Rowdy Tellez also had three hits for the Pirates. Oneil Cruz singled and doubled while making his first career start in center field.

The 6-foot-7 Cruz easily handled a fly ball in the sixth but was charged with a questionable throwing error when he unleashed a 103.3 mph throw home on a single by Crow-Armstrong. The ball bounced in front of catcher Yasmani Grandal, who couldn't snag it and rolled to the backstop, allowing Crow-Armstrong to move up a base.

It didn't seem to matter as the Pirates jumped on Cubs starter Kyle Hendricks (six runs in 1 2/3 innings) to eventually go up 10-3.

The advantage slowly slipped away, with Bethancourt right in the middle of it. Chicago had drawn within one and had runners on second and third with one out when the Pirates opted to walk Crow-Armstrong to set up a forceout at any base.

Bethancourt instead ripped a sharp grounder past Pirates shortstop Isiah Kiner-Falefa, who took the position for Cruz, to put the Cubs in front. Chicago poured it on from there to move to 5-1 on a nine-game road trip that wraps up in Washington this weekend.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Cubs: RHP Ben Brown (neck strain) is unlikely to return this season. Brown, who has been out since June 11, has been rehabbing in Arizona but has not restarted a pitching program. ... RHP Ethan Roberts exited with ankle soreness after pitching 1 1/3 innings of relief.

Pirates: DH Andrew McCutchen (knee) has resumed all baseball activities and could return this weekend. McCutchen was eligible to come off the injured list on Tuesday. ... 3B Ke'Bryan Hayes has had multiple doctors look at his lower back, with no definitive diagnosis. The Gold Glove winner is doing light rehab but no baseball work. ... LHP Marco Gonzales is having surgery in early September to repair the flexor tendon in his left elbow and will be out for at least nine months. ... 1B Tellez left in the seventh inning after noticeably limping while running out a ground ball.

UP NEXT

Cubs: Start a three-game set against the Nationals on Friday.

Pirates: Are off Thursday, then head to Cleveland to begin a three-game interleague series with the skidding Guardians on Friday. Bailey Falter (6-7, 4.25) faces Ben Lively (11-8, 3.62) in the opener.

More from CBS News
PiratesFest takes off for another year in Downtown Pittsburgh next week
Penguins beat Connor McDavid and Edmonton Oilers with 5-3 victory
Pirates sign left-handed pitcher Caleb Ferguson to one-year deal
Steelers not planning on any move involving Mike Tomlin, report says
In: Chicago Cubs MLB Pittsburgh Pirates Sports PNC Park Pittsburgh

© 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
Contact KDKA
News
Sports
Weather
Program Guide
Sitemap
About Us
Advertise
CBS Television Jobs
Public File for KDKA-TV
Public File for WPKD-TV / KDKA+
Public Inspection File Help
FCC Applications
EEO Report
 
 
 
Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On
Review and Manage Your Cookie Settings
If you consent, we and our 138 partners can store and access personal information on your device to provide a more personalised browsing experience. This is accomplished through processing personal data collected from browsing data stored in cookies. You can provide/withdraw consent and object to processing based on a legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the ‘Manage’ button.
For more information refer Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Measure advertising performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content.
List of Partners

Accept Reject
Manage
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbsnews.com/pittsburgh/news/christian-bethancourt-cubs-rally-pirates/ 
 ----- 
