Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Latest news
Video
New Zealand
Sport
All Blacks
Business
Entertainment
Podcasts
Quizzes
Opinion
Lifestyle
Travel
Viva
Weather forecasts

Five people injured in serious Waikato crash, SH1 blocked

Home / Sport / Rugby / Rugby World Cup
England vs South Africa live updates from Rugby World Cup semifinal
NZ Herald
21 Oct, 2023 07:00 PM
5 mins to read
Save
Share
Video Player is loading.
Pause
Unmute
Current Time 
0:00
/
Duration 
11:08
Loaded: 0.00%
 
Fullscreen
NOW PLAYING • Beyond the Game: All Blacks v Argentina preview show
It's the final hurdle to the Rugby World Cup grand final! The NZ Herald's Chereè Kinnear and Liam Napier unpack selection changes for the All Blacks and what to expect from a semifinals clash against Argentina. Video / NZ Herald / ...

Live updates of the Rugby World Cup semifinal between England and South Africa.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

PREVIEW

They’re the reigning world champions. They’re the No. 1 team in the world. They’ve just dumped out the highly fancied home nation in a Rugby World Cup epic.

No wonder the Springboks are big favorites heading into their semifinal against England in Paris on Sunday NZT.

The English are trying not to think that way, though.

“We’re not talking about a team that’s never lost,” England lock Maro Itoje said. “We’re not talking about a team that is without fault. They are a good team. But so are we.”

Itoje is one of 13 players in England’s matchday squad who played in the 32-12 loss to South Africa in the World Cup final in Japan in 2019. England was coming off one of the greatest all-round performances in its history – the 19-7 victory over New Zealand in the semifinals – and couldn’t sustain that level a week later as it was blown away up front in the first half and picked apart out wide in the second half.

While the English have stood still in the intervening four years – some might say they’ve regressed – they’ve still made to it the semifinals again, for the sixth time in 10 editions. They’re flying the flag for the northern hemisphere once more, albeit by virtue of a kind draw that has seen them avoid any major rugby nation.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

Until now.

The Boks are the same tough, mean, well-run machine as in 2019, when they won the world title for a record-tying third time. The forwards are still as uncompromising as ever – a match for anyone – but they’ve a more polished operation out wide these days, underlined by the presence of an attacking flyhalf in the form of Manie Libbok.

The threats are everywhere and they have a game plan come rain or shine, and the weather might be wet in Saint-Denis on Saturday night.

England, though, can never be discounted at a Rugby World Cup – even if that’s exactly what many were doing ahead of the tournament, which the team entered on a run of just four wins in its previous 13 games.

Steve Borthwick, England’s coach of less than a year, always warned the critics to judge his players at the World Cup, not before. Maybe he was right all along because they are this tournament’s only unbeaten team. This is his biggest test, however, and he’ll need to come up with a plan to rattle the experienced Springboks, who have 15 survivors from that title match in Yokohama four years ago.

“We know how good England are, how they play in World Cups, and the team has changed and we’ve seen how hard they work,” South Africa captain Siya Kolisi said.

“We know exactly what they are going to bring and the motivation they have.”

History is on the side of the Boks, whose only loss in five World Cup meetings with England – which includes wins for South Africa in the 2007 and 2019 finals – came in a pool game in 2003. Indeed, that is the only match where England has scored a try against South Africa in the tournament.

Boks coach Jacques Nienaber appears to have settled on his best team – “continuity in team selection builds momentum and confidence within the group,” he said on Thursday – explaining why he has kept faith with the lineup that started the 29-28 win over France in the quarter-finals.

That includes scrumhalf Cobus Reinach, who was the subject of a death threat this week.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

“From a medical point of view, there was no reason to change,” Nienaber said of his team selection, “and from a performance point of view, there wasn’t any reason to change.”

England has tinkered, though, freshening the pack with two changes as lock George Martin comes in for just his ninth cap and prop Joe Marler is recalled to give more ballast in the scrum.

Marcus Smith was unavailable after failing a head injury assessment in the wake of the 30-24 quarter-final win over Fiji but was unlikely to keep his place at fullback anyway. Freddie Steward returns at No. 15 as a more reliable presence under the high ball, which could be vital given the Springboks’ effective kicking game. - AP

What is the history between South Africa vs England?

South Africa leads 27-2-16 overall, 4-1 in RWC.

What are the odds for South Africa vs England?

England $4.16, South Africa $1.16

How to watch South Africa vs England?

Sky Sport 1 from 7.45am Sunday. You can also listen to live commentary with Elliott Smith on Gold Sport.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.
South Africa vs England prediction

South Africa 22 England 9

Lineups for South Africa vs England

England: Freddie Steward, Jonny May, Joe Marchant, Manu Tuilagi, Elliot Daly, Owen Farrell (captain), Alex Mitchell; Ben Earl, Tom Curry, Courtney Lawes, George Martin, Maro Itoje, Dan Cole, Jamie George, Joe Marler. Reserves: Theo Dan, Ellis Genge, Kyle Sinckler, Ollie Chessum, Billy Vunipola, Danny Care, George Ford, Ollie Lawrence.

South Africa: Damian Willemse, Kurt-Lee Arendse, Jesse Kriel, Damian de Allende, Cheslin Kolbe, Manie Libbok, Cobus Reinach; Duane Vermeulen, Pieter-Steph du Toit, Siya Kolisi (captain), Franco Mostert, Eben Etzebeth, Frans Malherbe, Bongi Mbonambi, Steven Kitshoff. Reserves: Deon Fourie, Ox Nche, Vincent Koch, RG Snyman, Kwagga Smith, Faf de Klerk, Handre Pollard, Willie le Roux.

Roads to the semifinals
England

England 27 Argentina 10

England 34 Japan 12

England 71 Chile 0

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

England 18 Samoa 17

England 30 Fiji 24

South Africa

South Africa 18 Scotland 3

South Africa 70 Romania 0

South Africa 8 Ireland 13

South Africa 49 Tonga 18

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

South Africa 29 France 28

Get full coverage of the Rugby World Cup.

Recommended for you
Refresh for more
New Zealand
Five people injured in serious Waikato crash, SH1 blocked
English Premier League
'Anybody would want to': Elon Musk targets buying EPL giants, says dad
Racing
'It was very random': The call that led top UK jockey to New Zealand
Business
Meta ends fact checks as it prepares for Trump era
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
Latest from Rugby World Cup
Rugby World Cup champion reveals he sold medal during Covid
11 Dec 08:30 PM

The former England winger opened up about his struggles post retirement.

England rugby star opens up on being accused of sexual assault during New Zealand tour
09 Nov 04:00 AM
'Restarted my heart': Wayne Barnes kept operation secret during Rugby World Cup
21 Oct 07:15 PM
'Fake-humble f***er': Ireland great reignites feud with All Blacks
29 Sep 07:12 PM
SPONSORED
What falling rates mean for investors
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
NZ HERALD
About NZ Herald
Meet the journalists
Newsletters
Classifieds
Help & support
Contact us
House rules
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Competition terms & conditions
Our use of AI
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
NZ Herald e-editions
Daily puzzles & quizzes
Manage your digital subscription
Manage your print subscription
Subscribe to the NZ Herald newspaper
Subscribe to Herald Premium
Gift a subscription
Subscriber FAQs
Subscription terms & conditions
Promotions and subscriber benefits
NZME NETWORK
The New Zealand Herald
The Northland Age
The Northern Advocate
Waikato Herald
Bay of Plenty Times
Rotorua Daily Post
Hawke's Bay Today
Whanganui Chronicle
Viva
NZ Listener
What the Actual
Newstalk ZB
BusinessDesk
OneRoof
Driven CarGuide
iHeart Radio
Restaurant Hub
NZME
About NZME
NZME careers
Advertise with NZME
Digital self-service advertising
Book your classified ad
Photo sales
NZME Events
© Copyright 2025 NZME Publishing Limited
Access New Zealand’s best journalism
From $0.99 per week
Subscribe now

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nzherald.co.nz/sport/rugby/rugby-world-cup/england-vs-south-africa-live-updates-from-rugby-world-cup-semifinal/GZ5T3TT6HRBR5LNLBUSTIA62AA/ 
 ----- 
