Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Wizards Guard Continues Hot Streak
This Washington Wizards star continues to heat up.
Jeremy Brener | Jan 9, 2025
Jan 8, 2025; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Washington Wizards forward Corey Kispert (24) drives for a shot past Philadelphia 76ers forward Guerschon Yabusele (28)during the second quarter at Wells Fargo Center. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images / Bill Streicher-Imagn Images
In this story:
Washington Wizards

While the Washington Wizards are dealing with a number of injuries, one player is beginning to step up for the team.

Wizards guard Corey Kispert pieced together back-to-back performances of 23 points, both of which are his season-highs for Washington. Here's a look at some of his highlights in the team's most recent loss against the Philadelphia 76ers:

Kispert struggled at the beginning of the season, shooting well below his usual averages. However, he has begun to pick things up in recent weeks, giving the Wizards a sign of optimism.

“This is his normal stuff that he always does,” Keefe said of Kispert after the team's game on Tuesday against the Houston Rockets. "I knew that he didn't start the season the way he probably wanted to, but we all had complete faith that this is what would happen. He's found his rhythm in his game.”

Now that he's put together back-to-back games with 23 points, it's safe to say that Kispert is becoming an important part of the offense.

Against the Sixers, the Wizards played without Alex Sarr and Jordan Poole, opening up a need for production on the scoring end of things. Kispert was able to rely on his veteran experience to be able to do that for the team.

While the Wizards came out of the game on the wrong end of the result, they should be thrilled with the effort that Kispert has been giving on a nightly basis.

Now, Kispert and the Wizards will have a day off before getting right back on the wagon as they look to take on the Chicago Bulls in the Windy City. Tipoff is scheduled for 8 p.m. ET inside the United Center. The game can be watched on Monumental Sports Network locally or streamed on NBA League Pass.

Make sure you bookmark Washington Wizards on SI for the latest news, exclusive interviews, film breakdowns and so much more!

Wizards Guard on Path Towards All-Star Career
Wizards Content With Alex Sarr, But More Work Awaits
Wizards Trade Idea Sends Kyle Kuzma to Contender
Jared Butler Joins Elite Group In Wizards Loss
Wizards Closer to Basement in NBA Power Rankings
Published Jan 9, 2025
JEREMY BRENER

Jeremy Brener is an editor, writer and social media manager for several Fan Nation websites. His work has also been featured in 247 Sports and SB Nation as a writer and podcaster. Brener has been with Fan Nation since 2021. Brener grew up in Houston, going to Astros, Rockets and Texans games as a kid. He moved to Orlando in 2016 to go to college and pursue a degree. He hosts "The Dream Take" podcast covering the Rockets, which has produced over 350 episodes since March 2020. Brener graduated in May 2020 from the University of Central Florida with a Bachelor's degree in Broadcast Journalism minoring in Sport Business Management. While at UCF, Brener worked for the school's newspaper NSM.today and "Hitting the Field," a student-run sports talk show and network. He was the executive producer for "Hitting the Field" from 2019-20. During his professional career, Brener has covered a number of major sporting events including the Pro Bowl, March Madness and several NBA and NFL games. As a fan, Brener has been to the 2005 World Series, 2010 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 NCAA National Championship between the Villanova Wildcats and North Carolina Tar Heels. Now, Brener still resides in the Central Florida area and enjoys writing, watching TV, hanging out with friends and going to the gym. Brener can be followed on Twitter @JeremyBrener. For more inquiries, please email jeremybrenerchs@gmail.com.

Follow JeremyBrener

Home
/
Washington Wizards News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/wizards/washington-wizards-news/washington-wizards-corey-kispert-continues-hot-streak 
 ----- 
