NEWSLETTERS
Washington Wizards News
Home
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Jan 8, 2025; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Washington Wizards forward Kyle Kuzma (33) drives against Philadelphia 76ers guard Eric Gordon (23) during the first quarter at Wells Fargo Center. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images Bill Streicher-Imagn Images
Wizards Veteran: 'Most Disappointing Season' of Career
Originally posted on Washington Wizards on SI
By Jeremy Brener  |  Last updated Jan 11, 2025 12:00 PM ET

Things haven't necessarily gone according to plan for Washington Wizards forward Kyle Kuzma this season.

The eighth-year pro has only played in 19 of the Wizards' first 36 games due to injury, but he also hasn't played up to par when he is on the court.

That's why ESPN writers Tim Bontemps and Brian Windhorst have named Kuzma one of the seven most disappointing players in the league so far this season.

"A year ago, the rebuilding Wizards could have moved Kuzma at the trade deadline, but after the team consulted with him, the deal wasn't consummated. Now, it could be very difficult for the Wizards to find another chance to do so," ESPN writes.

"Kuzma, who will turn 30 this summer, is averaging just 15.6 points and shooting a dismal 26.6% from 3-point range while playing on one of the league's worst teams, one that is clearly focused on the future."

On top of that, one scout told ESPN that "this has been the most disappointing season of his career."

It's hard to have much positive going on as a veteran on the worst team in the league, and Kuzma's year is reflective of that. He is in trade talks going into the final month before the deadline, but the market is nowhere near as robust as it was one year ago.

That doesn't mean Kuzma won't be traded, but the Wizards won't nearly get the same kind of value that they were able to net a year ago.

Because of this, the Wizards could opt to keep Kuzma, but then they run the risk of his value depreciating even more, and they cannot afford to let that happen for a second year in a row.

Kuzma and the Wizards are back in action tomorrow against the Oklahoma City Thunder at 6 p.m. ET.

Make sure you bookmark Washington Wizards on SI for the latest news, exclusive interviews, film breakdowns and so much more!

Insider: Wizards PG Should Garner Trade Interest
Wizards Defense Disappears in Loss vs. Bulls
Wizards Give Update on Malcolm Brogdon Injury
Wizards Must Evaluate Several Players Before Trade Deadline
Wizards Should Target Grizzlies PG in Trade



This article first appeared on Washington Wizards on SI and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Big viewership for Cavs-Thunder should quiet NBA ratings talk
Paul George hinting at frustration with his role on 76ers?
The '2024 NBA All-Stars' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NBA
Michael Jordan was asked by NBA if he was gambling on Bulls…
NBA
YesJulz responds to LeBron James affair rumors
NBA
Did Warriors Find Key Piece in Their Rebuild?
NBA
Massive Lakers Trade Proposal Sees LA Acquire Dynamic $23…

The Los Angeles Lakers are at a critical juncture, with less than a month to make key roster adjustments. It's clear that the team needs to make a decisive move or two to solidify its standing as a legitimate contender, especially in the competitive Western Conference. One potential trade proposal could bring them a significant step closer to achieving that goal by acquiring one of the league’s most dynamic combo guards: Toronto Raptors guard Bruce Brown. Here's what a hypothetical trade for Brown would look like. Lakers receive: Bruce Brown Raptors receive: Rui Hachimura, Gabe Vincent, and a 2027 first-round pick Brown is a player the Lakers have been linked to since the 2023 offseason when he ultimately signed with the Indiana Pacers. Potentially adding him to the roster would bring a much-needed boost to the Lakers' backcourt, offering a blend of athleticism, toughness, and versatility that the team has lacked since their championship run in 2019-20. Brown’s ability to excel on both ends of the floor was on full display during the 2023 Western Conference Finals, where he consistently outmatched less athletic opponents. His physical style of play and knack for guarding top-tier guards in the league would address the Lakers' glaring weakness. Offensively, Brown is no slouch either. He can create his own shot when needed, making him a valuable asset in critical moments. His size—standing 6'4" with a 6'9" wingspan—gives him a clear advantage over some of the Lakers' current options. Players like Gabe Vincent, while strong defensively, lack Brown's physical presence and versatility. Trading Vincent, along with Rui Hachimura, to make room for Brown could be a strategic move. With the recent addition of Dorian Finney-Smith, who plays a similar role to Hachimura, Rui’s presence on the roster has become somewhat redundant, particularly alongside LeBron James. Although Brown has struggled with injuries, not playing consistently in the last eight months. However, Brown is a clear upgrade in the guard position when healthy. Meanwhile, Max Christie continues to develop and could grow into a reliable contributor, but Brown would provide a seasoned, championship-winning veteran who could deliver in high-stakes playoff scenarios. His ability to play backup minutes at either guard spot or even at the three in crucial moments would elevate the Lakers’ depth and flexibility. If the Lakers are serious about making a deep playoff run, acquiring Bruce Brown would be a game-changer. He brings the physicality, skill set, and championship experience this team needs to compete at the highest level. Lakers vs Spurs Game Postponed by NBA Amid Los Angeles Wildfires Los Angeles Key Trade Target Suffers Injury Just Weeks Before Trade Deadline For more Lakers news, stay tuned to Lakers On SI.

NBA
Josh Hart Hints At Knicks Locker Room Divide
The greatest high school basketball teams of all time (non-prep school)
MLB
Pete Alonso reportedly makes offer to Mets
NBA
Paul George hinting at frustration with his role on 76ers?
NHL
NHL PR issues statement on Chicago Blackhawks forward…
College Football
Texas' Arch Manning decision surprised Kirk Herbstreit
NFL
Chicago Bears face pressure to make quick decision after Ben…
The 20 best Tom Hardy performances
Video Games
Solving Henrietta's Map in Hogwarts Legacy
NFL
Savvy chess move by Packers GM Brian Gutekunst proves his…
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?

Yes, Marcus Freeman did just help Notre Dame earn a spot in this season's College Football Playoff National Championship by leading the program to a win over Penn State on Thursday. But it took almost no time after the Fighting Irish's impressive victory for some to suggest that Freeman could be heading to the NFL. Last month, Notre Dame and its head coach agreed to a four-year extension. According to ESPN's Pete Thamel, before Freeman signed, his contract buyout was believed to be worth $4 million. With his new deal, one can assume that the Fighting Irish increased the buyout amount, making it harder for other schools or NFL teams to hire him. However, NFL owners would not find it difficult to pay Notre Dame whatever Freeman's new buyout amount is to hire him. The Chicago Bears, Jacksonville Jaguars, Las Vegas Raiders, New England Patriots, New Orleans Saints and New York Jets need a new head coach before the start of the 2025 season. Freeman might make the most sense for the Bears of those six organizations. The Fighting Irish head coach has a history with Chicago, which selected him in the fifth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. Unfortunately, Freeman never appeared in a game for the Bears, and whether he wants to be a part of that organization again remains to be seen. Nevertheless, the connection is there. Chicago general manager Ryan Poles revealed earlier this month that the team is looking for a new head coach who is a great leader and holds players accountable. Freeman certainly fits this description. "There's going to be some [head-coaching candidates] that you don't expect that are going to surprise you because we're digging deeper than we ever have before," said Poles. Could Freeman be that surprise candidate for Chicago? Even if he does not become the next head coach of the Bears, it likely won't be long before he becomes an NFL head coach. Unfortunately for Notre Dame, that could happen shortly after they play in this season's College Football Playoff National Championship on Jan. 20.

Entertainment
'90s TV shows that we need to see on our screens again
NHL
Oilers have insurance against NHL Investigation into…
NHL
Off-Ice 'Mess' Between Pastrnak and Marchand Gets Bad for Bruins
College Football
Urban Meyer doesn't hold back thoughts on James Franklin's…

James Franklin's aggressive coaching cost Penn State a trip to the national title game. During an appearance on FS1's "The Herd" this Friday, former Ohio State coach Urban Meyer offered his thoughts on the Orange Bowl. With less than a minute remaining, Nicholas Singleton had a 13-yard run for Penn State. Instead of keeping the ball on the ground, Franklin dialed up a pass for Drew Allar. Despite being careful with the football all season long, Allar made a dangerous throw over the middle of the field that essentially sank the team's season. Notre Dame defensive back Christian Gray intercepted Allar's pass with a little over 30 seconds left on the game clock. A few plays later, Mitch Jeter made a game-winning field goal for the Fighting Irish. So, what does Meyer think about Franklin's decision to go for it late in the fourth quarter? He made it clear that he's not a fan of that strategy. Meyer told FS1's Colin Cowherd that Penn State should've played it safe. With overtime looming, there was no reason for the Nittany Lions to get anxious in that spot. "I even said to myself, 'Don't do it.' Play this thing out, run the football one more time. If you get near midfield, then go ahead," Meyer said. "Drew Allar is going to have to live with that one for a long time. But I saw the same thing the country saw. Penn State's receivers had a hard time getting open. You can put this all on the quarterback, but it's not [all on him]." Franklin might not agree with that assessment. He told reporters that he won't pin the loss on one play. "Everyone wants to look at a specific play," Franklin said. "But there's probably eight to 12 plays in that game that could have made a difference. I'm not going to call out specific plays or specific players. There are a ton of plays where we could have done better." Unfortunately for Franklin, he'll have to live with his decision for a while. The only way Penn State fans will get over it is if he gets back to this spot next season.

NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys react to Cooper Rush's parting message after…
Which singers have the greatest voices in music history?
Entertainment
It takes two: 25 of the best R&B duets
NHL
New York Rangers Forward Mika Zibanejad Reportedly Not…
College Football
Paul Finebaum slams College Football Playoff team for 'arrogance'
NFL
Steelers' Mike Tomlin Slams Russell Wilson As He Avoids Taking…
NHL
Ex-NHL defenseman calls Matt Rempe the worst player in the…
20 things you must do on the French Riviera
NFL
Bears add franchise icon to list of HC…
College Football
Everybody wondered the same thing about Ohio State's…
NHL
Ex-Maple Leafs Goalie Samsonov: Shaken Strange Mental Blocks

Honestly, if you were any kind of a Toronto Maple Leafs fan, it was hard not to root for beleaguered goalie Ilya Samsonov. During his time in Toronto, Samsonov was an enigma. His talent was evident. However, his mental blocks seemed to keep him from reaching his full potential. One good game, one bad game. One stellar stretch in the crease, one stretch where everything got past him. In fact, last season, he was sent down on waivers to the American Hockey League (AHL) Toronto Marlies. No one picked him up. He never played with the Marlies, but he did seem to achieve a mental rest and reset. He returned strong enough but never quite recaptured the magic of his first season in Toronto. Samsonov Lands in the Nevada Desert When the Maple Leafs decided to move on after the 2023-24 season, Samsonov signed with the Vegas Golden Knights for $1.8 million. How has his season gone so far? The answer might be a surprise to Maple Leafs fans. Samsonov seems to have overcome some personal struggles that held him back in the Ontario capital. Samsonov has revitalized his career with the Golden Knights. He’s put up an impressive 11-3-1 record with a 2.65 goals-against average and a .907 save percentage through 15 games this season. As a fan, I can only say good for him. What a turnaround it’s been! After casting aside his own ups and downs and leaving the scrutiny of playing in Toronto, Samsonov has succeeded with the Golden Knights. It wasn’t instant stardom. Instead, Samsonov went step by step. Let’s hope he’s in a good place mentally and can continue his solid play. Right now, if the jury were to weigh in, he’s shown he has what it takes to be a reliable NHL goalie. Seems Samsonov Has Overcome His Mental Blocks Samsonov‘s season started rocky. In late November, he gave up six goals in a rough 6-0 loss to Utah. It seemed like the same old struggles might follow him to Vegas. But then something clicked. He bounced back with a gritty shootout win against the Philadelphia Flyers and followed it up with a series of steady games. By December, he was on fire—winning four straight games, including a shutout against the Calgary Flames. Now, into January 2025, Samsonov has strung together six straight wins. He hasn’t allowed more than two goals in any of those games. He’s also posted a solid .907 save percentage. His confidence is back, his game is steady, and he’s sharing the crease in tandem with Adin Hill. Has Samsonov Turned the Page for Good? Samsonov has recreated his own narrative. From battling confidence issues in Toronto to becoming a key player in Las Vegas, his story is one of a talented goalie who just stuck to it. Perhaps Maple Leafs’ fans who still have mixed feelings about seeing him thrive elsewhere should remember how sad it was to see such a likable youngster struggle. Samsonov never whined or complained, but he had to be frustrated. Still, while playing in Toronto, he was a class act, and it was easy to see he was one of the good guys. For me, it’s great to see him back on track. So here’s to Samsonov. He’s proof that sometimes a fresh start someplace else is what a player needs.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More Wizards News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/wizards_veteran_most_disappointing_season_of_career/s1_17136_41557960 
 ----- 
