Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Padres turn back Giants in 10th, complete key sweep
Share
Padres turn back Giants in 10th, complete key sweep
September 16th, 2024

AJ Cassavell

@AJCassavell
Share
;

4 SECONDS REMAINING

SAN FRANCISCO -- An opportunity awaited the Padres in San Francisco this weekend. There are six other teams currently in the National League playoff picture, and those six teams were all playing series against each other elsewhere.

Which gave the Padres this assurance: If they won, they knew they’d gain ground on ... somebody.

As it turned out, they gained ground on everybody.

San Diego completed a tremendously important sweep of the Giants with a 4-3 victory in 10 innings on Sunday afternoon at Oracle Park. The win moved them 20 games above .500 for the first time since 2010.

“It was huge,” Fernando Tatis Jr. said of the sweep. “Especially with how close the standings are right now. This team is on a mission, and we definitely want to get there. This is what it takes.”

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

Tatis’ eighth-inning homer -- the first of his career as a pinch-hitter -- put the Padres on top. In the ninth, closer Robert Suarez endured his second blown save in three attempts. But San Diego pulled ahead for good with a two-run rally in the 10th, improving to 9-1 in extra-innings this season (after a dreadful 2-12 mark a year ago).

“When you get into close games, it’s about execution,” said manager Mike Shildt.

With the win, San Diego remained 3 1/2 games back of the Dodgers in the National League West race after Los Angeles beat the Braves on Sunday Night Baseball.

In fact, the Padres emerged from their weekend series closer to the top of the division than the cut line. Their sweep moved them 3 1/2 games ahead of the Mets, currently the first team on the outside of the playoff picture.

Related
Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

Pipeline Inbox: How Salas' bat could get back on an elite track

38 minutes ago

Padres look to continue success in signing top int'l prospects

January 9th, 2025

What are Padres' plans behind the plate?

January 6th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

The Padres also picked up two games on the Diamondbacks, who narrowly avoided a sweep with a 10-inning win over Milwaukee on Sunday. San Diego leads the race for the top Wild Card spot by 1 1/2 games over Arizona. It’s a lot to take in.

“There’s other teams close to us,” Tatis said. “Obviously we want to win every single game. But if you’re into baseball -- and this group loves the game -- everybody’s paying attention.”

Tatis was out of the starting lineup Sunday, another planned off-day as part of his return to action following an extended absence due to a stress reaction in his right leg. The Padres would prefer to avoid using Tatis at all on those off-days. (After his pinch-hit at-bat, they didn’t play the Platinum Glover in right field.)

But with the game tied at 1 in the eighth, the situation clearly called for Tatis. He wasted no time, launching the first pitch into the left-center-field seats for his first career pinch-hit home run.

“I was going to be ready no matter what,” Tatis said.

The Padres, who got five-plus innings of one-run ball from lefty starter Martín Pérez, carried a 2-1 lead into the ninth. That’s when Suarez -- who had blown only two saves in the ninth inning across the season’s first five months -- endured his second in three outings.

Ten days ago, Suarez put three men aboard, then surrendered a go-ahead grand slam to the Tigers’ Parker Meadows. He wasn’t nearly as shaky on Sunday. But Giants left fielder Heliot Ramos hit an opposite-field home run on Suarez’s 100.2-mph fastball, tying the game at 2.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The Padres, of course, have plenty of closer candidates in their loaded bullpen. But Shildt left no doubt after the game that Suarez remains his guy.

“I will take him tomorrow in a one-run game, I’ll tell you that,” Shildt said.

As they have all season, the Padres responded. David Peralta singled home the go-ahead run in the 10th. Luis Arraez -- who extended his streak without a strikeout to 140 plate appearances -- hit an opposite-field double. That moved Peralta to third, before he scored on Donovan Solano’s RBI groundout.

The Padres brought a two-run lead to the bottom of the 10th inning, where they flaunted their embarrassment of riches in the bullpen. They’d already used their four highest-leverage arms. And yet, they still had Adrian Morejon -- who owns a 3.00 ERA and a 2.86 FIP across 60 innings this season -- for the 10th. Morejon nailed down his second career save.

“It feels great to be a part of this bullpen,” Morejon said through interpreter Pedro Gutierrez. “… We have a chance to give the team an opportunity to win every single day.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Diego Padres

AJ Cassavell covers the Padres for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/fernando-tatis-jr-hits-1st-career-pinch-hit-homer-as-padres-sweep 
 ----- 
