Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
San Francisco Giants Slugger Slams McCovey Cove First at Oracle Park
Heliot Ramos did something no other San Francisco Giants hitter has done when he homered into McCovey Cove.
Matthew Postins | Sep 16, 2024
Sep 15, 2024; San Francisco, California, USA; San Francisco Giants outfielder Heliot Ramos (21) hits a solo home run during the ninth inning against the San Diego Padres at Oracle Park. / Bob Kupbens-Imagn Images
In this story:
San Francisco Giants

Among the iconic parts of Oracle Park, the home of San Francisco Giants baseball, is McCovey Cove.

Right behind the short porch in right field and a pedestrian walkway is the cove named for the Giants Hall of Fame slugger. For hitters with the right amount of power and pull, sending one to the Cove is a rite of passes for power hitters for every team.

But, up until Sunday, the privilege of slamming one to McCovey Cove had been the exclusive domain of left-handed hitters.

On Sunday, Giants outfielder Heliot Ramos crashed the party.

The slugger, who is enjoying a breakthrough Major League season, hit his first home run into McCovey Cove. The compelling par is that Ramos is the first right-handed hitter to do it.

Before Ramos, as NBC Sports Bay Area pointed out, the previous 104 players to do it all hit from the left-hand side of the plate.

So, what does it take for a right-handed hitter to send one opposite field into McCovey Cove?

Well, a fast pitch helps. Per MLB’s Sarah Langs, Ramos connected on a 100.2 mph pitch. That was the fastest pitch a Giants player has homered off of in the pitch-tracking era, dating back to 2008.

Ramos’ home run traveled 398 feet and had an exit velocity of 103.8 mph. So, a lot of things had to converge the right way for this to happen.

Turns out, earlier this week, Ramos told NBC Sports Bay Area that he was hoping to become the first right-hander to do it.

Mission accomplished.

And, NBC Sports Bay Area did something cool, showing Ramos watch the replay when he realized he had done it.

It’s been an incredible season for the Puerto Rico native, who was the Giant’s 2017 first-round pick but, up until this season, had trouble fulfilling that promise.

Injuries to Jorge Soler and Jung Hoo Lee opened up the opportunity for regular playing time and he’s responded.

In 31 games with the Giants in 2022-23, he never batted above .200. By mid-July this year, he made the National League All-Star team for the first time.

This year Ramos has a slash line of .267/.321/.469/.790 with 21 home runs and 68 RBI.

While in Arlington, Texas, for the All-Star Game, he said something to Giants Baseball Insider that summed up his season to that point, but could have been about Sunday’s McCovey Cove first, too.

“This is a moment that I thought was never gonna happen,” he said. “Honestly, I thought I was going to be in the minor leagues all year. I thought that this moment was never going to get here.”

Now, once again, it’s here.

Published Sep 16, 2024
MATTHEW POSTINS

Matthew Postins is an award-winning sports journalist who covers the Texas Rangers, Philadelphia Phillies, Chicago Cubs, New York Mets and Houston Astros for Sports Illustrated/FanNation.

Home
/
San Francisco Giants News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/giants/san-francisco-giants-news/san-francisco-giants-slugger-slams-mccovey-cove-first-at-oracle-park 
 ----- 
