Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Guardians' big bats come back to life in much-needed victory
Share
Guardians' big bats come back to life in much-needed victory
September 15th, 2024

Mandy Bell

@MandyBell02
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

CLEVELAND -- This was the step in the right direction the Guardians have needed to take.

The bats had fallen silent. It’s the cruel up-and-down nature of the sport that every team experiences. The hope is that the ups happen in the most critical moments of the year and that the downs happen when there’s wiggle room to make a mistake. For the most part, that luck has fallen in Cleveland’s favor this year, but as a potential postseason berth inches closer, short-term skids can feel like an eternity.

That’s why one could feel a weight lift off the shoulders of every fan at Progressive Field on Saturday night, when Lane Thomas and José Ramírez hit back-to-back homers in the eighth inning to put the Rays away, 6-1. Because the Royals won earlier in the day, the Guardians’ lead in the American League Central remains at three games.

Complete coverage: Guardians’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

“It was just a matter of time before the bats woke up,” said Guardians starter Joey Cantillo, who tossed five scoreless innings. “They just kept fighting, and those guys put some good swings on the ball. Then, obviously the six runs, you see the offense come alive. I just wanted to make sure my job was to keep us in the game.”

It wasn’t just about eking out a victory and getting back in the win column. Cleveland fans were ready to see their best hitters have life in their bats to get hot just in time for October to roll around. That included Josh Naylor, Ramírez and Thomas.

Naylor was 1-for-his-last-13 when he stepped in the batter’s box with the infield in and the bases loaded in the sixth inning. He had gone 22 plate appearances without knocking in a run and had only plated three in September thus far. But instead of trying to do too much, Naylor simply put the ball in play and watched it sneak through the infield into center field to knock in two runs and shift momentum back in his favor. In his next at-bat, he laced a single into left.

Related
Guardians avoid arb, lock up Kwan and Thomas for 2025

January 9th, 2025

Who will snag Guardians' No. 5 starter spot?

January 8th, 2025

The 10 rarest, wildest box score lines of 2024

December 30th, 2024

Ramírez, Clase recognized with All-MLB First Team nods

November 15th, 2024

Don't sleep on these 5 Guardians who set up the G3 drama

October 18th, 2024

Santana returning to Guards; Josh Naylor traded to D-backs

December 23rd, 2024

Naylor has been critical to the Guardians’ success this season. The team is now 39-19 when he has at least one RBI. But when he’s going at the same time as Ramírez, that’s when this offense becomes dangerous.

September certainly hasn’t been Ramírez’s best month. It hasn’t been his worst month, either. But the Guardians need more from him in October than just being in the middle of the pack. They need their RBI machine at his peak. So, when Ramírez turned on a slider and sent it into the right-field seats just three pitches after Thomas hit his home run to left, it could only be a positive.

“Obviously [Ramírez is] one of the better players in the league,” Thomas said. “Getting to watch him every day and just see the versatility … it’s pretty incredible. [He] hits for power, plays good defense. Seeing it every day in person is a lot different than across the field, for sure.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Now, here’s where the Guardians can take this lineup to the next level. They knew they would need Naylor and Ramírez in October. What they didn’t know was what Thomas would bring to the table when they acquired him from the Nationals on July 29. He was known to be an average hitter, but he wasn’t a power bat. In fact, he carried a streak of 213 at-bats without a long ball before his first one with Cleveland on Sept. 2. Since then, he’s had four homers in his past 44 at-bats.

“I’m almost glad I struggled a little bit and was able to expose something and fix what was wrong before the season ended,” Thomas said. “Just going to try to keep building off of that stuff.”

This is what the Guardians traded for at the Deadline. They wanted a wild card who could bring some extra energy to the lineup. In September, Thomas has given everyone a glimpse of what that could look like in October. Can it stay? That’s hard to predict. But Cleveland knows it will take more than just Ramírez and Naylor once the postseason rolls around. The club is hoping Saturday was a good start.

“If you look at our offense over the course of the whole year, [Ramírez] and Nayls have carried the majority of the load,” Vogt said. “But when we’re at our best, not only are those guys going, but everyone else is contributing.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians
José Ramírez
Lane Thomas
Josh Naylor

Mandy Bell covers the Guardians for MLB.com. Listen to her on the Ballpark Dimensions podcast with Sarah Langs.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/lane-thomas-jose-ramirez-hit-back-to-back-homers-guardians-beat-rays 
 ----- 
