SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Euro 2024 five quick hits — Italy scores last-second goal against Croatia, Hungarian forward has facial surgery, and Southgate stays quiet on Lineker criticism

Topic:
Sport

Mon 24 Jun
Monday 24 June

Croatia's Josip Stanisic kneels on the pitch in devastation after the Italy scored a last second goal to hurt Croatia's chances at Euro 2024. (Getty Images: Jan Woitas/picture alliance)

abc.net.au/news/euro-2024-tuesday-five-quick-hits-italy-defeats-croatia/104017208
Link copied
Share article

A late goal from Italy sends Croatia packing, Hungary offers an update on their attacker after a horror clash with Scotland's goalkeeper, and the England manager refuses to be drawn into ongoing criticism of his team.

Here are the five quick hits looking at the latest news and results from Monday night into Tuesday morning.

1. Late goal for Italy breaks Croatian hearts as Modric becomes oldest goalscorer

Italy substitute Mattia Zaccagni scored in the last minute of stoppage time for Italy to advance to the knockout stage of Euro 2024 after drawing with Croatia 1-1 on Tuesday morning.

Luka Modric's second-half strike looked like sending Croatia through as the Group B runner-up, but Zaccagni swept a brilliant shot inside the far post in the eighth minute of added time to cap a furious finale from the defending champions.

Italy needed a point to progress, while Croatia realistically needed a win to stay in the tournament. The Croatians have two points from their three games and must wait on other results to see if it's enough to scrape through as one of the best third-place finishers.

Modric became the oldest goalscorer ever at a European Championship.

The Croatian superstar, who is 38 years, 289 days old, claimed the opening goal on a rebound in the 55th minute, within a minute of having a penalty saved by Italy goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma.

The previous record was held by Ivica Vastic, who was 38 years, 257 days old when he scored for Austria against Poland at Euro 2008.

2. Spain runs with an almost entirely new team and still accounts for Albania

Spain changed almost its entire line-up and still kept up its victorious start to Euro 2024 with a 1-0 win over Albania, which was eliminated.

With his team already assured of winning Group B, Spain coach Luis de la Fuente made 10 changes to his starting line-up, and Spain won all three group games at a Euros for the first time since 2008, when it won the tournament.

A 13th-minute goal from Ferran Torres gave Spain the win on Tuesday morning (AEST) and goalkeeper David Raya's stoppage-time save from Armando Broja ensured Spain completed the group stage without conceding a goal.

Albania needed at least a draw to have any hope of qualifying for the knockout stages for the first time, even as one of the best third-place teams.

Albania's failure to beat Spain meant England, France and the Netherlands were all assured of qualifying for the knockout stages.

3. Hungarian forward has facial surgery after horror clash

Hungary forward Barnabás Varga is expected to be released from hospital today after undergoing surgery on facial fractures he sustained in a collision with Scotland's goalkeeper at the European Championship.

The match was halted for nearly 10 minutes so Varga could get treatment after colliding with Angus Gunn midway through the second half.

The 29-year-old Varga was carried off on a stretcher and taken to a Stuttgart hospital.

Scotland's goalkeeper Angus Gunn collides with Hungary's Barnabas Varga, in the white to the right. (AP: Matthias Schrader)

"Barnabás Varga underwent a successful operation at Klinikum Stuttgart on Monday afternoon," the Hungarian soccer federation wrote on X.

"According to the information of the institution's doctors specialising in facial injuries, the intervention was uncomplicated, so the Ferencváros striker can leave the hospital on Wednesday."

Hungary won 1-0 with a dramatic stoppage-time goal from substitute Kevin Csoboth to leave it with a chance of advancing at Euro 2024, though Varga will play no further part.

Several of Varga's teammates appeared to be in tears as the forward received treatment on the field. They held up blankets to shield Varga as he was tended to by medical staff.

Players hold a blanket as medical personnel treat Varga. (AP: Antonio Calanni)

The Hungary players frantically signalled to medical staff after the incident and several have since spoken out about how long it took for Varga to receive treatment. Varga also sustained a concussion.

"I think, yes, it took so long. I can understand, everybody understands the protocol, and what they have to wait, but the life is more important than the football, then the health is more important," Csoboth said.

"We wanted to push them to go [on the field], it doesn't matter what will happen, and that's the problem. We did not agree with them, why they did not go [on the field] immediately?"

Hungary captain Dominik Szoboszlai rushed to run with the stretcher because he was concerned with how long it was taking to bring it onto the field.

UEFA insists "there was no delay in the treatment of and assistance to" Varga.

4. Southgate refuses to be drawn into Lineker's England critcism 

Gary Lineker's stinging criticism of England created waves at the European Championship.

Gareth Southgate, however, said he was "oblivious" to the four-letter assessment delivered by one of England's greatest players and one of Britain's biggest television stars.

"It is not important to me at all," he said. 

"If you don't open yourself to it, it can't affect you."

England's preparations for its final Group C game against Slovenia on Wednesday morning have been conducted against the backdrop of media and public criticism after the team's 1-1 draw with Denmark.

Gareth Southgate is refusing to listen to the criticism from pundits surrounding his team. (Getty Images: Shaun Botterill/FIFA)

"We have to reflect the mood of the nation," Lineker, the former England captain, said on his podcast, The Rest is Football. 

"I can't imagine anybody, who is English, that would have enjoyed England's performance because it was lethargic, it was dour.

"You can think of all sorts of words and expletives if you like," he added, before calling their performances "shit".

His comments made headlines in the English media and earned rebuke from captain Harry Kane.

Southgate chose not to engage.

"The great thing about being in this job for a long time is I've managed to realise how to manage myself in the best way," he said.

"So a few years ago I would've read things, I would've listened to things, and it would've saddened me and it would've taken energy from me. Now I have to cut myself off from it."

5. Unlucky Lukaku holds off on goal celebrations due to VAR

Belgium striker Romelu Lukaku is "scared to celebrate" when he scores after having three goals ruled out after video review at the European Championship, teammate Jérémy Doku said.

Lukaku had two goals overturned by VAR in Belgium's shock 1-0 loss to Slovakia last week, one for offside and one for an earlier handball by Loïs Openda. VAR spotted another offside when Lukaku scored in the 2-0 win over Romania on Saturday that got Belgium's campaign on track.

Lukaku has yet to score a valid goal at Euro 2024 but Doku said his teammate remains upbeat.

"He would have liked to have the goals because, now when he scores, I think he's scared to celebrate," Doku said.

"He didn't have a lot of luck, but he's happy. He's happy because we won our last game. Of course, as a striker, he always wants to score and of course you think of your individual stats, it's normal. But he's happy with the impact that he's having on our team and the chances he's creating.

"If you watch the games you can see how important he is for us. He didn't score but he gave an assist and that's important as well."

Next matches (all AEST):

France v Poland — 2am Wednesday

Netherlands v Austria — 2am Wednesday

Denmark v Serbia — 5am Wednesday

England v Slovenia — 5am Wednesday

AP/ABC

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Mon 24 Jun 2024 at 9:57pm
Monday 24 Jun 2024 at 9:57pm
Related topics

Soccer

Sport

Top Stories
Plane carrying 181 crashes during landing in South Korea, at least 85 dead

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

Photo shows Fire on a crashed plane with thick smoke.
School chaplain killed in shark attack while spearfishing off Queensland coast

Topic:
Shark Attacks

Bushwalker's body found in Tasmania's remote south-west

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

Musk vows 'war' over work visa in first row with MAGA supporters

Topic:
World Politics

Celestial V70 named as provisional overall winner of this year's Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race

Topic:
Sailing

Just In
Man airlifted to hospital in serious condition after NSW plane crash

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

4m ago
4 minutes ago
Celestial V70 named as provisional overall winner of this year's Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race

Topic:
Sailing

53m ago
53 minutes ago
Evacuation order as bushfires bear down on communities in WA's Mid West

Topic:
Bushfires

27m ago
27 minutes ago
Two people drown at notoriously dangerous beach in WA's South West

Topic:
Drownings

48m ago
48 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-06-25/euro-2024-tuesday-five-quick-hits-italy-defeats-croatia/104017208 
 ----- 
