Skip To Content
 Trending Now
| Twitter
 
| Facebook
 
| Instagram

ALLABOUTFPL: Your one stop place for all FPL tips, FPL captain picks, FPL news, FPL players, previews, reviews,differential picks, analysis and weekly updates.

Your one stop place for all FPL tips, FPL captain picks, FPL news, FPL players, previews, reviews,differential picks, analysis and weekly updates.

Follow us on
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Twitter
Feed
Menu
  
Search
Euro Fantasy MD3- Predicted Goals & Captain Picks For Each Day
2024 Euro Fantasy MD3 Ultimate Guide Euro Fantasy Football Game week Preview UEFA Euro 2024 Fantasy Ultimate Guide
June 23, 2024Fantasy Fenomenon
Euro Fantasy MD3- Predicted Goals & Captain Picks For Each Day

In this article, we take a look at the Predicted Goals for all 24 teams in the final round of the group stage and the Best Euro Fantasy Captain Picks: “Safe” options and “Risky” options for each 4 days of MD3. The Predicted Goals table is based on the teams’ performances during the first 2 matches and it’s assumed that will continue their form in the final round, which might not be the case for the qualified teams like Spain & Portugal!

Link to all our 2024 Euro Fantasy MD3 blogs in one place including Players to Target, Differentials, Captaincy metrics, Scout picks, Chip strategy, Budget Enablers, Tips, and more. Completely free to access as well!

Euro Fantasy Matchday 3 Predicted Goals Table

Further Read: Euro Fantasy MD3 – Best Fixtures And Players To Target

Euro Fantasy MD3 – Best Captain Picks for Day 1 (June 23rd)
Safe Pick: Any German Attacking asset who starts the match against Switzerland will be a great safe pick for the first day of MD3. My preferences in order are: I) I. Gundogan (€7m-MID) & J. Musiala (€8.5m-MID) as their best players overall during the first two matches, II) N. Fullkrug (€7m-FWD) has too much potential to score goals if he’s provided with enough minutes, and III) K. Havertz (€7.5m-FWD) & F. Wirtz (€7.5m-MID) are likely to redo their great performance of MD1 if they start the match for Germany.
Risky Pick: This is the last chance for Hungary’s Talisman D. Szoboszlai (€7m-MID) to lead his team towards a win in the group stage. Hungary has been a better team compared to Scotland according to the numbers, and Szoboszlai is the player to gamble your captaincy if you want to play against the majority by avoiding a German captain for the first day.

Further Read: Euro Fantasy Matchday Three Limitless Draft with Keynotes

Euro Fantasy MD3 – Best Captain Picks for Day 2 (June 24th)
Safe Pick: Spain’s match against Albania is surely the one to focus on the second day and M. Oyarzabal (€7.5m-MID) is the safest player to pick as your captain. Spain is predicted to score a lot of goals in this match and according to possible rotations of their squad, Oyarzabal will be the target player in their attacking line. He already had 4 goals in their last two friendlies before Euro which shows his great form as well.
Risky Pick: A. Grimaldo (€5m-DEF) is the best player to gamble the captaincy here, as he had a great season with his club recently with too many goal contributions and now he finally has the chance to start the match for Spain. In addition to his potential attacking returns, there is also a high chance of a clean sheet for him against Georgia, as Spain conceded zero goals during their first two matches (against Croatia and Italy).

Further Read: 2024 Euro Fantasy MD3 – Top Differential Picks to Consider

Euro Fantasy MD3 – Best Captain Picks for Day 3 (June 25th)
Safe Pick: K. Mbappe (€11m-FWD) & A. Griezmann (€9m-FWD) are two French strikers with high capability of goal contributions against Poland in their final match of the group stage. Poland had had poor defensive statistics in the tournament and it seems safe to pick an on-form French forward against them. If Mbappe recovers fully and can start the match, he is the best captaincy option of the third day, while Griezmann comes next for me.
Risky Pick: C. Gakpo (€7.5m-FWD) is also capable of collecting many fantasy points for your team against Austria, as he is the best striker Netherlands has at the moment. Their opponent is still tougher than France, but I think it might be worth selecting Gakpo as your captain if you wish to gamble! H. Kane (€9m-FWD) is also another player to mention, despite England’s poor performance during the first two matches. But if you think that they might do something special against Slovenia, the team that was supposed to be the weakest of their group, Kane is the player to go risky as your captain.

Further Read: Euro Fantasy MD3 – Best Fixtures And Players To Target

Euro Fantasy MD3 – Best Captain Picks for Day 4 (June 26th)
Safe Pick: R. Lukaku (€9m-FWD) & K. De Bruyne (€9.5m-MID) are the proven (and unlucky) attacking assets from Belgium and they are the clear safe captaincy options for the last day of MD3. Belgium will do their best and have a lot to play for, while they need to win their last match against Ukraine to qualify for the next round. Lukaku and De Bruyne have been among the players with the highest xGI (xG + xA) in the competition so far and they are keys for Belgium to achieve a great win in the third round.
Risky Pick: D. Jota (€8.5m-FWD) is the best player you can get from Portugal and their easy match against Georgia. Portugal is already assured to advance for the next round as the top team of their group, which means there will be at least some rotations in their starting squad. Jota is one of these players with a high possibility of starting the match and leading the attacking line, while he had a great record of returning whenever he started for the national team.
Further reads from ALLABOUTFPL ahead of Euro Fantasy MD3

2024 Euro Fantasy MD3 Ultimate Guide: Tips, Differentials & More
Euro Fantasy Matchday Three Limitless Draft with Keynotes
Euro Fantasy MD3 – Best Fixtures And Players To Target
Euro Fantasy MD3- Predicted Goals & Captain Picks For Each Day
2024 Euro Fantasy MD3 – Top Differential Picks to Consider

Other Reads:
UEFA Euro 2024 Fantasy Guide- Rules, Scoring, Chips, Subs, etc
Key Differences between Euro Fantasy & FPL Explained
2024 Euros- Predicted Lineups and Formation for all 24 Teams
UEFA Euro 2024- Penalty And Set Piece Takers Of All 24 Teams
Euro 2024 Fantasy: Fixture Difficulty Rating (FDR)
Euro 2024 Predicted Goals (For & Against) of All 24 Teams
2024 Euro Fantasy: The A-Team Chip Strategy Guide

Link to all our 2024 Euro Fantasy MD3 blogs in one place including Players to Target, Differentials, Captaincy metrics, Scout picks, Chip strategy, Budget Enablers, Tips, and more. Completely free to access as well!

Thanks for reading the “Euro Fantasy MD3 Captaincy” blog. Keep checking allaboutfpl.com for regular blogs. Also, follow our 150,000+ community on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter to stay updated on regular Posts and FPL updates.

What’s next from ALLABOUTFPL ahead of the 2024 UEFA Euro Fantasy MD3?

We’ll be covering differential picks, players to target, captaincy analysis, chip strategy, budget enablers, tips, scout picks for each matchday and more. Keep checking allaboutfpl.com for all our blogs. We’ll also be posting regularly about the same on our social media accounts so follow us on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook and keep our notification ON.

Our content is always free and if you like our content do drop a comment, follow, subscribe, and support us. Your love is what keeps us going:)

AllAboutFPL is rated as the best Fantasy Football blog in the world by Football content awards, So make sure you don’t miss out on our content; Link to all our 2024 Euro Fantasy MD3 blogs in one place

Euro Fantasy Deadline Countdown

Login and set your team for Euro Fantasy Matchday 3 now!

The following two tabs change content below.
Bio
Latest Posts
Fantasy Fenomenon
a Football Fantasy fan enjoying Data Analysis
Share this:
FacebookX
Like this:
Loading...
Facebook
Twitter
Email
WhatsApp
Copy Link
Share
Tagged Day Wise Euro Fantasy Matchday 3 Captain Picks, Day Wise Euro Fantasy MD3 Captain Picks, Euro Fantasy Captaincy, Euro Fantasy Captaincy Explained, Euro Fantasy Matchday 3 Captaincy, Euro Fantasy Matchday 3 Predicted Goals, Euro Fantasy Matchday 3 Predicted Goals Table, Euro Fantasy MD3 Best Captain Picks, Euro Fantasy MD3 Predicted Goals, Who to captain in Euro Fantasy MD3?
Fantasy Fenomenon
a Football Fantasy fan enjoying Data Analysis
Post navigation
Euro Fantasy MD3 – Best Fixtures And Players To Target
2024 Euro Fantasy MD4 – Top Differential Picks | Euro Round of 16
RELATED POSTS
  

2023 Football Content Awards Best in Fantasy Football Editorial Gold Award Winner 

 551
Who is your FPL Gameweek 19 Captain Choice?

Gordon vs Man United(A)

Trent Alexander Arnold vs West Ham(A)

Salah vs West Ham(A)

Martinelli vs Brentford(A)

Morgan Rogers vs Brighton(H)

Gabriel Jesus vs Brentford(A)

Haaland vs Leicester(A)

Odegaard vs Brentford(A)

Amad Diallo vs Newcastle(H)

Mbeumo vs Arsenal(H)

Mateta vs Southampton(H)

Semenyo vs Fulham(A)

Wood vs Everton(A)

Nicolas Jackson vs Ipswich(A)

Son vs Wolvea(H)

Cunha vs Spurs(A)

Gvardiol vs Leicester(A)

Wissa vs Arsenal(H)

Solanke vs Wolves(H)

Bowen vs Liverpool(H)

Joao Pedro vs Aston Villa(A)

Watkins vs Brighton(H)

Evanilson vs Fulham(A)

Palmer vs Ispwich(A)

Phil Foden vs Leicester(A)

Isak vs Man united(A)

Sarr vs Southampton(H)

SLEEPER PICK’EM PREDICTION GAME

Join our Pick ‘Em League on Sleeper -> Predict PL Games & win monthly & season rewards

Link to join our Pick’em League on the Sleeper App

SLEEPER PICK’EM GAME
2024/25 FPL GW19 DEADLINE
DAYS
0
HOURS
8
MINUTES
32
SECONDS
39
AWARDS & RECOGNITIONS

2021: Bronze Award for Best in Fantasy Football Editorial
2022: Silver Award for Best in Fantasy Football Editorial
2023: Gold Award for Best in Fantasy Football Editorial

Three time awards winners at the Football Content Awards from 2021-2023

SLEEPER DRAFT FANTASY

Play Premier League Draft Fantasy on Sleeper for Free
Link to Download App

SLEEPER DRAFT FANTASY GAME
BRILLIANTLY

SAFE!

allaboutfpl.com
CONTENT & LINKS

Verified by Sur.ly

2022

If you like our content do consider supporting us by buying us a coffee/drink. Your contributions will help us cover operational costs and deliver quality content for free



  
| Twitter
 
| Facebook
 
| Instagram
AllAboutFPL 2022, All Rights Reserved. | Theme: Color Blog by Mystery Themes.
Back To Top
×
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://allaboutfpl.com/2024/06/euro-fantasy-md3-predicted-goals-captain-picks-for-each-day/ 
 ----- 
