Press Herald
Central Maine
Sun Journal
Times Record
Weekly Newspapers
Offcanvas Menu Open
Press Herald
Subscribe
-
$2.50/week
REGISTERJoin Craig Grossi, author and Marine Corps veteran, in conversation with Maine Voices Live
Maine weather, local news & community coverage. Subscribe to find out what's in store for 2025.
Boston Celtics
Sports
Celtics hold off depleted Nuggets as Tatum scores 29, Porzingis adds 25

Denver MVP Nikola Jokic sat out because of an illness.

Posted January 8
Updated January 8
PAT GRAHAM
Associated Press
2 min read
Gift article
Share
Print

Boston Celtics forward Jayson Tatum reacts after dunking the ball and drawing a foul in the first half of an NBA game Tuesday against the Denver Nuggets. David Zalubowski/Associated Press

DENVER — Jayson Tatum scored 29 points, Kristaps Porzingis added 25 and the Boston Celtics held off the depleted Denver Nuggets 118-106 on Tuesday night as three-time NBA MVP Nikola Jokic sat out because of an illness.

Porzingis had 11 rebounds, while Jrue Holiday contributed 19 points. The Celtics attempted 35 3-pointers, which was well below their season average of 50.17. Instead, they outscored the Nuggets by a 60-46 margin in the paint.

Russell Westbrook had 26 points for Denver and eight turnovers. Michael Porter Jr. added 15 points and 10 rebounds as the Nuggets dropped to 10-7 at home. They were 33-8 last season.

Trailing by as many as 15 points in the first half, the Nuggets rallied to make sure the game stayed tight down the stretch. There was a momentary break with 8:56 remaining when a cup of ice spilled on the court. It took several minutes to clean up. Christian Braun followed with a 3-pointer to tie it at 93.

Dave Dyer's annual concessions column is upDave Dyer's annual concessions column is up
Explore More

Boston went on a 15-0 run to help cement the win.

The game between the last two NBA champions was setting up to feature two of the top players in the league. But Jokic went from probable to questionable to finally ruled out. The Nuggets were also missing Aaron Gordon (calf).

Advertisement

Takeaways

Celtics: Stellar defense down the stretch, including steals from Al Horford and Tatum.

Nuggets: The bench had a solid showing with Julian Strawther scoring 19 and Peyton Watson 14.

Key moment: Porter appeared to be fouled by Sam Hauser going in for a dunk with 2:57 left in the third quarter and Denver trailing 80-77. The Celtics won the challenge.

Key stat: There were 10 lead changes and eight ties.

Up next: The Nuggets turn around and host the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday night, while the Celtics play at home against Sacramento on Friday.

 Copy the Story Link

Join the Conversation

Please sign into your Press Herald account to participate in conversations below. If you do not have an account, you can register or subscribe. Questions? Please see our FAQs.

Send questions/comments to the editors.

FILED UNDER:
BOSTON CELTICS

« PREVIOUS

NEXT »

RELATED STORIES
BOSTON CELTICS
Celtics ravaged inside by Sabonis, Kings
BOSTON CELTICS
Celtics hint at crucial improvements after beating Nuggets for a 3-1 trip
BOSTON CELTICS
Celtics thump Rockets, now 2 for 2 on tough road trip
SPORTS
Unexpected challenger looms for Celtics entering 2025
BOSTON CELTICS
Jaylen Brown says Celtics need better defensive effort
LATEST ARTICLES
OPINION
Opinion: School choice in Maine is key to empowering families
OPINION
Opinion: A practical approach to a new Canadian state
OPINION
Jim Fossel: Legislators’ pay raise sends the wrong message
OPINION
Opinion: By supporting Maine families we keep Maine children safe
LETTERS
Letter: Pope Francis goes his own way on abortion
MOST READ STORIES
Fights disrupt Portland-Deering basketball game at Expo
Yarmouth approves Royal River dam removal to restore waterway and its inhabitants
Maine youth ice hockey is losing players. No one is sure how to stop it
Maine regulator clashes with lobstermen at turbulent meeting, withdraws catch size rules
At least 9 Maine school districts now affected by software breach
CONTACT US
About Us
Staff Directory
Send a Story Tip
Letters to the editor
FAQs
SUBSCRIBERS
Subscribe
Subscriber Resources
Subscriber Benefits
Home Delivery Help
Manage Account
Pay my Bill
Access ePaper
Newsletters & Alerts
Mobile Apps
Press Herald Events
Photo Store
Gifts and Merchandise
CONNECT WITH US
Email Newsletters
Facebook
Linked In
Instagram
ADVERTISE
Contact Advertising
Media Kit
Help Wanted Ads
Place an Obituary
PRESS HERALD EVENTS
Like A Boss
Maine Voices Live
Business Series
Newsroom Live
Source Maine Sustainability Awards
NETWORK
Work Here
Centralmaine.com
Sunjournal.com
Timesrecord.com
The Forecasters
Mainely Media Weeklies
Varsity Maine
Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Commenting Terms Public Notices Photo Store Merch Store Archive Search
© 2025 | All Rights Reserved | Press Herald
Some areas of this page may shift around if you resize the browser window. Be sure to check heading and document order.
 
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pressherald.com/2025/01/08/celtics-hold-off-depleted-nuggets-as-tatum-scores-29-porzingis-adds-25/ 
 ----- 
