Tuesday, December 17, 2024
Home
Advertise
Write for Us
About
Contact
Soccer News
Popular Tickets !
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
1
See Tickets
Home
News
Live Scores
Soccer Stats
Head 2 Head
Transfers
Betting
Tickets
More
icon
TRANSFER NEWS
1. Leicester City eye Chelsea midfielder Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall
2. Antonio Conte wants Nemanja Matic at Napoli
3. Manchester United linked with Sunderland star Chris Rigg
4. Manchester City explore Pogba deal
5. Arsenal want to sign Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic in January

Select Competition

▾

Select Team

▾
NEWS
LATEST
COLUMNS
LEAGUES
TOURNAMENTS
TRANSFERS
BETTING TIPS
MATCH PREVIEWS
SPECIALS
3Tips for you!
1
Bitesize Prediction: Malaga vs Eldense – 18/12/24 [...]
2
Bitesize Prediction: Ferrol vs Almeria – 18/12/24 [...]
3
December 18th: Wednesday’s EFL Cup Double – 3/1 Special, Betting Tips & Predictions [...]
This Week's Promos
£/€50 Free Match Bet

Claim up to £/€50 free sports match bet. Enter promo code: F50. New customers only.

18+. T&C Apply. Gamble Responsibly.
£25 MATCHED BET

Sign up with F25 promo code for up to £25 free matched bet. New customers only.

18+. T&C Apply. Gamble Responsibly.
Bitesize Prediction: Moldova vs Andorra – 10/10/24

Tom Dunstan in Betting Tips and News, UEFA Nations League 8 Oct 2024

 120 Views
0
COMMENTS

Competition: Nations League

Market: Moldova win

Odds: 2/5 @ BetUS

Looking to extend on their recent purple patch, Moldova will welcome Andorra to the Stadionul Zimbru on Thursday evening.

Starting with the hosts, while Moldova might have eventually fallen short last year in the race to book a maiden major tournament ticket, the Tricolours have continued on what has been a real flurry. Opening their Nations League adventure with a routine performance on home soil last month as they cruised their way to a 2-0 victory against Malta, Serghei Clescenco’s men should find the mood in their camp at a red-hot high. Securing an action-packed 3-2 win against Cyprus over the summer, Moldova should be smelling another golden opportunity here. In fact, Thursday’s hosts have won four of their previous five appearances across all competitions and are in the midst of their brightest run in recent memory. Finding some much-welcomed defensive steel last month and now registering consecutive clean sheets for the first time since June 2022, Clescenco’s side are rightfully pencilled in as a standout contender in midweek.

As for the visitors, while Moldova might be in the midst of a real purple patch, the same cannot be said for Andorra. Getting their respective Nations League adventure underway last month with a toothless 1-0 defeat at home against Malta, Koldo Alvarez’s side are at the heart of what has been a woeful rut. Putting just a pair of points on the board from any of their EURO 24 qualifying showdowns last year, the Reds have also failed to register a single victory from any of their previous 19 consecutive matchups across all fronts. Likewise, losing each of their last five appearances by an aggregate score of 10-0, Thursday’s guests have continued to show some glaring issues at both ends of the pitch. In fact, Andorra have found the net on just one occasion over the past 16 months. Given what is a huge recent gulf in class, we are backing a home victory here.

Bet: Moldova 2/5 to beat Andorra in Thursday’s Nations League battle @ BetUS

Soccer News Like
People like this.
Be the first of your friends! 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
 
Tom Dunstan



Formerly of The Independent, Tom has spent the past six years as one of our senior writers and betting experts. Alongside working with numerous publications from across the globe, Tom also graduated from the University of Falmouth in 2014 with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Digital Media.
Spending almost the past decade working in countries such as Australia, New Zealand and Canada, he has also spent time featuring in sports radio. Tom can be followed on Instagram - @iamtomdunstan

SHARE OR COMMENT ON THIS ARTICLE
0
COMMENTS
ADD COMMENT
Categories Betting Tips and News UEFA Nations League

SHARE THIS ARTICLE

Share
0
Shares
READ ALSO
December 18th: Wednesday’s EFL Cup Double – 3/1 Special, Betting Tips & Predictions
December 17th: Tuesday’s Daily Double – 4/1 Special, Betting Tips & Predictions
Luis Enrique credits PSG for keeping errors to a minimum in win over Lyon
Fonseca rues Milan´s decision-making and profligacy after Genoa stalemate
WE RECOMMEND
Could Liverpool have finally found consistency?
Wayne Rooney should take responsibility for his poor performances
Manchester City will take some stopping this season
Effects of Barcelona’s infectious team spirit examined
Comments (0)
Share your opinion
ADD COMMENT
NEWEST
OLDEST
Leave a Reply
Connect with:
  

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Join the conversation!

Login or Register

More
More
ABOUT LOGO

Get all the latest football news, betting tips, and promotions for all the major leagues around the world. Read in depth articles on all major Premier League events and other from countries with comments and opinions from our experienced bloggers. Also, find fixtures, results, and live score service. Read More

POPULAR
All Headlines
Transfer News
2022/23 Transfers
Statistics, Tables & Results
BETTING
Soccer Betting
Bookmakers
Bonus Offers
Promotions
INFORMATION
ToS
Privacy
Advertise
Partners
FOLLOW LOGO
Facebook
 
Instagram
 
News Feed
SIGN UP AND JOIN OUR TEAM!

For all betting related promotions and bonuses. 18+ Only. Please gamble responsibly!

 

SoccerNews.com Copyright © 2006 - 2024 All Rights Reserved.

For all betting related promotions and bonuses. 18+ Only. Please gamble responsibly! All odds quoted correct at time of publishing and subject to change.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.soccernews.com/bitesize-prediction-moldova-vs-andorra-10-10-24/376930/ 
 ----- 
