Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
New Zealand vs Afghanistan match in ODI Cricket World Cup 2023: TV channel, telecast and live stream details

RAHUL IYER

17 October, 2023
•
10:10 pm UTC

New Zealand and Afghanistan will kick off the fourth round of fixtures in the 2023 World Cup when they face off against each other at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai on Wednesday.

New Zealand have won all three of their group stage matches thus far, thrashing defending champions England in their first game before outplaying Netherlands and then overcoming Bangladesh in a tricky chase in Chennai 4 days ago.

MORE: Full Cricket World Cup 2023 fixtures & results | Bet on CWC 2023 matches here!

Afghanistan's campaign got off to a poor start as they were bowled out for 156 in their opening game against Bangladesh, and went on to lose by 6 wickets. They were then comprehensively beaten by India, but went on to shock the cricketing world as they outplayed England for a 69-run win in Delhi last Sunday.

When is NZ vs AFG CWC 2023 match?

The ICC World Cup 2023 game between New Zealand and Afghanistan will be played on Tuesday, October 18, 2023. 

Where is NZ vs AFG being played?

The match between New Zealand and Afghanistan will be played at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai. This will be the third match to be played at the venue in the 2023 ODI World Cup. 

What time does NZ vs AFG start?

The game between New Zealand and Afghanistan is scheduled to begin at 14:00 (IST) (+5:30 GMT).

Which TV channel in India will telecast NZ vs AFG?

Star Sports Network has acquired the rights to broadcast the ICC ODI World Cup 2023. The New Zealand vs Afghanistan match of the ODI World Cup 2023 will be broadcasted live in multiple languages (English, Hindi, and Vernacular) across the Star Sports Network. 

Country	TV channels
India	Star Sports 1, Star Sports 1 HD, Star Sports 2, Star Sports 2 HD, Star Sports 1 Hindi HD, Star Sports 1 Kannada HD, Star Sports 1 Tamil HD, Star Sports 1 Telugu HD, Star Sports Select 2 HD (English)

MORE: Who did Ricky Ponting choose as ideal captain for Team India?

Where will NZ vs AFG be live streamed?

The live streaming of the game between New Zealand and Afghanistan will be on Disney+ Hotstar. All the mobile users would be able to view the World Cup clash involving the hosts for free of cost on the Disney+ Hotstar mobile app.

Country	Live stream
India	Disney+ Hotstar
Who will win NZ vs AFG?

According to the Dafabet, the following are the odds for this Cricket World Cup 2023 match.

Team	Odds
New Zealand	 1.26
Afghanistan	4.00

Ready to make your predictions and win on the Cricket World Cup? To find all the latest odds, betting and cricket scores and fixtures from India click here

You can also play Dafabet's CWC 2023 predictor game, and win the latest Apple gadget and big INR prizes, by clicking here!

RAHUL IYER

Rahul is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/watch-nz-afg-tv-telecast-live-stream-cricket-world-cup-2023-match/65003a310188e5e2470364e8 
 ----- 
