Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu

37

WATCH
Sign In or Create Account
Settings
Sign Out
NEWS
Local
Nation & World
Entertainment
Offbeat
Videos
Connect to Congress
Election
Traffic
Schools
Armstrong Army Strong
Inside Your World
Election Results
Beyond The Podium
Question of the Day
Spotlight on America
Open for Business
Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson
Did You Know?
Addicted America
Crisis in the classroom
Wildfires
WEATHER
Weather Home
Radar
Maps
Closings
Flight Status
Ski Report
Cameras
ODOT Cameras
Umpqua River Info
7-Day Forecast
SPORTS
Sports Home
Ducks
Beavers
Sports
TICKETS
Friday Night Rivals
Friday Night Basketball
City Guide
GAME CENTER
Game Center Home
Sudoku
Memory Tiles
Crossword
Tricky Trivia
Secret Letter
Grand Cipher
Flip
Wordido
Baseball Bash
Dart Attack
Hit the Spot
Hoops Galore Indoor
Hoops Galore Outdoor
Classic Ten-Pin Bowling
Puck Luck
Volley
CHIME IN
MONEYNEW
Money Home
Deposits
Investing
Mortgages
Loans
Credit Cards
VETERANS
Veterans Home
Honor Flight
Hire A Veteran
Honor Our Veterans
STATION
Station Home
Contact
People
Careers
Schedule
Contests
KVAL Guests
Events
Community Calendar
Talent Request
Newsletter Sign Up
OUTDOORS
FEATURES
Pet of the Week
Sinclair Cares
Partner Spotlight
For Pet's Sake
Lifestyle Matters
Rethink the Drink
Podcasts
Birthdays
On the Money
LAWMAKERS
LEGAL
Terms & Conditions
Copyright Notices
EEO Public File Report
FCC Info
FCC Applications
Public File Assistance
Contact
News Team
Careers
Contests
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
ACCESSIBILITY
George Kirby twirls 6 shutout innings, Mariners snap 4-game losing streak beating Houston 6-2

by TIM BOOTH AP Sports Writer

Wed, September 27th 2023 at 10:30 PM
Updated Wed, September 27th 2023 at 7:37 AM
8
VIEW ALL PHOTOS
Seattle Mariners starting pitcher George Kirby throws to a Houston Astros batter during the first inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Seattle. (AP Photo/John Froschauer)

TOPICS:

BRYCE MILLER
GEORGE KIRBY
MARINERS
ASTROS
HOUSTON
SEATTLE
ERRORS
SHUTOUT INNINGS

SEATTLE — George Kirby embraced the situation facing the Seattle Mariners. It wasn't a must-win for their playoff hopes. But it was close.

“I love it. Big games, I always want the ball. I love pitching against the Astros and it fires you up a little more,” Kirby said.

Kirby escaped an early bases loaded jam to throw six shutout innings, Seattle took advantage of three Houston errors, and the Mariners snapped a four-game losing streak with a 6-2 win over the Astros on Tuesday night.

Seattle pulled within a half-game of Houston for the final wild card spot in the American League and trails Toronto by two games after the Blue Jays lost at home to the Yankees. The Mariners also gained a game on Texas in the AL West after the Rangers lost to the Angels.

“It really makes it interesting tomorrow night and that’s the way it’s going to be down the stretch here,” Seattle manager Scott Servais said. “We've got to come out tomorrow with the same kind of fire in our belly, because it was there today.”

Promoted Links
Empty heading
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kousen en zeggen dat ze niet meer zonder kunnen
Energieke Kousen

Houston didn’t help its cause matching a season-high with the three errors, two of which directly led to runs. Jose Altuve’s errant relay throw in the third inning allowed Mike Ford to score. In the fifth, Kyle Tucker’s throw from right field skipped away from third baseman Alex Bregman and into the Houston dugout allowing Julio Rodríguez to score.

“We didn’t play real well tonight. Kind of threw the ball around and then we didn’t back up the bases a couple times, so we didn’t play well tonight,” Astros manager Dusty Baker said.

Seattle also got a sacrifice fly from Rodríguez, and RBI singles from Cal Raleigh and Teoscar Hernández as the Mariners played with a lead for the first time in nearly a week. During its four-game losing streak, Seattle held the lead for only one half-inning.

Ty France homered for the first time since Aug. 15 with a solo shot in the eighth.

But Kirby (12-10) was the story for Seattle on a night the Mariners needed their young righty at his best.

“When you have the lead and you have George on the mound you feel really comfortable,” Hernández said.

Kirby allowed five hits and struck out four, but it was his escape act in the first inning that set the tone. Houston loaded the bases with one out, but Altuve was thrown out at home on José Abreu’s grounder and Yainer Diaz grounded out to shortstop J.P. Crawford to end the threat.

From there, Kirby cruised. He retired 13 straight before Jeremy Peña’s one-out single in the fifth. Peña was quickly retired after Raleigh threw out his 12th steal attempt in the month of September. Raleigh has caught 24 runners trying to steal this season, most in the majors.

Kirby has won his last two starts after a rough start to September.

“You just got to keep trusting your stuff and I'm not going to stray away from keep attacking the zone,” Kirby said. “I did a really good job of that tonight and sometimes you get rewarded for it.”

Houston starter Cristian Javier (9-5) didn’t make it through the fifth inning. Javier had to throw 34 pitches to get through the third inning and was lifted in the fifth after a single by Josh Rojas and a walk to Rodríguez.

Reliever Rafael Montero didn’t fare better, allowing all four batters he faced to reach. Raleigh’s single scored Rojas and Tucker’s throwing error let Rodríguez jog home. Raleigh scored on Hernández’s single.

Houston threatened in the seventh inning and Jon Singleton’s sacrifice fly with the bases loaded scored one run. But Matt Brash struck out Altuve and got a ground ball from Bregman to end the inning.

SCARY MOMENT

There was an unexpected moment of anxiousness for Kirby in the sixth inning after a foul ball hit into the stands behind the third base dugout was thrown back by a fan and grazed the pitcher. Kirby was looking toward home plate and asking for a new ball from the umpire.

The ball rolled over to first baseman Ty France, who threw it out of play.

“It was an impressive throw. I’ll give him that,” Kirby said. “But, you know, what the heck?”

The fan was quickly identified by stadium officials and escorted from their seat.

UP NEXT

Astros: LH Framber Valdez (12-11, 3.39) has struck out 10 batters in two of his past three starts but lost both of those outings. Valdez gave up six earned runs in 5 1/3 innings in his last start against Kansas City.

Mariners: RHP Bryce Miller (8-6, 4.17) makes what could be his final start of the regular season. Miller has lost his last two decisions and Seattle has lost the last four games Miller has started. Miller was tagged for six runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings in his last start against Texas.

MORE TO EXPLORE
Teen gets life in prison for raping, killing 13-year-old Beaverton girl
Oregon Dept. of Human Servi ces seeks public assistance locating missing kids from Eugene
Gallery: Pacific Palisades Fire
  
by Taboola
SPONSORED CONTENT
Ongelooflijk: Een groep speci alisten heeft kousen uitgevo nden waar nu om gevochten wordt
Energieke Kousen
|
SPONSORED
Elevate Business Writing With This Desktop App
Grammarly
|
SPONSORED
Learn More
Groningen: Onverkochte rela xstoelen worden bijna wegge geven!
Local Plan
|
SPONSORED
Meer lezen
TRENDING
Body found in vacant Salem lot identified; suspect arrested for murder
Police: Ferrari travelling at high speeds crashes on Hwy 126, overturns into pond
16-year-old driver dies after head-on crash in Redmond
In-N-Out plans to open first restaurant in Portland
Targeting drug use on public transit: new state law now in effect
NEWS IN PHOTOS: "Sports"
14
Ohio State getting shot at 6th national title after 28-14 win over Texas in Cotton Bowl
32
Oregon women defeat Wisconsin at Matthew Knight Arena (PHOTOS)
39
No. 9 Ducks defeat Maryland, 83-79 (PHOTOS)
7
College football turns upside down, but this final four is a collection of big programs
Loading ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kval.com/sports/seattle-marinres-houston-astros-snap-4-game-losing-streaks-texas-sports-major-league-baseball-george-kirby-ty-france-julio-rodriguez-playoffs-al-west-rangers-rbi-singles-yankees-kyle-tucker 
 ----- 
