Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Isiah Pacheco Chiefs 
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
Mets Pete Alonso
King Charles Prince William
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Social Security Payment 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Lifestyle
News
Celebrities
Fitness
How to
Movies
Music
Net Worth
TV Shows
UK News
More
TV Shows
Angus Cloud's loved ones share his problems with addiction during his final days and last words

Angus Cloud had a pivotal role on HBO's Euphoria

Angus Cloud / LAPRESSE
LW
25/09/2023 - 22:48 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
TV Shows. The line from 'The Office' that landed a $60,000 fine and is one of the most inoffensive
TV Shows. A heartfelt goodbye: Savannah Chrisley mourns the loss of ex-fiancé Nic Kerdiles

Angus Cloud, most commonly known for his breakout role as Fezco on Sam Levinso's HBO hit show 'Euphoria', passed away due to an accidental drug overdose after a long-standing battle with addiction months after his father passed away.

His mother Lisa Cloud, opened the doors to her home in Oakland to People magazine and gave an interview recalling the most difficult times, including the night of his death.

Cloud tearfully recalled the night of her son's death while opening the door to his room, "I started shaking him and screaming. I pushed him hard, and he fell on the floor. I tried to resuscitate him - mouth to mouth - and I was compressing him," she said while tears were coming out of her eyes, "I was screaming for my neighbor because I didn't want to leave him and call 911, and I just kept at it until they took him away.".

Lisa also claims that after a few accidents, Angus began using painkillers to numb headaches, and then had an ankle injury that made him walk with a cane for some time.

The medical report found Fentanyl, benzodiazepines which are used to calm the nervous system and in surgeries and are part of the components for anesthesia; the investigation also detected the presence of cocaine and methamphetamine in his system.

Angus' uncle Kevin shares the last words he said to him

His uncle Kevin remembered the last thing he said to him, "We spent about four hours of his last afternoon together. It was an easy and happy time. He seemed supremely fit and healthy. The last thing I said to him was, 'God, you are beautiful.'" He concluded.

MORE in MARCA
Taylor Swift...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

Daniel Aguilera, a close friend to Angus remembered the night he saw him last as they were working on a memorial for a friend who coincidently died of a fentanyl overdose as well, "Conor {Angus's first name} really wanted to honor him that night. It meant a lot to him. I got to spend the last night of his life with him creating artwork."

"He wasn't messed up or anything when I was with him, I lost two of my best friends basically on the same day from fentanyl. I feel cursed, I should have stayed with Conor. I don't know how to live with myself. But I am blessed I had them both in my life." he sadly concluded.

TV Shows - English
TV ShowsJimmy Kimmel gets COVID, cancels 'Strike Force Three' with Fallon and Colbert in Vegas
Dallas CowboysMicah Parsons vs. Bart Scott debate: Is sports media more important than NFL players?
TV ShowsShannon Sharpe throws Skip Bayless under the bus on The Stephen A. Smith Show
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/lifestyle/tv-shows/2023/09/26/6512547aca47416b2b8b457e.html 
 ----- 
