Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Isiah Pacheco Chiefs 
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
Mets Pete Alonso
King Charles Prince William
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Social Security Payment 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
NFL
Percy Harvin admits to pre-game marijuana use during NFL career

The rapid WR spoke candidly to Bleacher Report

Percy Harvin is largely remembered for that punt return TDLAPRESSE
TA
25/09/2023 - 19:57 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Dolphins pair Mostert and Achane could change franchise's plans for a blockbuster trade
Travis Kelce's jersey sales soar following sighting with Taylor Swift

In a recent revelation, Percy Harvin, the former NFL star wide receiver, opened up about a secret aspect of his playing days. The 35-year-old, known for his exceptional agility and versatility on the field, admitted to using marijuana before every game he played in the league. Harvin, whose career spanned from 2009 to 2016, spoke about this during an enlightening interview with Bleacher Report.

Harvin's journey through the NFL is marked with several highlights. He initiated his career with the Minnesota Vikings, showcasing productivity and skills that set him apart. His early years in the league saw him achieve the Offensive Rookie of the Year honors in 2009, with impressive stats including 60 catches for 790 yards and six touchdowns. In the years that followed, he consistently surpassed 800 yards receiving, achieving a career-high 967 yards in 2011.

Harvin is looking to change the stigma

Perhaps one of the most shining moments of his career came in the 2013 season when Harvin secured a Super Bowl 48 ring with the Seattle Seahawks. He left his mark in the championship game by scoring an 87-yard kick return touchdown, highlighting his pivotal role in the team's success.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

Harvin's revelation about his marijuana use comes at a time when the conversation around marijuana, its stigma, and its place in society, particularly in professional sports, is evolving. His candidness offers an deeper look into the lives of athletes and the choices they make in managing the pressures and demands of high-stakes environments. "There's not a game I played in that I wasn't high," Harvin shared.

This revelation brings a deeper exploration into the motivations and implications of cannabis use among athletes. While Harvin's case might spark controversy for some, it also opens up avenues for dialogue on the evolving perspectives on marijuana. It brings questions about the reasons athletes might turn to it - be it for managing pain, anxiety, or simply for recreation.

NFL - English
Seattle Seahawks - English
Minnesota Vikings - English
NFLKirk Cousins chokes down final stretch vs. Chargers as Vikings remain winless
Panthers 27-37 SeahawksSeahawks pull away in second half to defeat Young-less Panthers
NFLVikings, Bears among early candidates to tank NFL season for Caleb Williams
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/2023/09/26/65122bc5ca47417a558b45d2.html 
 ----- 
