Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
LIVE
Death toll in raging LA wildfires continues to rise as blaze tears through city
MLB
Rays’ Yandy Diaz back in lineup after suffering ‘testicular contusion’
By Mike Rosenstein
Published Sep. 13, 2023, 2:21 p.m. ET

You can’t keep a good man down.

Tampa Bay Rays infielder Yandy Diaz is back in the lineup and leading off Wednesday’s matinee against the Twins in Minnesota, hours after taking a rather painful shot to his nether regions.

The 32-year-old All-Star, who’s second in the American League with a .323 batting average, left Tuesday’s game against the Twins with what was called “testicular contusion” after a foul ball bounced off the dirt and struck him in the groin area while he batted in the top of the fifth inning.

3
Tampa Bay Rays infielder Yandy Diaz took a foul ball to the groin on Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023.
Bally Sports Sun/X screenshot
3
Diaz finished the at-bat but later came out of the game.
Bally Sports Sun/X screenshot

Diaz was down for several minutes before finishing the at-bat, grounding out to the pitcher, but was removed from the game when the inning ended, according to the Tampa Bay Times.

After the Rays’ 3-2 loss to the Twins, Tampa Bay manager Kevin Cash called Diaz day-to-day and said, “I think he should be fine,” per the Times.

Diaz is one of four Rays players with at least 20 home runs this season and leads the club with a .914 OPS.

3
Diaz, here on Sept. 12, 2023, is second in the American League with a .323 batting average.
Getty Images

Diaz made an instant impact in his return to the lineup Wednesday, hitting a two-run double in the top of the second inning vs. the Twins.

His 73 RBI this year is a career-high, topping the 64 runs he drove in during the 2021 season.

What do you think? Post a comment.

Diaz and the Rays trail the Baltimore Orioles by three games in the AL East but have an 8.5-game lead in the AL wild-card standings heading into play Wednesday.

The Rays will visit the Orioles as part of a four-game series that begins Thursday night.

FILED UNDER TAMPA BAY RAYS  9/13/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/13/rays-yandy-diaz-bounces-back-from-testicular-contusion/ 
 ----- 
