Indian Exams
Careers in India
School Education
Indian Universities
Scholarships to Study in India
More
One app for all your study abroad needs
Know More
x
Home /
School Education /
Today’s News in English for School Assembly: Check Out the School Assembly News Headlines for 11 May 2024 
Today’s News in English for School Assembly: Check Out the School Assembly News Headlines for 11 May 2024 
Deepansh Gautam
 
Updated on  
May 10, 2024
6 minute read
10 shares
 

School Assembly News Headlines for 11 May 2024: The world is a fast-paced place. Over the night, many things change, some for the good, some for the bad, and that happens worldwide. Most updates on them can be found in the news, making it a reliable source of information. 

Students should regularly stay in touch with the news because, not only is it a way to remain connected with the current affairs, it also promotes critical thinking along with gaining global awareness. Hence, in this blog, we bring you school assembly news headlines for 11 May 2024. Herein, you will find Today´s news in English that includes today´s entertainment news, a thought for the day, a word of the day, and highlights world important day. What better way to start the day with news updates from all over the world?! Keeping this in mind, let us now explore this blog! 

Table of Contents [show]

National News Headlines in English for 11 May 2024 

Stay updated with national news headlines in English. Learn about various sectors’ happenings in our country. 

Air India expects normalcy in the next two days. Operations to improve as the crew returns after the strike: Soon after the strike that led to disruptions in major flights was called off, Tata-owned airline said operations of Air India Express slowly started improving on Friday as more cabin crew members are joining back for duty. 
BCCI to soon call for applications for new Team India coach: BCCI Secretary Jay Shah has said they are soon set to call in applications for a new Team India coach as Rahul Dravid’s tenure is coming to an end in June. Shah also added that if Dravid wishes to continue he will have to reapply for the position. 
Bengal BJP launches portal for candidates affected by school jobs scam: The West Bengal unit of the BJP has set up a dedicated legal support website and a helpline number to assist “genuine” candidates who have been affected by the alleged school jobs scam. 
India fully withdraws soldiers from Maldives ahead of May 10 deadline: India has withdrawn all its soldiers from the Maldives, the government here has said, ahead of the May 10 deadline set by President Mohamed Muizzu for the complete withdrawal of Indian military personnel from his country. 
Doctors’ group urges to review all Covid vaccines because of possible Covishield side effects: In the wake of pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca admitting in a UK court that its Covid vaccine can cause blood clots in rare cases, a group of doctors on Thursday expressed deep concern over the safety of the Covishield vaccine manufactured by the Serum Institute of India. 

Also Read: Today’s News in English for School Assembly: Check Out the School Assembly News Headlines for 10 May 2024 

International News in English for 11 May 2024 

Explore global stories through international news in English. Discover updates from different countries: 

Biden to impose tariffs on China’s electric vehicles, strategic sectors: President Joe Biden is set to announce new China tariffs as soon as next week targeting strategic sectors including electric vehicles, according to two people familiar with the matter. 
UN to vote on granting Palestine new rights, reviving its membership bid: The UN General Assembly is expected to vote Friday on a resolution that would grant new rights and privileges to Palestine and call on the Security Council to favourably reconsider its request to become the 194th member of the United Nations. 

Also Read: NCERT Class 8 Science Chapter 3 ‘Coal and Petroleum’: Notes and Solutions (Free PDF). 

Play
Unmute
Loaded: 1.91%
Fullscreen
Sports News in English for 11 May 2024 

Get the latest sports news in English and follow your favourite sports events: 

Colin Munro from NZ retires from international cricket after T20 WC snub: New Zealand’s Colin Munro, a great top-order batter, announced his retirement from international cricket on Friday after he was not included in the national team for the upcoming T20 World Cup. 
Nadal makes a comeback win at the Italian Open: Nadal emerged victorious before an adoring crowd at the Italian Open in what will likely be his final tournament at the Foro Italico. 

Also Read: 11 Craft Summer Camp Activities for Students 

Today’s Entertainment News in English 

Today´s entertainment news offers students a colourful mix of movies, music, and celebrity happenings. 

‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ Director/Producer on Creating a ‘Prequel and a Sequel’ to the Iconic Franchise: Although there were no credits in the movie ‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ this time but there definitely were hints to the upcoming project of the franchise that may excite the fans. 
Five Marvel movies scheduled to release next year, Disney confirms: American film and television production company, Marvel Studios, is releasing five MCU movies in 2025, confirms Disney. The movies are already late, and some work is still in process. 

Also Read: Speech on Privacy in the Digital Age in English for Students  

Thought for the Day for Students

Start your day with an inspirational thought for the day for students. Believe in yourself and prepare to face challenges: 

Also Read: Write a Letter to Your Friend Inviting Him to Spend Summer Vacation with You: Check Samples 

Word of the Day 

Let us learn a new word of the day to improve your vocabulary and language skills: 

Word 	Meaning 	Sentence 
Magnanimous (Adjective) 	Noble and generous in spirit 	She should be magnanimous in victory. 
Majestic (Adjective) 	Having or displaying great dignity or nobility 	The Himalayas are truly majestic. 
Malevolent (Adjective) 	Wishing or appearing to wish evil to others 	The house is haunted by a malevolent spirit. 
Manipulate (Verb) 	Influence or control shrewdly or deviously 	She could manipulate anybody easily. 
Matrix (Noun) 	An enclosure within which something originates or develops 	GTA is the matrix of open-world games. 

Also Read: Essay on Mother’s Day: Sample Essays for Students in 100, 200 and 500 Words 

World Important Day on 11 May 2024 

Understand the significance of World Important Day and learn how to make a difference: 

President Rajendra Prasad inaugurated the newly constructed Somnath Temple (1951) 

It was on 11 May 1951, that the first president of the Indian Republic Rajendra Prasad led the re-consecration ceremony of the lingam at the temple. 

Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan  was elected the President of India (1962) 

On May 11, 1962, Radhakrishnan was elected the President, succeeding Rajendra Prasad, the nation’s first President. 

The Pokhran II nuclear tests were conducted (1998) 

On 11 May 1998, the Shakti-I Nuclear Missile was successfully tested at the Indian Army’s Pokhran Test Range in Rajasthan. National Technology Day is celebrated on May 11th every year in India to recognise this. 

The earliest surviving dated printed book is produced in China (868) 

This copy of the Diamond Sūtra in Chinese language, complete with a beautifully illustrated frontispiece, is the world’s earliest dated, printed book. It was produced on 11 May 868, according to the Western calendar. 

British Prime Minister Spencer Perceval was assassinated (1812) 

In London, Spencer Perceval, prime minister of Britain since 1809, is shot to death by deranged businessman John Bellingham in the lobby of the House of Commons. Bellingham, who was inflamed by his failure to obtain government compensation for war debts incurred in Russia, gave himself up immediately. 

Click Here To Read School Assembly News Headlines in Hindi 

Explore More Interesting Topics For School Education 

Today’s News in English for School Assembly: Check Out the School Assembly News Headlines for 9 May 2024 	Today’s News in English for School Assembly: Check Out the School Assembly News Headlines for 10 May 2024 
Speech on Justice in India: Short and Long Speech in English 	Ganesh Chaturthi Speech in English
Application for Sick Leave – Format and Sample 	Top 5 Applications for Absent in School – Samples with Tips
Essay on GST in English 	Essay on Health is Wealth: 200, 300 and 400 Words
5 Best Social-Emotional Learning Activities 	Class 3 Holiday Homework: Session 2024-25

Follow Leverage Edu to get the latest school assembly news headlines and more interesting content on school education. 

Leave a Reply

Your contact details will not be published. Required fields are marked *

SUBMIT

VIEW COMMENTS (0)
You May Also Like
READ MORE
4 minute read
School Education

Essay on Doctor’s Day in 500+ Words for School Students in English

Deepika Joshi
November 13, 2024
Essay on Doctor’s Day: Have you ever heard of Doctor’s Day? National Doctors Day is celebrated in India… Read More
READ MORE
4 minute read
School Education

Write a Letter to Your Friend Making Aware of the Importance of Sports in One’s Life: Check Samples 

Deepansh Gautam
May 22, 2024
Sports are very important in life. They not only make us physically fit but also promote a healthy… Read More
READ MORE
4 minute read
School Education

NCERT Solutions and Notes for Class 7 Maths Chapter 9: Perimeter and Area (Free PDF)

Priya Garg
March 4, 2024
In class 6 Maths, we have studied the area and parameters of some regular shapes such as the… Read More
READ MORE
3 minute read
School Education

Essay on My Car in 500 Words in English for School Students

Aayushi Vardhan
May 7, 2024
Essay on my car: My car transcends mere metal and wheels; it’s an extension of my identity, a… Read More
School Education
How to Write 26 in Roman Numerals?
Bhumika Sharma
December 26, 2024
Queens Valley Dwarka Nursery Admission 2024-25
Team Leverage Edu
February 28, 2024
2-Minute Speech on Holi for Students
Shiva Tyagi
March 18, 2024
CBSE Notes and NCERT Solutions Class 10 Mathematics
Deepansh Gautam
January 11, 2024
Today’s News in English: Check out the School Assembly News Headlines for 20 July 2024
Deepika Joshi
July 19, 2024
RECENT POSTS
Thought of the Day in English for School Assembly
School Assembly News Headlines: 31 December 2024
23 Best Quotes by Manmohan Singh in English for Motivation
GK Questions for Morning Assembly with Answers: 110+ Quizzes in English
Essay on Who Am I: 200, 300 & 500 Words Sample
Write a Letter to the Editor Complaining about Load Shedding in Your Locality: Samples & Format
10 Best Words of the Day for School Assembly: 1st January 2025
New Year Speech Samples in English
12 Interesting Facts About Jantar Mantar of Delhi for Kids
Essay on New Year for School Students: 100, 250 and 500 Words
200+ Essay Topics for School Students in English
How to Write 94 in Roman Numerals?
Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Get notified about the latest career insights, study tips, and offers at Leverage Edu.

Subscribe
By checking this box, you confirm that you have read and are agreeing to our terms of use regarding the storage of the data submitted through this form.
About Leverage
About us
Work with us
Resources
Cost Calculator
Scholarship
LOR
SOP
Study Abroad
Study in UK
Study in Canada
Study in USA
Study in Australia
Study in New Zealand
Study in Germany
Study in Russia
Study in China
Tests
IELTS
GMAT
GRE
SAT
TOEFL
PTE
Offerings
AI Course Finder
Leverage Live
Scholarship
Loans
Leverage TV
Uniconnect
Other Links
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
IELTS Essay Checker

General Enquiries

    hello@leverageedu.com

Press

    press@leverageedu.com

Call Us

    1800-572-000
 Get the android app
Get the iOS app
Our Offices
New Delhi

Leverage Edu Tower,
A-258, Bhishma Pitamah Marg, Block A,
Defence Colony, New Delhi, Delhi 110024

Noida

Leverage Edu 3rd floor,
Plot number, 1- C, Raipur Khadar, Sector 126, Noida, Uttar Pradesh 201313

London

Devonshire House, 60 Goswell Road,
United Kingdom, EC1M 7AD

Sydney

Leverage Edu
Freshwater, Sydney, NSW 2096,
Australia



Copyright © 2021, Leverage Edu. All rights reserved.
    
 45,000+ students realised their study abroad dream with us. Take the first step today.
 Talk to an expert
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://leverageedu.com/discover/school-education/todays-news-in-english-for-school-assembly-check-out-the-school-assembly-news-headlines-for-11-may/ 
 ----- 
