Toggle search
CANADA DOMINATE USMNT AS…
Courtesy: Canada Soccer
Canada dominate USMNT as Shaffelburg, David give CanMNT emphatic first win on US soil in 67 years
Tom Nightingale  @tdnightingale
4 months ago •

Canada showed their American rivals no mercy at Children’s Mercy Park as goals from Jacob Shaffelburg and Jonathan David gave Jesse Marsch’s side an emphatic 2-1 win over the USMNT that could have been much greater.

Canada striker Cyle Larin continues electric form with his 4th goal in 5 games for Real Mallorca

Shaffelburg drilled low past Patrick Schulte in the first half and Jonathan David finished with aplomb in the second — tying Cyle Larin for CanMNT’s all-time scoring lead — as Canada blew the hosts away for the majority of the game.

Substitute Lucas de la Torre pulled one back for the US in the second half from what looked to be a clearly offside position. But Canada held out to secure a 2-1 win, their first against the US in the States since 1957. The scoreline flattered the Americans.

In what we might call the first game of Canada’s pre-2026 World Cup cycle, Marsch’s men came flying out of the traps with a display of Red Bull-infused high-pressure soccer that left an understaffed USMNT shellshocked.

Missing a host of key players including the likes of Tyler Adams, Weston McKennie, Antonee Robinson, Gio Reyna and Sergiño Dest, the US simply couldn’t handle the Canadian press and the quick movement, particularly in a first half in which the visitors outshot the hosts 11 to one.

It was no coincidence that both Canadian goals came from poor USA giveaways under intense pressure as they attempted to play the ball out from the back.

It took just 17 minutes for the opener to arrive as Shaffelburg continued the superb form that highlighted Canada’s summer at Copa América.

The Nashville winger, arguably Canada’s most explosive player under Marsch, beat Schulte after Johnny Cardoso gave the ball away, Stephen Eustáquio fed David, and the striker unselfishly squared for Shaffelburg.

It presented CanMNT with their earliest lead in an away match against the USMNT since 1972 and gave the man who scored the last time these two teams met, in the Gold Cup last summer, his fourth goal for his country.

By that stage, Canada should already have been ahead.

A superb Schulte save had denied David from bulging the net with a rasping volley after a neat aerial ball from Larin after just four minutes, before Eustáquio whipped an angled shot wide of the far post from just inside the box.

After the opener, too, Canada should have pulled clear before the break.

Larin was twice denied by the impressive Schulte. First, he blew past Chris Richards but his shot driven in towards the near post was kept out by a superb one-handed reflex save. Then, the striker should have netted for the first time in eight Canada games but he rushed a weak shot and somehow allowed Schulte to fling himself across his line and keep it out.

Although Canada couldn’t double their lead before half-time, the US looked surprised at how confident and accomplished their opponents looked. Perhaps they haven’t been paying attention this summer.

They found out all about it in the first half, and within 15 minutes of the restart, it was 2-0.

Another poor giveaway under his pressure allowed David to dart into the box and when he was fed by Larin, he buried his shot high into the net for his 29th Canada goal, pulling him level with Larin.

The Iceman has been red-hot to start the season for Lille. He was never going to miss that one.

Though Canada had been excellent through the first hour — Ali Ahmed and Mathieu Choinière were standouts and Moïse Bombito was Canada’s best player — the USMNT had their chances.

Christian Pulisic fired just wide midway through the first half from a narrow angle and Folarin Balogun tested Max Crépeau twice in 60 seconds in the second half, first with a shot on the spin and secondly when a fierce effort required a strong hand from Canada’s No. 1 to turn it away.

Midway through the second half, the USMNT finally threatened to make things nervy for Canada with a barely deserved goal back. Canada failed to clear and the loose ball fell to a very offside-looking De la Torre, who beat Crepeau for his first goal in a USMNT shirt. No VAR meant no review, and it was 2-1.

But Canada never really looked in danger of letting the lead slip and had the luxury of a raft of substitutions in the closing stages, including debuts for young CF Montréal midfielder Nathan Saliba and Sporting Kansas City’s Stephen Afrifa, at his home stadium.

Albeit against a weakened USMNT, it was a statement performance from Marsch’s side and the first post-Copa América indicator that this summer’s success has been no fluke nor a flash in the pan. The “swagger” the head coach wanted was on full display for swathes of the game. It makes for great viewing, and it brings a fair bit of success, too.

Marsch said this week that one of CanMNT’s goals is to be the best in CONCACAF. On Saturday, at least, it was left in little doubt. This is Jesse Marsch’s Canada; they cause problems and they get results.

Search
Search
Recent Articles
Free agent Fafà Picault confirms he will not return to Vancouver Whitecaps for 2025
Canadian-born striker Promise David’s scoring form in Belgium could prompt CanMNT call
WATCH: Paul Mullin scores ridiculous goal as Ryan Reynolds’ Wrexham AFC chase another promotion
Atlético Ottawa left-back Matteo de Brienne leaving Canadian Premier League for Sweden: report
Canada star Alphonso Davies could benefit from Leroy Sané switch to left side of Bayern Munich attack
Follow us on social!
Free agent Fafà Picault confirms he will not return to Vancouver Whitecaps for 2025
By Canadian Soccer Daily staff
Canadian-born striker Promise David’s scoring form in Belgium could prompt CanMNT call
By Tom Nightingale
Read Newsletter

Want more Canadian Soccer Daily direct to your inbox?

Email address
 I accept the terms and privacy policy
 SUBSCRIBE

Your email address will be stored by Canadian Soccer Daily so that we can send you Canadian Soccer Daily updates by email. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more details about your data privacy and your rights please see our privacy policy.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://canadiansoccerdaily.com/2024/09/07/canada-blow-usmnt-away-as-shaffelburg-david-give-canmnt-emphatic-2-1-win/ 
 ----- 
