This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. Privacy Policy

Accept Cookies
BROWSE ALL TRIPS

NEW TRIP

FROM HAVANA TO CIENFUEGOS & TRINIDAD, WITH MUSIC, ART, AND DISCOVERY
Cuba: A Cultural Odyssey

Cuba

8 Days

From $6,995

Level 2

BOOK ONLINE
DOWNLOAD ITINERARY
Call 1-800-368-2794

Overview

BOOK ONLINE DOWNLOAD ITINERARY

Call 1-800-368-2794 or contact us for any questions

Overview
Cuba is an enchanting outpost with a quirky mix of colonial grandeur, revolutionary politics, famously energetic music, and a gorgeous tropical landscape. There’s truly no other place like it, and we’ll dig deep into the island’s unique culture as we meet artists, musicians, dancers, historians, and people from all walks of life. Our week-long journey brings us from Havana, once called the Paris of the Caribbean, to the colonial cities of Cienfuegos to Trinidad, both UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Our Havana days find us at private local music performances, taking a salsa lesson, visiting Hemingway’s former estate, and strolling among the colonial mansions, cobbled plazas, and vintage cars of Havana Vieja (Old Havana). We’ll then head to the laidback city of Cienfuegos, set along a sweeping bay and offering a distinctly French feel, and continue from there to charming colonial Trinidad, with its village feel and red-tiled rooftops. Our final stop is Santa Clara, where we visit the small home of Cuba’s beloved revolutionary, Che Guevara, now a museum dedicated to him. Come along for a journey full of music, history, discovery, and warm Cuban hospitality. Viva Cuba!

Arrive: Havana, Cuba

Depart: Santa Clara, Cuba

Highlights
Discover Old Havana's classic plazas, fortresses, and lively street life
Stroll the cobbled lanes of the UNESCO-listed village of Trinidad, a colonial gem
Hear music in private homes, meet local artists, enjoy a Cuban dance class
Dine in welcoming settings, including paladares (restaurants in private homes)
Enjoy the expertise of our hand-picked local guides, from historians to architects
Learn about charismatic revolutionary Che Guevara at his house-museum in Santa Clara
Previous
Next

Overview

BOOK ONLINE DOWNLOAD ITINERARY

Call 1-800-368-2794 or contact us for any questions

Itinerary
DOWNLOAD ITINERARY
EXPAND ALL DAYS
Days 1-4: Havana, Cuba / Meet Local Artists
Explore Havana Vieja (Old Havana), with its eclectic mix of architectural styles dating to the 16th century, visit the Museo de Bellas Artes, Hemingway’s House, the Instituto Superior de Art, and the Miramar and Vedado neighborhoods. Meet local artists, dancers, and enjoy walking tours and private concerts.
Days 5-8: Cienfuegos / Trinidad / Parque Guanayara / Santa Clara
Visit historic Cienfuegos, with a private performance by Cantores de Cienfuegos, an award-winning choir, then continue to Trinidad, Cuba’s colonial gem, founded in 1514. This tiny village has a charming colonial ambiance all its own. We’ll stroll the cobbled streets past plazas and pastel-colored houses and hear the live music that fills the air. Outside Trinidad, we tour a coffee plantation, hike to a natural pool below the Salto Rocio waterfall, and visit Ancon Beach. We depart via Santa Clara, where we’ll visit the small home of famed revolutionary Chez Guevara, now a museum, before departing.
Dates & Pricing

Pricing below is per person and based on double occupancy. The earlier you book, the more choice you’ll have. WT also has the most generous cancellation and transfer policies in the industry, we make it easy if you change your mind. Have a small group of your own? Take over an existing date or choose your own. You’ll have your own private guide–and the adventure–all to yourselves!

2025 Dates
2026 Dates
Pricing
Dates	Status	
Dec 2 - Dec 9, 2025	
Limited Availability
	BOOK ONLINE
Payment Policies
Payment & Cancel Schedule

At time of reservation: $600
90 days prior to departure: Balance

Cancellation & Transfer Schedule

Up to 121 days prior to departure: No charge!
91-120 days prior to departure: $600 per person
61-90 days prior to departure: 25% of trip cost
60 days or less: 100% of trip cost

Please note that this differs from our standard policy.

What's Included?
Included
Expert leadership of a Wilderness Travel Trip Leader and local guides
Accommodations in hotels and small comfortable inns
All meals included except 1 lunch and 1 dinner as indicated in Detailed Itinerary
A glass of wine or beer with dinner
All ground transportation and baggage handling from meeting until departure
All activities as indicated in Detailed Itinerary
Not Included
Travel to and from the arrival and departure location as indicated in Detailed Itinerary
Additional hotel nights outside the trip's scheduled dates
Optional gratuities to Trip Leaders or staff
Optional travel insurance
Other expenses of a personal nature (some alcoholic beverages, laundry, etc.)
Accommodations

Scroll through our signature accommodations for this trip below. Although it is highly unlikely, we may make substitutions when necessary.

Hostal Lola Trinidad

Trinidad, Cuba

Days 5-8 (4 nights)

Hostal Lola is a former private home that has been expanded to include guest rooms set around an open courtyard. Rooms are small but comfortable, with private baths. The location is right in the heart of Trinidad.
VIEW HOSTAL LOLA TRINIDAD
Claxon Hotel Boutique

Havana, Cuba

Days 1-4 (4 nights)

Located in Havana’s lovely Vedado neighborhood, the Claxon Hotel Boutique is a renovated estate in a residential area full of old mansions. The guest rooms are well appointed, the staff is very helpful, the décor is classic, and breakfast is served in the lovely garden. The rooftop bar, with its...
VIEW CLAXON HOTEL BOUTIQUE
Hostal Lola Trinidad

Trinidad, Cuba

Days 5-8 (4 nights)

Hostal Lola is a former private home that has been expanded to include guest rooms set around an open courtyard. Rooms are small but comfortable, with private baths. The location is right in the heart of Trinidad.
VIEW HOSTAL LOLA TRINIDAD
Claxon Hotel Boutique

Havana, Cuba

Days 1-4 (4 nights)

Located in Havana’s lovely Vedado neighborhood, the Claxon Hotel Boutique is a renovated estate in a residential area full of old mansions. The guest rooms are well appointed, the staff is very helpful, the décor is classic, and breakfast is served in the lovely garden. The rooftop bar, with its...
VIEW CLAXON HOTEL BOUTIQUE
Hostal Lola Trinidad

Trinidad, Cuba

Days 5-8 (4 nights)

Hostal Lola is a former private home that has been expanded to include guest rooms set around an open courtyard. Rooms are small but comfortable, with private baths. The location is right in the heart of Trinidad.
VIEW HOSTAL LOLA TRINIDAD
Trip Leaders

Wilderness Travel Trip Leaders have a passion and a joy for creating an unforgettable journey. We are extremely proud of them and the incredible travel experiences they make possible. For more information, including client comments about them and which specific trips they will be leading, please click on their profiles below.

Oscar Fernandez

VIEW PROFILE
What the Trip is Like
This trip is rated a Level 2, Easy to Moderate, according to our trip grading system. Daily walks and cultural exploration are our focus; we may be on our feet for around five hours over the course of a day as we tour, although this will be broken up by cultural stops.
REVIEW TRIP LEVEL DETAILS
Getting in Shape
Even though this trip is not strenuous, we strongly urge you to train, as travel can be wearing and your enjoyment will be highly dependent on your level of fitness. The best training is to hike, especially over hills. Next best are running, swimming, bicycling, or other cardiovascular exercises. Your feet should also be well prepared—make sure you have sturdy, comfortable footwear.
Weather
Cuba’s climate is tropical, and seasonally humid, with maritime influence. The rainy season is from May to October, and the dry season—the best time to visit—is from November to April. The average temperature throughout the year oscillates between 68F and 95F, lowering sometimes to 50F in December-January.
Accommodations
The hotels we use on this trip are the best available, and while they are comfortable, they may not always be up to the high international standards you are used to. They are chosen for the excellent locations and historic charm and feature comfortable guest rooms with en suite bathrooms.
Cuisine
Food in Cuba is simply prepared and good, although there may be restrictions on menus due to occasional shortages. Equally, the US embargo restricts imports of some foodstuffs. That said, you can enjoy typical Cuban dishes such as comida criolla (roast or fried pork or chicken with rice and beans), plantains, and simple salads of tomato and avocado. Seafood is always a good choice. Lobster, shrimp, octopus, and fish are usually very fresh. Cuban street food includes corn fritters, pan con pasta (bread with a garlic-mayonnaise filling), and tamales. The new class of restaurants called paladares (restaurants in private homes) has elevated the dining experience with eye-catching interiors, professional staff, and tables laid out in a spare room in someone’s home.
Transportation
Depending on group size, we will travel by large van or modern tour bus. Regular taxis are available if individual transfers are needed.
Special Notes about Travel in Cuba
Cuba is a fantastic place to visit but there are things to know about Cuba travel. The country’s epic journey from colonialism to revolution, then communism, followed by the fall of the Soviet Union, has kept it in a constant state of change and shaped its economy, which continues to struggle. We can expect occasional power outages (our hotels have their own generators for use in such situations), but that is a small price to pay for a visit to this fascinating island, and despite any hardships, the Cuban people are full of spirit and love for their homeland.
FAQs
Is it legal for US citizens to travel to Cuba?
Yes! WT travelers will be traveling under the “Support the Cuban people” category which stipulates that visitors to Cuba will engage in a full-time schedule of educational activities that will result in meaningful interaction between the travelers and individuals in Cuba. These tours are open to all Americans, and no application or pre-approval process is required as long as you abide by what is required by this general license and our set itinerary.
What travel documents do I need to visit Cuba?
Cuba requires that all arriving travelers have a Tourist Card or Visa to enter the country. This visa is to be purchased for all non-Cuban born travelers that are traveling under one of the 12 permitted categories. There are two documents you must have to travel to Cuba, a passport and the tourist card. Please do not detach the two separate sides. Customs in Cuba is responsible for this.

You must have a valid passport to enter Cuba. Be sure you check the expiration date of your passport to make sure you have at least 6 months before it expires.

You are also required to have a Cuban visa (referred to as a tourist card) that will be available at the airline's counter for the Havana-bound flight. Cost for the tourist visa ranges between $50-100 USD depending on the airline you picked to travel. You do not need to send your passport to obtain a visa/tourist card.

Can I fly to Cuba from the United States?
Yes! There are daily international flights through Miami and Fort Lauderdale.


Airlines flying from US to Cuba: American, Air Canada, Aero Mexico, Copa Airlines, Delta Airlines, Aer Lingus, Cayman Airlines, United Airlines, Southwest

Other Trips You Might Like
BROWSE ALL TRIPS

Private Journey

Guatemala Private Journey

Guatemala

Level 2

8 Days

From $3,495

VIEW TRIP

NEW TRIP

Small Group Adventure

Hiking Cape Verde

Cape Verde Islands

Level 3+

10 Days

From $6,595

VIEW TRIP

Small Group Adventure

Sri Lanka

Sri Lanka

Level 2+

13 Days

From $7,795

VIEW TRIP

Small Group Adventure

Tribal Ghana, Togo, and Benin

Benin, Ghana, Togo

Level 3

15 Days

From $8,395

VIEW TRIP
Book your trip today

Our Area Specialists know every detail about our tours. They will be happy to answer any questions and help you choose the journey that’s right for you. Contact us to learn more or book your trip today!

BOOK ONLINE
CONTACT US

1102 Ninth Street
Berkeley, CA 94710

1-800-368-2794
info@wildernesstravel.com
QUICK LINKS
Careers
Travel Agents
RESOURCES
Resources
Travel Blog
Travel Insurance
ABOUT
Why WT
Our Story
Our Team
GET OUR LATEST INSIGHTS

SUBSCRIBE

© 2024 Wilderness Travel. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Home
Website by 829

Contact us
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wildernesstravel.com/trip/cuba-cultural-music-walking-tour/ 
 ----- 
