Monday, December 16, 2024
Home
Advertise
Write for Us
About
Contact
Soccer News
Popular Tickets !
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
1
See Tickets
Home
News
Live Scores
Soccer Stats
Head 2 Head
Transfers
Betting
Tickets
More
icon
TRANSFER NEWS
1. Leicester City eye Chelsea midfielder Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall
2. Antonio Conte wants Nemanja Matic at Napoli
3. Manchester United linked with Sunderland star Chris Rigg
4. Manchester City explore Pogba deal
5. Arsenal want to sign Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic in January

Select Competition

▾

Select Team

▾
NEWS
LATEST
COLUMNS
LEAGUES
TOURNAMENTS
TRANSFERS
BETTING TIPS
MATCH PREVIEWS
SPECIALS
3Tips for you!
1
Bitesize Prediction: Tonbridge vs Chesham – 17/12/24 [...]
2
Bitesize Prediction: Airdrieonians vs Livingston – 17/12/24 [...]
3
December 16th: Monday’s European Double – 5/1 Special, Betting Tips & Predictions [...]
This Week's Promos
£/€50 Free Match Bet

Claim up to £/€50 free sports match bet. Enter promo code: F50. New customers only.

18+. T&C Apply. Gamble Responsibly.
£25 MATCHED BET

Sign up with F25 promo code for up to £25 free matched bet. New customers only.

18+. T&C Apply. Gamble Responsibly.
Bitesize Prediction: Cape Verde vs Botswana – 10/10/24

Tom Dunstan in Betting Tips and News 8 Oct 2024

 165 Views
0
COMMENTS

Competition: Africa Cup of Nations Qualifying

Market: Cape Verde win

Odds: 2/5 @ 1xBet

Getting their Africa Cup of Nations qualifying campaign back underway on Thursday evening, Cape Verde will welcome Botswana to Praia.

Starting with the hosts, while Cape Verde might have got their qualifying adventure underway with a 3-0 defeat at the hands of African giants Egypt last month, the Blue Sharks claimed an immediate response. Getting their first victory on the board as they clinched a routine 2-0 victory at home against Mauritania, Bubista’s camp should take plenty of positives away from what has been an eye-catching run since opening 2024. Despite suffering Africa Cup of Nations heartbreak back in February as they fell to a penalties defeat against South Africa at the quarter-final stage, Thursday’s hosts haven’t shown any signs of a hangover. Opening the New Year with what was a real upset on January 14th as they secured a 2-1 win against Ghana, Copa Verde have lost just a pair of their previous 11 appearances across all competitions within 90 minutes. It should also be highlighted, Bubista’s side haven’t tasted a single defeat in front of their own supporters over the past 12 months.

As for the visitors, getting their Africa Cup of Nations qualifying adventure underway last month with a toothless 1-0 defeat at the hands of Mauritania, Botswana find themselves at the heart of a public crisis. Last seen signing off September’s international break with a routine 4-0 drumming at the hands of Egypt, the Zebras have an almighty uphill battle on their hands. Pencilled in as a landslide underdog when they return to Group C action on Thursday evening, Didier Gomes Da Rosa has seen his struggling squad lose each of their previous four appearances across all competitions by an aggregate score of 9-1. Likewise, with their extended issues underlined by a 3-1 loss away at Mozambique on July 2nd, Botswana have registered just a single victory from any of their last 11 consecutive outings. Given what has been a huge recent gulf in class, we are backing a home win on Thursday evening.

Bet: Cape Verde 2/5 to beat Botswana in Thursday’s Africa Cup of Nations Qualifying matchup @ 1xBet

Soccer News Like
People like this.
Be the first of your friends! 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
 
Tom Dunstan



Formerly of The Independent, Tom has spent the past six years as one of our senior writers and betting experts. Alongside working with numerous publications from across the globe, Tom also graduated from the University of Falmouth in 2014 with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Digital Media.
Spending almost the past decade working in countries such as Australia, New Zealand and Canada, he has also spent time featuring in sports radio. Tom can be followed on Instagram - @iamtomdunstan

SHARE OR COMMENT ON THIS ARTICLE
0
COMMENTS
ADD COMMENT
Categories Betting Tips and News

SHARE THIS ARTICLE

Share
0
Shares
READ ALSO
Luis Enrique credits PSG for keeping errors to a minimum in win over Lyon
Fonseca rues Milan´s decision-making and profligacy after Genoa stalemate
Chelsea 2-1 Brentford: What Were The Main Talking Points As The Blues Extend On their Premier League Romp In West London?
Maresca urges realism amid Chelsea excitement
WE RECOMMEND
Could Liverpool have finally found consistency?
Wayne Rooney should take responsibility for his poor performances
Manchester City will take some stopping this season
Effects of Barcelona’s infectious team spirit examined
Comments (0)
Share your opinion
ADD COMMENT
NEWEST
OLDEST
Leave a Reply
Connect with:
  

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Join the conversation!

Login or Register

More
More
ABOUT LOGO

Get all the latest football news, betting tips, and promotions for all the major leagues around the world. Read in depth articles on all major Premier League events and other from countries with comments and opinions from our experienced bloggers. Also, find fixtures, results, and live score service. Read More

POPULAR
All Headlines
Transfer News
2022/23 Transfers
Statistics, Tables & Results
BETTING
Soccer Betting
Bookmakers
Bonus Offers
Promotions
INFORMATION
ToS
Privacy
Advertise
Partners
FOLLOW LOGO
Facebook
 
Instagram
 
News Feed
SIGN UP AND JOIN OUR TEAM!

For all betting related promotions and bonuses. 18+ Only. Please gamble responsibly!

 

SoccerNews.com Copyright © 2006 - 2024 All Rights Reserved.

For all betting related promotions and bonuses. 18+ Only. Please gamble responsibly! All odds quoted correct at time of publishing and subject to change.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.soccernews.com/bitesize-prediction-cape-verde-vs-botswana-10-10-24/376929/ 
 ----- 
