Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
J-Rod stays red-hot vs. Rangers with 2-HR night
Share
J-Rod stays red-hot vs. Rangers with 2-HR night
Kirby K's 4 in another gem vs. Texas; Mariners gain game on Tigers, Royals in WC race
September 21st, 2024

Alex Plinck

Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

ARLINGTON -- Julio Rodríguez made sure on Friday that the Rangers hadn't forgotten about him a week after Seattle took three of four from Texas at T-Mobile Park.

As part of Rodríguez’s 3-for-5 evening in the Mariners' 8-2 win, he took Rangers pitcher Jack Leiter deep twice, accounting for five of the eight driven in for Seattle. It was Julio’s fourth multi-home run game in his career and the first in his 2024 campaign.

Friday was the third time in Rodríguez’s career he recorded five RBIs. The other two came on Aug. 17, 2023, at Kansas City and on July 15, 2022, also at Globe Life Field vs. the Rangers.

"I feel on time, putting good swings on the baseball and trying to make some good, solid contact,” he said. “It's been working good.”

Complete coverage: Mariners’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

The win helped the Mariners gain a game on the Tigers and Royals in the AL Wild Card race, as both lost their games Friday. Seattle was able to keep pace with the Twins, who won at Boston, and remains two games back of Minnesota for the final spot.

"You have to win the games you can win. Tonight, we did what we had to do, celebrated for a minute, then we regroup and we will try to do it again tomorrow," Mariners manager Dan Wilson said. "We stressed that we can't get ahead of ourselves, but this was a good one tonight and a good way to start the road trip, and we have a lot of big games ahead of us."

After the Mariners threatened in the first inning but couldn’t score with two on and one out, the Seattle offense broke through in the third. Josh Rojas took a Jacob deGrom 96 mph fastball at the bottom of the strike zone and launched it to the Rangers’ bullpen in right-center field for a solo home run.

The Mariners attempted to add another run with the speed of Victor Robles, who returned to the lineup after missing Thursday’s game with a right-hand contusion. Robles laid a bunt down for a hit, stole second and took third as Rangers catcher Jonah Heim threw a ball that skipped to center field, but Randy Arozarena’s flyout to left field ended the threat.

Related
Mariners reach agreements with all arb-eligible players, including Raleigh & Kirby

January 9th, 2025

Mariners add another relief arm, claim Jay off waivers

January 9th, 2025

Seattle claims RHP Danner off waivers to pad 'pen depth

January 8th, 2025

Here’s how Mariners could thrive in 2025

January 3rd, 2025

J-Rod's toy drive 'such a beautiful thing to do'

November 26th, 2024

Here's what J-Rod thinks of his season

November 15th, 2024

The Mariners were able to rack up deGrom’s pitch count to knock him out of the game after three innings and 58 pitches.

"deGrom is really good; you’ve got to give the guy his flowers,” Rodríguez said. “He just got back [and] that's his second start. He's pumping 99, throwing good sliders, [and] staying low in the zone. We have to stay within yourself with that guy with small thoughts because he's really good.”

Meanwhile, the Texas offense managed an earned run against George Kirby -- something it hadn’t done since Sept. 28, 2022 -- in the fourth, on a Nathaniel Lowe two-run single.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Seattle’s offense picked Kirby up in the fifth inning thanks to more speed by Robles, who reached on a Jonathan Ornelas error and moved J.P. Crawford to third after his leadoff single. Rodríguez's first homer then put Seattle back up 4-2.

"That was huge," Kirby said. "[There] was the leadoff double [Ezequiel] Duran had on me [and] I was like, ‘I really got to bear down here,’ and that was great. Then we scored a couple more runs after that."

Two innings later, Rodríguez took Leiter the opposite way for a two-run home run, extending the lead to 6-2.

“Julio came up huge today, a couple of huge home runs,” Kirby said.

The Mariners added two more runs on back-to-back sacrifice flies by Rojas and Robles to cap off the eight-run barrage. It was the third time this season that the Mariners scored seven or more runs against the Rangers’ pitching staff.

Kirby, who entered Friday’s contest with a career 0.92 ERA against the Rangers, ended the evening going six innings, allowing two runs on five hits and no walks and striking out four. It continued a trend where Kirby allowed two earned runs in each of his three career starts at Globe Life Field vs. the Rangers. The bullpen capped it off by securing his seventh career win in nine starts against Texas.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Seattle Mariners
Julio Rodriguez
You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

45 minutes ago

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/julio-rodriguez-hits-2-home-runs-as-mariners-beat-rangers 
 ----- 
