Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
TELEVISION NEWS
Yankees vs. A’s free live stream (9/20/24): How to watch MLB without cable | Time, channel
Updated: Sep. 21, 2024, 9:28 a.m.|Published: Sep. 20, 2024, 3:40 p.m.

New York Yankees' Jazz Chisholm Jr. is greeted in the dugout after hitting a two-run home run against the Seattle Mariners during the third inning of a baseball game Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in Seattle. (AP Photo/Lindsey Wasson)AP Photo/Lindsey Wasson

By Ben Axelson | baxelson@syracuse.com

The 89-64 New York Yankees visit the Oakland Athletics for Game 1 of a three-game series at Oakland Coliseum on Friday, September 20 (9/20/2024).

How to watch: Stream New York Yankees baseball on DirecTV Stream (free trial).

Here’s what you need to know:

What: MLB Regular Season game

Who: Yankees @ A’s

When: Friday, Sep. 20, 2024

Time: 9:40 p.m. EDT

Where: Oakland Coliseum, Oakland, California

TV: YES Network, NBCSCA

Channel finder: DirecTV, Verizon Fios, Cox, Xfinity, Spectrum, Optimum

Live stream: fuboTV (free trial), DirecTV Stream (free trial)

New York is coming off a 3-2 loss to the Seattle Mariners to finish their three-game series, but New York took the series overall 2-1. In Game 3, Seattle opened with three runs in the bottom of the first inning, but the Yankees fired back with a two-run homer from Jazz Chisolm Jr. at the top of the third.

New York nearly managed to take the lead in the fourth after Logan Gilbert gave up a couple of singles, but Gilbert was able to whiff Gleyber Torres to escape trouble, and the game went scoreless from there.

The Yankees still lead the American League East by four games, and will look to maintain that lead against the A’s this weekend. The Yankees hosted Oakland for a four-game series in April, and split the series 2-2. The Athletics are 67-86 after beating the Cubs 5-3 on Wednesday.

Here’s the full series schedule:

Fri., Sep. 20: NYY @ OAK, 9:40 p.m. on YES (STREAM)
Sat., Sep. 21: NYY @ OAK, 9:07 p.m. on YES (STREAM)
Sun., Sep. 22: NYY @ OAK, 4:07 p.m. on YES (STREAM)

Yankees gear, including new All-Star Game and Armed Forces hats, can be found on Fanatics.com. Get cheap Yankees tickets from SeatGeek.

Can I bet on the game?

Yes, you can bet on the game from your phone in New York State, and we’ve compiled some of the best introductory offers to help navigate your first bets from BetMGM, FanDuel, DraftKings, Bet365 and more.

NEW USERS
FOOTBALL OFFER
Bet $5, Get $200 in Bonus Bets + YouTube TV With NFL Sunday Ticket Trial
Claim Now
T&C’s apply.
How to claim
21+ and physically present in NY. For help with a gambling problem call 1-877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369).

Here’s a recent AP Yankees story:

SEATTLE (AP) — Logan Gilbert allowed two runs pitching into the sixth inning and reached the 200-strikeout mark for the season, J.P. Crawford had a key two-out RBI single as part of Seattle’s three-run first inning, and the Mariners beat the New York Yankees 3-2 on Thursday.

Seattle salvaged the final game of the series and stayed on the fringes of the playoff race, pulling within two games of Minnesota and Detroit for the final wild-card spot in the American League ahead of a six-game road trip to Texas and Houston.

A day after clinching a postseason berth, the Yankees had their lead in the AL East trimmed to four games after Baltimore’s victory. They also received a major scare from star outfielder Juan Soto in the seventh inning.

Soto slid into the short wall in foul territory down the right-field line while making a highlight reel catch. After a lengthy visit from manager Aaron Boone, athletic trainers and seemingly every one of his teammates, Soto remained in the game and was shaking out his left leg.

The play was initially ruled a foul ball, but was overturned to a catch on replay.

Seattle did all its damage in the first inning off Yankees starter Clarke Schmidt, loading the bases with one out. Justin Turner hit a fly ball deep enough for Julio Rodríguez to score, but left fielder Jasson Domínguez muffed the catch and Seattle eventually added two unearned runs. Jorge Polanco added a sacrifice fly and Crawford’s single capped the big inning.

Schmidt (5-4) settled down after the rough first inning and allowed only two hits over the next four innings. He struck out seven and walked three.

Gilbert (8-11) struck out nine in his 5 1/3 innings and has 207 on the season. Andrés Muñoz pitched the ninth for his 22nd save.

Gilbert pitched with traffic but avoided any big innings. He needed 45 pitches combined to work through the fourth and fifth innings – the latter of which included an extra batter after a wild pitch strikeout allowed Jazz Chisholm Jr. to reach first base.

Despite the busy basepaths, Gilbert’s only mistake was Chisholm’s 23rd homer, a two-run shot in the third. He was also helped by Luke Raley throwing out Domínguez trying to score from second base for the final out of the second.

INJURY CONCERN

Yankees reliever Jake Cousins took over in the sixth but lasted only two batters and six pitches due to tightness in his right pectoral muscle. He was lifted striking out Rodríguez, and his velocity was down significantly on all of his pitches.

UP NEXT

Yankees: New York makes its last trip to Oakland on Friday with RHP Gerrit Cole (6-5, 3.97) starting the opener against the A’s.

Mariners: Seattle opens its final road trip in Texas on Friday against the Rangers. RHP George Kirby (12-11, 3.62) starts the opener.

WATCH YOUR FAVORITE TEAMS
Syracuse basketball TV schedule 2024-25: Where to watch live streams of Orange basketball
Where to watch MSG Network without cable in 2024
Best WNBA Finals streaming options: How to watch Liberty vs. Lynx, Sabrina Ionescu live for FREE
MLB World Series 2024 results: Dodgers beat Yankees in 5 games, more postseason scores
NFL Slimetime 2024 on Nickelodeon: How to watch season premiere with Nate Burleson for free

What is DirecTV Stream?

DirecTV Stream is a comprehensive internet TV service that offers your favorite entertainment, news and sports channels, as well as local TV stations and regional sports networks. It’s the only choice for fans who want full access to local, televised sports. DirecTV Choice includes 125+ channels, unlimited DVR storage and thousands of on-demand titles.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About Us
Photo and Page Reprints
Advertise with us
Jobs at Advance Media New York
Contact Us
Newspaper Archives
Frequently Asked Questions
Accessibility Statement
Submit letter, commentary
Subscriptions
syracuse.com
syracuse.com Orange Sports Insider
The Post-Standard
Email Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
syracuse.com Sections
News
Weather
Business
Sports
High School Sports
Betting
Entertainment
Living
Opinion
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Mobile
Tablet Apps
iPhone, Android apps
More on syracuse.com
Videos
Sitemap
Sponsor Content
Archives
Sell your car
Post a job
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Follow Us
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.syracuse.com/tv/2024/09/yankees-vs-mariners-free-live-stream-92024-how-to-watch-mlb-without-cable-time-channel.html 
 ----- 
