Skip to main content
Pinstripe Alley homepage
a New York Yankees community
Follow Pinstripe Alley online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Pinstripe Alley main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

YANKEES LINK ROUNDUP
Around the Empire: Yankees news - 9/20/24

Soto’s injury scare; Boone on the hot seat?; bullpen rounding into form (minus that one guy); breaking down the break for home; King’s charity work

By Joshua Diemert@JoshuaDiemert  Sep 20, 2024, 5:00am EDT  16 Comments / 16 New

If you buy something from an SB Nation link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.

Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Joshua Diemert has been writing at Pinstripe Alley since April 2017, in a perpetual search for a more perfect understanding of what value is.

MLB.com | Bryan Hoch: The Yankees were briefly in a panic during the seventh inning of yesterday’s loss to the Mariners. Juan Soto made an outstanding defensive play to retire Jorge Polanco and preserve the one-run deficit, but in his slide, he smashed his left knee into the wall, which felt like straight concrete (per Soto). He was down for a little bit and, and Aaron Judge, Aaron Boone, and trainer Tim Lentych went out to check on him. Thankfully, he seemed OK and stayed in. Soto said that he wasn’t sure if he would start the next game tonight in Oakland, but both he and Boone were optimistic that he avoided anything serious. He will get X-rays just to make sure, though.

As a small secondary note, reliever Jake Cousins did leave yesterday’s game after six pitches with what the Yankees called “right pec tightness.” No tests are planned at the moment, as it’s something that Cousins has been managing.

NJ.com | Jimmy Hascup: Now that the Yankees have clinched a postseason berth, the attention turns to finishing off this division race, with the club enjoying a four-game lead over the Orioles. While the team still maintains its World Series or bust mantra, the pressure is growing on manager Aaron Boone. Boone of course took over the job after the Yankees lost in Game 7 of the 2017 ALCS, and hasn’t been able to match that in his time as manager. The Yankees have an option on his contract for the 2025 season, and how far Boone can take his boys this October will likely dictate whether that option gets picked up.

New York Post | Jon Heyman: With one notable exception, the bullpen is rounding into form ahead of the Yankees’ pennant chase. The relief corps has always been the point of concern for most of the season, but five big arms — Tommy Kahnle, Luke Weaver, Jake Cousins, Ian Hamilton and Tim Hill — have all gone on scoreless streaks of at least four appearances. The elephant in the room is of course former closer Clay Holmes though, who has blown two saves since leaving the closer role.

FanGraphs | Michael Baumann: Between Gerrit Cole’s intentional walk, Victor Robles’ attempted steal of home and that double play on Wednesday night, it’s been a weird week of baseball. Baumann goes deep on the Robles decision, where the speedster clearly overestimated how long Luis Gil would take to settle himself in a three-ball count. With how the inning was going, Robles was probably better off sticking at third, but at least we got to see something we’d never seen before.

MLB.com | AJ Cassavell: Old friend Michael King and his wife Sheila have spent their split-coast time working with the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation. Sheila was diagnosed with the condition in 2018, and now, the two have developed their own foundation to raise money and awareness for kids living with Type 1 diabetes. The King of the Hill Foundation officially launched Thursday. King talked to Cassavell about this new endeavor, and how watching former teammates CC Sabathia and Aaron Judge impact their communities motivated him to do the same.

MORE FROM PINSTRIPE ALLEY
The Best 50 Could-Have-Beens of the Yankees’ Past 50 Years
Yankees 2025 arbitration tracker: Four of five players sign
Potential Yankees Player Targets
Yankees thread the needle with Cody Bellinger acquisition
Presenting the 2024 Yankees Roster Report Cards
Pinstripe Alley’s Top 100 Yankees
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Pinstripe Alley Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Yankees news from Pinstripe Alley
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
About Us
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pinstripealley.com/2024/9/20/24249407/yankees-news-juan-soto-injury-playoffs-world-series-manager-aaron-boone-bullpen-relief-holmes-weaver 
 ----- 
