This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Notice
Skip to main content
Open Main Menu Navigation
Open Search
CLOUDY ICON
66º
Go to the WPLG homepage
Sign In
NEWS
WEATHER
SPORTS
FEATURES
ENTERTAINMENT
ESPAÑOL
NEWSLETTERS
CONTACT US

WEATHER ALERT

A rip current statement in effect for Coastal Broward and Coastal Miami Dade Regions
Show Breaking News Bar
SPORTS
Burger hits game-winning single in 9th, Marlins beat Mets 4-3 after blowing late lead

Associated Press

Published: September 19, 2023 at 10:26 PM
Tags: MLB, Marlins, Miami Marlins
MIAMI, FLORIDA - SEPTEMBER 19: Jake Burger #36 of the Miami Marlins reacts after hitting a walk off RBI single to defeat the New York Mets at loanDepot park on September 19, 2023 in Miami, Florida. (Photo by Megan Briggs/Getty Images) (Megan Briggs, 2023 Getty Images)

MIAMI – Jake Burger hit a game-winning single in the bottom of the ninth inning and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Mets 4-3 on Tuesday night after blowing a late lead.

Josh Bell had an early RBI double and Braxton Garrett did not allow an earned run in six stellar innings for the Marlins, who began the day a half-game out of the final NL wild-card spot.

Recommended Videos

Miami Marlins introduce Clayton McCullough as new manager
1.5K
1
Video Player is loading.
Unmute
Duration 
1:44
/
Current Time 
0:00
Advanced Settings
Fullscreen
Play
Rewind 10 Seconds
Up Next

All-Star infielder Luis Arraez, who leads the majors with a .354 batting average, was a late scratch from Miami’s lineup because of a left ankle sprain. Marlins manager Skip Schumaker said Arraez stepped on a baseball during pregame drills.

Miami took a 3-1 lead into the ninth, but closer Tanner Scott (9-5) gave up a two-run double to Brandon Nimmo with two outs. Scott also served up Jeff McNeil’s tiebreaking homer in the ninth inning of Monday night’s 2-1 loss.

Before that, the left-hander hadn’t permitted an earned run in 18 appearances since July 31.

New York reliever Trevor Gott (0-5) hit Nick Fortes with a pitch leading off the bottom of the ninth. Xavier Edwards’ sacrifice bunt advanced Fortes and, after Jorge Soler was intentionally walked, Yuli Gurriel’s groundout advanced pinch-runner Joey Wendle and Soler.

Burger then lined an 0-2 pitch into center field to end it.

McNeil hit a leadoff double in the top of the ninth and went to third on Mark Vientos’ single. Two outs later, Nimmo’s drive to deep right-center scored McNeil and DJ Stewart.

Jon Berti hit a leadoff double in the fifth for Miami and scored on a throwing error by Mets starter Joey Lucchesi to give the Marlins a 2-1 lead. Lucchesi fielded Edwards’ bunt and threw to third — which was uncovered after third baseman Ronny Mauricio also charged the ball.

Garrett Hampson’s RBI single in the sixth made it 3-1.

Garrett also committed a throwing error that led to the Mets’ first run in the third. Pete Alonso scored from second when Garrett fielded Francisco Lindor’s dribbler near the third-base line and made an errant toss past first.

Consecutive two-out doubles from Soler and Bell in the bottom half tied it at 1.

Garrett struck out seven and allowed five hits. The left-hander has completed six innings in five of his last six outings.

Lucchesi’s outing ended after 5 2/3 innings. The left-hander gave up three runs, six hits, struck out five and walked two.

HONORS

The South Florida Chapter of the BBWAA chose Arraez as the Marlins’ 2023 Most Valuable Player and pitcher Eury Pérez as the team’s Rookie of the Year. Arraez was not available to receive the award during a brief pregame ceremony.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Mets: Rookie 3B Brett Baty (left groin strain) missed his sixth straight game. He was available to pinch hit. ... RF Starling Marte (right groin strain) moved his rehabilitation to the Mets’ spring training facility in Port St. Lucie. Marte did running drills while with the club for the series opener Monday.

Marlins: OF Bryan De La Cruz returned after a four-game absence because of right ankle discomfort and went 1 for 4.

UP NEXT

Rookie RHP Kodai Senga (11-7, 2.95 ERA) pitches the series finale Wednesday for the Mets. Miami had not announced a starter.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

Copyright 2023 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Associated Press
RELATED STORIES
McNeil’s tiebreaking homer in the 9th inning lifts the Mets to a 2-1 win over the Marlins
Read full article: McNeil’s tiebreaking homer in the 9th inning lifts the Mets to a 2-1 win over the Marlins
Chisholm hits grand slam for 2nd straight game, Marlins rout Braves 16-2 to sweep series
Read full article: Chisholm hits grand slam for 2nd straight game, Marlins rout Braves 16-2 to sweep series
Tyrone Taylor hits 2 RBI doubles and scores go-ahead run in Brewers’ 4-2 victory over Marlins
Read full article: Tyrone Taylor hits 2 RBI doubles and scores go-ahead run in Brewers’ 4-2 victory over Marlins
Marketplace
Sell Your Items - Free to List
Visit Full Marketplace

Tyco Dixie’s Diner Play Set Sealed NOS Vintage 1988

$50

MATTHEW M. | sellwild.com

Soft Black Shrug Shawl Fringed Womens One Size

$19

LIBBY B. | sellwild.com

Powered by

FEATURED FLORIDA PINS!
MOlife

Marathon Weekend is half over- in days not distance.

 Write A Comment..
MOlife

Holidays always feel brighter when the amaryllis bulbs are blooming.

 Write A Comment..

Recommended Videos

BACK TO TOP

TV Listings

Email Newsletters

RSS Feeds

Closed Captioning / Audio Description

Contact Us

Careers at WPLG

Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Public File

FCC Applications

EEO Report

Do Not Sell My Info

1.0 Host Exhibit

Cookie Preferences

FOLLOW US
Visit our YouTube page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Facebook page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Instagram page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our X page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our RSS Feed page (opens in a new tab)

If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526.

Copyright © 2025 Local10.com is published by WPLG INC., a Berkshire Hathaway company.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.local10.com/sports/2023/09/20/burger-hits-game-winning-single-in-9th-marlins-beat-mets-4-3-after-blowing-late-lead/ 
 ----- 
