Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
Tampa Bay Rays
MLB confirms Rays will get new St. Petersburg ballpark by 2028

The Rays have played at Tropicana Field since their inception

Will Randy Arozarena be on hand to open Tampa Bay's new ballpark?Lapresse
JB
Actualizado 19/09/2023 - 17:10 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLB. Manny Machado reacts to criticism and concerns about the San Diego Padres
MLB. Tampa Bay Rays' Randy Arozarena establishes unprecedented record in franchise history

Years upon years of speculation surrounding the Tampa Bay Rays' future home ended Tuesday, with confirmation that the Rays will be getting a new ballpark in the coming years.

Major League Baseball confirmed that the Rays will leave Tropicana Field and move into a new 30,000-seat ballpark on the site -- meaning the team will not relocate elsewhere despite a wave of rumors in the past.

Rays "here to stay"

The Rays have played at Tropicana Field since entering MLB as an expansion team in 1998. "The Trop" has long been regarded as infeasible for a Major League team given its location and outdated design -- and now, it will be replaced with a $1.3 billion stadium that will open in 2028.

"Major League Baseball is here to stay, right here," Rays owner Stuart Sternberg said. "As we all know, things don't always progress in a straight line. But we have all been very fortunate this region and especially this city are growing up around us and are better-equipped to support a Major League Baseball team."

Future is bright in St. Pete

Public approval is still needed before construction on the ballpark can officially begin, and that might not be awarded until 2024. But this is a major development for one of MLB's most consistent organizations, which has long sought a permanent home in the Tampa area.

MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry...
Marca
Jennifer Anisto...
Marca

The Rays are now expected to move into a new ballpark before the decade is out, leaving the domed Trop and its catwalk ceilings in the distance. The new stadium will feature an artificial turf field, as well as walls and windows that can be drawn in or opened in response to Florida's unpredictable weather patterns.

Tampa Bay has positioned itself to remain a top-tier team in MLB for multiple seasons ahead. The Rays have clinched a spot in the 2023 playoffs and are looking to return to the World Series for the second time in four years.

Tampa Bay Rays - English
MLB - English
Atlanta BravesRonald Acuna Jr. confronts Phillies fans: If you can't stop it, admire it
MLBAlex Rodriguez and his controversial use of viagra "for fun" while playing for the Yankees
Boston Red SoxRed Sox fire team president Chaim Bloom after 4 years on the job
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
白內障手術，俞小凡選擇諾貝爾眼科，快速又安全 ，術後視界好清晰
諾貝爾眼科
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
台灣人無需收入證明即可獲得貸款，這要歸功於以 下幾種選擇
貸款 | 搜尋廣告
台灣的平均智商為 106，參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高
WW IQ Test
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/tampa-bay-rays/2023/09/20/650a1c41ca474197408b45a7.html 
 ----- 
