NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Blue Jays eliminated by Twins
Blue Jays' Schneider explains why Berrios was pulled from Game 2
Sportsnet Staff
@Sportsnet
October 04, 2023 - 8:47pm
Why Blue Jays' Schneider decided to pull Berrios in favour of Kikuchi
Toronto Blue Jays manager John Schneider discusses his decision to pull Jose Berrios in the fourth inning despite a strong start on the mound in favour of Yusei Kikuchi.
Play Video
Toronto Blue Jays manager John Schneider discusses his decision to pull Jose Berrios in the fourth inning despite a strong start on the mound in favour of Yusei Kikuchi.
135 comments

After making the controversial decision to pull Jose Berrios in favour of Yusei Kikuchi in the fourth inning of Game 2 against the Minnesota Twins, Toronto Blue Jays manager John Schneider explained after the game what went into the decision.

"We had a few different plans in place. Jose was aware of it. He had electric stuff, tough to take him, and I think with the that they're constructed, you want to utilize your whole roster and it didn't work out," Schneider said. "You can look at it broadly and say it didn't work out because they scored two runs when we did make a change, you can also look at the fact that it didn't work out because we didn't take advantage of at-bats we had with runners in scoring position.

"You can sit here and second guess me, second guess the organization, second guess anybody."

Berrios entered the fourth inning after pitching a scoreless opening three innings, striking out five and only allowing three hits. He got to start the fourth, issuing a walk to Royce Lewis, who would come around to score, giving the Blue Jays' starter the loss in the game.

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-11:3f85e3f6f4162f8fac1832b Player Element ID: vjs_video_1724
OK
Close Modal Dialog

Kikuchi came into the game and allowed the next three hitters to reach base — one via walk and two by ground ball singles — before forcing a double play and groundout to end the inning. However, the damage had been done with two runs crossing the plate.

The Blue Jays made the move to Kikuchi as three of the next four Twins hitters were left-handed, opting for the southpaw over Berrios, who had been susceptible to off-handed matchups this season.

"You look at kind of overall body of work. You look at how unique their lineup is left- and right-handed. And you look at what we have in the bullpen, right-handed, especially versus their right-handed hitters," Schneider said of what the Blue Jays like in the Kikuchi matchup. "In a short three-game series, you're trying to utilize everyone the best that you can, and today didn't work out for us."

A common debate in today's game is whether to use the eye test or the numbers to make such important decisions in big situations.

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-11:7b20536c140796cd45ecc255 Player Element ID: vjs_video_874
OK
Close Modal Dialog

"The way that the game is played today, there are a lot of numbers involved and a lot of opinions involved. And I think that not only us as an organization or me as a manager, us as a staff, we've showed throughout the course of the year that you trust people. It's not cut and dry every single day," Schneider said. "Whether that means a guy goes a complete game or goes six or seven innings as opposed to four or five.

"I think it gets torn apart a little bit when your season ends, but you have to try to take your best chance to win every single time as an organization."

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Blue Jays must confront wider issues after sweep by Twins
‘Missed opportunities’: Blue Jays fans react to painful end to 2023 season
MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/blue-jays-schneider-explains-why-berrios-was-pulled-from-game-2/ 
 ----- 
