Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
MLB Scores & Matchups Free Picks Odds Prop Projections Futures News & Analysis MLB Contest World Series Teams Players Standings Statistics Weather Umpires Injuries League Trends Print Sheets
Blue Jays vs Braves Prediction, Picks & Odds for Today's MLB Game

Our MLB expert believes Chris Sale will cross up the Blue Jays on Sunday afternoon while Yariel Rodriguez struggles to match zeroes with the Braves star.

Chris Faria • Betting Analyst
Sep 8, 2024 • 10:32 ET • 4 min read

This article contains predictions for an old game!

Latest MLB Picks
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

The Toronto Blue Jays surprised the Atlanta Braves with a high-scoring win on Saturday, but this afternoon’s series finale could go a bit differently as Chris Sale takes the mound for the hosts.

Keep reading to find out why Atlanta’s ace gives his club a huge early edge in my Blue Jays vs. Braves predictions and MLB picks for Sunday, September 8.

Blue Jays vs Braves prediction

My best bet
Braves -1.5 F5 (+115 at PROLINE+)

My analysis

Chris Sale is set to make his 27th start of the season as he continues his dominant campaign. The Atlanta Braves ace, who’s currently the frontrunner in the NL Cy Young odds, has been virtually untouchable for most of the year.

Sale has not allowed more than two earned runs in 15 straight starts and is coming off a seven-inning shutout against the Rockies. The 35-year-old is also 6-0 across his last 11 outings, with his last defeat coming all the way back on June 27.

The situation on the mound for the Toronto Blue Jays is not as promising as Yariel Rodriguez will make the start. The right-hander held the Twins off the board in his last outing on September 1 but lasted just three innings. Prior to that, Rodriguez had given up a combined 15 earned runs across his three previous starts.

If facing the probably NL Cy Young winner wasn’t tough enough, the Jays are also currently in the middle of a pretty poor offensive run. Toronto has scored three runs or fewer in seven of its last 10 contests while hitting the F5 team total Over in only three of its last 13 away games.

MORE MLB PICKS

Blue Jays star player prop

My best bet
Vladimir Guerrero Jr. Over 0.5 RBI (+210 at PROLINE+)

My analysis

Following a bit of a slump in mid-July where he cashed in just five RBI through 13 games, Vladimir Guerrero Jr. is back on track. The Jays star has collected an RBI in five straight outings while batting .389 through the first four games of September.

Although the matchup against Sale is always going to be a tough one, Vladdy will at least like his chances against a lefty. Guerrero Jr. has recorded only 27 of his 94 RBI this season against southpaws, though his RBI to AB ratio vs lefties (28%) is much better compared to righties (15%).

Ontario sports bettors: Play the Jays your way with PROLINE+

Ontario-owned and operated, PROLINE+ has a robust market offering at its disposal and reinvests 100% of its profits back into the province — join today!

Sign Up Now at 

Blue Jays vs Braves odds
Blue Jays vs Braves live odds

Blue Jays vs Braves opening odds
Moneyline: Toronto +237 | Atlanta -265
Run line: Toronto +1.5 | Atlanta -1.5
Over/Under: Over 8 | Under 8
Blue Jays vs Braves moneyline and Over/Under analysis
Atlanta is the massive home favorite this afternoon, opening at -265 and sliding all the way up to -300 at several books ahead of first pitch. As of Sunday morning, 75% of bettors are taking the Braves.
Although I don’t like the Jays in this specific matchup, they are surprisingly 10-1 in their last 11 meetings vs. Atlanta.
Today’s total opened at 8 and moved down to 7.5 across the board by Sunday morning.
The Under is 7-3 in Toronto’s last 10 games and 6-1 in Atlanta’s last seven.
Blue Jays vs Braves trend

The Under is 10-1 in Atlanta’s last 11 home games. Find more MLB betting trends for Blue Jays vs. Braves.

Blue Jays vs Braves game info
Location:	Truist Park, Cumberland, GA
Date:	Sunday, 9-8-2024
First pitch:	1:35 p.m. ET
TV:	Sportsnet, Bally Sports Southeast
Blue Jays starting pitcher:	Yariel Rodriguez
(1-6, 4.61 ERA)
Braves starting pitcher:	Chris Sale
(16-3, 2.46 ERA)
Blue Jays vs Braves latest injuries

Blue Jays vs Braves weather

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Our team of experts has thoroughly researched and handpicked each product that appears on our website. We may receive compensation if you sign up through our links.

Pages related to this topic
Ontario Sportsbooks
Prince Edward Island Sports Betting
Georgia Sports Betting
Ontario Online Casinos
Hawaii Sports Betting
MLB Betting Sites
Best Ontario Betting Apps
Interac Betting Sites Ontario
Paypal Betting Sites Ontario
Best Online PayPal Casinos in Ontario
   
Chris Faria
Betting Analyst

After writing a few pieces for the Varsity newspaper during his time at the University of Toronto, Chris Faria's career in sports truly began in 2019 when he attended the sports journalism program at Centennial College. Since then, he’s covered virtually every sport under the sun, having written for several different outlets including Covers and the Canadian Olympic Committee. A lifelong hockey fan and player, Chris currently works full-time for the National Hockey League.

Outside of hockey, he’s also an avid poker player and mixed martial arts fan, which is coincidentally his favorite sport to bet on – usually in the form of a parlay on bet365. The main lesson he’s learned from years of betting is bankroll management: "Never bet more than you’re comfortable losing and never chase your losses."

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Star player prop
Odds
Trend to know
Game info
Upcoming Picks
 Vikings vs Rams Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Jason Logan
Popular Content
 2025 Cy Young Odds: Burnes Joins NL Fray in Arizona
Jason Wilson | Jan 3, 2025
 2025 World Series Odds: Mets Put Chips in on Soto
Jason Wilson | Dec 13, 2024
 2025 MLB MVP Odds: Betting Lines for AL & NL MVP Race
Jason Wilson | Dec 11, 2024
 Juan Soto Next Team Odds: Weighing His Options
Jason Wilson | Dec 4, 2024
 2024 Rookie of the Year Odds: Skenes, Gil Win Honors
Jason Wilson | Nov 19, 2024
 World Series MVP Odds: Freeman Wins World Series MVP
Jason Wilson | Oct 31, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2025 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/mlb/blue-jays-vs-braves-prediction-picks-today-sunday-9-8-2024 
 ----- 
