Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Bradford continues to prove his worth with 5th straight quality start
Share
Bradford continues to prove his worth with 5th straight quality start
September 6th, 2024

Kennedi Landry

@kennlandry
Share
;

14 SECONDS REMAINING

ARLINGTON -- Rangers pitching coach Mike Maddux knew from his first Spring Training with Cody Bradford that there was something good with this kid. Even so, nobody could’ve known or planned on Bradford doing what he’s done this season.

With a fair amount of rotational depth, Rangers manager Bruce Bochy admits that the staff entered the season expecting Bradford to operate in more of a swingman type role. Bradford entered Spring Training emphasizing the fact that he is a starting pitcher and he was competing for a spot in the Texas rotation.

Outside of a months-long stint on the injured list, Bradford has done more than enough to prove he’s a big league starting pitcher.

After tossing six innings of one run ball in the Rangers’ 3-1 win over the Angels on Thursday night, the left-hander has now recorded a quality start in each of his last five outings. That’s the longest such streak by a Texas starter in 2024 and longest since Nathan Eovaldi threw seven straight quality starts from April 18-May 23, 2023.

“To be honest, today didn’t feel like a great rhythm,” Bradford said. “I know the numbers say one thing and the feeling might say another. I don’t like walking people. Today, I had two unnecessary walks, one of which led to the only run scored tonight. That bites at me.”

Even so, Bradford allowed just two hits and two walks against the Angels, all the while utilizing a fastball that averaged 88.5 mph. That’s about a mile and a half slower than his yearly average, though both Bradford and Bochy were unbothered by the slight velo drop.

Bradford said Maddux and catcher Jonah Heim both urged him to go back to the fastball after he strayed away from it in the middle innings. After the two told Bradford to read the swing, he went back to the four-seamer and proceeded to retire the final 10 batters he faced.

Related
Here's what Joc brings to Rangers' table

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Rangers trade Festa to Cubs for cash

January 9th, 2025

What we learned from the Rangers' 2024 season

September 29th, 2024

Bradford's latest gem backed by García's heroics, stellar defense

September 19th, 2024

Bradford extends quality stretch to set up Leody's walk-off heroics

September 1st, 2024

“I noticed in the second inning maybe, I looked up at the gun -- and I hate when I do that -- and noticed it was 88 mph,” Bradford explained. “Usually my best bullets are around 90-91 mph this time of the year. I think that’s actually what caused me to get away from the fastball and not trust it. Because I let a number on an electronic scoreboard dictate how I pitched to a line. That’s unacceptable. Kudos to them for helping me trust my stuff and get back to that.”

Bradford had a 1.40 ERA in three starts before landing on the injured list with nagging back/rib issues that lasted months longer than expected. He had one rough relief outing against the Cardinals in his return from the injured list, but he’s looked as good as ever since then, with a 2.88 ERA in seven starts after the St. Louis outing.

Bradford has admitted that he’s even surprised himself a little bit with how good he’s been this year. But he credits that to just being able to trust his stuff more each and every day.

A big part of that has been his curveball usage.

Bradford spent the offseason working on reintroducing the curveball to his repertoire. It was a pitch he leaned on in college, but it was scrapped after it got hammered during his first full season of pro ball in High-A.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

After working on it all offseason and Spring Training, he came into his second big league season hoping to prove he could use the curveball as his third pitch.

“This may sound a little weird, but it was the first game against the Cubs [that I realized it worked],” Bradford said. “Over the offseason, Mike said, ‘Hey, come to Spring Training with the curveball that you throw a strike.’ Throughout the spring, he challenged me to keep using it. In the first game against the Cubs, I got a strikeout with the curveball. He told me I need to trust that I could keep doing it. And it's little things like that that just kind of surprised me. You don't know how good your stuff is gonna play until you just execute it.”

Bochy said it was long before then that he began to trust Bradford. It started last year, when he was called up and handled himself like a pro each and every day on a team full of superstars.

He’s only gotten better since, from his command to his pitch sequencing and everything in between.

“You go back to last year, he was so good then, and so I think he just continued to build off that,” Bochy said. “But with the time that he missed, what's really impressive to me, is how he's come back, and he's stronger than ever, and he's pitching deeper in a game than he was last year. He's so tough mentally. Even when things don't go right out there, he just has that great ability to put it behind him and focus.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Cody Bradford

Kennedi Landry covers the Rangers for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

Sizing up free-agent market as new year begins

January 1st, 2025

The top 10 bloopers of 2024, ranked

December 30th, 2024

Every team's largest contracts by total value

December 28th, 2024

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/cody-bradford-works-fifth-straight-quality-start-in-rangers-win-vs-angels 
 ----- 
