MwanaClick
Search
Subscribe 
Log in
Sports
Morocco win over Zambia allows Ivory Coast to scrape into last 16
Wednesday, January 24, 2024

Morocco's midfielder #7 Hakim Ziyech (R) celebrates with Morocco's defender #5 Nayef Aguerd after scoring his team's first goal during the Africa Cup of Nations (CAN) 2024 group F football match between Zambia and Morocco at the Stade Laurent Pokou in San Pedro on January 24, 2024.
 










AFP

By 
AFP

Agence France-Presse is an international news

Agence France-Presse is an international news agency headquartered in Paris, France.

What you need to know:
Morocco will face South Africa in the round of 16 while runners-up the Democratic Republic of Congo, who drew 0-0 with Tanzania, face Egypt.

San-Pédro, Ivory Coast

Hakim Ziyech scored to give Morocco a 1-0 Africa Cup of Nations Group F win over Zambia on Wednesday -- a result that enabled hosts Ivory Coast to scrape into the last 16.  

The Ivorians, humbled 4-0 by Equatorial Guinea on Monday, were among the four highest-ranked third-placed teams who qualified.

RELATED
DR Congo through to AFCON last 16 as Tanzania go out
Sports Jan 24, 2024
AFCON hosts Ivory Coast sack coach Gasset
Sports Jan 24, 2024

Group winners Morocco will face South Africa in the round of 16 while runners-up the Democratic Republic of Congo, who drew 0-0 with Tanzania, face Egypt.

Morocco coach Walid Regragui watched the match from the stand after being banned for two matches following a post-match clash with DR Congo captain Chancel Mbemba on Sunday.

Regragui entered the pitch after a 1-1 draw and appeared to have strong words with Mbemba, while also attempting to shake hands. The two men then had to be separated by several people.

The Royal Moroccan Football Federation said they will appeal the suspension, calling it an "incomprehensible decision (as) Regragui did not... contravene the spirit of fair play". 

Morocco were playing their 73rd match and Zambia a 70th in the flagship African competition, but this was only the third time they have met with the Atlas Lions previously winning and drawing.  

Captain and defender Romain Saiss was rested by the shock 2022 World Cup semi-finalists and forward Youssef En-Nesyri started on the bench.

With Zambia captain Roderick Kabwe suspended, recalled Lubambo Musonda led Chipolopolo (Copper Bullets), and regular starters Fashion Sakala and Kings Kangwa were among the substitutes.

Morocco began the final round group match already assured of a last-16 place while Zambia had to at least draw to squeeze through at the expense of Ivory Coast.

As anticipated, a Moroccan team ranked number one in Africa quickly established control of territory and possession in the southwestern coastal city.

Zambia survived a number of scares before finally falling behind after 38 minutes in a stadium named after deceased Ivorian football legend Laurent Pokou.

Goalkeeper Lawrence Mulenga spilled a cross from Achraf Hakimi and Ziyech reacted quickest in the goalmouth and slammed the loose ball into the net.

Moroccan winger Sofiane Boufal was lectured by the Gabonese referee soon after for diving in the area, seeking a penalty.  

Ziyech, on loan to Istanbul outfit Galatasaray from Chelsea, did not reappear for the second half due to an injury and was replaced by Amine Adli.

With 20 minutes remaining, Zambia coach and former Chelsea and West Ham Unitedmanager Avram Grant introduced Sakala and Kangwa, hoping they could boost chances of an equaliser. 

 
 
 
It's the content that counts

We come to you. We are always looking for ways to improve our stories. Let us know what you liked and what we can improve on.

I've got feedback!
IN THE HEADLINES
How the world witnessed four airplane accidents in a single week

This succession of incidents has prompted aviation authorities worldwide to initiate thorough investigations, aiming to enhance safety measures and prevent future tragedies.

World 4 hours ago
PRIME
 Gold, tourism boom continue to drive Tanzania’s forex earnings

In the year to October 2024, the value of gold exports increased to $3.3 billion from $2.99 billion, while tourism receipts rose by 19.7 percent to $3.68 billion

National 4 hours ago
Chad holds parliamentary election likely to cement president's grip on power

Provisional results are expected by Jan. 15, 2025, and final results by Jan. 31, 2025, in the large, mainly desert Central African nation.

Africa 5 hours ago
NEWS
Business
Entertainment
Sports
SPORTS
BUSINESS
OPED
ZANZIBAR
MAGAZINES
DIASPORA
JOBS
Contact us
ePaper
Web Mail
Frequently asked questions
NMG Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Terms and Conditions of Use
Our Blog Rules

Nation Media Group © 2024
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thecitizen.co.tz/tanzania/sports/morocco-win-over-zambia-allows-ivory-coast-to-scrape-into-last-16-4502844 
 ----- 
