Skip to content

Oceania Football Center

Blog
National Tournaments
International Tournaments
Database
Contact
Spokeyjack’s great performance propel Vanuatu to historic OFC Nations Cup final

Jonathan Spokeyjack’s superb performance against Fiji was the highlight of the OFC Nations Cup semifinal, earning him the Man of the Match award. His magnificent goal in the 2-1 victory not only showcased his talent but also secured his team a historic spot in the grand final for the first time ever. After the game, the Ifira Black Bird player spoke to Oceania Football Center about his thoughts on the match.

“We all trust each other and fight for our small nation as a team, following what our head coach and his assistant told us to play and follow our game plan,” Spokeyjack said. “We also listened to what our captain, Brian Kaltak, told us to do in the game today.”

Jonathan Spokeyjack – KD Photography

Reflecting on the significance of the match, Spokeyjack added, “It was a game that we all needed to win because it’s now or never to play this semifinal again, but thanks to the Almighty, we made it.”

He also expressed gratitude to the supporters, saying, “Thank you to all our great supporters. You helped us win today for our nation. We all deserve it.“

Spokeyjack and his team will now face New Zealand in the grand final this coming Sunday.

Discover more from Oceania Football Center

Subscribe to get the latest posts sent to your email.

Type your email…

Subscribe

Compartilhe isso:
TwitterFacebook
Posted by
Rafael Saltori27 de June de 2024
Posted in
Interviews, Vanuatu
Tags:
Jonathan Spokeyjack, OFC Nations Cup, Vanuatu Football, Vanuatu National Team
Post navigation
Previous Post
Previous post:

Raphael Lea’i officially announced by his new club in Australia
Next Post
Next post:

Fijian scoring sensation Sairusi Nalaubu poised for New Zealand move
Leave a comment
Oceania Football Center, 
Comment
 
Reblog
 
Subscribe
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://oceaniafootballcenter.org/2024/06/27/spokeyjacks-great-performance-propel-vanuatu-to-historic-ofc-nations-cup-final/ 
 ----- 
