Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Acuña's 121.2 mph (!!) HR the hardest-hit ball this year
Share
Acuña's 121.2 mph (!!) HR the hardest-hit ball this year
Arcia's 3-run homer in 10th gives Braves big series win over Dodgers
September 3rd, 2023

Mark Bowman

@mlbbowman
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

LOS ANGELES -- Ronald Acuña Jr. hit one of the hardest homers ever recorded and Orlando Arcia hit one that might have ensured the Braves will have home-field advantage throughout the postseason.

Acuña produced the season’s highest exit velocity with a third-inning solo shot and Arcia drilled a three-run home run that gave the Braves a 4-2, 10-inning win over the Dodgers on Saturday night at Dodger Stadium.

“I’m super happy for the success he’s had this season and I feel like he’s made for big moments,” Acuña said.

Acuña was talking about Arcia, but he could have easily been talking about himself. He has homered in each of the three wins the Braves have thus far tallied in this four-game set. But Acuña was every bit as happy to talk about Arcia’s latest clutch contribution, which backed a strong six-inning effort by Bryce Elder.

Arcia drilled his game winner against Alex Vesia with two outs in the 10th. His 17th homer of the season gave the Braves a chance to sweep this four-game series with a win on Sunday. They now lead the Dodgers by seven games in the battle for the National League’s best record.

“You never come in here thinking you’re going to win three, four or whatever,” Braves manager Brian Snitker said. “You just take it one game at a time. This team is so relentless.”

Acuña got things rolling with a solo homer that sailed over the center-field wall during the third inning. The massive blast had a 121.2 mph exit velocity, making it the third-hardest-hit homer and sixth-hardest-hit ball since Statcast began tracking this data in 2015.

“Oh my God, I was wondering if that was the hardest one ever hit,” Snitker said.

• The hardest-hit home runs in MLB

As soon as Acuña pulverized Emmet Sheehan’s fastball, he took a couple steps out of the box, dropped his bat and began flapping his arms, which is the Braves’ “give the ball wings” ritual. This 454-foot homer didn’t need any assistance as it flew to the batters’ eye beyond the center-field wall.

Related
Braves settle with arbitration-eligible players Kelenic, Lee

January 9th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

How will Acuña's return affect Braves' 2025 lineup?

December 19th, 2024

How latest moves, injury news will affect Braves' offseason

November 7th, 2024

Anthopoulos talks future for Sale, Fried, Ozuna and more

October 4th, 2024

Braves' offense undaunted by Dodgers as Sale collects 17th win

September 15th, 2024

“I never imagined that was going to be the exit velocity on it, but yeah, I hit it hard,” Acuña said.

Acuña’s grand slam in Thursday’s series opener made him the first player to ever hit 30-plus homers and steal 60-plus bases in the same season. He has increased his home run total to 32 and now has a realistic chance to record what would be just the fifth 40-40 season in AL/NL history.

Acuña joins the Yankees’ Giancarlo Stanton and Aaron Judge as the only players who have ever generated a 121-plus mph exit velocity on a home run. Stanton has surpassed this speed twice (121.7 mph vs. the Rangers, Aug. 9, 2018, and 121.3 mph vs. the Nationals, July 25, 2020). Judge homered with a 121.1 mph exit velo on June 10, 2017, against the Orioles.

• Every team's hardest-hit home run

Stanton accounts for four of the five exit velos higher than what is now Acuña’s best. The Pirates’ Oneil Cruz produced the highest exit velo with a 122.4 mph single against the Braves on Aug. 24, 2022.

Before Saturday, Acuña’s hardest-hit homer was a 117.4 mph shot against the Reds on June 27, 2021. His hardest-hit ball was 117.9 mph single tallied against the Pirates on July 5, 2021.

“When I got back to the dugout, some of my teammates were asking me if that was all I got,” Acuña said.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Along with being a battle between the teams with MLB’s top two records, this series was billed as one that would feature the NL’s top two MVP candidates. Mookie Betts enjoyed a two-homer performance on Thursday, but his contributions weren’t enough at as the Braves benefited from Acuña’s grand slam that night.

Acuña has gone 6-for-13 with a double, three homers, two walks (one intentional) and two stolen bases through the series’ first three games. Betts has gone 2-for-11 with two walks and four strikeouts.

“I'm really happy and it's been a great season,” Acuña said. “Fortunately, we were able to win tonight and now we can just keep moving forward.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Atlanta Braves
Ronald Acuna Jr.
Orlando Arcia

Supervising Club Reporter Mark Bowman has covered the Braves for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/ronald-acuna-jr-hits-121-2-mph-home-run 
 ----- 
