Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Tornadoes hit Texas
Trump H1b
Delray Beach
Bengals
University of Miami
SPORTS
Shaqiri scores stunning goal in Switzerland’s 1-1 draw with Scotland at Euro 2024
1 of 8 |  

Switzerland’s Xherdan Shaqiri, left, celebrates after scoring his side’s opening goal during a Group A match between Scotland and Switzerland at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Andreea Alexandru)

2 of 8 |  

Switzerland’s Xherdan Shaqiri scores his side’s opening goal during a Group A match between Scotland and Switzerland at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Andreea Alexandru)

3 of 8 |  

Scotland’s goalkeeper Angus Gunn fails to save a shot by Switzerland’s Xherdan Shaqiri during a Group A match between Scotland and Switzerland at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Andreea Alexandru)

4 of 8 |  

Switzerland’s Xherdan Shaqiri and team mates celebrate their side’s equalising goal during a Group A match between Scotland and Switzerland at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)

5 of 8 |  

Switzerland’s Xherdan Shaqiri, left, celebrates after scoring his side’s first goal during a Group A match between Scotland and Switzerland at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino)

6 of 8 |  

Scotland’s Che Adams reacts during a Group A match between Scotland and Switzerland at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino)

7 of 8 |  

Switzerland’s Ricardo Rodriguez, right, fouls Scotland’s Billy Gilmour during a Group A match between Scotland and Switzerland at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino)

8 of 8 |  

Scotland’s Scott McTominay celebrates after Switzerland’s Fabian Schar scored an own goal during a Group A match between Scotland and Switzerland at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Cologne, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Andreea Alexandru)

Read More
BY  JAMES ROBSON
Updated 1:28 AM UTC, June 20, 2024
Share

COLOGNE, Germany (AP) — “Shaq” did it again.

At the age of 32 and having left top-flight European soccer behind to play in MLS, Xherdan Shaqiri is back on the international stage and back scoring again.

His stunning first-half strike secured a 1-1 draw for Switzerland against Scotland at Euro 2024 on Wednesday.

It is the sixth-straight major international tournament in which Shaqiri has scored, dating to the World Cup in 2014.

That’s three World Cups in a row and now three European Championships for the Chicago Fire forward. According to UEFA he is the first player to achieve that feat.

“He proved tonight that he lives and breathes for moments like these,” Switzerland coach Murat Yakin said.

Shaqiri rolled back the years with a first-time curling effort from about 20 meters out at Cologne Stadium.

Scotland led from the 13th minute when Scott McTominay’s shot took a wicked deflection off Fabian Schar to beat Switzerland goalkeeper Yann Sommer.

But Shaqiri pounced on Anthony Ralston’s loose pass in the 26th to even the match with a left-footed shot into the top corner and past Scotland keeper Angus Gunn.

RELATED STORIES
Switzerland bars exports to Polish firm after Swiss-made ammunition ends up in Ukraine
Polish company denies that it broke the law in sending Swiss-made ammunition to Ukraine
Switzerland assistant coach Contini leaves to join Champions League club Young Boys

“If that chance falls to any other player in the Swiss team, it’s not a goal,” Scotland manager Steve Clarke said. “You knew when it was rolling towards Shaqiri it was destined for the back of the net. He’s a top, top player, so you don’t give top, top players that kind of chance.”

Shaqiri’s career has seen him play for some of Europe’s most iconic teams, including Bayern Munich, Inter Milan and Liverpool. He joined the Fire two years ago, but in that time has continued to produce for his country on the biggest stage.

“Shaq always gives everything in training,” Switzerland defender Manuel Akanji said. “I don’t know how many other players are able to score that goal.”

The draw leaves Switzerland on four points, second in Group A behind Germany and likely to advance to the round of 16.

Germany became the first nation to advance after a 2-0 win over Hungary earlier in the day.

Scotland’s hopes of making the knockout round depend on its final game against Hungary on Sunday and results elsewhere. No team has failed to advance from the group stage with four points.

Both teams had chances to win the game.

The Swiss should have taken the lead just before the hour mark when Dan Ndoye turned Kieran Tierney on the edge of the box. With just goalkeeper Angus Gunn to beat, Ndoye fired wide of goal.

Grant Hanley then headed against the post from a Scotland free kick and Switzerland’s Zeki Amdouni headed wide at the far post late on.

Scotland has never advanced beyond the group stage of a World Cup or Euros on 11 previous attempts.

But repeated disappointment doesn’t seem to dampen optimism among its fans, who filled Cologne’s square before the game.

Swiss supporters were out in numbers, too, creating a raucous atmosphere in the stadium.

It was certainly a more enjoyable evening for Scotland’s fans than the opening game of the Euros — a 5-1 loss to Germany.

“It was what we expected. It was a good reaction to a disappointing night. We’re still alive in the tournament,” Clarke said.

Goals from Jamal Musiala and İlkay Gündoğan made it two wins from two for host Germany after victory against Hungary and ensured there would be no repeat of its group stage exit from the 2022 World Cup.

Albania substitute Klaus Gjasula scored in the fifth minute of stoppage time to hold World Cup semifinalist Croatia to a 2-2 draw in Group B. Gjasula’s own goal, just four minutes after entering the game in the second half, had looked like handing Croatia the win until his late strike.

___

James Robson is at https://twitter.com/jamesalanrobson

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Free IQ Test
:
Advertisement
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Sleep Made Simple: LifeMD [Learn More]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psor iasis Treatments
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinn amon ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutio...
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
I Gave My Wife an Eter nal Rose
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
Boy killed in Colorado reservatio n shooting was in bed when he...
A man has been arrested in the fatal shooting of a 7-year-old boy on a tribal...
AP News
Why These Ski Goggle s Are a Game Changer
topchicdeals
Advertisement:
Read More
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
New Needle-free Blood Glucose Meter: Check Out The Prices
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Search Now
Oklahoma AG dismisses assault charge against officer who sla...
Oklahoma's Republican attorney general is dismissing a felony assault charge agains...
AP News
Chinese workers found in 'slaver y-like conditions' in Brazil take...
Dozens of Chinese workers have been taken and put up in hotels in Brazil’s...
AP News
2024 New Palisade For Senior Simply Amazes - See The Prices
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
New Hyundai Santa Fe Is Nearly Unrecogniza ble (Take A Peek At...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Arthrozene:Advertisement
Learn More
Game shows what the world without US military interventions would look like
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/euro-2024-scotland-swizerland-score-9f84107afdeb3a9f2a15c367d3cafe2e 
 ----- 
