Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 European Championship, Group Stage
SCO
0-1-1, 1 PTS
1
FT
SUI
1-1-0, 4 PTS
1
Scott McTominay - 13'
Xherdan Shaqiri - 26'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Videos
Scotland draw with Switzerland to keep Euro hopes alive
ByReuters
Updated: Jun 19, 2024, 10:39 pm

Scotland kept alive their hopes of reaching the knockout stages of a major tournament for the first time by holding Switzerland to a gripping 1-1 draw at Euro 2024 on Wednesday thanks to an early goal from Scott McTominay.

Out to rescue their battered pride after a 5-1 drubbing by Germany, Scotland went ahead after 13 minutes from McTominay's deflected shot before the Swiss levelled 13 minutes later with a superb strike from Xherdan Shaqiri after a defensive blunder.

"That's what we expected. This is the way we've been playing for the last three or four years," Scotland manager Steve Clarke told reporters.

"We knew what we had to do it. It was a good team performance against good opponents and a good reaction. We're still alive."

Switzerland looked the more dangerous team and had the best of the chances in a lively match, but the Scots, lifted by a rapturous travelling support, fought hard to keep them at bay with pacy Swiss forward Dan Ndoye going close several times.

Switzerland, seeking to qualify for the knockout rounds of a sixth successive major tournament, spurned their chance of joining Group A rivals Germany in the next stage with a game to spare, as the Scots repelled countless first-half attacks.

Scotland started brightly and went in front on the break when Andy Robertson surged down the left before finding Callum McGregor, who teed up McTominay for a shot that deflected into the net off Fabian Schär.\

Scott McTominay attempts a shot for Scotland in their Euro draw with Switzerland in Cologne.
Getty Images

"I guess that's much more like us, aggressive on the front foot, couldn't have got off to a better start," Scotland captain Robertson said. "We had our chances, but so did they, it was an open game, two really good teams going at it."

Switzerland nearly equalised when Ricardo Rodrigues fired a volley wide of the post and their pressure paid off when Shaqiri charged towards the area to intercept a poor Scottish pass and fired a curling shot into the top corner.

Ndoye nearly made it two for Switzerland when he forced a save from keeper Angus Gunn and he had a goal disallowed for offside from the resulting corner.

Scotland came out fighting in the second half and had a succession of chances, almost going back in front when Grant Hanley headed a cross against the post.

McTominay almost grabbed a second nine minutes from time with a sweet strike inside the area which was blocked by Manuel Akanji.

Swiss coach Murat Yakin said Switzerland paid the price for missed chances, but were still in a good position.

"Their pride was hurt and we expected them to react," Murat said. "We had to expend more energy than we expected to equalise.

"We could have won the game, we missed some really big opportunities."

Game Information
RheinEnergieSTADION
7:00 PM, June 19, 2024
Coverage: FOX
Köln, Germany
Line: SUI -0.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 42,711
Referees:
Ivan Kruzliak
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/690585 
 ----- 
