Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Tyrese Maxey Stat vs Pacers Ties 76ers Legend Again
Tyrese Maxey re-joins Allen Iverson in an impressive statistical category.
Justin Grasso | Oct 28, 2024
Oct 27, 2024; Indianapolis, Indiana, USA; Philadelphia 76ers guard Tyrese Maxey (0) looks up at the basket past Indiana Pacers guard Andrew Nembhard (2) during the second half at Gainbridge Fieldhouse. Mandatory Credit: Marc Lebryk-Imagn Images / Marc Lebryk-Imagn Images
In this story:
Philadelphia 76ers
Indiana Pacers

The Philadelphia 76ers were getting desperate for a win during the first week of the 2024-2025 NBA season. During a Sunday afternoon matchup against the Indiana Pacers, Sixers guard Tyrese Maxey felt the urgency and did all he could to avoid an 0-3 start to the season.

Maxey’s first two performances of the season featured poor shooting, contributing to back-to-back losses to open up the year. The first half of Sunday’s game didn’t go much better.

In 20 minutes, Maxey made just two of his six shots from the field to score seven points. The Sixers trailed by six points when they went into halftime.

In the third quarter, Maxey turned his play up a few notches. As the Sixers outscored the Pacers 27-20, Maxey accounted for more than half of his team’s production coming out of the half. In the fourth quarter, Maxey tacked on another 14 points to help the Sixers even the score with the Pacers.

The Sixers couldn’t close out the Pacers in regulation. A high-stakes three-ball by Tyrese Haliburton sent the game into overtime. That gave Maxey another chance to add to his point total for the night. He ended up totaling 38 points in the second half, tying the NBA legend Allen Iverson for most second-half points since 1997-1998.

Maxey has now accomplished that second-half total twice in his career.

Last season, a late-season game against the San Antonio Spurs on the road gave Maxey an opportunity to have the best scoring outing of his career.

The guard played 54 minutes, putting up 41 shots from the field. He scored 52 points to help the Sixers churn out a seven-point win before reaching the NBA Play-In Tournament as the Eastern Conference’s seventh seed.

Sunday’s game wasn’t as critical from a seeding standpoint, but it can still be viewed as a statement outing for the Sixers. A fired-up Maxey posted 45 points in 47 minutes. He also dished out four assists on the offensive end. Defensively, Maxey came down with four rebounds, snatched one steal, and blocked two shots.

The Sixers collected their first win, taking home a 118-114 victory.

Published Oct 28, 2024
JUSTIN GRASSO

Title: Credentialed writer/reporter covering the Philadelphia 76ers for Sports Illustrated’s FanNation Email: JustinGrasso32@Gmail.com Location: Philadelphia, PA Expertise: Reporting, insight, and analysis on the Sixers and the NBA  Justin Grasso is a credentialed writer and publisher covering the Philadelphia 76ers for Sports Illustrated’s FanNation.  Grasso got his start in sports media in 2016 with FantasyPros, working the news desk, providing game-by-game player analysis and updates on the Portland Trail Blazers and the Golden State Warriors. By 2017, he joined FanSided’s Philadelphia Eagles site as a staff writer. After spending one season covering the Eagles as a staff writer, Grasso was promoted to become the site’s Co-Editor. For the next two NFL seasons, he covered the Eagles closely before broadening his NFL coverage. For a brief stint, Grasso covered the NFL on a national basis after joining Heavy.com as an NFL news desk writer. In 2019, Grasso joined the 76ers' beat on a part-time basis, stepping into a role with South Jersey’s 97.3 ESPN. Ahead of the 2019-2020 NBA season, he concluded a three-year stint covering the Eagles and joined the Sixers beat full-time. Grasso has covered the 76ers exclusively since then for Sports Illustrated. He is a member of the Pro Basketball Writer’s Association.  Twitter: @JGrasso_ Instagram: @JGrassoNBA

Follow @JGrasso_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/76ers/news/tyrese-maxey-stat-vs-pacers-ties-76ers-legend-again 
 ----- 
