Skip to main content
Liberty Ballers homepage
a Philadelphia 76ers community
Follow Liberty Ballers online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Liberty Ballers main menu
SECTIONS 
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

SIXERS NEWS
 
TODAY'S NBA NEWS
NBA gives Joel Embiid tech for waving towel from bench, admits to missing game-altering travel

The NBA’s Last 2 Minute report for the Sixers-Pacers contest assessed Joel Embiid with a technical for waving a towel from the bench and admitted to missing a game-altering traveling call.

By Erin Grugan  Oct 28, 2024, 8:49pm EDT  55 Comments / 55 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Erin Grugan joined Liberty Ballers in 2022 and writes, manages social media and edits videos. Prior to that, she worked as a sports reporter and photographer for numerous outlets since 2016.

The NBA is focusing on the important things, as always.

Philadelphia 76ers star center Joel Embiid officially has more technical fouls than games played after the NBA assessed him with a postgame tech for his action during the Sixers’ overtime win over the Indiana Pacers on Sunday. It was announced in the last two minute report for the contest, posted Monday.

That action? Waving a towel from the bench while Indiana’s Andrew Nembhard attempted free throws. Embiid was watching from the sideline as he continues progressing through injury management toward his season debut. So make that one technical foul, zero games played.

Alright, this is technically against the rules, as the NBA rulebook states:

“During all free throw attempts, no opponent in the game shall disconcert the shooter once the ball is placed at his disposal. The following are acts of disconcertion:

Waving his arms or making a sudden movement when in the visual field of the shooter during any free throw attempt”

That being said, it still feels like a weak call, especially one to make not on the floor at the time but instead assess postgame upon reviewing game footage. But I digress.

Thank goodness the NBA is focusing on the important things here. The things that really matter. It’s not like they missed anything else perhaps more important from that game... right?

Well... not exactly.

Pacers’ guard Tyrese Haliburton sent the contest to overtime in dramatic fashion, hitting an improbable triple to tie the game with just a few seconds left in regulation. Even in real time, it looked like Haliburton’s step-back behind the arc took... a lot of steps. But, no whistle. He sinks the shot, and we go to overtime.

Turns out, it was a lot of steps for Haliburton. The league said in the last two minute report that the non-call on the floor was incorrect, and that “Haliburton (IND) gathers the ball and takes more than two steps before attempting the shot” which should have resulted in a turnover for a traveling violation.

Now that is a major mistake—something that affected the game and could have resulted in a complete change of outcome. The game was sent to overtime because of that play.

Sure, the Sixers ended up winning in overtime and the Embiid technical foul is very unlikely to affect him (16 techs result in a suspension), but it’s hard not to laugh sometimes when the league displays where its priorities lay.

MORE FROM LIBERTY BALLERS
It’s crazy how much the Sixers miss Jared McCain. They need to find a replacement
Guerschon Yabusele’s wizardry in win over Washington proves he thrives as a small-ball five
Sixers look to build momentum as they host Pelicans
Podcast: 76ers Trade Deadline Preview
Joel Embiid, PG return to practice on Thursday, Embiid still out vs. Pelicans
Tyrese Maxey makes headway in latest All-Star fan voting returns
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Liberty Ballers Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Philadelphia 76ers news from Liberty Ballers
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.libertyballers.com/2024/10/28/24282279/philadelphia-sixers-indiana-pacers-joel-embiid-officials-nba-technical-tyrese-haliburton-adam-silver 
 ----- 
