    Subscribe
SPORTS
Maxey scores 45 points to propel 76ers over Pacers
Agence France-Presse
October 28, 2024 | 10:23am
 
Tyrese Maxey of the Philadelphia 76ers reacts during the second half against the Indiana Pacers at the Gainbridge Fieldhouse on October 27, 2024 in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Justin Casterline/Getty Images/AFP

ADVERTISEMENT

LOS ANGELES — Tyrese Maxey scored 10 of his 45 points in overtime to carry the Philadelphia 76ers to their first victory of the NBA season on Sunday (Monday Manila time), a hard-fought 118-114 triumph over the Indiana Pacers.

Philadelphia had struggled in their first two games with former NBA Most Valuable Player Joel Embiid sidelined by injury and newly acquired nine-time All-Star Paul George's Sixers debut delayed by a knee injury.

But Maxey made sure they got into the win column, shrugging off early shooting struggles to come through when it mattered.

Maxey made just two of six shots in the first half and missed his first seven attempts in the third quarter before finding his touch and drilled a 10-foot jump shot with 2.3 seconds left that gave Philadelphia a 79-78 lead going into the fourth quarter.

Maxey scored 14 points in a fourth quarter that featured 10 lead changes. It went to overtime when Indiana's Tyrese Haliburton drained a three-pointer to tie it at 105-105 with 3.5 seconds left and Maxey was off target with a three at the buzzer.

Maxey made a 3-pointer to open overtime and the Sixers never trailed. His big night came after he shot just 29.6% from the field over the first two games.

"I wasn't so much disappointed in my offense the last two games, our offense as a whole — it was our effort," Maxey said. "I was letting my offense affect my effort defensively.

"Today I was just going extremely hard defensively, kind of got going and we benefitted from that."

Caleb Martin added 17 points and 12 rebounds. Kelly Oubre had 14 points and eight rebounds and Andre Drummond scored nine points with 17 rebounds.

Haliburton led the Pacers with 22 points — one of seven Indiana players to score in double figures.

The Portland Trail Blazers and Brooklyn Nets notched their first victories of the young season, Portland downing the New Orleans Pelicans, 125-103, and Brooklyn fending off Giannis Antetokounmpo and the Milwaukee Bucks, 115-102.

Jerami Grant scored 28 points and Anfernee Simons added 27 as all five Portland starters scored in double figures. DeAndre Ayton scored 17 and pulled down 12 rebounds for the Blazers, who never trailed in the second half.

CJ McCollum led the Pelicans with 27 points with Zion Williamson and Brandon Ingram contributing 14 apiece.

Portland's win came two days after the Pelicans pulled off a two-point victory after trailing the Blazers by double digits at halftime.

In Brooklyn, Cam Thomas scored 32 points and Dennis Schroder added 29 to power the Nets in their first win under Spanish coach Jordi Fernandez.

The Nets emerged from a back-and-forth third quarter with an 83-78 lead and pulled away in the final frame with help from 11 points from Thomas.

Two-time NBA MVP Antetokounmpo scored 22 points and grabbed 12 rebounds and Damian Lillard added 21 points for the Bucks, who have lost two straight after winning their season opener.

76ERS
NBA
PHILADELPHIA
TYRESE MAXEY
Relevant. Witty. Daily

Morning news briefings from Philstar.com

 SIGN-UP
or sign in with
MORE IN SPORTS
Hotshots hold on
PTA general assembly set
PSC to expand youth program
Philippine bowlers bow out
BRANDSPACE ARTICLES
LOOK: Celebrities Anne Curtis, Marian Rivera, others praise the new vivo X200 Pro
Cebuana Lhuillier ventures into future of payments at Plan B Forum in Switzerland
IQOS inspires to answer the call to stay curious: A new world of pleasures and progress
What went down at the 2024 MAMA Awards. Plus your sign to get closer to your next trip
vivo V40 Lite: Durable device equipped with AI camera features for only P15,999
Got leftover holiday ham? Check out this adobo recipe with a twist by Ninong Ry
San Mig Light's new lifestyle icons are Gen Zs on a mission: Meet Neil, Scott and Leika
Want to be that ‘girl’s girl’ without the pressure of perfection? Try these doable tips
LIST: The partners of GCash in keeping your e-wallet safe
<
>
Philstar
RECOMMENDED STORIES
RECOMMENDED BY
LATEST
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.philstar.com/about-us/sports/2024/10/28/2395886/maxey-scores-45-points-propel-76ers-over-pacers 
 ----- 
