“It’s complex” – CSA on playing Afghanistan
NEWS
STAFF WRITER
 SEP 18, 2024
  -
LISTEN TO THIS

The Proteas have received criticism ahead of their one-day international (ODI) series against Afghanistan, starting today in Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates (UAE).

Some have argued that South Africa should boycott the series because of the way the country’s governing Taliban treats women.

Ahead of the series, which will be South Africa and Afghanistan’s first bilateral series, the South African Cricketers’ Association (SACA) released a statement objecting to the fact that Afghanistan was the only international team which did not have a women’s side.

SACA said: “A player’s right to pursue sport cannot be limited because of his or her gender. We urge CSA to use this series to highlight that these rights for Afghanistan’s women’s players must be protected and respected.”

The Proteas’ captain, Temba Bavuma, was quoted by News24 as saying: “I’m fully behind the sentiments that are expressed by SACA, but as a player I’ve got to respect the fact that there are people in positions who have that responsibility to speak more eloquently and articulate a bit more of it. But, in my own personal capacity, I definitely support the stance expressed by SACA.”

The CEO of Cricket South Africa (CSA), Pholetsi Moseki, said the matter was “complex”.

News24 quoted him as saying: “It’s a very complex thing, that’s why we have decided to align with the majority of the ICC members in showing solidarity to Afghanistan, their players and the cricket board.”

Following the three-match ODI series against Afghanistan, South Africa will stay on in the UAE and play a number of limited-overs matches against Ireland.

Staff Writer

Don't miss out

Subscribe for our latest insightful op-eds and podcasts direct to your inbox, to enjoy alongside your morning coffee.

Opt in to receive news and updates.

Subscribe

Daily Friend © 2025

About Us

The Daily Friend is the online newspaper of the Institute of Race Relations. The IRR was established in 1929 to promote political and economic freedom, and rose to become the most prominent anti-apartheid think tank in the world.

Trending Articles
Government took the foreign-owned spaza shop bait
13 Dec, 2024
Can the GNU defeat the NDR?
10 Dec, 2024
Rethinking SA’s history curriculum: An open letter to Minister Siviwe Gwarube
14 Dec, 2024
The coming showdown over racial quotas: To defy or comply
11 Dec, 2024
Find us online
About us
Fund us
Contact us
Advertise with us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://dailyfriend.co.za/2024/09/18/its-complex-csa-on-playing-afghanistan/ 
 ----- 
