SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
CAN 2024
CAN 2024
AFCON: When and How to Watch South Africa Vs Namibia

No game is without challenges in AFCON, especially with the weather conditions and physical strength of African squads.

Safaa KasraouiJan. 21, 2024 1:05 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
South Africa vs Namibia

Rabat - South Africa faces a real test today against Namibia in the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON), currently held in Cote d’Ivoire.

The South Africa vs Namibia game will take place today at 9 p.m. Moroccan time.

Fans can watch the decisive match at Sky Sports Mix.

With a subscription, viewers can watch the game live via  Sky Go website or app. South Africa needs to win the game today to make up for its defeat after their first game against Mali on January 16.

Mali defeated the South African team 2-0.

According to Opta Analyst, the game will be in favor of Bafana Bafana, the South African side.

But the sports prediction website acknowledged the challenges ahead of South Africa after Namibia beat Tunisia in its opening game 1-0.

The win earned them their first-ever victory at AFCON, the website added.

“If they make it two from two, they’ll achieve another first by booking their spot in the next round,” the website said.

Read Also: Mali Triumphs Against South Africa 2-0 in AFCON Group Stage Clash

 

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
CAF: ‘Morocco is Set to Raise the Bar for African Football’
Morocco U20 Nears AFCON Qualification After 1-1 Draw with Algeria
When, How to Watch Senegal vs Burundi AFCON Qualifier
Kenya vs Namibia: Preview, Predictions for Dead Rubber Face Off
Cameroon vs Zimbabwe: Preview, Prediction for Top Spot Battle
Egypt v Botswana: Match Preview, Predictions for Final AFCON Qualifier
When, How to Watch Central African Republic vs Gabon AFCON Qualifier
Morocco to Host Women’s AFCON Draw on November 22
Recent
Popular
Comments
CAF Fines AS FAR $15,000 Over Fans’ Use Of Smoke Bombs, Lasers

Former US President Jimmy Carter Dies At 100

New Government Strategy Seeks To Address Youth Unemployment, Strengthen Morocco's Job Market

Azerbaijan President Demands Putin To 'Admit Guilt' After Deadly Plane Crash

Rescue Operation Underway For Moroccan Patrol Boat "Al-Qasid" Stranded Near Melilla

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco’s Futsal Team Secures Semi-Final Spot In 2024 AFCON

Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy In Morocco

Regragui-Mbemba Clash: Bounou Says DR Congo Captain Was Provocative, Disrespectful

Walid Regragui’s Post-CAN Exit Media Appearance Disappoints Fans

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360270/afcon-when-and-how-to-watch-south-africa-vs-namibia 
 ----- 
