Business Live
Business Live
	
	
	
	
 SPORT / SOCCER
Bafana Bafana score four goals in emphatic win over Namibia at Afcon
Victory boosts Bafana’s chances of progressing to the last-16
22 JANUARY 2024 - 00:15
by MARK GLEESON
Support our award-winning journalism.
The Premium package (digital only) is R30 for the first month and thereafter you pay R129 p/m now ad-free for all subscribers.
Subscribe now
South Africa's players celebrate after Themba Zwane scores their second goal against Namibia at Stade Amadou Gon Coulibaly in Korhogo, Ivory Coast, January 21 2024. Picture: LUC GNAGO/REUTERS

Korhogo — Bafana Bafana veteran Themba Zwane scored twice as they comfortably overcame neighbours Namibia 4-0 in their Africa Cup of Nations Group E clash on Sunday to boost their chances of progressing to the last-16.

Zwane’s double at the Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium came after Percy Tau converted a 14th-minute penalty, having fired one wide in their first match against Mali last week, while substitute Thapelo Maseko netted the fourth.

The 34-year-old Zwane scored twice in the space of 15 minutes to take a first-half lead from which Namibia never recovered.

Bafana, whose victory margin was the biggest of the tournament in the Ivory Coast, moved ahead of Namibia on goal difference in the standings, behind leaders Mali who have four points but two points ahead of top-seeded Tunisia, who have one.

Namibia had upset Tunisia in their opening game and might have gone ahead early against their neighbours had key striker Peter Shalulile taken two good early chances. He missed a sitter from right in front of goal in the eighth minute, facing his club mate Ronwen Williams in the South African goal.

SA were then handed a penalty for a second successive game courtesy of a VAR check, which showed a handball from left-back Riaan Hanamub as he tried to halt SA winger Thapelo Morena’s progress up the flank.

Tau, who had a horror miss from the spot against Mali, made no mistake this time to put SA ahead.

Zwane then finished off a smart pullback from Morena to make it 2-0 in the 25th minute and glided past the defence for the third goal in the 40th minute, outpacing the Namibia backs before slotting home.

The speed of Maseko was also key for the fourth goal in the 75th minute as he ran onto a ball played over the midfield, sprinting away to score.

SA, beaten 2-0 by Mali in their opening game, conclude their group campaign against Tunisia, who will need a win to stand any chance of progressing, while Namibia go up against Mali.

Reuters 

DR CONGO EQUALISE TO HOLD FAVOURITES MOROCCO TO NATIONS CUP DRAW
The North Africans’ run to the World Cup semifinal 14 months ago has made them the team to beat
SPORT11 months ago
MOROCCO MAKE WINNING START AT AFCON
Favourites beat 10-man Tanzania 3-0 in strong start to Africa Cup of Nations campaign
SPORT11 months ago
NAMIBIA STUN TUNISIA IN FIRST AFCON WIN
Hotto scores late to hand team a shock 1-0 victory over North Africans at Africa Cup of Nations
SPORT11 months ago
BAFANA FACE FIRED-UP NAMIBIA
They know they have to win to stay in the competition
SPORT11 months ago
BAFANA MUST BEAT NAMIBIA TO STAY IN AFCON, SAYS BROOS
Bafana coach goes easy on his team after loss to Mali
SPORT11 months ago
Next Article
Support our award-winning journalism.
The Premium package (digital only) is R30 for the first month and thereafter you pay R129 p/m now ad-free for all subscribers.
Subscribe now

Would you like to comment on this article?
Sign up (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

SIGN UP
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

Subscribe now for an ad-free experience.
Support independent journalism.
Subscribe now
MOST READ
1.
David Miller makes strong case for staying in ...
SPORT / CRICKET
2.
FREE TO READ | South Africans love a lesser-known ...
SPORT
3.
Boks set for All Blacks’ garden of Eden
SPORT / RUGBY
4.
Rookie Johnston bags Australian Open as Shin ...
SPORT / OTHER SPORT
5.
Sinner crowns outstanding season with ATP Finals ...
SPORT / OTHER SPORT

Published by Arena Holdings and distributed with the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of every month except December and January.

Politics
National
Education
Health
Labour
Media
Science & Environment
World
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Middle East
Sport
Cricket
Other Sport
Rugby
Soccer
Companies
Energy
Financial Services
Healthcare
Industrials
Innovation
Land & Agriculture
Management
Mining
Property
Retail & Consumer
Telecoms & Technology
Trade & Industry
Transport & Tourism
Markets Data
Markets
Markets Data
Business
Legal Notices
Economy
Opinion
Columnists
Editorials
Letters
Read More
About us
Contact us
Subscribe
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Search
Careers and Tenders

© 2024 Arena Holdings. All rights reserved.

Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

© BusinessLIVE MMXXIV  

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.businesslive.co.za/bd/sport/soccer/2024-01-22-bafana-bafana-score-four-goals-in-emphatic-win-over-namibia-at-afcon/ 
 ----- 
