NFA President and PST Bet Rally Behind Brave Warriors with N$300,000 Pledge
January 18, 2024

The President of the Namibia Football Association [NFA], Robert Shimooshili, and PST Bet Founder and CEO, Steve Hamunyela, have jointly pledged a substantial N$150,000 each towards the Tafel Lager Brave Warriors. 

This gesture follows the team’s historic 1-0 victory over Tunisia in the TotalEnergies AFCON tournament on Tuesday evening, 16th January 2023, marking Namibia’s first-ever triumph in the competition.

Shimooshili, moved by the team’s dedication, said, “You left your families back home, and while on this mission, put everything aside to focus on your assignment and make us proud. The Namibian nation is grateful for the history made.” 

“We believe in your potential; this contribution is not just financial support, it’s a vote of confidence in the resilience and determination displayed by the Brave Warriors. You have brought honour and pride to the nation.” he stated.

Urging fellow Namibians to join the cause, Shimooshili added, “I challenge the Namibian nation to, those who can, support the team in whatever way they can.” The call extends beyond the individuals to encompass businesses.

Speaking at the same event, Hamunyela of PST Bet conveyed profound gratitude and appreciation to the team for their triumphant performance, saying the financial support is a step in enhancing the team’s resources and fortifying their chances in the upcoming matches.

On this, Hamunyela remarked “This donation is PST Bet’s way of thanking the Brave Warriors. Our special way of saying we love you.” 

Namibia will face neighbouring country South Africa on the 21st January 2024 in Korhogo, and take on Mali in San Pedro on the 24th January 2024 in their last group E match of the tournament.

 PREVIOUS ARTICLE
Namibia’s AFCON Win A Catalyst For National Unity, Says Benjamin
ABOUT US

The Namibia Football Association (NFA) is the governing body of football in Namibia. It was founded in 1990, and affiliated to FIFA and to CAF in 1992.

SITE MAP
Home
About
Rules & Regulations
News
National Teams
Competitions
Resources
Contact
CONTACT US
Tel: +264 61 265 691
Email: info@nfa.org.na
Physical Address
Football House,
Richard Kamuhuka Street,
Katutura, Windhoek
© 2024 Namibia Football Association. By Interactive IT Solutions.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nfa.org.na/nfa-president-and-pst-bet-rally-behind-brave-warriors-with-n300000-pledge/ 
 ----- 
