Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
AFCON 2023: Mali 2-0 South Africa | Eagles aloft of Group E
Mali’s two goals against South Africa came from captain Hamari Traore and Lassine Sinayoko in the 60th and 66th minutes respectively
by DAVID ISABIRYE
JANUARY 17, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Mali Players celebrate one of their two goals against South Africa | Credit: CAF Media
Overview:

Mali is now top of group E with three points and two goals, one better than Namibia who shocked Tunisia 1-0 in the earlier kick off.

AFCON 2023:

Group E:

Mali 2-0 South Africa
Tunisia 0-1 Namibia

Two second half goals from skipper Hamari Traore and Lassine Sinayoko inspired Mali to a remarkable 2-0 win over South Africa during group E at the 20,000 seater Amadou Gon Coulibaly stadium in Korhogo city on Tuesday night.

The opening half had ended goal-less during the end-to-end duel.

South Africa would have taken the lead in the opening stanza but Percy Tau Muzi blasted over the bar.

Traore gave Mali the lead with a clinical finish past goalkeeper Williams Ronwen on the hour mark.

Auxerre forward Sinayoko added the second goal six minutes later to spark wild celebrations in the stands.

A male Male fan smiles in the stands | Credit: CAF Media

Sinayoko reacted fastest to stab the ball home after Red Bull Salzburg’s Sekou Koita had his free-kick razzle off the cross bar.

Mali is now top of group E with three points and two goals, one better than Namibia who shocked Tunisia 1-0 in the earlier kick off.

Orlando Pirates’ midfielder Deon Hotto Kavendji was the hero with the priceless goal with two minutes of normal time left on the clock.

Next Group E Games:

Tunisia will face Mali on Saturday, 20th January 2024 at 11:00 PM (Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium).

Meanwhile, Namibia returns to action on Sunday, 21st January 2024 (11:00 PM), also at the Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium.

Senegal won the championship in 2022.

Other Results:

Group D:

Burkina Faso 1-0 Mauritania
Algeria 1-1 Angola

Group C:

Cameroon 1-1 Guinea
Senegal 3-0 The Gambia

Group B:

Egypt 2-2 Mozambique
Ghana 1-2 Cape Verde

Group A:

Nigeria 1-1 Equatorial Guinea
Cote D’Ivoire 2-0 Guinea Bissau
DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
Would-be URU Awards: 2024 was Okello, Lekuru’s year
Kayanja, Naiga pot to victory in end of year 2024 pool championship at Kansanga
Ex-Ondu, Gaddafi coach lands Mbale Heroes job on interim
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/01/17/afcon-2023-mali-2-0-south-africa-eagles-aloft-of-group-e/ 
 ----- 
