Namibia’s AFCON Win A Catalyst For National Unity, Says Benjamin
January 18, 2024

In a momentous post-match press conference at the Amadou de Coulibaly stadium in Korhogo, Coach Collin Benjamin expressed profound pride and declared Namibia’s 1-0 win over Tunisia in the TotalEnergies AFCON a nation-building achievement. 

This historic victory unfolded as Deon Hotto’s lone goal secured the Brave Warriors’ triumph at the Amadou Gon Coulibaly stadium in Korhogo, Côte d’Ivoire.

“Coming from a country that has faces many challenges, this victory is for every Namibian, regardless of their geographical locations. The Brave Warriors have brought restoration and immense pride to our nation,”

“I do not know what is happening in the streets back home right now, but I am sure it is beautiful. I am proud! Proud to coach such talents and proud to be Namibian.” he stated.

Reflecting on the match, Benjamin acknowledged missed opportunities in the first half but emphasized the well-deserved nature of the win. 

On “the performance, he said “We created good chances in the first half. With more clinical finishing and experience, we could have secured a more significant victory. Nonetheless, this win is well deserved,” 

Addressing the broader significance of the AFCON journey, the coach highlighted the life-changing opportunity the tournament offers.

“We entered this tournament with hungry players, eager for success and the chance to rewrite history. It’s more than just soccer; it’s a life-changing opportunity; some will use it to kickstart their careers, while others aim to take the next step,” said the coach.

Looking ahead, Namibia is set to face South Africa on January 21, 2024, at the same venue, followed by a clash with Mali on January 24 in San Pedro at Stade de San Pedro. 

The nation now anticipates continued success in the AFCON journey, propelled by the spirit and determination exemplified in this groundbreaking victory.

 PREVIOUS ARTICLE
Hotto’s Lone Goal leads Namibia to Historic AFCON Triumph
ABOUT US

The Namibia Football Association (NFA) is the governing body of football in Namibia. It was founded in 1990, and affiliated to FIFA and to CAF in 1992.

SITE MAP
Home
About
Rules & Regulations
News
National Teams
Competitions
Resources
Contact
CONTACT US
Tel: +264 61 265 691
Email: info@nfa.org.na
Physical Address
Football House,
Richard Kamuhuka Street,
Katutura, Windhoek
© 2024 Namibia Football Association. By Interactive IT Solutions.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nfa.org.na/namibias-afcon-win-a-catalyst-for-national-unity-says-benjamin/ 
 ----- 
