Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo

LIVE COVERAGE

Winds prolong fire risk as investigators probe electric tower as possible origin of Eaton fire
ADVERTISEMENT
DODGERS
Shohei Ohtani sparks four-homer first inning, moves closer to 50-50 in Dodgers’ win
Shohei Ohtani runs the bases after homering in the first inning Wednesday. (Ashley Landis / Associated Press)
By Mike DiGiovanna
Staff Writer
Follow
Published Sept. 11, 2024 Updated Sept. 12, 2024 12:27 AM PT
Share

The Dodgers might want to add another giveaway item to the 18 bobblehead dolls and various jerseys, sweatshirts and hats on this year’s promotional calendar: chest protector night, with free catcher’s gear for fans in the right-field pavilion at Dodger Stadium.

One unlucky fan could have used some body armor in the first inning Wednesday night when Shohei Ohtani sent a 118.1-mph laser into the right-center-field seats for his career-high 47th homer, the first of four long balls in the inning, setting the tone for an eventual 10-8 victory over the Chicago Cubs in Chavez Ravine.

“I feel sorry for the fan who tried to catch that,” third baseman Max Muncy said. “Every night, I feel like he does something we’ve never seen.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Tommy Edman had a huge night for the Dodgers, hitting a two-run homer to left field from the right side of the plate in the first inning and a two-run shot to right from the left side of the plate in the eighth, giving him four homers in a 24-hour span, but the switch-hitter was more impressed with Ohtani’s prowess than his own power.

DODGERS

Dodgers reliever Anthony Banda breaks pitching hand with angry punch
Sept. 10, 2024

“Each day he does something, and you’re like, ‘I’ve never seen that before,’ ” Edman said. “The day game on Sunday, he hit the ball [450 feet] off the [stadium club] in right field, and tonight’s homer was the lowest [launch angle] I think I’ve ever seen.

“He crushes the ball. To do that and steal as many bases as he does is pretty incredible.”

Ohtani’s homer sparked a five-run, six-hit first inning in which Edman, Will Smith and Muncy hit back-to-back-to-back homers, the second time this season the Dodgers have hit three straight home runs and four homers in an inning.

ADVERTISEMENT

Ohtani walked and stole his 48th base in the second, continuing his march toward baseball’s first 50-50 season, and he hit a two-out, two-run single to center field that left his bat at 111.6 mph for a 7-3 lead in the third.

“We all definitely know what’s going on,” Smith said of Ohtani’s 50-50 quest. “It’s fun to watch. It’s fun to get a chance to see it every night. … It’s pretty impressive what he’s doing individually, but he’s also helping us win games.”

Indeed, the Dodgers avoided a three-game sweep, pushed their National League West lead to five games over Arizona and 5½ over San Diego, and reduced their magic number to clinch the division title to 12 with 16 games to play.

ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani joins the 40-40 club with walk-off grand slam
Aug. 23, 2024

But they didn’t make it easy on themselves.

Right-hander Bobby Miller probably pitched his way out of a potential playoff rotation spot with his second straight shoddy start, giving up six runs and five hits — two of them homers — while walking four and striking out two in 4-1/3 innings to boost his earned-run average to 8.17 in 12 starts.

Miller, who was rocked for seven runs and three homers in a 10-1 loss to the Angels on Sept. 4, walked two and gave up an RBI single to Isaac Paredes and an RBI double to Michael Busch in the first.

He gave up a solo homer to Seiya Suzuki in the third and a three-run shot to Cody Bellinger that pulled the Cubs to within 7-6 in the fifth.

“He’s grinding,” manager Dave Roberts said. “He’s competing as much as he can, but he didn’t have a feel for the curveball. He didn’t strike it very often. They were taking good swings off the fastball. The changeup at times was good. Certainly, the walks weren’t helpful.”

Reliever Daniel Hudson replaced Miller in the fifth and walked two batters. An error by second baseman Chris Taylor on Nico Hoerner’s potential double-play grounder loaded the bases, and Pete Crow-Armstrong’s single tied the score 7-7.

The Dodgers took an 8-7 lead in the seventh when Smith hit a one-out double to right-center and took third on Muncy’s groundout. Miguel Rojas walked, and Gavin Lux, who entered as a pinch-hitter in the fifth, lined a clutch, two-out RBI single to center.

Teoscar Hernández, returning to the lineup, singled with two out in the eighth, and Edman’s second homer gave the Dodgers two huge insurance runs and a 10-7 lead.

Evan Phillips retired the side in order in the eighth, and Michael Kopech survived a harrowing ninth, walking the first three batters before getting Paredes to hit a sacrifice fly to right. The Cubs gifted the Dodgers an out when Suzuki was thrown out attempting to steal third, and Busch struck out to end the game.

DODGERS

Plaschke: Shohei Ohtani pitching out of bullpen in playoffs? Why not?
Sept. 12, 2024

“I saw a lot of fight,” Roberts said. “It’s been a while since I’ve felt the energy, the buzz in the dugout that we had in that first inning. We got off to a really good start, took a couple of punches, gave up a big inning and the lead and battled back.”

Ohtani also might be gaining the upper hand in a spirited battle with New York Mets shortstop Francisco Lindor for the NL most valuable player award.

Ohtani, the American League MVP in 2021 and 2023, has had the superior offensive season, with a .292 average, .992 on-base-plus-slugging percentage, 47 homers, 30 doubles, seven triples, 104 RBIs, 116 runs, 48 stolen bases in 52 attempts, 74 walks and 146 strikeouts in 143 games.

Lindor has a .268 average, .832 OPS, 31 homers, 28 doubles, one triple, 85 RBIs, 102 runs, 27 stolen bases in 31 attempts, 54 walks and 122 strikeouts in 146 games for a second-place Mets team.

But while Ohtani has been relegated to designated hitter while he recovers from Tommy John surgery, Lindor has played Gold Glove-caliber defense at a premium position, racking up an NL-leading 17 outs above average, according to Fangraphs.

DODGERS

Hernández: Forget all the injuries. The Dodgers are going to win the World Series. win the World Series
Sept. 11, 2024

Both players have kept their teams in playoff contention, but Ohtani, who hopes to join Frank Robinson as the only players to win MVPs in both leagues, could become the first major leaguer to hit 50 homers and steal 50 bases in a season.

“It’s a good debate,” Roberts said when asked about a DH winning the MVP over a position player.

“I sort of equate it to a pitcher winning the MVP. If you separate yourself enough from the field, I think it deserves some worthy consideration.

“And when you’re talking about someone who is close to doing something that’s never been done, a 50-50 season, for me, that’s separating yourself from the field.”

Ohtani and Lindor were ranked first and second in the NL in wins above replacement, Ohtani (7.4) holding an edge over Lindor (6.4) in Baseball Reference’s version of the all-encompassing metric, and Lindor (7.4) leading Ohtani (7.0) in the Fangraphs model.

“With all we’ve gone through, Shohei hitting leadoff and doing what he’s done has allowed us to stay above water,” Roberts said. “Him being able to take down 600 plate appearances and have an unprecedented season has been very valuable.”

More to Read
Plaschke: Most Valuable Ever! Shohei Ohtani wins MVP with best season in L.A. sports history
Nov. 21, 2024
Shohei Ohtani unanimously wins his third MVP award, and first with the Dodgers
Nov. 21, 2024
Hernández: How Shohei Ohtani drove himself to become a first-time World Series champion
Oct. 31, 2024
DODGERS
Newsletter

Are you a true-blue fan?

Get our Dodgers Dugout newsletter for insights, news and much more.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

Mike DiGiovanna
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Mike DiGiovanna has been covering Major League Baseball for the Los Angeles Times since 1995 and spent 19 years as the Angels beat writer and two seasons on the Dodgers. He won Associated Press Sports Editors awards for game-story writing in 2001, feature-story writing in 2017 and breaking news in 2019. A native of East Lyme, Conn., and a graduate of Cal State Fullerton, he began writing for The Times in 1981.


More From the Los Angeles Times

DODGERS

Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts in World Series banned from MLB games
Jan. 10, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Diego Cartaya, face potential arbitration hearing with Alex Vesia
Jan. 9, 2025

DODGERS

Analysis: With Gavin Lux gone, how Dodgers might deploy more versatile lineup in 2025
Jan. 7, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Cincinnati Reds in wake of Hyeseong Kim signing
Jan. 6, 2025
Most Read in Dodgers

DODGERS

Plaschke: From Fred-die to Decoy, Dodgers owned every top-10 moment in 2024 L.A. sports
Dec. 31, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Fire victims compete to find new homes as real estate market rages in Pacific Palisades, Altadena
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
First, they lost their home insurance. Then, L.A. fires consumed their homes
The architecturally significant houses destroyed in L.A.’s fires
Latest Dodgers
Dodgers sign Hyeseong Kim, finalize Teoscar Hernández return as roster takes shape
Jan. 3, 2025
Dodgers’ meeting with Roki Sasaki didn’t include in-person pitches from Ohtani or Yamamoto
Dec. 30, 2024
Analysis: How will Dodgers reward Dave Roberts? Will they land Roki Sasaki?
Dec. 31, 2024
Shohei Ohtani and his wife announce they are expecting their first child
Dec. 28, 2024
Shaikin: By re-signing Teoscar Hernández, Dodgers raise the financial stakes even higher
Dec. 28, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/dodgers/story/2024-09-11/dodgers-cubs-wednesday 
 ----- 
