Menu
Articles
Entertainment

Cloudwards.net may earn a small commission from some purchases made through our site. However, any earnings do not affect how we review services. Learn more about our editorial integrity and research process.

Why you can trust us

407
Cloud Software Products and Services Tested
3056
Annual Software Speed Tests
2400
plus Hours Usability Testing

Our team of experts thoroughly test each service, evaluating it for features, usability, security, value for money and more. Learn more about how we conduct our testing.

Table of Contents

Best VPN Deals for December

9.2

save 73%
Get deal
9.1

save 87%
Get deal
8.9

save 48%
Get deal
How & Where to Watch UEFA Nations League for Free in 2024 (Sep 5)

The biennial international football competition, the Nations League, starts Sept. 5. While the tournament will be shown in many countries globally, not all options are free. This guide shows how and where to watch UEFA Nations League matches for free, as well as a complete schedule.

Written by Sandra Pattison (Writer, Editor)

Reviewed by Brett Day (Writer, Editor)

Last Updated: 05 Sep'24

All our content is written fully by humans; we do not publish AI writing. Learn more here.

Key Takeaways: How & Where to Watch UEFA Nations League
Sign up for a VPN service, such as ExpressVPN.
Connect to a server in a country that has the Nations League, such as the U.K. or Belgium.
Access the service you want, such as ITVX or RTBF.

What to Know About UEFA Nations League 2024-2025

Tournament Dates: The Nations League starts Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, and concludes Sunday, June 8, 2025.
Stream for Free: There are plenty of free streaming options available for the Nations League, including ITVX (U.K.), RTBF (Belgium) and NOS (Netherlands). However, you can’t watch every game for free on one platform, you’ll need to move around.
Bypass Geoblocks: Use a reliable VPN to get around any regional blocks you encounter, such as ExpressVPN.

Best VPN for Streaming UEGA Nations League
www.expressvpn.com
$6.66 / month
(save 48%) (All Plans)
Visit ExpressVPN
Review

The senior men’s national teams are back this September for the UEFA Nations League. The biennial competition starts Sept. 5, 2024, with the finals taking place in June 2025. If you want in on the action, this guide shares how and where to watch UEFA Nations League matches for free from anywhere in the world.

There are free channel options in many different regions that show select games, as well as paid platforms where you can watch the entire competition. However, if you’re not in the same country as the service you select, you’ll be blocked from accessing it.

This is where a VPN (virtual private network) comes in handy. You can simply connect to a server in that country and spoof your way in. Only one of the best VPNs is capable of being this sneaky, though, and our top recommendation is ExpressVPN.

Show all
Meet the experts

Sandra Pattison (Writer, Editor)

 

Sandra Pattison, a seasoned writer and editor at Cloudwards for over five years, specializes in VPNs, streaming services and children’s online security. Her journey in the tech world, starting with Cloudwards, has seen her contribute to several well-known tech publications while leveraging her personal experience as a parent to better understand the world of online safety. Outside of work, her interests range from photography to enjoying movies and playing The Sims.

More about Sandra Pattison

Brett Day (Writer, Editor)

 

Brett Day is an experienced writer and editor at Cloudwards, specializing in project management. With over 14 years in retail management for top-tier companies like CVS, Old Navy, and Kohl’s, he brings a diverse and enriched background to his writing. Brett has also owned a photography business for six years, and his written work has been featured on renowned platforms such as Yahoo, GotGame, and The Phoblographer. Brett also holds a Six Sigma White Belt certification. Outside of his professional pursuits, he’s an avid gamer, passionate hiker and enthusiastic photographer.

More about Brett Day

Learn more about our editorial team and our research process.

When Does the UEFA Nations League Start & Finish? 

The entire Nations League international soccer competition starts Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, and finishes Sunday, June 8, 2025. The League Phase begins Sept. 5 and ends Nov. 19. Then the finals take place June 4-8, 2025. 

Where to Watch UEFA Nations League for Free 

There are quite a few options for watching the Nations League for free, however, each of those options either focuses on the relevant country’s national team or only shows select games. Free options include but are not limited to, ITVX in the U.K., NOS in the Netherlands, RTBF in Belgium and ORF in Austria. You can see all streaming options in the next sections.

Where Is UEFA Nations League Streaming Live?

This section shows where to watch UEFA Nations League online. As we mentioned above, you can’t watch all of the Nations League games for free in one place. That means you’ll need to hop around different services on different country VPN servers to access matches for free.

That said, if you prefer less hassle, there are paid options that will show every game. We’ve listed all the available options outside the U.S. in the table below. 

Streaming on:	Country	Free?	Notes
ITVX	🇬🇧 U.K.		All England team games
RTBF	🇧🇪 Belgium		Select games
RaiPlay	🇮🇹 Italy		Select games
ORF	🇦🇹 Austria		Select games
RTL	🇩🇪 Germany		Half of German team games
ARD & ZDF	🇩🇪 Germany		Split coverage of remaining German team games
RTVE	🇪🇸 Spain		Select games
NOS	🇳🇱 Netherland		Dutch team Games & finals
L’Equipe	🇫🇷 France		Top fixtures (not including France)
Ziggo Sports	🇳🇱 Netherland		Dutch team games & free finals

Full access costs €6 per month (almost $7 per month)
Optus Sport	🇦🇺 Australia	From $24.99 AU (about $17 USD) per month	All games
DAZN	🇩🇪 Germany
🇪🇸 Spain
🇵🇹 Portugal
🇧🇪 Belgium
🇨🇦 Canada
🇯🇵 Japan
🇮🇹 Italy		All games
Premier Sports	🇬🇧 U.K.	From £10.99 (less than $15) per month	All games
How to Stream UEFA Nations League in the USA? 

Fox has the rights to the Nations League in the U.S. and coverage will be across the Fox, FS1, FS2 and Fox Soccer Plus channels. That means you’ll need a live TV subscription that includes Fox if you don’t have cable. We’ve listed the best options for streaming the UEFA Nations League on Fox in the U.S. below.

Fubo: (free seven-day trial) — Fox, FS1, FS2, Fox Soccer Plus
YouTube TV: (free trial, duration varies) — Fox, FS1, FS2. Fox Soccer Plus via the Sports Plus add-on
Hulu + Live TV: (free three-day trial) — Fox, FS1, FS2
DirecTV Stream: (free five-day trial) — Fox, FS1, FS2
What TV Channel Is UEFA Nations League On? 

The UEFA Nations League will be on the Fox and Fox Sports channels in the U.S. and various channels outside the U.S. This includes free channels that can be streamed online, such as ITVX (U.K.), ORF (Austria), RaiPlay (Italy) and RTBF (Belgium). 

You can use a VPN if you’re not in the relevant country, however, you can’t watch the entire competition on these free channels.The Nations League is also available on ESPN in certain South American and Caribbean countries.

How to Watch UEFA Nations League for Free Online With a VPN

In this section, we’ll show you how to access Nations League matches for free on ITVX from the U.S. or anywhere else. You can use similar steps to access any other free streaming option we’ve mentioned further up, such as RTBF in Belgium or NOS in the Netherlands. 

You can also use the steps below if you want to access a paid service in another country, just bear in mind that you might need a country-specific payment method.

Sign Up for a VPN

Subscribe to a VPN service, such as ExpressVPN. It comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee in case it’s not for you.

Install the VPN

Download and install the VPN on the device you want to stream the tournament on. After that, launch the app and log in to your account.

Connect to a U.K. Server

Use ExpressVPN’s server list, which can be opened by clicking on the current country, to find a server in the U.K. When you’ve found one, click on the server to connect.

Create a Free ITVX Account

Go to the ITVX website and create a free account. All you need is a valid email address (used to verify yourself) and a random U.K. postcode, which can be found via a Google search.

Stream Nations League Games for Free

Search for the Nations League on ITVX and click on the match to start streaming. Remember, only the England national team games will be streamed on ITVX, but you can choose another service for other matches.

The Best VPNs to Live Stream UEFA Nations League Online

When you’re streaming sports, the last thing you want is a buffering wheel at crucial moments or a poor resolution. To avoid this, choose a VPN with fast speeds. You also need to pick one that has servers in the countries of the platforms you want to access and that can easily unblock the services. 

The VPN recommendations below include all of this and more. You just need to choose which one suits you best.

ExpressVPN — A Fast VPN that can unblock any streaming service. It has servers in more than 100 countries, meaning you can access most, if not all, Nations League channels. It’s a little pricey, but worth it, and there’s a 30-day money-back guarantee. Read our ExpressVPN review for more information.
NordVPN — Has the fastest average speeds, a large server network and can easily unblock streaming services. The mobile app is a little cramped, but it has affordable long-term plans and a 30-day money-back guarantee. Read our NordVPN review for more details.
Privado VPN — A free but limited VPN. You get access to servers in 10 countries, including the U.K., Netherlands, Germany and the U.S. It can access streaming platforms and has decent speeds, but you’re limited to 10GB of data per month. Read our PrivadoVPN review to learn more.
Nations League 2024-2025: League Groups

Below, you’ll find lists of each league and their groups. 

League A:

Group A1: Croatia, Portugal, Poland and Scotland
Group A2: Italy, Belgium, France and Israel
Group A3: Netherlands, Hungary, Germany and Bosnia and Herzegovina
Group A4: Spain, Denmark, Switzerland and Serbia

League B:

Group B1: Czechia, Ukraine, Albania and Georgia
Group B2: England, Finland, Ireland and Greece
Group B3: Austria, Norway, Slovenia and Kazakhstan
Group B4: Wales, Iceland, Montenegro and Turkey

League C:

Group C1: Sweden, Azerbaijan, Slovakia and Estonia.
Group C2: Romania, Kosovo, Cyprus and Lithuania
Group C3: Luxembourg, Bulgaria, Northern Ireland and Belarus
Group C4: Armenia, Faroe Islands, North Macedonia and Latvia

League D:

Group D1: Gibraltar, San Marino and Liechtenstein
Group D2: Moldova, Malta and Andorra
Nations League 2024-2025 Season Key Dates

Here are the key dates for each part of the Nations League.

Matchday 1 — Sept. 5-7 2024
Matchday 2 — Sept. 8-10 2024
Matchday 3 — October 10-12 2024
Matchday 4 — October 13-15 2024
Matchday 5 — November 14-16 2024
Matchday 6 — November 17-19 2024
Knockout round play-off draw — November 2024
Knockout round play-offs — March 20-25 2025
League A quarterfinals — March 20-25 2025
Finals — June 4-8 2025
UEFA Nations League 2024-2025: League Phase Schedule

Here’s the complete league phase schedule and results. The group winners will determine the next schedule. 

All times below are in Eastern Time.

Matchday 1: Sept. 5-7
Matchday 2: Sept. 8-10
Matchday 3: Oct. 10-12
Matchday 4: Oct. 13-15
Matchday 5: Nov. 14-16
Matchday 6: Nov. 17-19
Final Thoughts

You now know how to watch UEFA Nations League matches for free and have a schedule to ensure you don’t miss a game. Nations Leagues coverage that’s available to you will depend on your location, but a VPN can help you access it on other services globally. ExpressVPN is the best for the job, and its 30-day money-back guarantee means you can try it without risk.

Spain won the 2022-2023 Nations League, but who do you think will win the 2024-2025 season? Where will you watch the Nations League? Will you use a VPN to watch it? If so, which VPN do you like? Are you a fan of the Premier League too? Let us know in the comments and, as always, thank you for reading.

FAQ: Where to Watch UEFA Nations League
How To Watch UEFA for Free?
Where Can I Watch the UEFA Nations League in the USA?
Are Any of the UEFA Nations Leagues on TV?
Where to Watch the UEFA Women’s Nation League?
Was this post helpful?
Let us know if you liked the post. That’s the only way we can improve.
Yes No

Stay Smart, Stay Secure

Get Free Tips on Cloud Tech, Security & Project Management Delivered to Your Inbox.
Name
Email Name
Email Email Email
Email
Subscribe
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published.
Comment
Name
Email
Website (optional)

Also interesting

Where & How to Watch US Open in Tennis in 2024: Watch Featured Groups Live From Anywhere

Where to Watch UEFA Euro Cup 2024: Live Stream for Free With a VPN [How to Guide]

How & Where to Watch Europa League (UEFA) Games From Anywhere

How & Where to Watch UEFA Champions League in USA & Worldwide

Don’t Miss Out – Join Thousands Who Trust Cloudwards!

Name Name Name
Email Name
Name
Email
Subscribe
No spam, just quality content. Your inbox is safe with us.
Editorial Integrity
Human Writing
Objective Testing
Research Process
Our Company
About us
Careers
Get in touch
Customer Support
Contact us
Complaints & Returns
Lumoslinx, LLC
1846 E. Innovation Park Dr.
STE 100, Oro Valley, AZ 85755

+1 (520) 535-0004
info@cloudwards.net
refunds@cloudwards.net

Cloudwards.net may earn a small commission from some purchases made through our site. However, any earnings do not affect how we review services. We test each product thoroughly and give high marks to only the very best. We are independently owned and the opinions expressed here are our own.

Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Disclaimer Notice

© 2007-2024 Cloudwards.net

↑ Top
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cloudwards.net/where-to-watch-uefa-nations-league/ 
 ----- 
