Skip to content
HOME
ABOUT “OUTSIDE CRICKET”
 
CONTACT US
 
FOLLOW US
 
THE 2019 BEING OUTSIDE CRICKET POWER CUT LIST
 
THE ALL NEW BOC GLOSSARY.
 
THE ‘ORIGINAL’ OUTSIDE CRICKET(ER) LIST
SEARCH
BEING OUTSIDE CRICKET
THE HOME OF BILIOUS INADEQUATES, VILE IGNORAMUSES AND SOCIAL MEDIA ZEALOTS
Is The Hundred A Success?
Feb 20, 2024dannycricket

“By any measure, The Hundred has been a huge success” – Glamorgan CCC chair Mark Rhydderch-Roberts

“The reality is The Hundred has been a huge success both from a ticketing and TV perspective. It is also an extremely important revenue stream for the game of cricket, generating roughly 25% of the ECB’s revenue which funds the broader game of cricket, and helps maintain a viable 18 county ecosystem.” – Surrey CCC chair Oli Slipper

“The Hundred has gone well: the obvious reason is the success [of Southern Brave] on the pitch, but I would also point to the public, families, and new watchers of cricket coming in, which has been very strong.” – Hampshire CCC chair Nick Pike

“The third year of the Hundred brought good attendance figures, better matches in the men’s competition and decent viewing figures. The concentration of talent into eight teams, instead of 18, drives up standards, and from a standing start it was clear on Sunday that the teams have built a fan base in just three years. It is a success story.” – Nick Hoult, Telegraph correspondent

There appears to be a growing consensus, at least by people within the cricket establishment, that The Hundred is a ‘success’. But by which measures, and who for, are questions without clear answers.

Being Profitable

When the ECB first proposed a new T20 competition to the counties in 2016, the main objective was simple: Making money. The IPL currently earns about ten times as much from TV rights than India internationals, and the same thing might be possible in England. This would finance English cricket (and the cash-strapped counties who had to vote in favour of the project) for generations to come. A report by Deloitte suggested that an IPL-style competition might initially make an annual profit of £31.9m, with the obvious potential to far exceed that if it caught on like the IPL has in India. A foolproof business case.

Unfortunately for Deloitte (and the counties), they had not reckoned on the calibre of fools available at the ECB.

The original proposal was for the new (and presumed to be T20 format at the time) competition to follow a low cost, high return model. Annual costs were expected to be £13m, with roughly half of that spent on players’ wages and the rest being almost the minimum necessary to coach, host and produce a televised sports event. A lean, simple approach to creating a new sports league.

What almost inevitably followed was an all-encompassing form of mission creep, where the new competition would not only have to make money but also directly address every other issue English cricket faces. The ECB missed out on the chance to trademark and license the T20 format when they introduced it at the professional level, so a new format had to be created. The average attendee at English cricket matches is aging, so lavish in-ground entertainment will be provided in the form of fireworks and live music to attract a younger crowd. Ticket-buyers at cricket matches also tend to be wealthy, so entry to The Hundred was to be heavily discounted. Participation is declining, so The Hundred would be partnered with a youth club cricket scheme to boost the numbers of kids playing the game. Women’s cricket was suffering from a chronic lack of investment over decades, and so the Kia Super League would be partially integrated with the men’s competition. Former marketing executive Tom Harrison wanted more information about cricket fans in order to better tailor their product and advertising, and so a bespoke app was designed to gather as much of their personal data as possible.

Each of these additions came with a cost, in terms of both money and increased complexity. The expenses more than tripled from the original projections, which in turn reduced the potential profits considerably. Even with all of these add-ons, the ECB has declared that The Hundred has made an annual profit in each of its three years so far; £10m in both 2021 and 2022, £15m in 2023. These figures have been widely questioned though.

The most thorough external examination of The Hundred’s claimed profits came from a review conducted by Worcestershire chair and chartered accountant Fanos Hira. After looking at the ECB’s actual account books, he determined that additional costs which were not publicly declared by the ECB (such as core ECB staff members working on The Hundred) meant that the competition actually made a loss of £9m in its first two years. Given that the ECB declared a £20m profit in this period, this would imply The Hundred has £14.5m of added annual expenses which must be considered.

Everything up until now has been purely about running costs, the losses made since The Hundred actually began in 2021. They don’t factor in the tens of millions of pounds spent in the years before 2020 which led to The Hundred taking its current form. Marketing and design consultants creating the team names, the team colours, the on screen graphics, the custom fonts, or the surveys and market research carefully crafted to give the answers which the ECB executives wanted.

Nor do they include the £24.7m ‘dividend’ payments to the counties and the MCC. To be clear, these amounts were not included in the initially projected £31.9m profits either but would at least have been covered by the money earned by the new competition. Instead, most if not all of these ‘dividends’ are being paid from the ECB’s central funds which primarily come from Test cricket’s Sky TV deal.

All of which brings us to the elephant in the room when it comes to The Hundred: It only works if someone else is paying the bills. The ECB might rent the eight largest cricket grounds in the country for a month, but it’s Test cricket that’s still footing the bill for their continuing existence. Owning a 15,000-30,000 capacity stadium isn’t cheap with maintenance, electricity, refurbishment and staff needed to keep it open, and the hosting fees from The Hundred will barely make a dent in that.

The players are also only paid for one month out of the year, with their counties footing the bill for the other eleven. Not to mention the decade or more of training the counties have to pay for, so that those cricketers progress through junior pathways, second XIs and finally the first team to the point where they are worthy of inclusion in a Hundred squad. Test cricket essentially funds all of the costs related to a player (secure long term contracts, training, medical fees, etc) through the central payment counties receive from the ECB.

It is a wonderful business model if you are able to persuade other people pay all of the costs necessary for your investment to grow. The question the ECB needs to answer is whether that is sustainable in the long term.

One possible explanation for the ECB’s profligate spending might be the incentives on offer to those who were in charge of delivering The Hundred. Tom Harrison and several other executives controversially received a £2.1m bonus between them, ostensibly for achieving several targets within the sport. It seems likely that some of these benchmarks related to the new competition which became The Hundred. If a cutthroat executive is told that they will be paid a bonus based on attendance rather than profits, surely all of them would sacrifice the latter to boost attendance even one iota?

Being Valuable

It has been reported that offers have already made to buy The Hundred. Bridgepoint Group apparently bid £400m for a 75% stake in the competition in 2022, which would place its total value around £530m. ECB chair Richard Thompson responded by suggesting that he would only consider selling everything for a figure in the region of “quite a few billion” pounds. More recently, the idea has been mooted that the host counties would receive stakes in their Hundred team which they could sell to private investors.

One thing which must be acknowledged is that even considering the sale of teams or the competition as a whole means that Plan A has failed. The Hundred was supposed to be very profitable from Year 1, with the ability to grow from there to near-IPL revenue. You don’t sell a goose which is laying golden eggs.

The first response I have seen from most cricket fans to this news is bewilderment. If The Hundred is losing money every year, why would anyone else want to own it? There are three fairly solid reasons why: Profit, speculation and power.

For all of the issues listed in the previous section, it would be very simple for someone to come in and make a profit with The Hundred. There are so many absolutely unneccesary expenses which could be cut with almost no difference to the final product. There’s genuinely as much money being spent on fireworks at a group game as there is at some towns’ November 5th fireworks displays. The marketing budget for each team is ridiculously high, and could be reduced by about 90% whilst still being higher than a county’s T20 Blast spending. Developing a bespoke app for ticketing or a non-monetised fantasy game adds no financial value and could be replaced with cheaper alternatives. Last, and perhaps most importantly, there would presumably be no more £24.7m ‘dividend’ payment to the 18 counties and the MCC because they would no longer be ‘shareholders’ in the competition.

The analogy I would use to explain this is a shop in a great location and with a strong fundamental business model which has the misfortune of being run by absolute idiots. A smart investor will look at this shop and think “I’m not an absolute idiot. I could buy this place cheaply, fix its main issues within a week and turn it into a goldmine.”

At the same time, it is no secret that several counties (*cough*Middlesex*cough*) and perhaps the ECB themselves are desperate for more money, which is rarely conducive to wise decision making or holding out for something’s full worth. On a very basic level, I don’t trust anyone in English cricket not to screw themselves over when dealing with successful business leaders and highly competent lawyers.

Potential investors might also believe that The Hundred as a whole will increase in value over time, and seek to make profit on their purchase by selling it at a later date. This is speculating. It could be short term investment where they attempt to make it profitable as quickly as possible, and then sell it on. Alternatively, they could hold onto their stake for longer and collect the annual income whilst hoping that its value increases over time.

It seems likely that the process of private investment in The Hundred will be slow and gradual, with investors perhaps purchasing a minority stake in a team to start with, which brings us to the third benefit for investors: Power.

Right now, the ECB and counties have total control of The Hundred. They can add and remove teams, rename them, change the schedule or format, even scrap the whole thing if they wanted. The moment an outside investor becomes involved, every one of these things becomes significantly more difficult. Wealthy people don’t just hand over large sums of money without contracts and safeguards in place to protect their investments, which will ultimately mean any changes to the competition going forward would need to be negotiated with shareholders who only care about making more money for themselves.

Becoming the ECB’s partner in The Hundred could aid investors in broader ways too. The ECB has proven to be a very forthright supporter of Sky in all respects, and if IPL team owners were to co-own most of The Hundred’s teams then the ECB would probably be more amenable to (for example) supporting IPL-friendly measures at ICC meetings. An Indian billionaire might look at the possibility of extending the IPL (and its international window) to four months and consider that a £20m investment in London Spirit is worth it if it makes it more likely they can make more profit with their main team.

Creating A New TV Audience

There is an argument that everything mentioned so far is largely unimportant. Who cares if The Hundred is costing English cricket a bit of money if it’s drawing in new fans? Or, as the ECB probably calls them, customers.

The primary means The Hundred’s using to achieve this bold aim is airing up to 18 matches on free to air TV (currently BBC Two) every year. This is after a void of fifteen summers without regularly scheduled, live English cricket available to the majority of the viewing public (The number of caveats in that last sentence is because there were still England highlights, several seasons of the IPL and occasional single matches such as the 2019 World Cup final on FTA TV). Over fifty hours of exciting T20 cricket, much of which is in prime timeslots, will surely build a new generation of cricket fans!

It has not worked. This is not so say that The Hundred has not attracted any new people to the sport at all, but not in any great number. Certainly not in sufficient quantities to justify also losing millions of pounds every year.

TV figures are quite obscure in this country, which usually makes talking about ratings difficult due to a lack of information. Fortunately, The Hundred is one of the most popular women’s sports competitions in the UK (a topic which will be covered later) which means that it features prominently in the Women’s Sports Trust‘s annual reports. These reports in 2021, 2022 and 2023 include detailed breakdowns of how many people watched both the men’s and women’s Hundred in each year, which allows us to see how the competitions are faring.

In terms of the total number of people watching any part of The Hundred (known as the ‘reach’ of a programme), it has declined year on year. In 2021, the total number of people who watched was 16.0 million, which has fallen to 12.1 million by 2023.

This is a 24.4% decline from the first year. Essentially, people gave it a chance when it launched but did not come back to it afterwards. This year’s Women’s Trust report also includes the average viewing figures (the mean number of people watching a programme at any given point in time) for both Sky-exclusive matches and the 18 which are shown on BBC 2.

Average viewing figures	2021	2023	% Change
Men’s BBC/Sky Games	1,021,000	771,000	-24.49%
Women’s BBC/Sky Games	628,000	428,000	-31.85%
Men’s Sky Exclusive	431,000	275,000	-36.19%
Women’s Sky Exclusive	127,000	134,000	+5.51%

From these numbers, we can infer that average BBC-only viewing figures in 2023 were roughly 500,000 for men’s matches and 300,000 for women’s (by subtracting the Sky-exclusive totals from the simulcast games). This presents a significant problem for the ECB, because these are almost certainly below what the BBC would have been hoping for.

The men’s Hundred occupies prime timeslots on weekday evenings and weekend afternoons, which brings with it certain expectations. Only Connect typically attracts well over two million viewers a night on BBC 2, for example. Not only are the BBC paying the ECB for permission to show The Hundred, but it will be very expensive for them to produce relative to a studio quiz show or a reality/documentary show like Fake Or Fortune? or Bargain Hunt. I expect even repeats of these popular shows would attract more viewers on BBC 2 than The Hundred, at a fraction of the cost to the BBC.

In short: The Hundred is very poor value for money for them.

Sky were obviously quite happy with the first year’s ratings, which is why they extended their TV deal before the 2022 Hundred even began for a further four years to 2028 (It is not clear whether they anticipated a 36% drop in average men’s match viewers, so it is possible they feel differently now). It is noticeable that the BBC has not renewed their own TV deal yet as we enter its last year. To put that silence into context, the current free-to-air TV deal was announced over two years before it was due to begin. It seems likely that the BBC are not interested in bidding for live cricket again. Not only that, but other broadcasters might look at these ratings and make the same decision. Almost the whole point of The Hundred is to attract new fans to the sport through exposure to as many people as possible, and it’s not inconceivable that it won’t even be on terrestrial TV at all next year.

The Hundred follows the typical scheduling format of T20 competitions, which means prioritising and maximising the TV audience. No overlapping men’s matches, at least one of which is played every day, and all during the prime TV viewing hours. This compares to the T20 Blast which uses the more typical UK sports model, aiming to maximise attendance through matches being largely scheduled on weekends and Friday nights. It is therefore interesting to note that the T20 Blast’s group stages attracted an average TV audience of 187,000 in 2021 compared to the men’s Hundred 275,000 (for Sky-exclusive matches) in 2023. Obviously The men’s Hundred still attracts 50% more viewers on average, but it is also costing Sky significantly more than 50% extra in terms of rights, marketing and production costs.

But all of this isn’t even really the worst part. You may remember that a lot was made during The Hundred’s launch about how it would appeal to a younger demographic, to “mums and kids”, which would help secure the long term future of the sport. This is why The Hundred uses garish colours, bold designs, hosts pop acts during the break and otherwise does everything a middle-aged marketing executive can do to scream “This is for you, kids!”.

Even in this small, limited objective it has not worked. Of everyone who watched The Hundred (either men’s or women’s) in 2023, 7.2% were aged under 16 and another 15.2% were aged between 16 and 34. Or, to put it another way, 77.5% of the people who saw last season’s competition on TV were 35 and over. To put that figure in context, 49.3% of the UK population is aged 39 or less. It’s not just that average viewing figures have declined, but they aren’t even the viewers that the ECB wanted.

Attracting New Fans To The Grounds

One objective of The Hundred was to bring a new audience to English cricket grounds, with England and county cricket fans being generalised as “pale, stale and male“. The Hundred has had some limited success in this objective. The number of tickets ‘sold and issued’ increased from 510,000 in 2021 to 580,000 in 2023, but at a great cost. Literally.

The typical ticket revenue for a season in The Hundred is in the area of £6-7 million, in large part because tickets are being priced very cheaply to expand the range of people who can afford them, but the annual budget for local advertising, entertainment (pop acts, DJs, etc) and fireworks is over £12 million. This means that the tickets are effectively being sold at a loss.

From the fan’s perspective, getting to watch two games for less than half the price of a T20 Blast ticket is exceptional value. How many fans of white ball cricket would honestly turn that down?

When a retailer offers a product at a loss (called a ‘loss leader‘), the intention is typically to bring new customers in who you will then persuade to buy more things and in this way make your money back (and more). An example of this is when UK supermarkets reduced the price of baked beans tins to as little as 3p in the 1990s.

Unfortunately, there hasn’t been any obvious indication of benefits being felt elsewhere in terms of ticket sales. The T20 Blast has seen a large drop in attendance since The Hundred began, from 920,000 in 2019 to 800,000 in both 2022 and 2023. The Charlotte Edwards Cup also had very low crowd numbers compared to The Hundred, despite sharing the majority of the players with the women’s Hundred teams.

One obstacle that The Hundred faces in acting as a conduit to other cricket competitions is its placement in the schedule. The T20 Blast and Charlotte Edwards Cup both largely take place in June whilst The Hundred is in August. This means that even in a scenario where a new cricket fan enjoys a match in The Hundred and might be interested in broadening their horizons, they face a 10 month wait until the next professional T20 matches in this country.

The other obstacle would be the absolute and total lack of effort on the part of the ECB. I have followed @TheHundred on Twitter since it launched, and also signed up to The Hundred’s mailing list in 2020. Neither one has mentioned the T20 Blast once in that time. For a competition meant to rescue county cricket, this seems like an oversight.

It could also be a mistake to blindly assume a large proportion of people attending are ‘new’, rather than pre-existing attendees. County members have access to exclusive pre-sales and bargain prices for The Hundred, as well as some counties including The Hundred in county membership packages. According to Surrey CCC’s latest annual report, an average of 3,732 members attended T20 Blast games in 2022 compared to an average of 3,115 Surrey members at each Oval Invincibles home game. The drop in Blast attendances might also indicate that some people who had been attending county matches have switched to The Hundred instead.

Growing Women’s Cricket

The women’s Hundred is, by almost every metric, a success.

The total attendance in each of the three seasons (reaching 310,751 in 2023) of the women’s Hundred are the highest competition attendances in women’s cricket. Higher than any ICC World Cup, higher than the WBBL, higher even than the debut season of the Women’s Premier League. In terms of total viewing hours, it was the most-watched women’s competition on Sky Sports in 2023 beating the Women’s Super League, the Solheim Cup and the T20 World Cup. It is widely regarded as one of the top 3 women’s T20 competitions in the world, being able to attract overseas players of the highest calibre.

Any success the women’s Hundred has garnered is almost entirely thanks to COVID-19. Looking at the planned schedule for 2020, the women’s Hundred is clearly considered a lesser competition in every respect. It features 4 fewer group matches than the men, because the men’s teams played against their local ‘rivals’ home and away but the women’s teams didn’t. Of those 28 women’s group games, only 9 would have been at the team’s home venues (each team hosting once, except for 2 at Old Trafford) whilst 4 would have been at amateur club and school grounds. 12 of the group games overlapped with each other and only 9 didn’t overlap with a men’s match (either in The Hundred or the Test series occurring at the same time). The women’s final was due to take place at Hove on a Friday night, rather than at Lord’s.

Sky would not have been able to broadcast the majority of women’s matches, and some may not even have had streaming or radio commentary available. 310,751 people wouldn’t have been able to watch the women’s games because the grounds they were due to play in couldn’t even hold that many. Welsh Fire were due to only play a single match in Wales.

In short, the women’s Hundred was initially designed by the ECB not to maximise exposure but to minimise costs.

When the ECB was organising the 2021 competition, they implemented protocols which meant that COVID-19 testing was required at every venue. It was not practical to manage this at multiple grounds simultaneously, as the originally planned schedule would have needed, and so they decided to make every game (bar the two openers) a men’s/women’s doubleheader. When people saw women’s cricket, both in person and on TV, they enjoyed it (or at least as much as they did the men’s games) and the women’s Hundred exploded onto the scene.

Unfortunately, this early success has not resulted in the ECB treating the women’s competition with as much respect and importance as the men’s. The Hundred in 2022 was scheduled at the same time as a women’s international T20 competition, something which would never have happened with the men, which meant the women’s Hundred started later and had 8 fewer matches than the men’s that year. On the other hand, at least there was one women’s game in the evening because neither of the following seasons did.

The scheduling of women’s matches is very important because the status quo perpetuates the narrative that the women’s competition is significantly less popular or less marketable than the men’s. There have been precisely two women’s matches which have not been used as the support act to the men: The 2021 and 2022 women’s openers. The 2021 opening games saw a peak TV viewership of 2m for the women’s match and 2.5m for the men’s. In 2022, the first men’s game had an average of 520,000 BBC viewers compared to 510,000 for the women’s.

Other than these two matches, almost every other women’s game is in a time slot which compromises people’s ability to watch it either live or on the television. In 2023: 20 women’s matches were during working hours on a week day, 6 matches were at the same time as a men’s game and shunted to a secondary Sky channel, and another 6 matches began on a weekend morning. Only the women’s ‘eliminator’ (semi final) and final did not face any of these three significant obstacles to building an audience. By contrast, only 2 men’s group matches were played during working hours.

The women’s games also don’t receive much benefit from the extensive and expensive entertainment at The Hundred matches. The fireworks and live music, costing on average £200,000 per game, all largely take place after their match is finished. If someone who wasn’t already a cricket fan wanted to go to a game purely for a band and a fireworks display, which is the whole point of having them there in the first place, they could skip the women’s match and barely miss a thing.

There is virtually no cross promotion from The Hundred for the women’s regional teams, despite them sharing virtually identical rosters. Whilst this is also true of the men’s teams, it is far more impactful with the women’s. Men’s county cricket already has its own fanbase, built over a century or more. The women’s regional teams literally didn’t exist four years ago. Nor do the Charlotte Edwards Cup or Rachael Heyhoe Flint Trophy have official social media accounts run by the ECB. The Hundred’s social media accounts are by far the most popular domestic women’s cricket accounts in this country and yet are almost entirely silent 11 months of the year. It is a waste.

The ECB’s undervaluing of the women’s Hundred occurs in the financial sense too. In 2023, the women’s competition was responsible for approximately 39% of the overall attendance and 33% of the overall Sky TV audience for The Hundred. This alone would account for over £14m of revenue, even before you begin to consider the high prominence of women cricketers in terms of sponsorship. According to the ECB, the entireity of women’s cricket in this country earns £10-11m per year. There is no possible way that could be true, unless the ECB believes that a viewer or attendee of a women’s cricket match to be worth less monetarily than one of a men’s match.

Nor is the women’s Hundred seemingly being considered by the ECB when it comes to discussions about the competition’s future. When the proposal regarding the sale of The Hundred franchises (which consist of both men’s and women’s teams) to private investors was mooted, it is stated that only men’s professional cricket which will receive the proceeds. There is also no mention of whether team owners will be under any obligation to promote their women’s teams at all. When the idea of expanding The Hundred to 10 teams was floated, the question about where the extra women cricketers will come from when there are only 8 professional domestic teams for the competition to draw from was clearly a secondary concern. The women’s Hundred appears not to be a factor in the debate at all within the ECB.

There is one thing people seem to value about the women’s Hundred though: It acts as excellent political cover. To question or criticise any aspect of The Hundred is to oppose the growth of women’s cricket, at least in the minds of some. There are undoubtedly some dinosaurs who loathe women’s sports on principle, but being able to paint everyone who thinks The Hundred has issues as being one of them is a handy tool in any debate on the subject. A real bargain, considering they are paying women 2.85x less than the men in the tournament.

Increasing Junior Participation

One of the many issues that The Hundred was supposed to address was the lack of kids playing at their local clubs, which were having to close through a lack of interest. The main vehicles for the competition to achieves its aims were All Stars and Dynamos cricket. All Stars is an 8-week programme designed for 5-8 year olds launched in 2017, and Dynamos is a follow-on scheme for 8-11 year olds was launched in 2020 and specifically tied in to The Hundred.

There is very little promotion of All Stars and Dynamos Cricket within the coverage of the tournament although, as with attendance, the competition’s position in the cricket calendar does not help with it taking place after the junior cricket season has effectively ended. All Stars and Dynamos programmes typically begin in May, nine months after The Hundred is on television. However, there also seems to be no advertising of either scheme from The Hundred’s social media or mailing lists either.

What makes this particularly egregious is that All Stars and Dynamos Cricket are used to promote The Hundred quite extensively. One of the very first questions you are asked when you install the Dynamos mobile app is: “Which Hundred team is your favourite?”, which leads to the colour themes taking that team’s colours. The app features videos of cricketers in their Hundred kits demonstrating the various skills or drills used. Kids in the Dynamos scheme are given free The Hundred trading cards.

To be clear: I’m not against any of this. I want more children to become cricket fans. My issue is that it is only working in one direction. Kids playing cricket should be encouraged to watch it on TV, but kids watching it on TV (and their parents) should also be encouraged to go to their local clubs.

In terms of the total number of kids in the All Stars/Dynamos programmes, it has decreased every year The Hundred has been held so far. It was “over 101,000” in 2021 (which was before the competition began), “over 100,000” in 2022 and “just over 97,000” in 2023. Likewise, there has a slight decrease in girls within the programmes from 27,000 in 2021 to 26,752 in 2023.

From these figures (and the ECB doesn’t release broader participation data), you could honestly make the argument that The Hundred is hurting junior cricket participation in this country.

Conclusion

Everything about The Hundred ranges from a missed opportunity to a fundamentally flawed concept. Even the women’s competition, the one shining beacon of light in the whole thing, fails to lead anywhere else beyond attracting an audience for itself.

Obviously it works out pretty well for some people. Anyone employed as a marketer or PR consultant in North London, for example, or the eight ECB executives who pocketed a huge bonus cheque. A large selection of mediocre men’s T20 cricketers also have good reason to be thankful.

Beyond that, the greatest success The Hundred has had is in persuading people to say that it’s successful.

Thanks for reading. If you have any comments on this, the Test series or anything else, please leave them below.

Share this:
FacebookTwitterLinkedInReddit
Loading...
ECB, The Hundred, Women's Cricket
PREVIOUS ARTICLE
I’ll Show You What It Feels Like, Now I’m On The Outside
NEXT ARTICLE
Why Are Women Paid So Little In English Cricket?
29 THOUGHTS ON “IS THE HUNDRED A SUCCESS?”
ANDREW BEAVEN
Feb 20, 2024 / 8:02 pm

wrt National Programmes (All Stars & Dynamos) and the Hundred — the ECB have encouraged clubs and other centres to run condensed programmes (typically 4x2hr sessions) over the school holidays, instead of or (ideally) in addition to the 8-week programme beginning in May, but I don’t know how successful this has been.
Many clubs seem to shut down their junior sessions at the end of the school summer term — not unreasonable, perhaps, as players and volunteer coaches & Activators take time away (those that can afford a summer vacation).
Timing of the condensed programmes is still not ideal, as they are most likely to be scheduled for the last week of July plus 3 weeks of August — half way through before the Hundred is properly underway.
Summer holiday “festivals” (one or two day) might work better.

Like

Reply
DANNYCRICKET
Feb 20, 2024 / 8:37 pm

I could swear I’ve seen clubs doing just that, although they may not have been All Star/Dynamos. This is one of the problems I have with how the ECB generally handles its programmes. They tend to be inflexible, monolithic, one-size-fits-all.

It is also one of the key issues with the idea that being during the Summer holidays means that kids are more available to watch The Hundred. The Summer holidays are one of the times when kids are more likely to be unavailable due to holidays, day trips and organised activities. If you want kids to be able to watch on TV, making it 4-7pm on a school day would probably get better results. That said, the school holidays probably help with kids attending because the long day and/or late finishes means that paren’t would be less likely to do it on a school night.

Like

Reply
DAVID JONES
Feb 20, 2024 / 9:02 pm

This is an excellent article. It articulates my concerns with the Hundred as it stands and the damage it is doing to other regional and county cricket. Thank you for writing it.

Like

Reply
ALAN SIMPSON
Feb 20, 2024 / 10:35 pm

A brilliant and utterly comprehensive dismantling of The Hundred and all the fallacies that surround and sustain it.

I wish I had the ability to write like this.

“It only works if someone else is paying the bills” is the standout quote for me. Unsustainable, writ large.

Like

Reply
MARTIN HADLAND
Feb 20, 2024 / 11:24 pm

A brilliant forensic dismantling of the ECB Hundred propaganda. Should be compulsory reading for every County Chair and Chief Exec.

Like

Reply
ANDREWRDOW
Feb 21, 2024 / 1:39 pm

An article abundant with backing from those inconvenient things called “facts” and evidence. Thank you.

We may confidently expect the ECB to take absolutely no notice of any of this.

Would slightly quibble with the concept that the “bung” to the counties should be taken into account as an expense, as the £1.3 Mln per county incentive was sold as the “dividend” taken out of the sure thannng, you betcha! profits. However, equally, no sensible company pays a dividend out if it has NOT made a profit, and the counties received the first such bung before a ball had been bowled.

However, this is to split a very small hair over a quite excellently written article.

Like

Reply
DANNYCRICKET
Feb 22, 2024 / 8:24 am

I’m certainly not suggesting it is a dividend in the conventional sense, only that the ECB and Fanos Hira both didn’t include it in their profit and loss reports on The Hundred.

It is obviously a payment, and pretty much the only one that the eleven non-hosting clubs receive from The Hundred. Without this, they would have no compensation for forgoing first team cricket in one of the most lucrative parts of the calendar or releasing their contracted players for a month. It’s about as clear a quid pro quo as you could see.

Like

Reply
MARK
Feb 21, 2024 / 1:50 pm

There is an old joke that the only people who made any money out of the California gold rush were those selling the shovels, pick axes, and supplies.

Pretty much what has happened with the 100. Except instead of shovels you have advertising agencies, and design companies dreaming up stupid names and team colours that could have been created by 8 year olds. As you say, if you add in all the upfront costs and expenses the 100 has made nothing but losses. Paid for by the very people the ECB has driven away from the sport. Namely those “outside cricket” who have kept the sport alive for decades with their hard earned cash.

Like with most administrators they spend their time trying to rectify their own screw ups. It was the ECB who decided nearly 20 years ago to remove all live English cricket from our tv screens. They boasted about how much their “partner organisation” Sky was ploughing back into the sport, and dismissed those who warned that the game was now essentially invisible to a new audience. It’s therefore a bit rich to claim you are now trying to create a new customer base. You lost the old one.

As far as trying to generate new money to plough into cricket how exactly is that going to happen if the 100 is flogged off to private owners, hedge fund managers, and IPL franchises owners? They will want a massive return on their investment through both cash and power.

All in all the ECB is, and has been run by charlatans who have not acted as custodians for the game of English cricket. Instead they have dreamed up “get rich quick schemes” which have not facilitated a sound financial base, a new audience, or an up tick in young people taking up the sport. After all, most of the arguments for the 100 were made 20 years ago in the creation of Twenty/20. Rinse/repeat.

What next… Ten/10? One/1? Put goal posts up and play football, and call it cricketfoot?

Like

Reply
RICHARD BENTLEY
Feb 21, 2024 / 3:00 pm

What a good article. About 10 times better than anything in the Cricketer.

Like

Reply
DANNYCRICKET
Feb 22, 2024 / 7:30 am

Thanks, although I would say that a lot of information in this post came from The Cricketer or writers who now work there.

Unfortunately, all media are guilty of transcribing what organisations like the ECB tell them rather than challenging and testing it before publication. This post took me about a month to write, albeit around a full time job and watching the cricket. Journalists are expected to produce content every day. Neither is there generally much interest in 5,000 word long reads like this in the print media. More people will read (and buy) interviews with players than thorough examinations of governance and structure. And, connected to the previous point, magazines and papers risk losing access to players for interviews if they publish negative articles about the ECB or its staff.

I would love it if the UK cricket media did articles like this. They’re professional writers, they can ask people Inside Cricket for interviews and information, and they presumably have more resources than my “Stuff I happened to read and remember”. At the same time, I understand they aren’t really commercially viable.

Like

Reply
PATRICK POCOCK
Feb 21, 2024 / 3:21 pm

Who do the hundred teams represent? With only a few players from the home team playing, not the members of the local county. E,g, Gloucestershire and Somerset have to travel to Cardiff for a HOME game. Moving the big matches to the seasons extremities, knocks the First Class game. First Class matches provide the basis for the skeletal of cricket i.e. test cricket. Test cricket cannot be played with players having to go from the hundred into Test matches, they need County cricket, otherwise their technique will be non-existent and the current performants in India will endorse this Also, you cannot build a Club membership around the hundred. Cricket needs to be run by those with a history and long term love of the game, not, as this report states, by those who become involved with cricket because of the opportunity for instant money. Is the hundred REALLY going to add to the game to put it in the best position to still be here in 100 years time???????

Like

Reply
MARK
Feb 21, 2024 / 6:45 pm

I don’t think they care a jot about the long term of 3/4/5 day cricket. They are banking on a future where all cricket will be a form of one day white ball with teams operating like Premiership football clubs on an international stage. Test cricket has probably got twenty five years left if it’s lucky before it’s pensioned off. Many people under the age of 30 have seen little of it in the last two decades. Certainly live.

Let’s face it, if the English 100 teams are sold off to IPL franchise owners what’s to stop them just becoming absorbed into the existing Indian franchise? Mumbai can play out of London or Melbourne. And little of the money will go back into English cricket.

Throw in a few celebrities, razzmatazz, and gushing nonsense from the media “partners” and you have a new sport. The fact that The Indian IPL is so much bigger than major Test series against the likes of Australia and England tells you all you need to know about where this is going.

Like

Reply
DANNYCRICKET
Feb 22, 2024 / 7:09 am

In terms of Test cricket’s future, at least in its current form, I think you might be being optimistic. Just as Test cricket subsidises white ball cricket in this country, white ball cricket (particularly the ICC World Cups) subsidises Test cricket globally. Neither looks sustainable. I don’t think it would be a surprise if teams like New Zealand, the West Indies or Bangladesh pulled out of Tests in the next few years. The teams outside the World Test Championship, Ireland, Afghanistan and Zimbabwe, more or less already have.

The problem the ECB have is that Tests still contribute the vast majority of their revenue. Take that away, even if you replace that and the Championship with six months of T20 cricket, and English cricket will be considerably poorer as a result.

Such a future, with lower central income, would likely require fewer teams. Test cricket can sustain 18 professional teams (and their grounds), T20 can’t. The ECB would also lose its political power at the ICC, given that its financial might would be comparable to Pakistan.

All of which is to say I wish the ECB were half as committed to sustaining Test cricket around the world as they are The Hundred.

Like

Reply
MARK
Feb 22, 2024 / 4:06 pm

I agree that 25 years might well be optimistic for Test cricket, and yes I can see a number of current teams no longer playing Test cricket very soon. It’s ten years since “the difficult winter “ tour and look how much has changed in a decade.

The ECB has tried to keep the cash coming in from five test match series against either India or Australia home and away. Other than that they get their cut from Sky who I suspect does not get that many subscribers for just cricket.

My suspicions with the 100 is that it was a Trojan horse to a model where you reduce the counties/franchises down to single digits. Just 8 teams. It’s why they paid off the other counties. I have always thought it was on the cards since Warwickshire started putting Birmingham in their name regardless of format. They seem to be trying to create a new brand image based on city.

Like

Reply
DANNYCRICKET
Feb 22, 2024 / 7:11 am

I’m not sure this is necessarily a strong argument against The Hundred. How many local players do Premier League football teams have? They’re the most popular, and financially successful, sports teams in the country.

Like

Reply
SAM
Feb 23, 2024 / 4:26 pm

I’m not so sure. Different sports have built different player/supporter relationship cultures over the decades which makes comparisons difficult, but (a) footballers generally commit to a team for longer than a month and (b) premiership clubs are long-established, not marketing-man confected entities. As a Welsh cricket fan I’m broadly at ease with Glamorgan players not being born in Wales. But I still want to get to know them a bit. My fundamental problem with the Hundred is that I don’t feel like a stakeholder in the sport I love. It’s like a collection of exhibition matches. However, stepping back from all that, absolutely brilliant article.

Like

Reply
ROB
Feb 22, 2024 / 12:48 am

Great article as always on cricket’s finances, that would seldom be permitted amongst the mainstream media.

Does anyone have any opinion as to whether one particular goal of the 100, to reduce market share or prestige of the BBL, has been successful?

Like

Reply
DANNYCRICKET
Feb 22, 2024 / 6:39 am

Hard to say, depending on what context you consider. This year’s men’s BBL experienced growth in attendance and TV viewers (both in Australia and India) thanks to a shorter competition (still a little longer than The Hundred though). On the other hand, it still lost several players to other T20 leagues and I would generally say the standard of play was lower since the BBL doesn’t have something like the T20 Blast to draw players from. Overseas players are generally favouring other, better paying leagues (which may also be thanks to these leagues’ IPL connections, as they increase the chances of landing a lucrative IPL contract).

The reverse is perhaps true of the women’s BBL, with fewer viewers than The Hundred (albeit in a smaller country) but a higher standard of player thanks to the fully professional domestic structure being in place for seven years.

Like

Reply
PODONOHOE
Feb 22, 2024 / 11:01 pm

The Hundred is an abomination. What do you think of the future of the ODI or other such domestic versions?

Like

Reply
DANNYCRICKET
Feb 22, 2024 / 11:07 pm

The ICC’s ODI World Cups are still profitable. I’m not sure, but they might make more money than the T20 World Cups. Obviously the domestic 50-over format doesn’t attract nearly as much money, and so would presumably be cut back to allow more T20 cricket. As is already the case in England, of course.

Liked by 1 person

Reply
KEN
Mar 21, 2024 / 5:42 pm

Great article, very informative.

Presumably the UK broadcasting revenue in the profit calculations to date is £36.5m annually – which is an estimate by Deloitte? Do you think this is likely to be a true and fair valuation?

What would you estimate the cumulative losses (including the ‘dividends’ paid to the counties) to be as at the end of 2023?

Like

Reply
DANNYCRICKET
Mar 24, 2024 / 8:10 pm

I don’t think the £36.5m figure is an estimate by Deloitte, given that it was published after The Hundred’s first TV deal was signed in 2017. Depending on how the TV broadcast deal was sold (in sections or all together), it would be either what Sky specifically paid for The Hundred or the ECB’s assignment of the competition’s value within the overall £220m annual revenue from TV rights.

Like

Reply
N F HATCH
Jun 26, 2024 / 1:51 pm

Glad I am 79 . I hate everything about the hundred . Always thought it was an ill conceived waste of time. I can embrace all forms of cricket with 6 ball overs!

What a a really good and well written article using unbeatable words.

well done

Neale Hatch Marlow Bucks

Like

Reply
CHAFFERS
Jul 4, 2024 / 4:26 pm

I’ve never heard anyone talk about the hundred at a cricket club. No-one wants to play it. Some of the kids and young adults like T20, but generally the big hitters who are only obsessed with strike rate.

We have to play it midweek though it seems to make team politics far more toxic. You either bat in the top 3 or you don’t get a bat. Little point being a bowler, or a specialist bowler at any rate.

Think it’s only future is as a strange form of feminist cricket… Mixed teams of the sort of childless couples who play badminton. Can’t say I have any urge to go and watch either the womens or mens teams play though slaying the golden goose which produces test match players for the numerous hit and giggle nonsenses already seems to be having an effect.

49 batsmen are averaging over 50 thus far this season, presumably as the groundsmen are being asked to produce flat wickets which will see more sixes being hit. 84 are averaging over 40… So basically the top 5 of every single county on average. Historically batting tends to get easier in the back half of the season.

We’ve sacrificed thrilling matches like Somerset vs Warks or Glamorgan vs Gloucestershire for mere participation games where no-one cares or probably even knows who won.

Like

Reply
AMMON CHESKIN
Jul 30, 2024 / 9:12 am

a very informative article, thanks!

I’m not knowledgeable about these issues. However, I’ve just driven down from Glasgow to Manchester to show my kids their first cricket game (Originals Vs Rockets). So the marketing managed to suck me in and we had a wonderful time.

for me it was a shame that there was no effort to tie in our Hundred experience with any other form of cricket.

it was amazing to see so many women and girls at the game.

Like

Reply
GRAHAM
Aug 2, 2024 / 7:47 am

How about looking at actual attendances. Surrey got 55,000 to watch county cricket over 7 times 4 day matches in 2023. It’s virtually nothing, around 2,000 per day. And they’re the best supported county.

then consider attendances for the Hundred. Only 4 home matches brought in over 80,000 people, generating bar and merchandising sales too.

whether the Hundred is making money overall is obviously contentious but it has to be acknowledged that county cricket for many counties is loss making and without ECB subsidies would have disappeared long ago.

Like

Reply
EXUBERANTC20B5FF921
Aug 3, 2024 / 1:49 pm

I was at the Oval last yesterday for the two hundred matches.  Attendance was poor at the start of the women’s match but increased through to a virtually full ground about 30 minutes after the start of the men’s match.  On fireworks – the elaborate display witnessed on for the first game of the season was not repeated, only a small display as the initial batter emerged at the start of the innings.  Music – whether it’s the Oval sound system (sic) or not I don’t know but only a deep tone of rhythmic thumping could be heard, and the audio fillers (while the adverts were on the telly) were virtually impossible to distinguish.  They either need to make the sound immeasurably better, or not bother at all.  No disrespect to the performers, but if it’s not audible what’s the point?  To rub salt into the wound, we left early to head for the tube,  as the match for the Invincibles was well lost, and the audio outside the ground was loud and clear!

Attendance was I think over 24,000.  Total Hundred attendances for 2023 was reportedly 580,000 for 34 matches.  Attendance at the Oval for 4 matches and the eliminator was circa 102,000 in 2023, so it seems evident that support elsewhere is not quite so strong.  If, as others have argued the Hundred isn’t making money for the ECB, then one really has to ask why not?

Like

Reply
STU
Aug 15, 2024 / 1:33 pm

I have been involved in junior cricket coaching for many years as well as numerous meetings with the ECB, committees etc etc.

Things were definitely improving (from a low point) in the decade up to the launch of the Hundred – I recall a time when junior cricket was ludicrously diverse in terms of rules, formats, tecniques etc – my rather good U11s once rocked up for a County Cup final and I was scratching my head as to why my bowlers were bowling too many full tosses….only to realise that elsewhere within the SAME county they bowled off different length pitches…by 2 yards!

The ECB recruited a guy called Matt Dwyer who I have met several times. Very Impressive – he delveloped The Bish Bash (apparently very profitable) and the direct links between the Big Bash and junior cricket in Oz. All Stars was duly launched copying what they did in Australia and I think most people think it has been a great success.

So when the Hundred was mooted I was cautiously optimistic…but then Dywer left, poached by Tennis Australia. The Hundred came along and is so obviously a dogs dinner deseigned by a committee of conflicting interests and excited marketing execs.

The product itself is not that great. OK the ECB cant do anything about the weather, however, whilst I might appreciate the merits of a leave outside off stump or a play and miss, I think most of the newcomers turning up want to see Dre Russ and the like biff the ball out the park. So for starters they need to sort the balls out. Then look at the pitches – subsidise grounds to instally hybrid pitches. Then get rid of some of the utter sillyness – the graphics that look like they were created on a 1983 ZX Spectrum in the window of WH Smith. I was at a game the other day and was staring at the huge scoreboard containing tons of (mostly irrelevant) information – all I wanted to know was how many runs the batting side had scored to date……finally worked it out by using the very small DLS box in the corner.

As for why invest in it…..I am not convinved that Bridgepoint or others will be successful in attracting big IPL like owners. In any event they are going to want absolute control, not the poxy share of the pie being mooted whilst 20+ counties restrict what they can do. That is why it is much easier to start a franchise league in non-traditional cricket countries.

Like

Reply
Pingback: Why ‘The Hundred’ did work, but why is the popularity waining now. – Isaac Hall Sports Blog
Leave a comment
BLOG STATS
1,579,204 hits
FOLLOW BLOG VIA EMAIL

Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address:

FOLLOW

Join 7,187 other subscribers.
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER
My Tweets
Search for:
RECENT POSTS
 How Much Is A Hundred Team Worth?
 Thorpey
 The Blame Game
 What Went Wrong With The ECB’s Balls?
 Why Are Women Paid So Little In English Cricket?
RECENT COMMENTS
	Gerard on He Created The Vibe, He Takes…

	dannycricket on How Much Is A Hundred Team…

	kense11 on How Much Is A Hundred Team…

	Grenville on How Much Is A Hundred Team…

	Matt on How Much Is A Hundred Team…
BLOGROLL
Get Polling
Get Support
Major League Envy
Theme Showcase
WordPress.com News
CRICKET IN THE PAPERS
County Cricket Matters
Guardian Cricket
The Home of Bunkers (Independent)
MAIN CRICKET BLOGS
County Cricket Matters
Dennis Does Cricket
Drop In Pitch
Seek And Ye Might Find Something Familiar
The Full Toss
ARCHIVES
Oct 2024
Aug 2024
Jul 2024
Mar 2024
Feb 2024
Jan 2024
Aug 2023
Jul 2023
Jun 2023
May 2023
Apr 2023
Dec 2022
Nov 2022
Sep 2022
Aug 2022
Jul 2022
Jun 2022
Mar 2022
Feb 2022
Jan 2022
Dec 2021
Nov 2021
Oct 2021
Sep 2021
Aug 2021
Jul 2021
Jun 2021
May 2021
Apr 2021
Mar 2021
Feb 2021
Jan 2021
Dec 2020
Nov 2020
Oct 2020
Sep 2020
Aug 2020
Jul 2020
May 2020
Apr 2020
Mar 2020
Jan 2020
Dec 2019
Nov 2019
Oct 2019
Sep 2019
Aug 2019
Jul 2019
Jun 2019
May 2019
Mar 2019
Feb 2019
Jan 2019
Dec 2018
Nov 2018
Oct 2018
Sep 2018
Aug 2018
Jul 2018
Jun 2018
May 2018
Apr 2018
Mar 2018
Feb 2018
Jan 2018
Dec 2017
Nov 2017
Oct 2017
Sep 2017
Aug 2017
Jul 2017
Jun 2017
May 2017
Apr 2017
Mar 2017
Feb 2017
Jan 2017
Dec 2016
Nov 2016
Oct 2016
Sep 2016
Aug 2016
Jul 2016
Jun 2016
May 2016
Apr 2016
Mar 2016
Feb 2016
Jan 2016
Dec 2015
Nov 2015
Oct 2015
Sep 2015
Aug 2015
Jul 2015
Jun 2015
May 2015
Apr 2015
Mar 2015
Feb 2015
CATEGORIES
2005 Ashes
2015 Ashes
2015 Cricket World Cup
2016 World T20
2017 Champions Trophy
2017 Dmitri Awards
2017/18 Ashes
2019 Ashes
2019 Cricket World Cup
2020 Has Been Shite
2021 Ashes
2021/22 Ashes
2023 Ashes
Adelaide 2006
Adil Rashid
Afghanistan
Alastair Cook
Ali Martin
Andrew Strauss
Andy Flower
Asad Shafiq
ashes
Ashes
Ashes 2015
Ashes Memories
Ashes Panel
Ashes Panel 2017/18
Australia
Australia v New Zealand 2015
Azhar Ali
Ball Tampering
Bangladesh
Bangladesh v England 2016
BBC TV Coverage
Ben Stokes
Big Bash
BJ Watling
Blackwash
Book Review
Brendon McCullum
Brisbane
BT Sport
BTL
Century Watch
Chris Gayle
Chris Stocks
Club Cricket
Coaching
Colin Graves
Competition Time
County Cricket
Cricket Australia
Cricket Laws
Cricket Press
Daily Mail
David Lloyd
David Warner
Death of a Gentleman
Derek Pringle
Durham
ECB
ECB TV
Ed Smith
Edgbaston
Eng vs SA 2017
England
England in Bangladesh – 2016
England in West Indies – 2015
England Lions
England Summer 2017
England Summer 2018
England v New Zealand 2015
England v New Zealand 2021
England v New Zealand 2022
England v Pakistan 2016
England v Pakistan 2020
England v South Africa 2017
England v South Africa 2022
England v Sri Lanka 2016
England v Sri Lanka 2021
England v West Indies 2017
England v West Indies 2020
England vs India 2018
England vs India 2021
England vs Ireland
England vs Ireland 2019
England vs Pakistan 2018
EngvWI 2020
Eoin Morgan
four day "test" cricket
Free To Air
Gambling
Gary Ballance
George Dobell
Giles Clarke
Governance
Graham Thorpe
Guest Post
Happy Birthday
Henderson
House Rules And Maintenance
Humour
Ian Ward
Ian Watmore
ICC
India
India v England – 2016/17
India v England 2021
Internal Housekeeping
IPL
Ireland
Jack Leach
James Taylor
James Whitaker
JAMODI
Jason Holder
Jim Holden
Jimmy Anderson
Joe Root
Jofra Archer
John Etheridge
Jonathan Agnew
Jonny Bairstow
Jos Buttler
Kane WIlliamson
KP
Kraigg Brathwaite
kumar sangakkara
Lawrence Booth
Leak/Good Journalism
Lord's
Mike Selvey
Moeen Ali
Mohammad Amir
Natwest Blast
New Zealand
New Zealand vs. England 2018
Nick Compton
Nick Hoult
Non-Cricket
Nostalgia
NZ vs. England 2019
ODI
Oliver Holt
On This Day
Open Thread
Outside Cricket
Pakistan
Pakistan v England – 2015
Pataudi Panel
Paul Downton
Paul Newman
Personal Nonsense
Peter Moores
Photographs
Pissing Sodding Virus
Power list
Press Coverage
Q & A
Review of 2015
Rob Key
Sam Curran
Sam Peters
Schools
Scotland
Selectors
Self-Absorbed Wittering
Shiny Toy
Simon Hughes
Sky TV coverage
South Africa
South Africa v England – 2015/16
South Africa v England – 2019/20
Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka V England 2018
Sri Lanka v England 2021
Stephen Brenkley
Steve Smith
Summer Season Review
Surrey
T20
Telegraph
Test Crciket
Test Cricket
Test Memories
The 2015 Dmitris
The 2016 Dmitris
The Cricketer
The Dirty Dozen
The Full Toss
The Guardian
The Hundred
The Story of Adelaide – 2006
The Test Hundreds
Tom Harrison
Trevor Bayliss
TV Coverage
Twitter
UAE
Umpires and Scorers
Uncategorized
Virat Kohli
West Indies
West Indies v England – 2016
West Indies v England – 2017
West Indies v England – 2019
Wisden
Women's Cricket
World Cup
World T20
WTC Final 2021
Younis Khan
Zimbabwe
Feb 2024
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2	3	4
5	6	7	8	9	10	11
12	13	14	15	16	17	18
19	20	21	22	23	24	25
26	27	28	29	 
« Jan   Mar »
FOLLOW DMITRI ON TWITTER
My Tweets
FOLLOW TLG ON TWITTER
My Tweets
FOLLOW SEAN ON TWITTER
My Tweets
FOLLOW DANNY ON TWITTER
My Tweets
META
Register
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.com
LORDCANISLUPUS

TLG

READ AROUND THE WORLD
COLLYTHORPE

Blog at WordPress.com.
Comment
 
Reblog
 
Subscribe
 
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://beingoutsidecricket.com/2024/02/20/is-the-hundred-a-success/ 
 ----- 
