Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Things Get Chippy Between Jimmy Butler, Chris Paul In Preseason Matchup
Bryan Townes | Oct 16, 2024
Oct 15, 2024; Miami, Florida, USA; Miami Heat forward Jimmy Butler (22) drives to the basket against San Antonio Spurs forward Jeremy Sochan (10) during the third quarter at Kaseya Center. Mandatory Credit: Sam Navarro-Imagn Images / Sam Navarro-Imagn Images

As if there weren’t enough things fans need to feel optimistic about this season for the Miami Heat, an engaged Jimmy Butler trash-talking with Chris Paul in the preseason certainly gets added to the list.

It started late in the second quarter of the Miami Heat's victory against the San Antonio Spurs. Butler wrapped up by Paul while driving to the basket. Before he shot his free throws, Butler clapped while looking at Paul.

A few possessions later, Paul fouled Nikola Jovic. That led to Butler sprinting over to pick up his teammate. There was more clapping in Paul's direction.

On the next possession, Butler body-checked Paul intentionally for the foul. The two started jawing at each other until Butler laughed it off.

Butler finished with 12 points, four rebounds, three steals, and one block on 80 percent shooting from the field.

Butler has been active in the Heat’s preseason games this season. It felt like Tuesday was the most he was engaged for a preseason game throughout his tenure in Miami. This is a welcomed sight for fans because he usually does not increase the intensity this much during the regular season.  

With the Heat having high expectations for this year and a goal to have a new locked-in focus, Butler being the team leader and displaying it is an positive sign for the season.

Bryan Townes is a contributor to Miami Heat On SI. He can be reached at btownesjr@gmail.com or on X @bryantownesjr11. Follow our coverage on Facebook.  

Published Oct 16, 2024
BRYAN TOWNES

Bryan attended Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia with a focus on sports management. While he didn't grow up an NBA fan, he became one after playing the popular NBA2K video game. From Jimmy Butler to Ray Allen to Chris Bosh, Bryan has followed the Heat for the past several years.

Follow btj11x

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/heat/things-get-chippy-between-jimmy-butler-chris-paul-in-preseason-matchup-01ja9me3fk1f 
 ----- 
