Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Three Observations From Guardians Win Over White Sox, 5-0
The Cleveland Guardians defeated the Chicago White Sox behind another solid showing from the bullpen.
Tommy Wild | Sep 11, 2024
Sep 10, 2024; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Cleveland Guardians second baseman Andres Gimenez (0) hits a RBI single against the Chicago White Sox during the ninth inning at Guaranteed Rate Field. Mandatory Credit: Matt Marton-Imagn Images / Matt Marton-Imagn Images
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians

Make that another win for the Cleveland Guardians and another series win of for the good guys. Cleveland clinched a series victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night, 5-0.

Here are three observations and takeaways from Cleveland's latest win.

Ben Lively, Guardians Bullpen

Unfortunately, Ben Lively's start abruptly ended on Tuesday after he was hit in the hip with a line drive. Cleveland's starting pitcher had trouble walking off the field and was clearly in a lot of pain.

Lively only pitched 2.0 innings, which meant Cleveland's bullpen had to make up the next 7.0 innings. Not only did the Guardians' relievers get the team through the game, but they didn't allow a single run along the way.

The core group of Pedroa Avila, Eli Morgan, Cade Smith, Tim Herrin, Hunter Gaddis, and Erik Sabrowski combined to give up just four hits and issued three walks the rest of the way.

This was just another master class from the best bullpen in baseball.

Sep 10, 2024; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Cleveland Guardians pitcher Erik Sabrowski (62) delivers the ball during the ninth inning against the Chicago White Sox at Guaranteed Rate Field. Mandatory Credit: Matt Marton-Imagn Images / Matt Marton-Imagn Images
Lane Thomas

Lane Thomas' start with the Guardians was tough. The veteran outfielder went through arguably his roughest stretch as a big leaguer, which was not the impression he wanted to make on his new team.

However, Thomas has turned things around for the Guardians over the last few weeks and has come up with some big hits.

His latest clutch moment came on Tuesday night as the right-handed hitter blasted a three-run homer in the top of the sixth inning. Chicago has played the Guardians close all game, but this gave Cleveland a commanding four-run lead.

Thomas is now hitting .326/.380/.609 over his last 15 games.

Kyle Manzardo Multi-Hit Game

Since being promoted just over a week ago, Kyle Manzardo has continued to provide the Guardians with a solid spark in the lineup.

The 24-year-old designated hitter recorded two hits in his four at-bats on Tuesday night, one of which was an RBI single that gave the Guardians their first run of the night.

Manzardo isn't a finished product yet. However, he's continuing to show why the organization has been so high on him.

Published Sep 11, 2024
TOMMY WILD

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/guardians/news/three-observations-cleveland-guardians-chicago-white-sox-september-10-2024 
 ----- 
