News
Today's news
US
Politics
World
Tech
Climate change
Health
Science
Originals
Newsletters
Life
Health
Parenting
Style and beauty
Horoscopes
Shopping
Food
Travel
Autos
Gift ideas
Buying guides
Entertainment
Celebrity
TV
Movies
Music
How to Watch
Interviews
Videos
Finance
My portfolio
News
Markets
Sectors
Screeners
Personal finance
Videos
Crypto
Industries
Sports
Fantasy
Daily fantasy
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
Soccer
College football
Show all
New on Yahoo
Creators
Games
Tech
Editions
US
© 2024
All rights reserved.
Search query
Mail
Sign in
Advertisement
Close this content
Entertainment News
Bennifer divorce settled
Tim Allen's 'Shifting Gears'
Jerry Springer documentary
'School of Rock' reunion
Aubrey Plaza
Opera gloves at the Globes
Post Malone $20K tip
Ariana Grande question
Nikki Glaser zings Hollywood
Blake Lively video
An Olympic Breakdancing Judge Just Broke His Silence on Raygun’s Zero-Point Score
Gretty Garcia
Tue, August 13, 2024 at 5:05 PM UTC
2 min read
An Olympic Breakdancing Judge Just Broke His Silence on Raygun’s Zero-Point Score

Idk about you, but I—and likely the rest of the world, tbh—am totally still recovering from Rachael Gunn’s iconic performance at the 2024 Paris Olympics. Like, the breaker (also known as Raygun) was truly delightful as she took center stage during the Olympic debut of breakdancing in this year’s competition series.

And though she left the city an internet sensation after being praised by millions of people on social media, she sadly didn’t make the same impression on the judges, who awarded her a total of zero points during her performance on Saturday, August 10. (FYI, in the end, Japan’s Ami Yuasa won the gold medal, while Lithuania’s Dominika Banevič and China’s Liu Qingyi took home silver and bronze, respectively.)

DeFodi Images - Getty Images

Fast-forward a few days from her highly-watched routine, and the top judge of the breakdancing competition has opened up about the harsh assessment. “We have five criteria in the comparative judging system. Her level was maybe not as high as the other competitors,” Martin Gilian, whose stage name is MGbility, revealed during a press conference (via the Daily Mail).

Advertisement

“Again, we’re using a comparative judging system. Her competitors were just better but it doesn’t mean that she did really bad. She did her best. She was representing Australia and Oceania and did her best. She won the Oceania qualifier officially. If some people are wondering how she got into the Olympic Games, she qualified from her region,” he continued before adding, “Unfortunately for her, the other b-girls were better. That’s why she didn’t score any votes in her rounds.”

Ezra Shaw - Getty Images

During a separate interview with the BBC, however, the judge had a slightly more, erm, praiseful tone when discussing Raygun’s routine. Ahem: “Breaking is all about originality and bringing something new to the table...and this is exactly what Raygun was doing.”

Someone else who lauded the breakdancer’s routine? That would be Anna Meares, a former professional cyclist/Australia’s chef de mission, who told reporters the following (via CNN): “If you don’t know Rachael’s story, in 2008, she was locked in a room crying being involved in a male-dominated sport as the only woman, and it took great courage for her to continue on and fight for her opportunity to participate in a sport that she loved.”

Luke Hales - Getty Images

“That got her to winning the Olympic qualifying event to be here in Paris. She is the best breakdancer, female, that we have in Australia…She has represented the Olympic team, the Olympic spirit, with great enthusiasm and I absolutely love her courage. I love her character, and I feel very disappointed for her that she has come under the attack that she has,” she added.

Honestly, we (and Adele, apparently) ride at dawn for Raygun!

You Might Also Like

Here’s What NOT to Wear to a Wedding

Meet the Laziest, Easiest Acne Routine You’ll Ever Try

Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
View comments
About Our Ads
Solve the daily Crossword
26,742 people played the daily Crossword recently. Can you solve it faster than others?
Crossword
Play on Yahoo
Advertisement
Recommended articles
Ilona Maher's Hilarious Humble Brag Has Fans Saying She's 'in the 1 Percent of Humanity With Those Skills'
Parade
Stephen A. Smith Reacts To Sexual Battery Suit Against Ex-ESPN Colleague Skip Bayless
HuffPost
Norlie·Ad
Seniors With Numb Feet Are Calling This Trick Genius!
Try This 10 Minute Trick Tonight.
Here's How Wildly Different Joe Biden's Medal Of Freedom Picks Are Compared To Donald Trump's
BuzzFeed
Toyota Supra Takes on Chevy Corvette in High-Stakes Vegas Drag Race
Motorious
Jemele Hill Slams Antonio Brown Over Joy Taylor Lawsuit Comments
Complex
Super Nutrition Findings·Ad
Memory Loss Is Not From Age! Meet The Real Enemy Of Memory...
Former Ohio State running back Ezekiel Elliott signs with playoff contender
Buckeyes Wire
Former Texas A&M WR Noah Thomas has announced his transfer destination
Aggies Wire
NFL Black Monday updates: Latest rumors, news, analysis on coach firings
USA TODAY Sports
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads·Ad
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
Dallas Cowboys Kicker Apologizes to Cheerleader for Hitting Her in the Head and Tells Her ‘Love Watching Y’all!’
People
2025 NFL mock draft 4.0: Raiders make big move for QB after firing Antonio Pierce
Yahoo Sports
Dude Love And JBL Appear At OVW Event
Wrestle Zone
PopularSearches | Search Ads·Ad
Buick Outpaces Competitors Once Again: See The New Models
LSU women's basketball head coach Kim Mulkey wears a basketball hoop to game vs. Auburn
USA TODAY Sports
Ohio State tight end enters transfer portal
Buckeyes Wire
NASCAR Cup Series 2025 schedule: Tracks, dates, times, how to watch every race
USA TODAY Sports
IronPulse·Ad
ED May Be Becoming a Thing of the Past for Older Men!
Former Baltimore Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37
USA TODAY Sports
Rhea Ripley Says She’s Finally Moving Past Liv Morgan And Judgment Day
Wrestle Zone
Bengals QB Joe Burrow sends message to fans after season ends
Bengals Wire
BestSearches | Search Ads·Ad
These Unsold Camper Vans In Washington Are Selling For Next...
Memphis restaurant to pay Ja Morant over $365K, barred from using NBA star's likeness
The Commercial Appeal
Chili Bowl 2025: TV channel, entry list, results and more for Nationals in Tulsa
NASCAR.com
Browns eligible for massive insurance relief if Deshaun Watson cannot play in 2025
Browns Wire
SUVs | Top Searcher Now·Ad
New Land Rover Defender Has Arrived & It's Turning Heads (Tak...
With NIL era ending, college sports is on verge of seismic change. How will schools adapt with industry in upheaval?
Yahoo Sports
Jason Whitlock Slams Joy Taylor With Sexually-Charged, Sexist Comments
VIBE
Early 2025 Fantasy Football Two-Round Mock Draft
Yahoo Sports
TurboTax·Ad
Switch & do your own taxes free in the app by 2/18
Do your own taxes for $0 if you file i...
Kirk Herbstreit sets record straight about ESPN "SEC bias"
Longhorns Wire
An All-Star guard would reportedly waive no-trade clause for Lakers
Lebron Wire
Bill Belichick reacts to Patriots firing Jerod Mayo after one season
Patriots Wire
Norlie·Ad
Seniors With Numb Feet Are Calling This Trick Genius!
Try This 10 Minute Trick Tonight.
Gretchen Rossi Makes a Big Announcement on Relationship with Slade: “Can’t Believe...”
Bravo
Michael Cole Says He Might Miss More WWE Shows Going Forward
Wrestle Zone
Big Ten, SEC headline college football bowl season's winners and losers
USA TODAY Sports
Financebuzz·Ad
District Of Columbia Say Goodbye to High Auto Insurance Rates if...
Bruins Make Massive Changes To Defense Pairings
The Hockey News - Boston Bruins
Time running out for top free agents, Orioles’ sign Morton & Dodgers strike again | Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Yahoo Sports
Greg Gard provides injury updates on Max Klesmit, Nolan Winter following Wisconsin’s win over Rutgers
Badgers Wire
Financebuzz·Ad
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insuran ce in District Of Columbia (Check...
Jemele Hill, Antonio Brown Trade Barbs Over Joy Taylor Lawsuit Remarks
VIBE
Former Texas A&M wide receiver is predicted to transfer within the SEC
Aggies Wire
Cowboys' Micah Parsons makes very bold prediction about Panthers, Bryce Young for 2025
Panthers Wire
SUVs | Top Searcher Now·Ad
New Land Rover Defender Has Arrived & It's Turning Heads (Tak...
Which NFL playoff team is biggest Super Bowl threat? Ranking all 14 based on title chances
USA TODAY Sports
All 49 possible Super Bowl matchups, ranked
Yahoo Sports
Scott Boras has shown so far this offseason that he still has his fastball
Yahoo Sports
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads·Ad
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
Liv Morgan’s Viral Photo from WWE RAW Opening Night Has Everyone Talking—Here’s Why!
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
Dolphins GM says Tua Tagovailoa taking health risks is 'unacceptable'
Dolphins Wire
Browns will have interesting choices with the No. 2 pick in the 2025 NFL Draft
Draft Wire
1 Day Windows Replacement·Ad
This Is How Much New Windows Should Cost In 2025
Finally, Gas And Foam-Insulated...
Drew Brees reveals his pick for who should be the next Saints head coach
Saints Wire
Mike Tomlin gives typical 4-word response to George Pickens' antics
Steelers Wire
Did Dan Campbell take a shot at the Rams with his postgame message to Kevin O'Connell?
Rams Wire
IronPulse·Ad
ED May Be Becoming a Thing of the Past for Older Men!
Former Bruins Star Goalie Gets Bad Injury Update
The Hockey News - Boston Bruins
Indoor golf league created by Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy has a loud, swift debut match
Associated Press
Rangers Give Permission For Zac Jones To Seek Trade According To NHL Insider
The Hockey News - New York Rangers
TurboTax·Ad
Switch & do your own taxes free in the app by 2/18
Do your own taxes for $0 if you file i...
All 32 Dolphins set to become free agents in March 2025
Dolphins Wire
Bengals could lose key part of GM-front office structure to Jets
Bengals Wire
Will snow storm give Texas an advantage over Ohio State in the Cotton Bowl?
Longhorns Wire
TurboTax·Ad
Do your own taxes free in the Turb oTax app by 2/18
NEW! Do your own taxes free in the...
Advertisement
Yahoo!
Movies
TV + Streaming
How to Watch
Music
Celebrity
Books
The It List
Interviews
Yahoo Picks
Help
Suggestions
About Our Ads
Site map
Follow us on
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/olympic-breakdancing-judge-just-broke-170500618.html 
 ----- 
