European Championship

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
SALE ENDS TODAY
All the adrenaline.
All the expertise.
All the savings.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.25/week for your first year.
Subscribe now
Billed as $1 every four weeks for your first year,
then $8 every four weeks thereafter. Cancel anytime.
Already a subscriber? Log in
Offer for The Athletic subscription; current subscribers not eligible. Subscription excludes print edition. Subscription also excludes digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking or Wirecutter. Your payment method will automatically be charged in advance the introductory rate of $1.00 every 4 weeks for 1 year, and after 1 year the standard rate of $8.00 every 4 weeks. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. For subscribers in the U.S., cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. For international subscribers, see our Terms of Service for further information. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change.
England 3 Bosnia & Herzegovina 0: Concerns at full-back and have Eze and Palmer done enough? The Briefing
By George Caulkin and Chris Waugh
Jun 3, 2024

172

What Gareth Southgate will hope is a summer of success creaked into action at St James’ Park on Monday night as his England side took on Bosnia & Herzegovina in the first of two pre-Euro 2024 friendlies.

With England’s 33-man squad being cut down to 26 this weekend, it was a chance for some of the fringe players in the squad to make their case, with the likes of Jarrod Bowen, Cole Palmer, Eberechi Eze and Trent Alexander-Arnold all named in the starting XI.

But as so often in friendlies, there was a distinct lack of incisiveness from England. They struggled to break down the stubborn if functional visitors in the first half, despite glimpses of inventiveness from Eze and Palmer.

And it was Palmer who gave England the lead on the hour — from the penalty spot — after a pull on Ezri Konsa was noticed by VAR. Jarrad Branthwaite and Adam Wharton came on for their international debuts before Trent Alexander-Arnold and Harry Kane made the scoreline, if maybe not the overall performance, a bit more respectable.

Chris Waugh and George Caulkin break down some of the main talking points from tonight’s game.

Which England players emerged with credit?

At the end of this week, Southgate must dispatch seven players from his preliminary squad of 33 for the Euros and for England’s penultimate friendly match before the tournament he took a look at the stand-ins, hopefuls and maybes.

For the most part, it was the kind of fixture that international managers tend to refer to as a “good workout,” or a “useful exercise.” In other words, it left you pondering the utter futility of the human condition.

Exceptions to the general rule? Step forward Cole Palmer and Eberechi Eze, both making their first starts for their country and both demonstrating a lack of fear on a night when England had to grind through the gears before finding any kind of urgency.

The very notion of uncertainty is anathema to Palmer, who scored 22 Premier League goals and provided 11 assists in his debut season for Chelsea. Playing in the No 10 role behind Olle Watkins, he demanded possession and always attempted to make things happen. The 22-year-old dispatched England’s penalty in the 60th minute as if born to it.

Eze was equally progressive, willing to carry the ball forward when others were more content to play it safe.

George Caulkin

Do we need to talk about England’s full-back situation?

Three players used at left-back inside a single game, none of them actual left-backs, all of them right-footed.

Trippier, Ezri Konsa and and Joe Gomez are all capable of playing on that flank, but all of them must compromise their game in order to do so. Trippier, for example, kept pressing high and looking to get involved, but was forced to cut inside on his right, rather than whip in early and deep crosses as he prefers to.

Konsa, meanwhile, was used at right-back, left-back and, belatedly, at centre-half, his preferred position, which, although it highlights his versatility, also suggests Southgate is unsure how best to use the Aston Villa defender.

Luke Shaw is facing a race against time to be fit for the start of the tournament and, even if he is declared available, the Manchester United left-back has not played since February. Southgate has alternatives at left-back, but none of them are left-footed and none of them are ideal.

And the trials did not stop there. Alexander-Arnold was used as part of the double pivot, attempting to spray passes from deep. While the Liverpool player did relatively well there, it was from right-back that he scored England’s second goal with a delightful swerving volley across the goalkeeper.

England have some top-class players but decisions over the left-back and the second deep-midfield role still feel distinctly unresolved heading into this tournament.

Chris Waugh

	(Paul Ellis/AFP via Getty Images)
Did the St James’ Park crowd deserve a bit more?

Newcastle had to wait 19 years to host an England match and, on-pitch entertainment-wise, this was arguably not worth that time delay.

A near-sellout 50,061 crowd were at St James’ Park to see this match against Bosnia and it was quite the occasion in terms of the off-field spectacle. Wor Flags, the Newcastle United fan group, delivered another of their excellent pre-game displays, with a St George’s Flag in the East Stand and the lyrics from “It’s Coming Home” — “I know that was then, but it could be again” — emblazoned in huge letters across the Gallowgate End.

	(Paul Ellis/AFP via Getty Images)

Kieran Trippier, the Newcastle captain, was skipper for the night for his country and he was cheered enthusiastically throughout. Jordan Pickford received a mixed reception, albeit a primarily light-hearted one, given his Sunderland connections, though he was also serenaded with chants of, “England’s No 1”.

It wasn’t a classic — despite the late goals — but even so, the FA should not wait the best part of another two decades to return to Tyneside. The north-east deserves a greater number of international matches — and the paying crowd certainly deserve a slightly better spectacle to return to watch in the future.

Chris Waugh

What did Southgate say?

The England manager was satisfied after the game. “They were an opponent that were dogged, determined,” he told Channel 4.

“Physically, it was a good workout but in the end, a good performance. The scoreline reflected the performance. We had a lot of fresh players to bring in. Once you break that resistance then it starts to come. A lot players that started didn’t have many caps so it was always going to be a sticky start.”

Southgate was pleased with the displays from Eberechi Eze and Cole Palmer: “I thought they both played with the freedom. Ebere has got lovely movement to go past players, he’s got power. A couple of times, Cole was being too precise and if he got his shots away earlier maybe he could’ve got a couple.”

“The great thing is we’ve got through the last few days with no new problems. That’s really important. We needed to get through these first matches to get a clearer picture and the guys rehabbing have done well.”

What next for England?

Friday, June 7: Iceland (H), Friendly, 7.45pm BST, 2.45pm ET

The last game before the first game. After this farewell fixture at Wembley against their 2016 European Championship nemesis, the next time England take to a pitch it will be for their Euro 2024 group-phase opener against Serbia on Sunday, June 16.

Recommended reading
Jude Bellingham: The first time a male English player will spend his peak years abroad?
Ranking the greatest Euros goals of all time: Van Basten, Schick and… Robson-Kanu
The best and worst Euros kits ever: From Dutch perfection to poor old David Seaman
Ben White’s England Euros omission barely registered – but it is still a crying shame

(Top photo: Getty Images)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5535218/2024/06/03/england-bosnia-and-herzegovina-result-analysis/ 
 ----- 
