Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
FOOTBALL
AFCON 2024
AFCON 2024: Algeria knocked out of tournament by Mauritania

Mauritania, meanwhile, are now certain to advance to the knockout phase for the first time in their history. Angola, Gambia and Senegal also all won on Tuesday to advance to the next round.

Le Monde with AFP

Published on January 24, 2024, at 12:50 am (Paris), updated on January 24, 2024, at 7:22 am 

3 min read

Algeria's forward #9 Baghdad Bounedjah reacts after Mauritania won the Africa Cup of Nations (CAN) 2024 group D football match between Mauritania and Algeria at Stade de la Paix in Bouake on January 23, 2024. KENZO TRIBOUILLARD / AFP

Former champions Algeria crashed out of the Africa Cup of Nations in the group stage on Tuesday, January 23, after a shock defeat against Mauritania, but Cameroon secured a last-16 place with a dramatic victory over Gambia.

Algeria won their second AFCON title in Egypt in 2019 but were then sent packing in the group stage at the last edition in Cameroon two years ago with just one point and one goal scored.

This campaign has been equally miserable for Djamel Belmadi's team, who drew their first two matches in Group D against Angola and Burkina Faso but would have qualified for the knockout phase with a point against Mauritania in Bouake.

Yet Mauritania, who had lost their opening two matches in Ivory Coast and had never won in eight previous attempts at the AFCON, ran out 1-0 winners thanks to a 37th-minute goal by captain Mohamed Dellah Yaly, who plays his club football in Iraq.

Read more Favorite teams are in a tricky position at AFCON 2024

The result relegated Algeria – who started the game with off-form Riyad Mahrez on the bench – to bottom spot in their group and they head home having now gone six Cup of Nations matches without winning since beating Senegal 1-0 in the 2019 final.

Mauritania make history

Mauritania, meanwhile, are now certain to advance to the knockout phase for the first time in their history as one of the four best third-placed teams. "Nobody was thinking about Mauritania, but football is like that, full of surprises, and we have been rewarded for all the hard work we have put in," Mauritania coach Amir Abdou told broadcaster Canal Plus Afrique.

Angola finish top of Group D ahead of Burkina Faso after beating the Stallions 2-0 in Yamoussoukro thanks to a goal in each half from Egypt-based striker Mabululu and Zini of AEK Athens. The Angolans are through to the knockout phase for the first time since hosting the tournament in 2010, and will now play a best third-placed team in Bouake in the last 16.

Read more AFCON 2024: Host Côte d'Ivoire on brink of nightmare elimination

Runners-up in 2013 and semi-finalists two years ago, Burkina Faso will head to the northern city of Korhogo for a tie next Tuesday against the winners of Group E, which will be Mali, South Africa or Namibia.

Earlier on Tuesday, five-time champions Cameroon secured qualification for the next round with a 3-2 win over Gambia in an extraordinary match in Bouake. Both teams needed a win to stand a chance of going through from Group C, and Cameroon took the lead early in the second half from a Karl Toko-Ekambi header.

Yet Gambia, quarter-finalists two years ago, drew level on 72 minutes when the unmarked Ablie Jallow finished past Fabrice Ondoa, preferred in goal to Manchester United's Andre Onana. Ebrima Colley then put Gambia ahead five minutes from time, meaning the Indomitable Lions were heading out. However, James Gomez turned a cross into his own net two minutes later to make it 2-2, and Christopher Wooh then headed in Cameroon's winner in stoppage time.

"It is in our DNA, it's just what we are like," Cameroon coach Rigobert Song said when it was put to him that his team never knows when they are beaten. They will now head to Abidjan for a heavyweight last-16 tie against Nigeria on Saturday, while Gambia goes home with three defeats in as many games.

Perfect Senegal, Ghana out

Gambia coach Tom Saintfiet confirmed after the match that he would be leaving his position, despite having a contract until 2026.

Meanwhile, reigning champions Senegal beat Guinea 2-0 in Yamoussoukro to top Group C with a 100% record, with Abdoulaye Seck and Iliman Ndiaye scoring their goals in the second half. They will stay in Yamoussoukro for a last-16 tie next Monday against one of the best third-placed teams, and there is a good chance they will end up playing hosts Ivory Coast who remain in contention to qualify despite coming third in Group A.

Cameroon's comeback relegated Guinea – who had star striker Serhou Guirassy back from injury – to third place, but they will go through to the next round. However, those results condemned four-time champions Ghana to elimination.

The group stage concludes on Wednesday, with South Africa playing Tunisia and Namibia facing Mali in Group E, while Tanzania takes on the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia meet Morocco in Group F.

Le Monde with AFP

Reuse this content
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
Le Monde for hotels
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/football/article/2024/01/24/afcon-2024-algeria-knocked-out-of-tournament-by-mauritania_6459907_130.html 
 ----- 
