SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS
ALGERIA CRASH OUT OF TOURNAMENT AFTER SHOCK DEFEAT TO UNDERDOGS MAURITANIA
Algeria crash out of tournament after shock defeat to underdogs Mauritania
Matt Jones,
23.01.2024 22:08
Magical Mauritania celebrate their winner
AFP
Algeria suffered a shock Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) group stage exit, as they were sensationally beaten 1-0 by minnows Mauritania. Mohamed Dellahi’s first-half goal proved enough to earn the Lions of Chinguetti a famous victory that ensured they progressed to the knockout stages for the first time in their history.

Djamel Belmadi’s side, who needed a win to guarantee progression to the last 16, had plenty of chances to open the scoring early on, as Youcef Atal and Adam Ounas both had shots saved.

Their best opening fell to Houssem Aouar, although he failed to hit the target from close range, squeezing the wrong side of the post when he ought to have done better.

At the other end, Mauritania grew into proceedings, and after Souleymane Anne had forced a terrific stop out of opposition goalkeeper Anthony Mandrea, they took a shock lead through Dellahi.

The Al-Nasr midfielder profited from Omare Gassama’s blocked shot falling his way, coolly hooking home via the inside of the post from 10 yards out. Hitcham Boudaoui then spurned a pair of openings for the Greens before the break, while Aboubakary Koita had a fierce effort beaten away.

Leading at the break, Amir Abdou’s side were on course for their first ever AFCON victory, and they knew a win would see them qualify as one of the tournament’s best third-placed finishers. Algeria, on the other hand, were heading out, and called for the cavalry as Riyad Mahrez was finally introduced for the second period.

They nearly found themselves 2-0 down, though, when a mazy Koita run, which took him past several defenders, ended in a blazed shot over the bar.

At the other end, Babacar Niasse made a pair of stunning saves to keep out Boudaoui’s flicked header and Aïssa Mandi’s point-blank range effort as the Greens started to throw the kitchen sink at their opponents.

As Algeria piled forward, space was left at the back, which was nearly exploited by Aboubakar Kamara, who had a long-range shot palmed to safety, while Ibnou Ba missed an open goal, rattling the woodwork from yards out.

Those squandered chances mattered not, though, as Mauritania registered a fairytale victory - their first-ever against Algeria - who fail to qualify for the knockout stages for the second tournament running.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Mohamed Dellahi (Mauritania)

Mauritania - Algeria player ratings
Flashscore

Check out the match stats with Flashscore.

Share now of Facebook.

MENTIONS
Football
African football
Africa Cup of Nations
Mauritania
Algeria
Related Articles
From elephants to scorpions: The nicknames of all 2023 AFCON participants
11.01.2024 20:06
2023 Africa Cup of Nations: Everything you need to know about fixtures and dates
05.01.2024 15:09
Burkina Faso name squad for African Cup of Nations finals as injured Traore included
20.12.2023 22:21
Show more
Football
Ex-Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy agrees to take charge of Kenya’s Harambee Stars
7 min ago
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
52 min ago
Updated
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
1 h ago
Updated
Maguire admits getting used to 'total opposite' Amorim will be 'tough' for Man Utd
1 h ago
Flashscore Awards: Real Madrid & Manchester City deliver game of 2024 with six-goal thriller
2 h ago
Italy legend Fabio Cannavaro confirmed as new head coach of Dinamo Zagreb
13 h ago
Liverpool's new Dutch hero Arne Slot rounds off near-faultless year
13 h ago
Roma claim rare point on the road after Paulo Dybala strike pegs back AC Milan
14 h ago
Thiago Motta frustrated at wasteful Juventus after yet another draw against Fiorentina
14 h ago
Liverpool put five past West Ham to extend lead at summit of Premier League
16 h ago
Most Read
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
EXCLUSIVE: Why Taiwo Atieno fears Kenya won't produce another Wanyama in the near future
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
Valencia - Real Madrid
Fiorentina - Napoli
Barbastro - Barcelona
FOOTBALL SCORES
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Tottenham - Liverpool
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
Baskonia - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Anadolu Efes
Panathinaikos - Virtus Bologna
Paris - Barcelona
Partizan - Maccabi Tel Aviv
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/mauritania-algeria-report-2024-01-23/rRNSPG96/ 
 ----- 
