HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023: Mauritania vs Algeria: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 21, 2024 at 1:03 PM
Modified at :
January 21, 2024 at 1:03 PM

Govind

0
0
A critical match for AFCON 2019 winners, the Desert Warriors

The Mauritania national football team are currently in the worst position possible before the final group-stage game. In Group D of the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations, the Lions of Chinguetti sit bottom of the group with no points on the table. A win for them is of utmost importance if they want to want to finish third and have a possibility of making the next rounds.

Currently third in Group D, Algeria side is on 2 points which also happens to be 2 points below both Angola and Burkina Faso. The last game against the Stallions proved to be a very tough affair. Baghdad Bounedjah’s 90+5′ goal helped to earn a 2-2 draw. To have a chance at the automatic qualification for the next rounds, a win is critical. However automatic qualification will still be dependent on the Angola versus Burkina Faso fixture.

Kick-off:

Tuesday, 23 January 2024 at 8:00 PM UK

Wednesday, 24 January 2024 at 1:30 AM IST

Location: Stade Bouaké

Form

Mauritania (in all competitions): L-L-D-D-L

Algeria (in all competitions): D-D-W-W-W

Players to Watch
Aboubakary Koita (Mauritania)

Aboubakary Koita’s venomous strike from outside the box came just before the hour mark in the game against Angola. Although his nation failed to score any further, Koita’s performance was a proud moment for Mauritania and its people. The 25-year-old left winger will be an important starter for Amir Abdou’s side on matchday 3.

Baghdad Bounedjah (Algeria)
Baghdad Bounedjah scored a brace in the last game

What a player! Baghdad Bounedjah is single-handedly carrying the weight of scoring goals for his national team. Even with players such as Riyad Mahrez, Houssem Aouar, Islam Slimani and others, it is the 2019 AFCON final scorer who has been scoring all the goals at this Ivory Coast AFCON tournament. A brace on matchday 2 helped Bounedjah reach the peak of the top scorer charts in the tournament.

Match Facts
If Algeria loses the game they are out of the competition
If Mauritania wins the fixture they have a ‘possibility’ of entering the next stages
Even with a win, the Desert Warriors’ automatic spot in the next rounds is dependent on the Angola versus Burkina Faso fixture result
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury & Team News

In the five-goal thriller between Mauritania and Angola, Sidi Bouna Amar and Aboubakary Koita scored a wonderful goal each. Highly unlikely for both players to not start after that performance. No injury concerns for Amir Abdou’s Mauritania at the moment.

The Algeria national football team came back from behind twice against Burkina Faso. Baghdad Bounedjah was the scorer of both goals. Currently leading the top scorer charts, Bounedjah will want more involvement from other stars in his country for this matchday 3 crucial fixture. No injury news from this end as well.

Head to Head

Total Matches – 6

Mauritania wins – 0

Algeria wins – 5

Draws – 1

Predicted Lineup
Mauritania predicted lineup (4-3-3):

Niasse (GK); Keita, Mohamed El Abd, L. Ba, Abeid; Gassama, Fofana, Mouhsine; Amar, P. Ba, Koita

Algeria predicted lineup (4-1-4-1):

Mandrea (GK); Attal, Mandi, Bensebaini, Ait-Nouri; Bentaleb; Mahrez, Feghouli, Zerrouki, Belaili; Bounedjah

Match Prediction for Mauritania vs Algeria

Although Mauritania fought very hard last game, they were unable to churn out a victory. Algeria have also failed to win after two group games, but they have been toe to toe with the top two nations (currently in Group D) – Angola and Burkina Faso. The 2019 AFCON winners have made it hard for themselves to secure a next-round spot by now, but they should however win this tie at least. And also be hopeful of the results at Stade Charles Konan Banny de Yamoussoukro (Angola versus Burkina Faso) to go in their favour.

Prediction: Mauritania 1-2 Algeria

Telecast for Mauritania vs Algeria

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Top 40 fastest football players in the world in 2025
Cristiano Ronaldo doesn't rule out leaving Al-Nassr after end of current contract
Como vs Lecce Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Bologna vs Hellas Verona Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Aston Villa vs Brighton Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Top 40 fastest football players in the world in 2025
Top 11 players with most assists in Premier League history
What does Mumbai City FC need to do in January transfer window?
List of Jamshedpur FC coaches and their performance in ISL
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-afcon-2023-mauritania-vs-algeria-predicted-lineup-injury-news-telecast 
 ----- 
