CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Football
Japan cruise past Myanmar 5-0 in World Cup qualifying

Published: 06 Jun 2024 - 06:20 pm | Last Updated: 06 Jun 2024 - 06:21 pm

Japan's Hiroki Ito (L) and Myanmar's Thein Than Win (R) jump together as they challenge for the ball during the 2026 FIFA World Cup AFC qualifiers football match between Myanmar and Japan at Thuwunna Stadium in Yangon on June 6, 2024. Photo by Sai Aung MAIN / AFP.

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
AFP

Yangon: Japan cruised past Myanmar 5-0 in World Cup qualifying in Yangon on Thursday to maintain their 100 percent record, with their place in the next round already secured.

Keito Nakamura and Ritsu Doan scored in the first half for Hajime Moriyasu's side, before Koki Ogawa grabbed a double and Nakamura added another after the break.

Japan clinched their place in the next round without kicking a ball in March when FIFA said their away game against North Korea would not be rescheduled.

North Korea were supposed to stage the game in the capital Pyongyang but, five days before the game, officials abruptly said the isolated country could not play host, without giving a reason.

Japan are looking to qualify for their eighth straight World Cup in the US, Canada and Mexico in 2026.

The returning Daichi Kamada started in midfield after being dropped for Japan's Asian Cup campaign at the start of the year, and the Lazio man went close with a shot in the 15th minute.

Myanmar enjoyed some early possession but Japan took the lead in the 17th minute through Nakamura.

The Reims attacker ran into space on the left before cutting inside and flashing a shot past goalkeeper Kyaw Zin Phyo from inside the box.

Japan went increased their lead in the 34th minute when Kamada hit the post and Doan was quickest to stuff home the rebound.

Japan struggled to break down Myanmar after the interval but they got their third goal in the 75th minute when Ogawa headed home from close range.

Ogawa bagged his second of the game in the 83rd minute before Nakamura curled home Japan's fifth goal in injury time

Formula One
Isack Hadjar to make F1 debut for Red Bull feeder team in 2025
New Zealander Lawson replaces Perez at Red Bull
Sergio Perez leaves Red Bull F1 team
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
NBA
Mavs star Doncic out for month with calf injury: reports
Lakers pip Warriors after another LeBron-Curry classic
Davis, James spark Lakers over Spurs while Cavs stay perfect
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich sidelined indefinitely with undisclosed illness

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Qatar Central Bank announces year-end holidays for financial institutions
Plane with 181 on board crashes in South Korea, killing 62
What we know about Jeju Air plane crash in South Korea
Paramedic treatment leads to significant improvement in patients’ condition: Study
Transport strategies solidify Qatar’s global position
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
Cambodia pardons jailed surrogate Philippine mothers
No enjoyment, 'just relief' for Guardiola as Man City stop rot at Leicester
Minister of Interior crowns winners of Founder's Purebred Arabian Camel Festival
Qatar condoles Republic of Korea on victims of plane crash at Muan International Airport
Doha Today
Msheireb Academy emerge football champions again
ICBF marks 40th anniversary by inaugurating library
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (December 26-28, 2024)
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2024   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/06/06/2024/japan-cruise-past-myanmar-5-0-in-world-cup-qualifying 
 ----- 
