MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Jonny DeLuca homers to carry Rays past Orioles 2-0
Updated Sep. 8, 2024 3:44 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

BALTIMORE (AP) — Zack Littell and four relievers combined on a five-hit shutout, Jonny DeLuca hit a two-run homer and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 2-0 on Sunday.

Littell and Corbin Burnes were locked in a scoreless duel until the sixth inning, when DeLuca followed a leadoff walk with his sixth home run in 289 at-bats this season, a drive to left that barely cleared the wall.

“That 1-1 slider wasn't a bad pitch,” Burnes insisted. “He kind of went down and got it and put a good swing on it. That's the difference today.”

That was enough to outdo a struggling Baltimore offense that scored only three runs in the three-game series.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

“I'm very encouraged about the pitching and the defense,” Rays manager Kevin Cash said. “To be able to come away with two wins in a three-game set, we've got to be pleased.”

Especially the way things have gone lately. It's the Rays' first series win on the road since early August and the first time they won a series in Baltimore since Aug. 27-29, 2021.

The Orioles, meanwhile, are locked in a duel with the New York Yankees for the top spot in the AL East. After taking two of three from the stumbling White Sox, Baltimore couldn't sustain the momentum against the sub-.500 Rays.

“We kind of go in stretches where it looks like we're coming out of it,” Burnes said. “Two steps forward, one step back. But we're still right there in the hunt. We know we're going to be a postseason team.”

Littell (6-9) was lifted after issuing a leadoff walk in the sixth. The right-hander gave up three hits and permitted only two runners past first base.

Grab Workout Ready Drinkwa...
YETI|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Shop Custom Blinds 100% Online
Blinds.com™|Sponsored
Bill McCartney, who coached Colorado football to only national title, dies at 84
Bill McCartney, a three-time coach of the year in the Big Eight Conference who led Colorado to its only football national championship in 1990, has died. He w...
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.

Edwin Uceta struck out Eloy Jiménez and Anthony Santander with two runners on in the eighth, then worked the ninth to earn his second save.

“Huge performance,” Cash said of Uceta, who struck out Coby Mayo with two on to end it.

Baltimore went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position and stranded nine runners.

“We're having a tough time right now, especially with runners in scoring position,” Santander conceded.

Burnes (13-8) allowed two runs and seven hits over six innings. The 2024 AL All-Star starter is 1-4 in his last five starts.

Burnes allowed three stolen bases, including a double-steal, to up his total this season to a major league high 41 — most in Orioles history.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Rays: LH Jeffrey Springs (left elbow fatigue) was placed on the 15-day IL. Springs made seven starts after being sidelined from March to the end of July while recovering from Tommy John surgery. “It's probably fatigue from coming back and missing some time," Cash said. "Will he come back this year? I feel it’s unlikely." ... 2B Brandon Lowe (finger) missed a third straight game. ... Leadoff hitter Yandy Díaz got the day off. “We're going to be managing the workload on his knee,” Cash said.

Orioles: RH Jacob Webb (elbow) is slated for a rehabilitation stint with Triple-A Norfolk on Tuesday. RH Danny Coulombe (elbow) begins a rehab assignment with Norfolk on Wednesday.

UP NEXT

Rays: Tampa Bay continues its 10-game road trip in Philadelphia on Monday night.

Orioles: Rookie Chad Povich (2-7, 5.76 ERA) starts against Boston at Fenway Park on Monday night.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Blue Jays sign Jeff Hoffman
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Tampa Bay Rays
Major League Baseball
Jonny DeLuca
Corbin Burnes
Zack Littell
New York Yankees
Baltimore Orioles
Tampa Bay Rays
MLB - Tampa Bay Rays vs. Baltimore Orioles - 09/08/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/jonny-deluca-homers-to-carry-rays-past-orioles-20 
 ----- 
