MAJOR WAGER IS LOADING THE PAGE... IF THE PAGE YOU ARE ON DOES NOT LOAD BY NOW
PLEASE CLICK REFRESH OR CLICK HERE TO ACCESS OUR FORUM.

IN SOME CIRCUMSTANCES IF YOU ARE SEEING THIS PAGE, AND IT DOES NOT AUTOMATICALLY CLEAR ITSELF, MAJOR WAGER AND / OR ONLINE SPORTS BETTING IS NOT AVAILABLE IN YOUR REGION YET.
NO DISPONIBLE DISCULPE, MAJOR WAGER NO HA LLEGADO A SU REGIÓN AÚN.

无法使用对不起，品牌还没有来到你的地
We value your privacy! We use cookies to improve your browsing experience, provide personalized content and ads, analyze our traffic, and understand where our visitors are coming from.

By clicking "Accept All Cookies," you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. You can manage your cookie preferences by clicking on "Manage Settings." You can also read our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy to learn more about how we use cookies and how you can control them.
X Close Window Accept Cookies
 
Tigers vs Athletics match player stats Saturday, September 7th 2024. Detroit Tigers at Oakland Athletics Series Game 2
MajorWager | September 7, 2024
DET @ OAK

Todays Series Game 2 Matchup Details
Detroit Tigers at Oakland Athletics
Series Game 2
Todays Game is on Saturday, September 7th
07/09/24 16:07:00 PM EST First Pitch
Positive Match Player Stats for Tigers vs Athletics Series Game 2 Series Game 2 Matchup Today

Oakland Coliseum has the 8th-smallest outfield in MLB , — generally good for long-balls.

, As far as temperature and humidity go, the 5th-most suitable hitting weather on the schedule is expected for this contest.

, Daz Cameron will have the handedness advantage over Brant Hurter today… and even better, Hurter has a large platoon split.

, Among every team today, the 5th-weakest infield defense belongs to the Detroit Tigers.

, Daz Cameron will possess the home field advantage today, which ought to improve all of his stats.

, Tyler Nevin is penciled in 5th on the lineup card today.

, Tyler Nevin will receive the benefit of the platoon advantage against Brant Hurter today… and even more favorably, Hurter has a large platoon split.

, Tyler Nevin will possess the home field advantage in today’s matchup, which figures to boost all of his stats.

, Parker Meadows is projected to hit 1st in the batting order in this matchup, which would be an upgrade from his 61% rate of hitting in the bottom-half of the lineup this season.

, Parker Meadows will hold the platoon advantage over Osvaldo Bido in today’s matchup.

, In the past 7 days, Parker Meadows’s Barrel% has experienced a surge, jumping from his seasonal rate of 8.9% up to 15.4%.

, Parker Meadows has seen a sizeable increase in his exit velocity lately; just compare his 89.8-mph average in the last week to his seasonal 87.6-mph average.

, Batting from the opposite that Osvaldo Bido throws from, Trey Sweeney will have an edge today.

, Spencer Torkelson has made sizeable improvements with his Barrel% in recent games, upping his 6.9% seasonal rate to 28.6% in the last 7 days.

, In the last two weeks, Spencer Torkelson’s 34.6% rate of hitting balls at a HR-maximizing launch angle (between 23° and 34°) shows big improvement over his seasonal rate of 19.4%.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) projects Lawrence Butler in the 83rd percentile as it relates to his overall offensive ability.

, Lawrence Butler is projected to bat 1st in the batting order in this game.

, Home field advantage generally improves batter metrics across the board, and Lawrence Butler will hold that advantage today.

, Shea Langeliers is penciled in 3rd in the lineup in today’s game.

, Considering Brant Hurter’s large platoon split, Shea Langeliers will have a gigantic advantage hitting from the opposite side of the plate in today’s game.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) projects Spencer Torkelson in the 88th percentile as it relates to his home run talent.

, As it relates to his overall offensive skill, Kerry Carpenter ranks in the 89th percentile according to the leading projections (THE BAT X).

, Kerry Carpenter is projected to hit 4th in the batting order in this game.

, Hitting from the opposite that Osvaldo Bido throws from, Kerry Carpenter will have an edge today.

, Kerry Carpenter has made substantial gains with his Barrel%, improving his 10.3% rate last year to 17.2% this year.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) projects Zack Gelof in the 90th percentile as it relates to his BABIP ability.

, Zack Gelof will have the benefit of the platoon advantage against Brant Hurter in today’s game… and even better, Hurter has a large platoon split.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) projects Shea Langeliers in the 96th percentile when assessing his home run skill.

, When estimating his overall offensive talent, J.J. Bleday ranks in the 79th percentile according to the leading projections (THE BAT X).

, J.J. Bleday is projected to bat 4th on the lineup card today.

, Hitters such as J.J. Bleday with extreme flyball tendencies are usually more effective when facing pitchers like Brant Hurter who skew towards the groundball end of the spectrum.

, Home field advantage generally improves batter metrics in all categories, and J.J. Bleday will hold that advantage today.

, Colt Keith is penciled in 5th in the batting order in today’s game.

, Hitting from the opposite that Osvaldo Bido throws from, Colt Keith will have the upper hand in today’s matchup.

, Jacob Wilson will have the handedness advantage against Brant Hurter today… and even better, Hurter has a large platoon split.

, Home field advantage generally improves batter stats across the board, and Jacob Wilson will hold that advantage today.

, Max Schuemann will receive the benefit of the platoon advantage against Brant Hurter in today’s matchup… and even better, Hurter has a large platoon split.

, Home field advantage typically boosts hitter metrics in all categories, and Max Schuemann will hold that advantage in today’s game.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) projects Colt Keith in the 79th percentile when assessing his batting average talent.

, Based on Statcast metrics, Colt Keith is in the 81st percentile via the leading projection system (THE BAT X)’s version of Expected Batting Average this year at .271.

, Jace Jung has primarily hit in the back-half of the lineup this year (53% of the time), but he is projected to bat 2nd in the lineup in this matchup.

, Batting from the opposite that Osvaldo Bido throws from, Jace Jung will have the upper hand in today’s matchup.

, Jace Jung’s ability to hit the ball at a HR-optimizing launch angle (between 23° and 34°) has improved of late, rising from 20.6% on the season to 27.3% over the past week.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) projects Jacob Wilson in the 92nd percentile when estimating his batting average ability.

, When it comes to his BABIP talent, Riley Greene is projected as the 5th-best hitter in the game by the leading projection system (THE BAT X).

, Riley Greene is projected to bat 3rd on the lineup card in this game.

, Riley Greene will hold the platoon advantage over Osvaldo Bido in today’s game.

, Riley Greene has made notable improvements with his Barrel% in recent games, improving his 14.1% seasonal rate to 27.3% in the last two weeks’ worth of games.

, According to the leading projection system (THE BAT X), Brent Rooker ranks as the 20th-best hitter in the game.

, Brent Rooker is projected to hit 2nd in the lineup in this matchup.

, Brent Rooker will receive the benefit of the platoon advantage against Brant Hurter today… and moreover, Hurter has a large platoon split.

, When estimating his home run talent, Lawrence Butler ranks in the 87th percentile according to the leading projection system (THE BAT X).

, Lawrence Butler has made big strides with his Barrel% in recent games, upping his 13.2% seasonal rate to 25.5% in the last two weeks’ worth of games.

, Tyler Nevin has had bad variance on his side thus far when it comes to his wOBA this year; his .274 figure is quite a bit lower than his .302 Expected wOBA, based on the leading projection system (THE BAT X)’s interpretation of Statcast data.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) ranks Brent Rooker as the game’s 8th-best home run hitter.

, When it comes to his wOBA and overall offense, Daz Cameron has had some very poor luck this year. His .258 mark falls considerably below the leading projection system (THE BAT X)’s version of Statcast-based Expected wOBA (xwOBA) at .309.

, The Oakland Athletics have 7 hitters in the projected offense that will receive the benefit of the platoon advantage against Brant Hurter in this game, which is especially precarious given his large platoon split.

, Given that flyball pitchers struggle the most against groundball hitters, Brant Hurter (47.8% FB% via the leading projection system, THE BAT) will be a bit disadvantaged in this matchup with 2 GB hitters in Oakland’s projected batting order.

, Playing on the road typically lowers pitcher stats in all categories due to the lack of home field advantage, which figures to be the case for Brant Hurter in today’s matchup.

, In the past 14 days, Max Schuemann’s 35.7% rate of hitting balls at a HR-optimizing launch angle (between 23° and 34°) shows big improvement over his seasonal rate of 21.8%.

, The Oakland Athletics have 4 hitters in their projected batting order today with a high (i.e. over 27%) underlying K% (according to the leading projection system, THE BAT X) (Shea Langeliers, Zack Gelof, Brent Rooker, Lawrence Butler).

, Spencer Torkelson’s launch angle this year (20.2°) is significantly better than his 17.1° angle last year.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) projects Zack Gelof in the 82nd percentile as it relates to his home run skill.

, Zack Gelof will hold the home field advantage today, which figures to improve all of his stats.

, As it relates to his overall offensive talent, Riley Greene ranks in the 94th percentile according to the leading projections (THE BAT X).

Negative Match Player Stats with Tigers vs Athletics Series Game 2

Daz Cameron is projected to bat 6th on the lineup card in this game.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT) ranks Oakland Coliseum as the 5th-worst ballpark in baseball for righty batting average.

, Oakland Coliseum’s altitude is near sea-level, one of the lowest among all stadiums, which tends to lead to worse offense.

, In the past week’s worth of games, Daz Cameron’s Barrel% has experienced a negative regression, plummeting from his seasonal rate of 9.3% down to 0%.

, In the last 7 days, Daz Cameron’s exit velocity on flyballs has lowered from his seasonal average of 92.5 mph to 88.8 mph.

, Oakland Coliseum projects as the #28 stadium in the league for overall RHB offense, via the leading projection system (THE BAT).

, In today’s game, Tyler Nevin is at a disadvantage facing the league’s 10th-deepest RF fences given that he hits his flyballs to the opposite field at a 40.3% rate (98th percentile).

, With a .242 BABIP this year, Tyler Nevin finds himself in the 23rd percentile.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT) profiles Oakland Coliseum as the 5th-worst field in Major League Baseball for lefty batting average.

, In today’s game, Parker Meadows is at a disadvantage facing the league’s 10th-deepest RF fences given that he hits his flyballs to the pull field at a 33.8% rate (80th percentile).

, The Oakland Athletics infield defense grades out as the 5th-strongest among every team today.

, Parker Meadows will be at a disadvantage playing on the visting team in today’s matchup.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) projects Trey Sweeney in the 18th percentile when estimating his batting average talent.

, Trey Sweeney is projected to bat 8th in the lineup in this game.

, In MLB, Oakland Coliseum’s RF dimensions are the 10th-deepest.

, Spencer Torkelson is projected to bat 6th on the lineup card today.

, Osvaldo Bido will have the handedness advantage over Spencer Torkelson today.

, Extreme groundball bats like Spencer Torkelson tend to perform worse against extreme groundball pitchers like Osvaldo Bido.

, Brant Hurter will have the handedness advantage against Lawrence Butler today… and it’s an over-sized mismatch considering Hurter’s large platoon split.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) estimates Lawrence Butler’s true offensive skill to be a .323, indicating that he has been very fortunate this year given the .030 discrepancy between that figure and his actual .353 wOBA.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) projects Shea Langeliers in the 17th percentile when it comes to his BABIP skill.

, Sporting a .228 Expected Batting Average (an advanced metric created by the leading projection system (THE BAT X) utilizing Statcast data) this year , Shea Langeliers is ranked in the 20th percentile.

, Shea Langeliers has exhibited weak plate discipline this year, placing in the 23rd percentile with a 3.73 K/BB rate.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT) profiles Oakland Coliseum as the 3rd-worst venue in Major League Baseball for boosting offensive stats to left-handed hitters.

, Playing on the road typically lessens batter metrics in all categories due to the lack of home field advantage, which figures to be the case for Kerry Carpenter in today’s matchup.

, Zack Gelof is projected to hit 7th in the lineup in today’s game.

, In the past week, Zack Gelof’s exit velocity on flyballs has dropped off from his seasonal EV of 93.6 mph to 81.7 mph.

, Zack Gelof’s ability to hit the ball at a HR-maximizing launch angle (between 23° and 34°) has fallen off lately, going from 17.2% on the season to 0% in the past 7 days.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT) ranks Oakland Coliseum as the worst ballpark in baseball for right-handed home runs.

, Oakland Coliseum projects as the #30 park in the game for LHB home runs, via the leading projection system (THE BAT).

, Because of Brant Hurter’s large platoon split, J.J. Bleday will be at a massive disadvantage hitting from the same side of the plate in this game.

, Despite posting a .339 wOBA this year, the leading projection system (THE BAT X) believes J.J. Bleday has had positive variance on his side given the .020 discrepancy between that figure and his estimated true talent wOBA of .319.

, Playing on the road typically reduces hitter metrics across the board due to the lack of home field advantage, which should be the case for Colt Keith today.

, In the last week’s worth of games, Colt Keith’s Barrel% has experienced a negative regression, plummeting from his seasonal rate of 5.7% down to 0%.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) projects Jacob Wilson in the 7th percentile when assessing his home run ability.

, Jacob Wilson is penciled in 9th in the batting order in today’s game.

, Extreme flyball bats like Jacob Wilson tend to be less successful against extreme flyball pitchers like Brant Hurter.

, Max Schuemann is penciled in 8th in the lineup in today’s game.

, Max Schuemann’s exit velocity on flyballs has decreased recently; his 91.2-mph seasonal average has fallen off to 84.1-mph over the past 7 days.

, Using Statcast data, Max Schuemann ranks in the 22nd percentile according to the leading projection system (THE BAT X)’s version of Expected Batting Average this year at .229.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) projects Jace Jung in the 16th percentile as it relates to his batting average skill.

, Jacob Wilson has been cold lately, posting a 0% Barrel% (an advanced metric to study power) over the past 14 days.

, Playing on the road generally weakens hitter stats in all categories due to the lack of home field advantage, which figures to be the case for Riley Greene in today’s game.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) estimates Kerry Carpenter’s true offensive ability to be a .332, implying that he has been very fortunate this year given the .056 deviation between that figure and his actual .388 wOBA.

, Posting a 12.800 Expected Home Runs per 600 plate appearances (an advanced metric created by the leading projection system (THE BAT X) based on Statcast data) this year , Max Schuemann grades out in the 25th percentile for power.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) projects Trey Sweeney in the 19th percentile as it relates to his overall offensive skill.

, In the last week’s worth of games, Brent Rooker’s Barrel% has experienced a negative regression, plummeting from his seasonal rate of 17.3% down to 10.5%.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) estimates Brent Rooker’s true offensive ability to be a .358, providing some evidence that he has experienced some positive variance this year given the .039 difference between that figure and his actual .397 wOBA.

, Based on Statcast metrics, the leading projection system (THE BAT X)’s version of Expected HR per 600 plate appearances (26.2) may lead us to conclude that Lawrence Butler has had positive variance on his side this year with his 34.3 actual HR/600.

, Jace Jung will be at a disadvantage playing as a visiting player in today’s matchup.

, Jace Jung has been cold of late, with his seasonal exit velocity of 85.9-mph dropping to 83-mph in the past week.

, Shea Langeliers has notched a .255 BABIP this year, checking in at the 12th percentile.

, The Oakland Athletics have been the 3rd-luckiest offense in the game this year, according to the leading projection system (THE BAT X), and are likely to perform worse in the future, Jake Rogers, the Tigers’s expected catcher in today’s game, profiles as an elite pitch framer according to the leading projection system (THE BAT).

, Oakland Coliseum ranks as the #30 field in baseball for home runs, according to the leading projection system (THE BAT).

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) projects J.J. Bleday in the 9th percentile when assessing his BABIP talent.

, Taking into account both his underlying tendencies and the matchup, Brant Hurter is projected to throw 77 pitches in today’s matchup by the leading projection system (THE BAT X) system, which is the 4th-least of all pitchers on the slate today.

, The leading projection system (THE BAT X) estimates Riley Greene’s true offensive skill to be a .342, implying that he has had some very good luck this year given the .013 disparity between that mark and his actual .355 wOBA.

Latest Oakland Athletics Match Player Stats
Oakland Athletics at Seattle Mariners match player stats | Series Game 3 Sunday, September 29th
Athletics vs Mariners match player stats | Series Game 2 Saturday, September 28th Oakland Athletics at Seattle Mariners
Athletics vs Mariners match player stats Friday, September 27th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Seattle Mariners
Rangers vs Athletics match player stats Thursday, September 26th 2024. Texas Rangers at Oakland Athletics Series Game 3
Rangers vs Athletics match player stats Wednesday, September 25th 2024. Texas Rangers at Oakland Athletics Series Game 2
Rangers vs Athletics match player stats Tuesday, September 24th 2024. Texas Rangers at Oakland Athletics
Yankees vs Athletics match player stats Sunday, September 22nd 2024. New York Yankees at Oakland Athletics Series Game 3
Yankees vs Athletics match player stats Saturday, September 21st 2024. New York Yankees at Oakland Athletics Series Game 2
Yankees vs Athletics match player stats Friday, September 20th 2024. New York Yankees at Oakland Athletics
Athletics vs Cubs match player stats Wednesday, September 18th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Chicago Cubs Series Game 3
Athletics vs Cubs match player stats Tuesday, September 17th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Chicago Cubs Series Game 2
Athletics vs Cubs match player stats Monday, September 16th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Chicago Cubs
Athletics vs White Sox match player stats Sunday, September 15th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Chicago White Sox Series Game 3
Athletics vs White Sox match player stats Saturday, September 14th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Chicago White Sox Series Game 2
Athletics vs White Sox match player stats Friday, September 13th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Chicago White Sox
Athletics vs Astros match player stats Thursday, September 12th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Houston Astros Series Game 3
Athletics vs Astros match player stats Wednesday, September 11th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Houston Astros Series Game 2
Athletics vs Astros match player stats Tuesday, September 10th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Houston Astros
Tigers vs Athletics match player stats Sunday, September 8th 2024. Detroit Tigers at Oakland Athletics Series Game 3
Tigers vs Athletics match player stats Friday, September 6th 2024. Detroit Tigers at Oakland Athletics
Mariners vs Athletics match player stats Thursday, September 5th 2024. Seattle Mariners at Oakland Athletics Series Game 4
Mariners vs Athletics match player stats Wednesday, September 4th 2024. Seattle Mariners at Oakland Athletics Series Game 3
Mariners vs Athletics match player stats Tuesday, September 3rd 2024. Seattle Mariners at Oakland Athletics Series Game 2
Mariners vs Athletics match player stats Monday, September 2nd 2024. Seattle Mariners at Oakland Athletics
Athletics vs Rangers match player stats Sunday, September 1st 2024. Oakland Athletics at Texas Rangers Series Game 3
Athletics vs Rangers match player stats Saturday, August 31st 2024. Oakland Athletics at Texas Rangers Series Game 2
Athletics vs Rangers match player stats Friday, August 30th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Texas Rangers
Athletics vs Reds match player stats Thursday, August 29th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Cincinnati Reds Series Game 3
Athletics vs Reds match player stats Wednesday, August 28th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Cincinnati Reds Series Game 2
Athletics vs Reds match player stats Tuesday, August 27th 2024. Oakland Athletics at Cincinnati Reds
Brewers vs Athletics match player stats Sunday, August 25th 2024. Milwaukee Brewers at Oakland Athletics Series Game 3
Brewers vs Athletics match player stats Saturday, August 24th 2024. Milwaukee Brewers at Oakland Athletics Series Game 2
Brewers vs Athletics match player stats Friday, August 23rd 2024. Milwaukee Brewers at Oakland Athletics
Rays vs Athletics match player stats Thursday, August 22nd 2024. Tampa Bay Rays at Oakland Athletics Series Game 4
Rays vs Athletics match player stats Wednesday, August 21st 2024. Tampa Bay Rays at Oakland Athletics Series Game 3
Rays vs Athletics match player stats Tuesday, August 20th 2024. Tampa Bay Rays at Oakland Athletics Game 2
Latest Detroit Tigers Match Player Stats
Tigers at Guardians match player stats | Series Game 5 Saturday, October 12th 2024 MLB Postseason
Guardians at Tigers match player stats | Series Game 4 Thursday, October 10th 2024 MLB Postseason
Guardians at Tigers match player stats | Series Game 3 Wednesday, October 9th 2024 MLB Postseason
Detroit Tigers at Cleveland Guardians match player stats | Series Game 2 Monday, October 7th MLB Postseason
Detroit Tigers at Cleveland Guardians match player stats | Saturday, October 5th MLB Postseason
Detroit Tigers at Houston Astros match player stats | Series Game 2 Wednesday, October 2nd MLB Postseason
Detroit Tigers at Houston Astros match player stats | Tuesday, October 1st MLB Postseason
Chicago White Sox at Detroit Tigers match player stats | Series Game 3 Sunday, September 29th
White Sox vs Tigers match player stats | Series Game 2 Saturday, September 28th Chicago White Sox at Detroit Tigers
White Sox vs Tigers match player stats Friday, September 27th 2024. Chicago White Sox at Detroit Tigers
Rays vs Tigers match player stats Thursday, September 26th 2024. Tampa Bay Rays at Detroit Tigers Series Game 3
Rays vs Tigers match player stats Wednesday, September 25th 2024. Tampa Bay Rays at Detroit Tigers Series Game 2
Rays vs Tigers match player stats Tuesday, September 24th 2024. Tampa Bay Rays at Detroit Tigers
Tigers vs Orioles match player stats Sunday, September 22nd 2024. Detroit Tigers at Baltimore Orioles Series Game 3
Tigers vs Orioles match player stats Saturday, September 21st 2024. Detroit Tigers at Baltimore Orioles Series Game 2
Tigers vs Orioles match player stats Friday, September 20th 2024. Detroit Tigers at Baltimore Orioles
Tigers vs Royals match player stats Wednesday, September 18th 2024. Detroit Tigers at Kansas City Royals Series Game 3
Tigers vs Royals match player stats Tuesday, September 17th 2024. Detroit Tigers at Kansas City Royals Series Game 2
Tigers vs Royals match player stats Monday, September 16th 2024. Detroit Tigers at Kansas City Royals
Orioles vs Tigers match player stats Sunday, September 15th 2024. Baltimore Orioles at Detroit Tigers Series Game 3
Orioles vs Tigers match player stats Saturday, September 14th 2024. Baltimore Orioles at Detroit Tigers Series Game 2
Orioles vs Tigers match player stats Friday, September 13th 2024. Baltimore Orioles at Detroit Tigers
Rockies vs Tigers match player stats Thursday, September 12th 2024. Colorado Rockies at Detroit Tigers Series Game 3
Rockies vs Tigers match player stats Wednesday, September 11th 2024. Colorado Rockies at Detroit Tigers Series Game 2
Rockies vs Tigers match player stats Tuesday, September 10th 2024. Colorado Rockies at Detroit Tigers
Tigers vs Athletics match player stats Sunday, September 8th 2024. Detroit Tigers at Oakland Athletics Series Game 3
Tigers vs Athletics match player stats Friday, September 6th 2024. Detroit Tigers at Oakland Athletics
Tigers vs Padres match player stats Thursday, September 5th 2024. Detroit Tigers at San Diego Padres Series Game 3
Tigers vs Padres match player stats Wednesday, September 4th 2024. Detroit Tigers at San Diego Padres Series Game 2
Tigers vs Padres match player stats Monday, September 2nd 2024. Detroit Tigers at San Diego Padres
Red Sox vs Tigers match player stats Sunday, September 1st 2024. Boston Red Sox at Detroit Tigers Series Game 3
Red Sox vs Tigers match player stats Saturday, August 31st 2024. Boston Red Sox at Detroit Tigers Series Game 2
Red Sox vs Tigers match player stats Friday, August 30th 2024. Boston Red Sox at Detroit Tigers
Angels vs Tigers match player stats Thursday, August 29th 2024. Los Angeles Angels at Detroit Tigers Series Game 3
Angels vs Tigers match player stats Wednesday, August 28th 2024. Los Angeles Angels at Detroit Tigers Series Game 2
Angels vs Tigers match player stats Tuesday, August 27th 2024. Los Angeles Angels at Detroit Tigers
Tigers vs White Sox match player stats Monday, August 26th 2024. Detroit Tigers at Chicago White Sox Series Game 4
Tigers vs White Sox match player stats Sunday, August 25th 2024. Detroit Tigers at Chicago White Sox Series Game 3
Tigers vs White Sox match player stats Saturday, August 24th 2024. Detroit Tigers at Chicago White Sox Series Game 2
Tigers vs White Sox match player stats Friday, August 23rd 2024. Detroit Tigers at Chicago White Sox
Tigers vs Cubs match player stats Thursday, August 22nd 2024. Detroit Tigers at Chicago Cubs Series Game 3
Tigers vs Cubs match player stats Wednesday, August 21st 2024. Detroit Tigers at Chicago Cubs Series Game 2
Categories: MLB Betting Forum Tags: Athletics, DET, Detroit Tigers, Feed, GB, Hits, home, Home Runs, Match Player Stats, MLB, OAK, Oakland Athletics, SEA, stats, Tigers
Related Articles
Dodgers vs Yankees match player stats | 2024 World Series Game 5 Wednesday, October 30th
Dodgers vs Yankees match player stats | 2024 World Series Game 4 Tuesday, October 29th
Dodgers vs Yankees match player stats | 2024 World Series Game 3 Monday, October 28th
Yankees vs Dodgers match player stats | 2024 World Series Game 1 Friday, October 25th
Mets vs Dodgers match player stats | Series Game 6 Sunday, October 20th 2024 MLB Postseason
Yankees vs Guardians match player stats | Series Game 5 Saturday, October 19th 2024 MLB Postseason
Dodgers vs Mets match player stats | Series Game 5 Friday, October 18th 2024 MLB Postseason
Yankees vs Guardians match player stats | Series Game 4 Friday, October 18th 2024 MLB Postseason
Yankees vs Guardians match player stats | Series Game 3 Thursday, October 17th 2024 MLB Postseason
Dodgers vs Mets match player stats | Series Game 4 Thursday, October 17th 2024 MLB Postseason
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
TM


MAJOR WAGER SPORTS FORUM
LEADERS IN SPORTS BETTING ANALYSIS SINCE 1997

 

© 2025 MAJOR WAGER BY CDN MARKETING LLC
INFO@MAJORWAGER.COM
TERMS & CONDITIONS




 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.majorwager.com/mlb/tigers-athletics-september-7th-2024-match-players-stats/ 
 ----- 
