Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
9 months ago
SportFootball
Wales vs Poland LIVE: Euro 2024 play-off final result and reaction as Dragons defeated in penalty shootout

Wales 0-0 Poland (4-5 after penalties): Rob Page’s men fail to reach Euro 2024 after penalty heartbreak

Michael Jones
Tuesday 26 March 2024 19:21 EDT
0
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
0 seconds of 1 minute, 47 secondsVolume 0%
00:00
01:47
More Videos
 
Wales manager Page says "there's nerves" ahead of Euro 2024 qualifier against Poland
Your support helps us to tell the story
SUPPORT NOW

From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging.

At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story.

The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it.

Your support makes all the difference.
Read more

Wales failed to secure a place at Euro 2024 after losing their play-off final against Poland in a heart-breaking penalty shootout. The match remained goalless through the first 120 minutes with Wales managing to hold on through extra-time in a competitive match for the first time in their history.

They were the better team for the majority of the evening. Kieffer Moore was a consistent threat in the air and was denied a couple of times from the goalkeeping heroics of Wojciech Szczesny. Ben Davies, expertly marking Robert Lewandowski throughout, had a goal disallowed on the stroke of half-time through a marginal offside.

Wales were unable to take advantage during the second half and the match came down to a shootout. Poland, led by Lewandowski, scored a perfect five meaning Daniel James needed to score to keep the shootout on track. He shot to Szczesny’s right and the goalkeeper leapt across to palm the ball away and send his nation into Euro 2024 this summer.

Relive the action below plus get the latest odds and tips for the match right here:

RECOMMENDED
Wales ‘prepared for tough challenge’ of Euro 2024 play-off final against Poland, says Rob Page
The two factors Wales must exploit to beat Poland and reach Euro 2024
WALES VS POLAND LIVE
Wales suffer penalty shootout heartbreak as Poland clinch final Euro 2024 place
Wales defeated in Euro 2024 play-off final as Poland win penalty shootout 5-4
Poland secure spot at this summer’s tournament in Germany
120’ RED CARD! - Mepham is sent off for a second bookable offence (WAL 0-0 POL)
90+4’ FT - Wales vs Poland goes to extra-time to decide final Euro 2024 spot (WAL 0-0 POL)
49’ CLOSE! - Moore’s header is pushed wide by Szczesny (WAL 0-0 POL)
45’ DISALLOWED! - Davies’ headed goal is ruled out for offside (WAL 0-0 POL)
18’ CHANCE! - Davies heads a corner over the crossbar (WAL 0-0 POL)
Pinned
Wales suffer penalty shootout heartbreak as Poland clinch final Euro 2024 place

Wales suffered heartbreak in their first-ever penalty shoot-out as Poland booked their place at Euro 2024 after a goalless 120 minutes.

Spot-kicks were needed on a tense evening in which Ben Davies had a first-half header disallowed for offside but chances were scarce in this play-off final.

Wales were reduced to 10 in the final seconds as Chris Mepham was banished for a second yellow card and Cardiff City Stadium held its breath following an impromptu rendition of the national anthem.

Wales suffer penalty shootout heartbreak as Poland clinch final Euro 2024 place

Wales 0-0 Poland (4-5 on penalties): Daniel James’ spot-kick was saved as Wales missed out on a third successive European Championship.

Mike Jones26 March 2024 23:08
Promoted stories
The Biden Administration Should Approve Nippon Steel/U.S. Steel
IKE BRANNON
Read More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
9 months ago
Wales manager Rob Page speaking on S4C:

“It’s a cruel game, that’s what I’ve said to the players, one kick away from qualifying. It hurts. I thought we were the better team, my message to the players at half-time was we are the better team, we will win this game.

“It’s so disappointing but look how far we’ve come, there’s something good happening with this group. We rallied around Daniel James, he had the bravery to take that penalty, I am so proud of that group.”

On his future, he commented: “This team is going somewhere, they’re so disappointed that they haven’t qualified tonight. They’re hungry for it, there’s a lot more to come and plenty more good times ahead.”

Mike Jones26 March 2024 23:10
9 months ago
Poland reach Euro 2024 after defeating Wales 5-4 on penalties

Reaction from Wales captain Ben Davies who spoke Sgorio: “It’s a difficult one to take, we put everything into the game but in the end it wasn’t to be.

“I don’t know what to say, it was a good performance but in the end the result is the most important thing and that went against us tonight.

“They’re a good team, there wasn’t much between us tonight but in the end penalties it’s cruel. It’s an emotional one right now, the character shown from the players showed everyone loves playing for Wales.”

Mike Jones26 March 2024 23:00
9 months ago
Poland reach Euro 2024 after defeating Wales 5-4 on penalties

Former Wales midfielder Joe Allen speaking on Sgorio: “On Dan James he’s been a crucial player for Wales over the recent years.

“He’s one of the main reasons we went to the World Cup and the Euros before that, everyone will support him and will remember what he’s done for Wales not just a penalty miss.”

Mike Jones26 March 2024 22:53
9 months ago
Poland reach Euro 2024 after defeating Wales 5-4 on penalties

Wales are a team in transition after the loss of Gareth Bale due to retirement. They couldn’t call on Aaron Ramsey either and have a young squad that will learn from this defeat.

It’s a heartbreaking loss for them but they’ll come back stronger for the experience.

Mike Jones26 March 2024 22:48
9 months ago
Poland reach Euro 2024 after defeating Wales 5-4 on penalties

Reaction from former Wales midfielder Joe Allen speaking on Sgorio: “Such a cruel way to end a game, so sad for Dan James.

“It’s disappointing not to go to Germany but I’m so proud of the boys in what they’ve done over the last two years. The future is a bright one for Wales, after this summer focus will turn to the World Cup campaign.”

Mike Jones26 March 2024 22:45
9 months ago
Poland reach Euro 2024 after defeating Wales 5-4 on penalties
(Nick Potts/PA Wire)
(Nick Potts/PA Wire)
(REUTERS)
Mike Jones26 March 2024 22:39
9 months ago
Poland reach Euro 2024 after defeating Wales 5-4 on penalties

The Polish players start the celebrations. The Welsh players are heartbroken. Dan James looks gutted. Wales have been beaten in a penalty shootout.

Poland are heading to Euro 2024. Wales miss out on another major tournament appearance.

Mike Jones26 March 2024 22:30
9 months ago
Penalties: Wales 4-5 Poland

Dan James has to score to keep Wales in contention.

Saved! Wojiech Szczesny leaps to the right and palms the ball away!

Mike Jones26 March 2024 22:29
Promoted stories
The All-New Buick Envision Has Arrived & It's Turning Heads (Take A Look)
POPULARSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
9 months ago
Penalties: Wales 4-5 Poland

Krzysztof Piatek is the last man up for Poland of the initial five takers. He scores, a clean sweep for Poland.

Mike Jones26 March 2024 22:28
Newer
1
 / 12
Older
More aboutWales footballPoland FootballEuro 2024Robert Lewandowski
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
Promoted stories
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
COMMONSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Click Here
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
HOME VALUE LOOKUP|Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
TRUESEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
The All New Mind Blowing Honda CRV Is Finally Here (Take a Look)
CROSSOVERS | TOP SEARCHER NOW|Sponsored
Learn More
2024 Senior SUV Is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
BESTSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Click Here
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensio...
SENIORS ELECTRIC CARS AT LOW PRICES|Sponsored
8 Silent Crohn's Disease Symp toms In Women
CROHN'S DISEASE SYMPTOMS | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
2024 Hyundai's Are Turning Heads
SEARCHTOPICS | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Learn More
TRAVEL
Hundreds saved on Christmas Eve after driver jumps from high-spee...
NEWS
Family of missing father ‘ripped to pieces’ after he failed to fly home f...
7.5% High Yield CD! Find High CD Interest Rates Now
CD INTEREST RATES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Read More
Exhausted and burnt out: How a five-day de-stress programme helped me recover
All the symptoms of burning out were there and Lucie Grace had tried taking a break but nothing seemed to calm her racing mind. Until...
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
1 Year Jumbo CD Rates For Seniors May Surprise
WALLSTREET VIRAL|Sponsored
Search Now
District Of Columbia Residents Are Ditching Knee Pain With This
REJUVAKNEE | KNEE-PAIN RELIEF|Sponsored
NEWS
Woman charged with murder of father-of-six on Christmas Day
LIFESTYLE
Zoe Ball and Fatboy Slim’s son shares sad family news as tough...
Celebrity's endocrinologists: If You Have High Blood Sugar, Try This Japanese Ritual [See More]
SUGAR REVERSE|Sponsored
Learn More
NEWS
Model found dead from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning at Hallmark actor’s home
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/football/wales-poland-live-stream-score-result-b2518846.html 
 ----- 
