TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Christmas
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Download Our App
Home
TV
Sport
Football
What channel is Wales v Poland Euro 2024 play-off final on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What channel is Wales v Poland Euro 2024 play-off final on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

Check out how to watch Wales v Poland in the Euro 2024 play-off final, including TV channel, radio coverage and kick-off time.

Getty Images
Michael Potts
Published: Friday, 22 March 2024 at 0:37 pm
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

Wales are 90 minutes away from Euro 2024. They are so incredibly near, yet so far away.

The Welsh must face up to Poland in the Path A play-off final at the Cardiff City Stadium on Tuesday night.

David Brooks set Wales on the path to a 4-1 victory in the semi-finals against Finland with a third-minute nerve-settler.

Watch Wales v Poland on Viaplay Sports 1

Neco Williams and Brennan Johnson notched either side of Teemu Pukki for the visitors, before Dan James rubber-stamped the victory with a late fourth.

Boss Rob Page will be determined for his men to produce a massive, steely performance against the Poles, who thrashed 10-man Estonia 5-1 in their semi-final. Keeping Robert Lewandowski quiet will be Wales's primary aim.

More like this
What channel is Wales v Turkey Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

RadioTimes.com has rounded up everything you need to know about how to watch Wales v Poland on TV and online.

Read more football features: Best players in the world | Best players of all time | Live football on TV today | Premier League TV schedule | Championship TV schedule

When is Wales v Poland?

Wales v Poland will take place on Tuesday 26th March 2024.

Check out our live football on TV guide for the latest times and information.

Wales v Poland kick-off time

Wales v Poland will kick off at 7:45pm.

What TV channel is Wales v Poland on?

Fans can tune in to watch the game on Viaplay Sports 1 and S4C.

Viaplay Sports is a monthly or annual subscription service available for brand new customers or it can be added to existing Virgin Media and Sky TV packages.

Sign up to watch Viaplay from £11.99 per month with an annual subscription
How to live stream Wales v Poland online

Viaplay customers can live stream the game on a variety of devices including most smart TVs, smartphones and tablets as part of their subscription, while the game is also available online via BBC iPlayer or S4C.

Listen to Wales v Poland on radio

You can listen to the match on BBC Radio 5 Live.

BBC Radio 5 Live is available on DAB radio, MW 693 kHz, 909 kHz and 990 kHz, or you can tune into the station via most TV packages. You can also listen to Radio 5 Live online via the BBC website or BBC Sounds app.

Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Wales v Poland odds

In working partnership with the Radio Times, bet365 has provided the following betting odds for this event:

bet365 odds: Wales (17/10) Draw (19/10) Poland (15/8)*

For all the latest football odds and more, visit bet365 today. Bet £10 & Get £30 in Free Bets for new customers at bet365.

Min deposit requirement. Free Bets are paid as Bet Credits and are available for use upon settlement of bets to value of qualifying deposit. Min odds, bet and payment method exclusions apply. Returns exclude Bet Credits stake. Time limits and T&Cs apply.

*Odds subject to change. 18+. T&Cs apply. BeGambleAware.org. Note – The bonus code RT365 does not change the offer amount in any way.

If you're looking for something else to watch, check out our TV Guide or Streaming Guide, or visit our Sport hub for all the latest news.

Try Radio Times magazine today and get 10 issues for only £10 – subscribe now. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
Michael Potts
Sport Editor

Michael Potts is the Sport Editor for Radio Times, covering all of the biggest sporting events across the globe with previews, features, interviews and more. He has worked for Radio Times since 2019 and previously worked on the sport desk at Express.co.uk after starting his career writing features for What Culture. He achieved a first-class degree in Sports Journalism in 2014.

Visit us on Twitter
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is Wales v Turkey Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Montenegro v Wales Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is Wales v Turkey Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Montenegro v Wales Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Wales v Finland Euro 2024 play-off semi-final on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Poland v Netherlands Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Win a trip to see The Railway Children

with Bradford City of Culture 2025. One Radio Times reader will win a wonderful trip for four to see The Railway Children. As well as tickets to the show, you will enjoy an overnight stay in a Suite at the four-star Cedar Court Hotel Bradford

ENTER NOW
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2024
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/sport/football/wales-poland-euro-2024-play-off-preview/ 
 ----- 
