MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Why the Diamondbacks’ Zac Gallen, dominant and efficient, is worthy of the NL Cy Young
By Tyler Kepner
Sep 13, 2023

18

NEW YORK — The record shows that Brent Strom worked 210 2/3 innings in 1976. This was a career high for Strom, the 74-year-old pitching coach of the Arizona Diamondbacks, but it was hardly noteworthy. Fifty major leaguers logged more innings than Strom did that season, led by his San Diego Padres teammate, Randy Jones, with 315 1/3.

“I didn’t think it was anything special,” Strom said on Tuesday, reflecting on his modest achievement before a game with the New York Mets at Citi Field. “We just took the ball and we pitched.”

This is not the start of a rant. Everything evolves, pitching included, and 200 is the new 300. In that context, we present Zac Gallen, the ace of the Diamondbacks’ staff, as the best candidate for the National League Cy Young Award.

Gallen, who starts for Arizona on Wednesday night, is coming off the first nine-inning shutout of his career, a three-hitter last Friday against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field. It marked the 22nd time in his 30 starts that Gallen has pitched at least six innings, and the 11th time that he has gone seven.

“When you can match pitching to weak contact with efficiency is when you see outings that are seven innings and 90 pitches, or eight innings and 100 pitches, something like that,” Gallen said. “There’s a dominance and an efficiency to it. Those are the games I’m usually the most happy with.”

This approach will not draw comparisons to Joe McGinnity (434 innings in 1903) or even to Joe Blanton (230 innings in 2007). But in the innings-starved landscape of modern starting pitching, it should distinguish Gallen in a crowded field for the Cy.

PITCHER
TEAM
	
STARTS LASTING 6 OR MORE IP
	
STARTS LASTING 7 OR MORE IP
	
TOTAL IP
	
ERA


Zac Gallen
AZ
	
22
	
11
	
187 2/3
	
3.31


Blake Snell
SD
	
17
	
2
	
161
	
2.52


Justin Steele
CHI
	
21
	
4
	
159
	
2.49


Spencer Strider
ATL
	
19
	
5
	
162
	
3.83


Corbin Burnes
MIL
	
21
	
8
	
179
	
3.47


Logan Webb
SF
	
24
	
14
	
193
	
3.40

Justin Steele leads the NL in earned run average (2.49), Spencer Strider in strikeouts (250), Blake Snell in hits per nine innings (6.1) and Corbin Burnes in WHIP (1.056). Logan Webb, who is a hard-luck 10-12, is the only pitcher in the majors with more innings than Gallen.

Gallen (15-7) is the outright leader in no major categories, yet he is the only NL pitcher to rank among the top five in ERA, innings and WHIP (1.082). If you like flawed traditional stats, he’s top 5 in wins — and if you like flawed advanced metrics, he’s top 5 in WAR, too.

It has not always been easy; Gallen allowed five earned runs on Opening Day in March, and has had one such start each month from May to September. But he excelled enough to start the All-Star Game, and would relish the Cy as a reward for resourcefulness.

“I’ve had some outings where I was like, ‘All right, that’s uncharacteristic,’ but for the most part, like the whole body of work, I would be pumped, honestly,” Gallen said. “It would probably feel a little bit sweeter than a year where it’s just like wire to wire. It would mean you hung in there, you made pitches.”

	Zac Gallen delivers during the All-Star Game. He finished fifth in the NL Cy Young voting last year. (Stephen Brashear / USA Today)

Gallen, 28, grew up in South Jersey but did not root for the Phillies or the gang of aces they collected in his teen years; his favorite team was the St. Louis Cardinals, who drafted him from the University of North Carolina in 2016, and he liked hitting as much as pitching. (“I was one hit away from the Mendoza line,” he said of his 2021 season, the last before the universal DH. “And I got no homers. That’s my regret.”)

As he developed as a pitcher, Gallen said, his role model was Tim Hudson, another slender righty who thrived with a sinker. With a limited arsenal then, Gallen said, he tried to compensate with smarts.

“My thought was, just not having crazy stuff, I have to turn it into a chess match,” he said. “So I wanted to be as prepared as possible, find maybe that one hole that’s gonna help me when I see the guy in the sixth inning.

“It was more just learning how to pitch and knowing I could outsmart hitters. And then as I’ve gotten older, it’s understanding how my body works and what it takes to manipulate pitches, and the stuff has come as well.”

Gallen now throws cutters, curveballs and changeups with about half his pitches, and fastballs with the other half. Those options, and the curiosity of how best to use them, turned Gallen into a star.

“He’s as good as any pitcher I’ve ever had in preparation,” said Strom, who coached Justin Verlander, Gerrit Cole, Zack Greinke and Dallas Keuchel with the Houston Astros. “He studies it immaculately. He knows his strengths. He knows how to mix and match and knows what’s going to work against certain teams. His pitch mix will be different from one game to the other, where most people will kind of go with what they do.

“I’ve said it many times: I’ve had people with better fastballs, I’ve had people with better curveballs, I’ve had people with better changeups, I’ve had people with better cutters, sliders or whatever. But I’ve never had anybody with the mix. He’s like a decathlon athlete, really good at a number of things. Maybe not great — I think probably his curveball is his go-to pitch — but his command of the fastball is really exceptional, and I think that’s the key.”

	D-Backs pitching coach Brent Strom talks with Zac Gallen during a mound visit in July. (Kevin Sousa / USA Today)

As his starts move along, Gallen said, he is keenly aware of his pitch count; he has enough weapons to tailor his approach to whatever will help him last longest. He generates a good share of strikeouts (9.4 per nine), but knows when to prioritize efficiency — and with the way games are structured now, the difference between six innings and five can be enormous.

“One hundred percent,” said Arizona third baseman Evan Longoria, a 16-year veteran. “If you get through six, you feel really good because you’re getting towards that back of the bullpen, where it’s very hard to score runs off of these days.”

Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said that Gallen, by averaging more than six innings per start, saves him “probably 30 different options of bullpen pieces” over the course of a season. The Diamondbacks, who hold the third NL wild-card spot, could be benefitting from a fresher bullpen than most: Their relievers had a major league-best 1.47 ERA in the last seven games before Tuesday.

Gallen has three or four starts remaining, plenty of time for a benchmark that eludes so many of his peers. Fifty years ago, in 1973, seven pitchers in the majors worked more than 300 innings. Last season, seven worked more than 200. Gallen is almost there.

“The 200-inning mark is something that pitchers strive for,” Strom said, “and regardless of results, when you pitch 200 innings, that means that your club and your manager really believe in you.”

Believe it: Gallen is the most valuable pitcher in the National League in 2023.

GO DEEPER

Kepner: Pulled back to the ballpark, for a day of Phillies-Braves. No, Lefty — it never gets old

(Top photo: Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / Tribune News Service via Getty Images)

Tyler Kepner is a Senior Writer for The Athletic covering MLB. He previously worked for The New York Times, covering the Mets (2000-2001) and Yankees (2002-2009) and serving as national baseball columnist from 2010 to 2023. A Vanderbilt University graduate, he has covered the Angels for the Riverside (Calif.) Press-Enterprise and Mariners for the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, and began his career with a homemade baseball magazine in his native Philadelphia in the early 1990s. Tyler is the author of the best-selling “K: A History of Baseball In Ten Pitches” (2019) and “The Grandest Stage: A History of The World Series” (2022). Follow Tyler on Twitter @TylerKepner

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4858387/2023/09/13/zac-gallen-diamondbacks-nl-cy-young-case/ 
 ----- 
