Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
LIVE
Death toll in raging LA wildfires continues to rise as blaze tears through city
MLB
Gary Cohen loses it on air as Diamondbacks manager makes ‘bonehead’ decision of year
By Matt Ehalt
Published Sep. 13, 2023, 2:23 p.m. ET
39
EXPLORE MORE
Felix Mantilla, member of original 1962 Mets, dead at 90
Nationals sign former glove-throwing Mets reliever Jorge Lopez
Pete Alonso, Mets remain locked in contract talks

Gary Cohen has seen a lot of bad baseball this year, but nothing as bad as Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo’s ninth-inning decision Monday.

The Diamondbacks led 4-3 with two outs in the ninth inning, but the Mets had runners on the corners, with speedy pinch runner Tim LoCastro at first base.

While a sound baseball strategy is to not purposefully allow the tying and/or winning run into scoring position, that’s exactly what the Diamondbacks did.

Diamondbacks first baseman Christian Walker played behind Locastro, allowing him to easily steal second and put two runners in scoring position for Brandon Nimmo.

“They’re going to play behind him. He’s the winning run. What are they doing? What are they doing? They’re playing behind him. They’re giving him the stolen base. That’s the winning run. Are you kidding me?” Cohen said. “What are they thinking? How do you allow the winning run to steal second base? That is as bonehead a managerial decision as I’ve seen all year long. Unreal.”

Gary Cohen had critical remarks about the Diamondbacks’ strategy.
Robert Sabo for NY Post

As this all went on, Keith Hernandez said: “Oh, wow. Oh, my. Oh, my God. Oh, wow.”

Lovullo did not pay for his “bonehead” decision with ex-Mets reliever Paul Sewald retiring Nimmo on a fly ball to center field to secure the 4-3 win.

Perhaps Lovullo thought the pitcher-catcher combination of Sewald and Jose Herrera didn’t stand much of a chance of throwing out the speedy LoCastro, and he prioritized having his defense aligned the way he and his staff preferred with the dangerous Nimmo at the plate.

Torey Lovullo’s questionable strategy paid off.
AP

Still, that’s quite a bold strategy for a team fighting for its postseason life since every loss could be the difference between making or missing the postseason.

The Diamondbacks enter Wednesday’s game at Citi Field – the third in a four-game set – one game ahead of the Reds for the third NL wild-card spot, and 1 ½ games ahead of the Marlins and Giants.

39

What do you think? Post a comment.

How Arizona fares in the Big Apple could determine whether it makes the playoffs since it returns to New York on Friday, Sept. 22 for a three-game set at Yankee Stadium.

FILED UNDER ARIZONA DIAMONDBACKS  GARY COHEN  KEITH HERNANDEZ  NEW YORK METS  SNY  SPORTS MEDIA  TOREY LUVULLO  9/13/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/13/gary-cohen-torey-lovullo-made-bonehead-move-of-the-year/ 
 ----- 
