Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
History
Rumors
Prospects
AL EAST
AL CENTRAL
AL WEST
NL EAST
NL CENTRAL
NL WEST
About
Follow Us
Austin Hays murders a beach ball and Boston Red Sox fans aren’t happy about it
By
Kevin Henry
|
Sep 10, 2023
Aug 22, 2023; Baltimore, Maryland, USA; aBaltimore Orioles left fielder Austin Hays (21) reacts after hitting a rbi double during the first inning against the Toronto Blue Jays at Oriole Park at Camden Yards. Mandatory Credit: Tommy Gilligan-USA TODAY Sports

It’s bad enough that the Baltimore Orioles edged the Boston Red Sox on Saturday night at Fenway Park to hand the home team their fourth straight loss, but Austin Hays made sure there wasn’t any kind of party that broke out on his watch in Beantown.

Austin Hays murders a beach ball, kills the vibes for Boston Red Sox fans

In the fourth inning of what would eventually be a 13-12 win for the Orioles on Saturday night, a beach ball got loose from the stands and made its way into foul territory near left field, patrolled by Hays. Time was called by the umpire and Hays made sure that that particular beach ball wouldn’t cause any more issues, stomping on it with his cleats and letting the air out of not only it, but the Red Sox faithful as well.

Watch the video below and listen to the reaction from the crowd once Hays destroys the beach ball and then sends it back into the crowd.

Austin Hays is NOT a fan of beach balls 😂 pic.twitter.com/QHqACf4gRl

— Baseball Quotes (@BaseballQuotes1) September 9, 2023

If you’re wanting to make a statement, that’s how you do it. Hays made sure he could focus on the task at hand, which was hoping starting pitcher Jack Flaherty (traded from St. Louis to Baltimore at the MLB trade deadline) could subdue an early Red Sox rally after Baltimore had jumped out to a 7-2 edge.

Hays also did his part at the plate on Saturday, going 1-for-5 and scoring a pair of runs. It’s the continuation of what has been a fine season for Hays, who earned his first All-Star Game appearance earlier this year. Through his first 125 games of the regular season, the 28-year-old Hays is slashing .286/.333/.462 with 14 home runs and 59 RBI.

The loss for Boston sent the Red Sox to 7.0 games back in the American League Wild Card standings. While losing a beach ball will kill any vibe, Boston fans watching their team see its season go up in smoke is an even bigger letdown.

NEXT: Why are the Yankees and Red Sox on TV this week?
Home/Baltimore Orioles
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://calltothepen.com/2023/09/10/baltimore-orioles-austin-hays-murders-beach-ball-boston-red-sox-fans-not-happy/ 
 ----- 
