Latest
Japan
Visual Stories
Travel/Tourism
World
Sports
Feature
Arts
Podcast
Olympics
Paralympics
About us


Baseball: Kenta Maeda earns 1st win in month as Twins down Mets

 KYODO NEWS - Sep 10, 2023 - 14:59 | Sports, All

Kenta Maeda overcame a sluggish start to earn his first win in just over a month Saturday after allowing two runs on five hits over 5-1/3 innings in the Minnesota Twins' 8-4 win over the New York Mets.

Maeda (4-7) let Brandon Nimmo go deep just three pitches into the game and Daniel Vogelbach also singled in a run in the first inning for the Mets, but the right-hander kept them off the board thereafter at Target Field.

Donovan Solano's two-run single in the second tied the game and Kyle Farmer singled in another in the third off David Peterson (3-8) to give the Twins the lead.

"The first inning wasn't really good but I could adjust well after that," Maeda said. "It's really pleasing to earn a win. It would have been best if I could pitch to the end of the sixth."

Max Kepler cleared the bases with a triple and Farmer doubled for another RBI as the Twins scored four decisive runs in the seventh.

Minnesota Twins starting pitcher Kenta Maeda throws against the New York Mets during a baseball game at Target Field in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on Sept. 9, 2023. (Kyodo) ==Kyodo

Shintaro Fujinami worked 1-2/3 perfect innings of relief to also pick up a win as the Baltimore Orioles outslugged the Boston Red Sox 13-12.

Fujinami (7-8) was sent to the mound with the Orioles leading 7-6 but with two on and one out in the fifth inning at Fenway Park. A double steal added more pressure but Fujinami retired two to get out of the jam.

Baltimore Orioles relief pitcher Shintaro Fujinami reacts after getting the final out of the sixth inning during a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts, on Sept. 9, 2023. (Kyodo) ==Kyodo

The Orioles scored two runs in the top of the sixth before Fujinami put up another zero in the home half, getting Rafael Devers and Justin Turner to ground out to third and striking out cleanup Triston Casas in three pitches with a 100-miles-per-hour fastball.

"Wins happen to come your way for relievers. I only think like I'm lucky," Fujinami said. "My job now is to attack the zone and concentrate on it whether I'm doing good or bad."

Masataka Yoshida went 3-for-6 and the Red Sox had 23 hits but they lost to the efficient Orioles who scored 13 runs from 14 hits.

Related coverage:

Baseball: Buffaloes ace Yoshinobu Yamamoto throws 2nd career no-hitter

Baseball: Pitching sensation Roki Sasaki to return Sept. 10

Baseball: Seiya Suzuki homers in 2nd straight game, has 4 hits in Cubs win

Sep 10, 2023 | KYODO NEWS

Popular
Boxing: "Monster" Inoue confident ahead of postponed bout vs. Goodman

Jan 8, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Athletics: Aoyama Gakuin rewrites record, retains Hakone Ekiden crown

Jan 3, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Golf: Matsuyama earns 11th career PGA win at season-opening Sentry

Jan 6, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Tennis: Nishikori, injured Osaka come up short in tournament finals

Jan 5, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Badminton: Two-time world doubles champions taking different paths

Jan 7, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Latest Video
More from Sports
Sumo: Terunofuji falls to Wakatakakage as New Year meet opens

36 minutes ago | KYODO NEWS

Rugby: Sungoliath, Spears share points in League One arm wrestle

2 hours ago | KYODO NEWS

Tennis: Kei Nishikori wins in Australian Open return

2 hours ago | KYODO NEWS

Football: Anrie Chase eyes bigger impact in breakthrough Stuttgart season

Jan 12, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Paralympic gold medalist to publish free magazine to promote goalball

Jan 12, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Curling: Teenage pair generates buzz with mixed doubles upsets

Jan 12, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Boxing: Goodman out of Inoue world title bout with another eye injury

Jan 11, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Tennis: Naomi Osaka is past wishful thinking, looks to end victory drought

Jan 10, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Sumo: Terunofuji falls to Wakatakakage as New Year meet opens

 KYODO NEWS - 36 minutes ago - 19:22 | Sports, All

About Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright
Links
Contact
Advertise With Us

© Kyodo News.

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://english.kyodonews.net/news/2023/09/0d569b7dc4df-baseball-maeda-earns-1st-win-in-month-as-twins-down-mets.html 
 ----- 
