 Log In Subscribe
Home
News
Business
Records
Obituaries
Sports
Troy University
Charles Henderson High
Pike County High
Pike Liberal Arts
Goshen High
Zion Chapel
Lifestyles
Opinion
Contests
Christmas Movie Showdown
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
Special Sections
2024 Graduation Magazine
The Catch 2023 Football Edition
The Catch 2023 Baseball Edition
Progress 2023
Classifieds
Services
About Us
Policies
Submit
Submit a News Tip
Submit a Photo
Engagement Announcement
Wedding Announcement
Submit A Classified Advertisement
Submit a Letter to the Editor
E-Edition
Public Notices
Best Bets, Odds for the Falcons vs. Saints Game – Week 10

Published 5:37 pm Friday, November 8, 2024

By Data Skrive

Best bets are available as the New Orleans Saints (2-7) enter a matchup with the Atlanta Falcons (6-3) on Sunday, November 10, 2024 at Caesars Superdome on a seven-game losing streak.

BetMGM is one of the most trusted Sportsbooks in the nation. Start with as little as $1 and place your bets today.

Falcons vs. Saints Matchup Info
Game Date: Sunday, November 10, 2024
Time: 1 p.m. ET
Venue: Caesars Superdome
Location: New Orleans, Louisiana
TV: FOX
Live Stream: Watch this game on Fubo (Regional restrictions may apply)
Tickets: Get tickets for this game at StubHub
Sign up for our daily email newsletter

Get the latest news sent to your inbox

Don’t miss a touchdown this NFL season. Catch every score with NFL RedZone on Fubo. What is Fubo? Fubo is a streaming service that gives you access to your favorite live sports and shows on demand. Start your risk free trial today and watch seven hours of commercial-free football from every NFL game every Sunday.

Best Moneyline Bet
The BetMGM line for this game has the Falcons favored by 3.5, while the model predicts they’ll win by slightly more (5.3 points).
The Falcons have an implied win probability, based on the moneyline, of 66.7%.
The Falcons have been favored on the moneyline seven total times this season. They’ve finished 5-2 in those games.
Atlanta has played as a moneyline favorite of -200 or shorter in just two games this season, and it split 1-1.
The Saints have won one of the six games they’ve played as underdogs this season.
New Orleans has a record of 1-2 when it is set as an underdog of +165 or more by oddsmakers this season.

Think you know who will win the game? Sign up at BetMGM and place your bet today.

Against the Spread Pick
Pick ATS: Falcons (-3.5)
The Falcons have covered the spread five times in nine games with a set spread.
Atlanta has 1-1 ATS when playing as at least 3.5-point favorites.
The Saints have gone 3-6-0 against the spread this year.
New Orleans is 1-3 ATS when playing as at least 3.5-point underdogs.

Want to bet on this game’s spread? Head to BetMGM and place your wager today.

Best Over/Under Pick
Pick OU: Over (46.5)
The two teams average a combined 1.1 more points per game (47.6) than this game’s total of 46.5 points.
The Falcons and the Saints have seen their opponents average a combined 2.9 more points per game than the point total of 46.5 set for this matchup.
Falcons games have hit the over on four of nine occasions (44.4%).
The teams have hit the over in six of the Saints’ nine games with a set total.

Want to bet on the over/under in this matchup? Make your wager at BetMGM.

Not all offers available in all states, please visit BetMGM for the latest promotions for your area. Must be 21+ to gamble, please wager responsibly. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, contact 1-800-GAMBLER.

id:
MORE PREDICTIONS
Hawks vs. Bulls Prediction & Picks: Line, Spread, Over/Under – December 26
Best Bets for NCAA Basketball Picks Against the Spread for Wednesday, December 25
DFS Salaries and Projections for NFL Week 17
NBA Spread and Total Picks for Today, December 25
Print Article
SPORTSPLUS
NBA Best Bets: Hawks vs. Bulls Picks for December 26

The Chicago Bulls (13-17) are underdogs (by 6.5 points) to build on a three-game road winning streak when…

Trae Young Injury Status – Hawks vs. Bulls Injury Report December 26

The Atlanta Hawks (15-15) are dealing with six players on the injury report, including Trae Young, heading into…

Hawks vs. Bulls Prediction & Picks: Line, Spread, Over/Under – December 26

The Chicago Bulls (13-17) are underdogs (by 6.5 points) to build on a three-game road winning streak when…

Jazz vs. Hawks Tickets Available – Tuesday, Jan. 7

The Utah Jazz (7-21) clash with the Atlanta Hawks (15-15) at 9:00 PM ET on Tuesday, January 7,…

Best Bets for NCAA Basketball Picks Against the Spread for Wednesday, December 25

The college basketball lineup on Wednesday is not one to miss. Our computer model has provided picks against…

How to Watch Injury Report Player Props Power Rankings Tickets
Polls

What is your favorite thing about the Summer?

 Cookouts
 Swimming
 No School
 Vacations
 Other

View Results

Friends to Follow
Calendar of events
Sections
Home
News
Sports
Opinion
Lifestyles
Obituaries
Business
Small Business
Services
About Us
Subscriptions
Policies
Submit a News Tip
Submit a Photo
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Birth Announcement
Birthday Announcement
Engagement Announcement
Wedding Announcement
Copyright
© 2024, The Troy Messenger
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.troymessenger.com/2024/11/08/best-bets-odds-for-the-falcons-vs-saints-game-week-10/ 
 ----- 
