Skip to content
Subscribe Now
51°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Politics
Health
Environment
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Jobs
Local News
Local News
Long Beach
Los Angeles
Los Angeles County
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Chargers
Rams
Lakers
Clippers
Dodgers
Angels
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Long Beach State sports
Kings
Ducks
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music + Concerts
Theater
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Amusement Parks
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
The Grunion
The Grunion
News
Education
Sports
Things to Do
Opinion
E-Edition
Advertising
Contact Us
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Press-Telegram Store
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log In

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County January 11, 2025 at 11:55 am
SPORTSNBACLIPPERSOpinion Columnist
Swanson: Here we go again; Kawhi Leonard returns to boost Clippers’ hopes
The star’s presence could turn a deep, defensive-minded team into a problem in the playoffs – but they’ll have to keep him on the court
In his season debut after returning from a knee injury, Clippers star Kawhi Leonard, No. 2, reacts after a basket against the Atlanta Hawks at Intuit Dome in Inglewood on Saturday, Jan. 4, 2025. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Orange County Register/ SCNG)
By MIRJAM SWANSON | mswanson@scng.com | Southern California News Group
UPDATED: January 6, 2025 at 3:59 AM PST

INGLEWOOD — Guess who’s back? Back again?

Why, Kawhi of course.

The Clippers have closed the phone book on the 213 era, but for them, it’s still Kawhi Leonard, on loop. Basketball excellence with a bad knee, potentially historic upside in a heartbreakingly uncooperative body. It’s getting knocked down and getting back up, over and over again.

Because he “always comes back,” as he told us, in his most monotone, in that new New Balance ad. And so, like the pitchman said he would be, there he was: The Clippers’ 33-year-old star, back on the court Saturday night for the first time this season, clocking in for 19 minutes before one of the biggest crowds yet at Intuit Dome.

Leonard shot 4 for 11 from the field, 3 for 5 from 3-point range and 1 for 3 from the free-throw line for 12 points. In preseason form, as promised. He added three rebounds, an assist and a steal and turned over the ball twice in an easy 131-105 victory over the mediocre Atlanta Hawks, a snoozer that left Leonard yawning on the bench.

There wasn’t any suspense Saturday beyond whether or not Leonard would play. But now that he has, now that he is, there’s actual intrigue about these Clippers, whose spirits he lifted and whose loads he’ll lighten, whose potential he could unlock.

It’s as if Coach Tyronn Lue’s team, which at 20-15 is very much in the mix in the crowded Western Conference, just acquired a six-time All-Star and two-time NBA Finals MVP.

It’s as though this version of the Clippers – beneficiaries of no expectations after letting nine-time All-Star Paul George walk as a free agent and leaning instead on a Kawhi-less cast led by 35-year-old James Harden and a bunch of relatively unheralded (read: underrated) role players – just added a ringer. Like they just picked up a guy who averaged 23.7 points per game last season on 52.5% shooting, including 41.7% from behind the arc.

But this time, it’s addition without subtraction.

“We can get better,” Lue said Saturday night. “We’ve got to start adding offensively now that Kawhi’s back. … We’re ready to build off this; we’ve done a good job of holding it down, but now we’ve got to continue to take those next steps to be a great team.”

Or as Leonard told courtside reporter Lauren Rosen after the final buzzer: “We’re working to create something beautiful.”

And so here we go again. Getting people’s hopes up.

The Clippers are a case study in try, try, trying again.

It’s either going to result in a breakthrough of epic proportions, a monumental triumph for sticking with it, for loyalty and determination. Or it’s going to prove what they say about doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results: It’s insane.

Either way, it’s the bet the Clippers made.

They went all in on Leonard last January when they signed him to a three-year $152.4 million extension that takes him through the 2026-27 season. That was after his torn ACL and his torn meniscus, after the knee injury he played through in the Toronto Raptors’ title run in 2019, after the quadriceps tendinopathy before that, which famously soured his stint with the San Antonio Spurs.

But the extension came before knee swelling sidelined him late last season and then for most of another of the Clippers’ abbreviated playoff stays, punctuated by another of Lawrence Frank’s impromptu rip-fans’-hearts-out news conferences: “The obvious question, I know is coming, so I’ll beat you to it: When’s he coming back?” the team’s president of basketball operations said on April 28 in Dallas, when Leonard was ruled out, “I can’t tell you.”

And then Leonard was excused from Olympic duty last summer, ahead of the surreptitious “setback” that came sometime afterward, which led to his status to start this season: Out indefinitely.

Until Saturday, when the Clippers got back their basketball killer, their biggest star and mystery man. It’s a lot to expect Leonard to pick back up as one of the game’s most elite defenders, but he remains one of the game’s most guarded stars – unwilling to divulge almost anything about anything, especially injuries that leave his fans so concerned.

Not that you have to be a Clippers fan to find yourself sitting with a certain amount of trepidation while you watch him play, relieved to see him bounce back all three times he hit the deck Saturday. You don’t have to root for the team to feel yourself hoping no next sneaker will drop: “Last time, I just woke up and it was flared up and I couldn’t move,” Leonard said. “Now I don’t know. It’s just day to day.”

Or to understand why Leonard and the Clippers are refusing to rush the process: “We’re on nobody’s timetable,” Leonard said. “Anybody watching that wants me to score, 20, 30 points and be aggressive, we’re on no one’s timeframe. We know what’s ahead of us and we have to keep building in the right direction.”

Perfectly understandable and, honestly, wise. But it also makes for a precarious existence in a cutthroat conference where one bad stretch could push a team out of contention.

And this team could contend.

RELATED ARTICLES
NBA postpones Saturday’s Lakers-Spurs, Clippers-Hornets games due to fires
Clippers-Hornets game is on for now, but that could change
Russell Westbrook, Nuggets rout Clippers with both teams missing stars
Reports: Clippers star Kawhi Leonard leaves team to join evacuated family in L.A.
Clippers can’t hold off Anthony Edwards, Timberwolves

Yes, George is gone. But who wouldn’t trust Harden and shooting guard Norman Powell (a champion in Toronto alongside Leonard) after watching them work together so far this season?

Center Ivica Zubac’s year-over-year improvement has continued. Wing Amir Coffey is making nearly 45% of his 3-point attempts. New guys Kris Dunn and Derrick Jones Jr. and assistant coach Jeff Van Gundy are proving themselves defensive wizards, and to show for it, the Clippers are fourth in the NBA in defensive rating (108.3), giving up the fourth-fewest points per game (107.9).

This is a deep squad, hungry and well-coached. And the Clippers could be a problem come the postseason – but really only if Leonard is logged in and operating at or near full power. That’s been their problem, one they’ve been working on solving for five seasons, all that time spent on it not making it any easier.

Maybe, at some point, they’re due some better luck. Or maybe they’re bound to repeat this crazy-making chapter in team history again. Either way, this is the path they’ve chosen, and now that he’s back – back again – they’re going down it with Kawhi.

Game Day with Kevin Modesti: Providing the SoCal sports fan with essential preparation for the day ahead.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from Press-Telegram.

Originally Published: January 5, 2025 at 11:57 AM PST
Around the Web
America's Most Miserable Cities, Ranked 1-30
SpilledDaily
Way to Get Rid of Baldness, Thick Hair Will Return!
BioGrow
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From the Store
learnitwise
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
Las Vegas: a Stunning Prefab House Just for $5000 - Peek Inside!
Shipping Container Homes
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
If Your Dog Follows You, Here's What It Means
articlestone
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Las Vegas: New Two Bed Senior Apartments Are Stunning! (Take a Look)
SeniorLiving2
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer You Never Saw Coming!
Tardive Dyskenisia
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet The #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Neuro Zoom
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Scientists: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Breakfast: 15 Foods You Should Never Eat
HEALTH NATURAL
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
10 Foods You Avoid when You're over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
The Shocking Truth About Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Shocked!
Immunotherapy Treatment
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Experts Stunned: Easy Solution for Years of Joint Pain and Arthritis
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Do This to Regrow Your Hair (Once Daily)
WG Hair Restore
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Revelation Will Stop You in Your Tracks!
Tardive Dyskinesia
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Las Vegas Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
Nerve Pain May Become a Thing of The Past for People With Neuropathy
WellnessGaze Neuro
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Heart Surgeon: Anyone Over 45 Should Do This Daily
WellnessGaze Heart
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
Belly Fat Removal Without Surgery in Las Vegas! (See the Prices)
Fat Removal
Suffering From Vertigo? Experts Swear by This One-minute Fix
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Las Vegas: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Long Beach distributing respirator masks to at-risk residents as fires worsen air quality
Red flag warning points to new wildfire dangers in Southern California, lasts until Wednesday eve
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
L.A. wildfires’ economic toll: Devastating losses followed by burst of building
Macy’s closing 66 stores, 9 in California
Letter: How much longer can this charade continue? One-party rule has destroyed California.
Man gets life in shooting death of Long Beach grandfather watering his lawn
These are landmarks and businesses destroyed by Eaton, Palisades fires in LA County
UCLA will extend virtual classes amid wildfire concerns
Kohl’s closing San Bernardino distribution hub, 10 California stores by April
Evacuations soar in the San Fernando Valley, Brentwood as Palisades fire extends to Day 5
Mater Dei boys basketball knocks off St. John Bosco with strong finish
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CLIPPERS
NBA postpones Saturday’s Lakers-Spurs, Clippers-Hornets games due to fires
Clippers-Hornets game is on for now, but that could change
Russell Westbrook, Nuggets rout Clippers with both teams missing stars
Reports: Clippers star Kawhi Leonard leaves team to join evacuated family in L.A.
2025
January
5
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
CONTACT US
Corrections
Work With Us
Newspapers in Education
Worship Directory
Press Telegram Store
ABOUT PRESS TELEGRAM
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Partners
Local Job Board
Live Traffic Map
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
Reader’s Choice
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Legals
Obituary
LB City Guide
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
READER REWARDS
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
Sponsor a Student
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.presstelegram.com/2025/01/05/swanson-here-we-go-again-kawhi-leonard-returns-to-boost-clipper-hopes/ 
 ----- 
