MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Powell scores 20, Leonard has 12 points in return as Clippers cruise to 131-105 victory over Hawks
Updated Jan. 5, 2025 12:49 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

INGLEWOOD, Calif. (AP) — Norman Powell scored 20 points, Kawhi Leonard added 12 in his first game of the season and the Los Angeles Clippers rolled to a 131-105 victory over the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday night.

Leonard, who missed the Clippers’ first 34 games with what the team described as right knee injury recovery, played 19 minutes. He was 4 of 11 from the floor, including three 3-pointers, along with three rebounds and one assist.

Ivica Zubac had 18 points and 18 rebounds as the Clippers snapped a two-game losing streak. Amir Coffey had 17 points.

Trae Young led Atlanta with 20 points and 14 assists. De’Andre Hunter had 18 points for the Hawks who have dropped their last three after winning four straight.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

The Clippers had a 36-35 advantage early in the second quarter before breaking it open with a 27-4 run, with Coffey scoring nine of his 15 points in the period.

Takeaways

Hawks: Guard Jalen Johnson did not play due to right shoulder soreness. Guard Bogdan Bogdanovic also did not play due to injury management.

Clippers: Terance Mann also returned to the lineup and scored 12 points in 16 minutes. Mann missed 10 games due to a broken middle finger on his left hand.

Key moment
Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Go The Extra Miles
Extend your journey with gear that can take on any terrain.
YETI|Sponsored
2024 NFL Wild Card picks, predictions: Back Russell Wilson Under passing yards
Geoff Schwartz is back with his best bets for Wild Card Weekend. Find out why he's backing the Bucs to cover the first half and how he's wagering on Russell...
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.

Leonard hit a 3-pointer on his first shot from the left wing with 9:57 remaining in the first quarter to tie it at 5-all. Leonard was guarded by Hawks rookie Zaccharie Risacher, but got the shot off.

Key stat

James Harden's 13 assists in the first half were the most by a Clippers player before halftime going back to 1996-97, according to Sportradar. He has had 14 assists in the first half twice in his 15-year career. Harden finished with 10 points and 15 assists.

Up next

The Hawks are at Utah on Tuesday night while the Clippers are at Minnesota on Monday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 NBA Mock Draft 1.0: Debate at the top with Cooper Flagg and Dylan Harper
'I was not prepared for what I saw': Lakers coach JJ Redick details devastation from Palisades Fire
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Norman Powell
LA Clippers
National Basketball Association
Atlanta Hawks
James Harden
Terance Mann
Bogdan Bogdanovic
De'Andre Hunter
Amir Coffey
Trae Young
Ivica Zubac
Kawhi Leonard
Norman Powell
Atlanta Hawks
LA Clippers
NBA - Atlanta Hawks vs. LA Clippers - 01/05/2025
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/powell-scores-20-leonard-has-12-points-in-return-as-clippers-cruise-to-131105-victory-over-hawks 
 ----- 
