MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Giants’ Matt Chapman extension is the first strike of the Scott Boras revenge tour
By Ken Rosenthal
Sep 5, 2024

222

The Scott Boras Revenge Tour is on.

Matt Chapman was one of the Boras Four, lingering on the free-agent market last offseason until March 3. The six-year, $151 million extension he reached with the San Francisco Giants late Wednesday was a decisive win for Chapman, something of an exception for Boras and a significant development for another of Boras’ potential free-agent clients, Alex Bregman.

Boras players normally seek to establish their full values on the open market. Chapman, however, clearly was comfortable in San Francisco, where he reunited with his old manager and third-base coach from the Oakland A’s, Bob Melvin and Matt Williams. It’s also reasonable to assume Chapman wanted to move quicker than he did last offseason.

His first deal with the Giants — three years, $54 million with two player options — gave him the ability to become a free agent again after either this season or the next. His re-entry into the market seemed all but inevitable. To this point, he is batting .247 with 22 homers and a .778 OPS while playing his usual outstanding defense at third base. Using fWAR, it is his best season since 2019 and third best overall.

With this deal, however, Chapman seemingly is getting everything he wanted. Not just a rapid resolution, but a deal that, when combined with his $18 million salary this season, gives him full market value, beyond initial media projections.

Prior to last offseason, MLB Trade Rumors pegged Chapman for a six-year, $150 million deal. The Athletic’s Jim Bowden had him at six years, $127 million, while The Athletic’s Tim Britton had him at five years, $95 million. Britton, however, mentioned Kris Bryant, another Boras client, as the possible high end. Bryant got seven years, $182 million. Chapman, combining his two contracts with the Giants, receives seven years, $169 million.

The Chapman deal does not necessarily mean Boras will adopt a different strategy this offseason; the agent attributed the delays in the signings of Chapman, center fielder Cody Bellinger and left-handers Blake Snell and Jordan Montgomery not to his own maneuverings, but a depressed market (Montgomery later left Boras for Wasserman). Still, considering Boras’ large list of prominent potential free-agent clients, including Juan Soto, Corbin Burnes and Pete Alonso, not to mention Snell, Bregman and Bellinger, it certainly doesn’t hurt him to start clearing the decks.

	Chapman has clearly found a comfortable fit in San Francisco. (Justin Berl / Getty Images)

Bregman, who at 30 is a year younger than Chapman, now becomes the most prominent free-agent third baseman available. His current team, the Houston Astros, will face a void at the position. So will the Arizona Diamondbacks if they do not re-sign Eugenio Suárez, who is enjoying a monster second half.

The Detroit Tigers, run by Bregman’s former manager with the Houston Astros, AJ Hinch, might be in the market at third base. So might the Seattle Mariners and Toronto Blue Jays. And don’t forget the New York Yankees, who could move Jazz Chisholm Jr. to second in place of Gleyber Torres, opening up third. Also: Bregman originally was a shortstop. Other teams might pursue him for other infield positions.

Bregman had a slow start to this season and currently is dealing with a sore elbow, but since May 9 he is batting .286 with 20 homers and an .847 OPS — numbers in line with his career marks. George Springer and Carlos Correa, other members of the 2017-18 Astros clubs that stole signs illegally, received big free-agent deals. There is no reason to believe Bregman will be any different.

For Boras, the entire scenario is reminiscent of 2018-19, when he had another star-studded free-agent class but was coming off something of a trying offseason, one that prompted me to ask whether he was “sufficiently adapting to a changing market.”

Hah! Boras had one of his best winters, blitzing the winter meetings with a combined $814 million in deals for Gerrit Cole, Anthony Rendon and Stephen Strasburg, and negotiating more than $1 billion in free-agent contracts overall.

This offseason looks to be more of the same, even as a dispute lingers between Major League Baseball and the bankrupt broadcasting company, Diamond Sports Group, renewing concerns about whether the affected clubs will spend.

Soto seems likely to blow past $500 million. Burnes, even after a subpar August, could top $200 million. Snell might rebound in a way similar to Chapman. And while Alonso might not approach Freddie Freeman’s $162 million contract, a player with four straight 30-homer seasons and five overall is going to be in demand.

The Boras Revenge Tour is on. Chapman was the first strike.

(Top photo of Matt Chapman and Scott Boras in March 2024: Ross D. Franklin / Associated Press)

Ken Rosenthal is the senior baseball writer for The Athletic who has spent nearly 35 years covering the major leagues. In addition, Ken is a broadcaster and regular contributor to Fox Sports' MLB telecasts. He's also won Emmy Awards in 2015 and 2016 for his TV reporting. Follow Ken on Twitter @Ken_Rosenthal

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5747565/2024/09/05/matt-chapman-giants-extension-scott-boras/ 
 ----- 
