SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS

Zac Gallen exits no-hit bid as D-backs down Giants

Sep 5, 2024, 7:00 AM | Updated: 7:19 am

(Photo by Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images)

Share 

BY FIELD LEVEL MEDIA




Sactown Sports

Zac Gallen threw no-hit ball for six innings, Eugenio Suarez and Pavin Smith hit home runs and the visiting Arizona Diamondbacks earned a 6-4 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Wednesday night.

Having allowed five runs in five innings in his previous start against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Gallen (11-6) dominated the Giants, allowing just four baserunners in his six innings, all on walks.

Three of the walks came in the second with Arizona (79-61) leading 2-0. Gallen struck out Curt Casali with the bases loaded and two outs to preserve the lead, then retired 11 of the next 12 men he faced to get through six innings.

Night, night. pic.twitter.com/S10MuUFlDy

— Arizona Diamondbacks (@Dbacks) September 5, 2024

Giants vs. Diamondbacks recap

He was pulled at that point, having thrown 100 pitches. His season-high is 108.

The right-hander, who had never previously been removed from a game with a no-hit bid intact, finished with eight strikeouts.

Arizona’s early lead was the product of an RBI single from Josh Bell in the first and Suarez’s 24th homer leading off the second.

Giants starter Hayden Birdsong (3-5) was pulled after three innings despite having given up just two runs. He allowed three hits and five walks while striking out four.

A solo shot by Smith, his fourth, made it 3-0 in the fifth. Arizona tacked on another run in the seventh when Bell grounded into a double play.

Two pitches after Gallen was removed from the game, the Giants (68-72) got their first hit when Tyler Fitzgerald led off the last of the seventh with a single off Kevin Ginkel. LaMonte Wade Jr. followed with his sixth home run, cutting San Francisco’s deficit in half.

The Diamondbacks got the runs back in a two-run eighth. Jose Herrera drove in a run on a groundout, and Corbin Carroll hit an RBI single.

The Giants brought the potential tying run to the plate in the ninth after Wade delivered a two-run single against Justin Martinez, the Arizona closer. However, Martinez got Luis Matos and Marco Luriano to pop out before striking out Brett Wisely to end it.

Suarez added a double to his home run and scored twice for the Diamondbacks, who improved to 6-3 against the Giants this season. Smith also scored twice.

Fitzgerald, who scored twice, and Wade, who totaled four RBIs, had two hits apiece as the Giants dropped their fourth straight game.

–Field Level Media

What is the upcoming San Francisco Giants Schedule?
Tuesday, September 3rd – Thursday, September 5th – vs. Arizona Diamondbacks
Friday, September 6th – Sunday, September 8th – @ San Diego Padres
Tuesday, September 10th-Thursday, September 12th – vs. Milwaukee Brewers
Friday, September 13th-Sunday, September 15th – vs. San Diego Padres
Tuesday, September 17th-Thursday, September 19th – @ Baltimore Orioles

Thank you for reading SactownSports.com. Follow us on Twitter and Google News, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.

Newsletter
Share 
San Francisco Giants

Brenden Nunes

Report: Justin Verlander agrees to one-year deal with San Francisco Giants

5 days ago

Field Level Media

D-backs, Corbin Burnes agree to 6-year, $210M deal

14 days ago

Field Level Media

Report: 3 MLB teams paying bulk of record $311M in luxury taxes

18 days ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Report: Giants still in on Corbin Burnes, but the price has changed

27 days ago

Brenden Nunes

Willy Adames says Buster Posey is “the biggest reason” he signed with Giants

1 month ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Report: Giants ‘heavy favorites’ for Corbin Burnes

1 month ago

Zac Gallen exits no-hit bid as D-backs down Giants

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Email Story


CONTACT US
FOLLOW ON FACEBOOK
FOLLOW ON TWITTER
JOB OPENINGS
ARIZONASPORTS.COM | DENVERSPORTS.COM | KSLSPORTS.COM | SACTOWNSPORTS.COM | SEATTLESPORTS.COM
AIM DIGITAL AGENCY
© 2025 BONNEVILLE INTERNATIONAL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY | DO NOT SELL MY DATA
EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT | COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT | LICENSING
FCC APPLICATIONS | FCC PUBLIC FILE
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc.. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sactownsports.com/mlb-san-francisco-giants-arizona-diamondbacks-zac-gallen-recap/ 
 ----- 
