HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

WORLD FOOTBALL

Wales vs Turkey Predicted lineup, betting tips, odds, injury news, H2H, telecast | UEFA Nations League 2024-25
Published at :
September 5, 2024 at 4:30 AM
Modified at :
September 5, 2024 at 4:30 AM

Manav Chowdhury

0
0
Wales are in a new era after the retirement of star player Gareth Bale.

The first round of the UEFA Nations League 2024-25 will include the Dragons hosting Turkey at Cardiff City Stadium. Getting a new era started following the appointment of Craig Bellamy, Wales will be desperate to make an early statement here. Previous results of the Wales football team have been disappointing and they will look to get a win to boost their confidence for sure.

Turkey will start as slight favourites despite being the away team but the Welsh threat cannot be overlooked. They went all the way to the Quarter-Final of the European Championship and performed well against strong opposition. They have some top-quality players on their side and they will look to finish the group at the top. This will be an exciting clash for sure.

Kick-Off:

Friday, 6 Sept 2024 at 07:45 PM UK

Saturday, 7 Sept 2024 at 12:15 AM IST

Location: Cardiff City Stadium

Form

Wales (in all competitions): L-D-L-W-D

Turkey (in all competitions): L-W-W-L-W

Players to Watch
Brennan Johnson (Wales)

Johnson has a wide variety of skill range that allows him to be deployed in several different roles including as a number 10 or as a winger. He is comfortable playing centrally and playing like a traditional striker but he tends to drift to wide areas which drags the defenders out with him creating a space for his teammates to exploit. He is a good dribbler and likes to take on defenders in one-on-one. He is very confident in his skills and capable of making a difference.

Arda Guler (Turkey)

His most extraordinary attribute lies in his dribbling prowess. He effortlessly takes on multiple defenders and with his low centre of gravity he can dribble past opposition players easily. he also has decent pace and agility which helps him to shrug off challenges. His technique, footwork and impeccable sense of timing allow him to execute these passes with remarkable precision even under intense pressure.

Match Facts
The average number of goals in meetings between Wales and Turkey is 1.6
Their last meeting was a draw.
The Dragons score 0.8 goals in a match against Turkey and Turkey score 0.8 goals against Wales (on average).
Wales vs Turkey: Betting Tips & Odds
Tip 1 – Turkey to win the match
Tip 2 – Both teams to score
Tip 3 – Goals scored over 2.5
Injury and Team News

For the home team, Daniel James will not be available for the match as he left the team camp due to a hamstring injury.

Turkey doesn’t have any injury issues and will have a fully fit squad available for the match.

Head-to-Head

Total Matches: 9

Wales: 4

Turkey: 3

Draws: 2

Predicted Lineups
Wales Predicted Lineup (3-4-2-1):

Ward(GK); Rodon, Cabango, Davies; Roberts, James, Ampadu, Williams; Wilson, Johnson; Matondo

Turkey Predicted Lineup (5-4-1):

Gunok(GK); Muldur, Ayhan, Akaydin, Demiral, Kadioglu; Guler, Ozcan, Calhanoglu, Yildiz; Yilmaz

Match Prediction for Wales vs Turkey

Both sides will be looking to give each other a tough challenge on the pitch, fans can expect an intense match and both teams will look to get the win to get that confidence boost. Wales as the home team will surely try to put pressure on the opposition team and will look to get a good advantage on Turkey but most probably Turkey will win this fixture.

Prediction: Wales 1-3 Turkey

Telecast for Wales vs Turkey

India: Sony Sports Network, SonyLiv

UK: ITV

USA: FOX Sports, ESPN

Nigeria: TBD

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Juventus vs Fiorentina Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
West Ham vs Liverpool Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Tottenham vs Wolves Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Leicester City vs Manchester City Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Santosh Trophy 2024: Kerala & Services qualify for semi-finals
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Top five managers with most FA Cup trophies
List of Mohun Bagan coaches and their performance in ISL
Top five Premier League clubs with most wins on Boxing Day
Six clubs with most Boxing Day defeats in Premier League history
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Click to get

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/world-football-wales-vs-turkey-uefa-nations-league-match-preview-202409 
 ----- 
