MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Altuve and Peña homer in Astros' 11-5 win over scuffling Diamondbacks
Updated Sep. 7, 2024 10:29 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

HOUSTON (AP) — Jose Altuve and Jeremy Peña homered as the Houston Astros improved to 7-0 in games started by Yusei Kikuchi by beating the scuffling Arizona Diamondbacks 11-5 on Saturday.

Altuve had three hits and scored three times. Peña’s 15th homer was a three-run shot, capping a five-run sixth inning that started with the Astros clinging to a one-run lead.

“It’s great to put runs on the board,” Peña said. “That’s what we try to do. I feel like whenever we’ve got a lead our pitching staff does a great job of completing the game, so that’s what we try to do — get some runs on the board and let our pitching staff do their thing.”

Houston increased its lead in the AL West to 5 1/2 games over Seattle.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Arizona, which has dropped three straight and seven of 10, holds a half-game edge over the New York Mets for the second National League wild card.

Kikuchi (8-9) allowed four runs and seven hits over six innings. He struck out six, giving him a career-high 183 strikeouts this season.

“I got hit around a little bit today,” Kikuchi said through a translator. “But I didn’t give up a walk and kept the team in the game, so I’m happy about that.”

The left-hander has a 3.07 ERA since joining the Astros in a trade from the Toronto Blue Jays on July 29, with a 32.1% strikeout rate.

Kevin Newman homered off Kikuchi in the fourth to put Arizona up 3-1, but Houston rallied for four runs against Eduardo Rodriguez in the bottom half.

Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
NFL AFC, NFC Championship odds: Chiefs, Lions favored; Eagles chasing
Wild Card Weekend is nearly complete. Check out the latest odds for which teams are favored to represent each conference in the Super Bowl.
World Series Of Poker For Desktop: Try It Now! (Inc redible Welcome Bonus)
Get On It Now And Experience It With 1,000,000 Free Poker Chips
World Series of Poker|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Bill McCartney, who coached Colorado football to only national title, dies at 84
Bill McCartney, a three-time coach of the year in the Big Eight Conference who led Colorado to its only football national championship in 1990, has died. He w...

Rodriguez (2-2) faced 10 batters and needed 47 pitches to get through the inning. Houston loaded the bases without a hit, and Chas McCormick tied the game with a two-run single. Yordan Alvarez’s two-out RBI single put the Astros on top and, after an error, Alex Bregman capped the flurry with a bases-loaded walk.

“We didn’t execute in some critical times on the mound,” Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said. “We made some mistakes defensively. There’s just a couple of things we can pinpoint that will show up, as it did today, with big crooked numbers and a big score against a team like this when you don’t play it to the level you’re capable of playing.”

Alvarez finished with three hits and is batting .410 with 13 RBIs over his last 10 games.

Eugenio Suárez hit his 25th homer in the sixth to bring Arizona within a run, but the Astros broke open the game with the help of Peña’s three-run drive into the Houston bullpen in right-center field.

“That was the swing of the game,” Astros manager Joe Espada said. “Driving that ball the opposite way, which is not easy in this ballpark, to go oppo like that, but I thought overall our approach was really, really good today offensively.”

Dylan Floro was charged with all five Houston runs in the sixth.

Rodriguez gave up five runs, four earned, and seven hits over four innings with one strikeout.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Diamondbacks: C José Herrera returned to the lineup after he was removed from Friday’s game when he was hit on the back of the helmet by Kyle Tucker’s follow-through on a strikeout.

Astros: After returning from a 79-game absence Friday due to a fractured right shin, Tucker did not start but was available off the bench. ... INF Mauricio Dubón is dealing with a sore left thumb, which forced him out of Friday’s game after he jammed it diving into first base.

UP NEXT

Houston RHP Justin Verlander (3-5, 4.52 ERA) opposes RHP Ryne Nelson (10-6, 4.15) when the series concludes Sunday night.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Blue Jays sign Jeff Hoffman
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Major League Baseball
Arizona Diamondbacks
Houston Astros
Eduardo Rodriguez
Yusei Kikuchi
Jose Altuve
Houston Astros
Arizona Diamondbacks
MLB - Arizona Diamondbacks vs. Houston Astros - 09/07/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/altuve-and-pena-homer-in-astros-115-win-over-scuffling-diamondbacks 
 ----- 
