Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
MLB Scores & Matchups Free Picks Odds Prop Projections Futures News & Analysis MLB Contest World Series Teams Players Standings Statistics Weather Umpires Injuries League Trends Print Sheets
Diamondbacks vs Astros Prediction, Picks & Odds for Today’s MLB Game

It's far from pitcher-perfect, as The Diamondbacks and Astros starters should both do their part to keep the scoreboard busy.

Tony Sartori • Betting Analyst
Sep 7, 2024 • 09:12 ET • 4 min read

This article contains predictions for an old game!

Latest MLB Picks
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

This interleague series continues on Saturday afternoon with the Houston Astros hosting the Arizona Diamondbacks at Minute Maid Park. MLB odds have the total at eight, and my Diamondbacks vs. Astros predictions target that number as too low.

I’m optimistic about the Over, primarily due to the pitching matchup — read on for more in my Saturday, September 7 MLB picks.

Diamondbacks vs Astros prediction

My best bet
Over 8 (-110 at FanDuel)

My analysis
Left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez takes the mound for the Arizona Diamondbacks, and he serves as a good fade candidate. The southpaw possesses an unsightly 5.33 ERA and 1.38 WHIP through five starts this season.

While that is a small sample size, his underlying metrics are even worse and suggest that further regression is likely. Rodriguez sports a 5.69 xERA and ranks in the bottom half of the league in xBA, strikeout rate, barrel rate and hard-hit rate.

These woes are likely to continue against the Houston Astros, a team Rodriguez is 2-4 against over the past nine meetings with a 6.38 ERA. Meanwhile, Houston hands the ball to left-hander Yusei Kikuchi.

Kikuchi has also struggled this year, posting a 7-9 record with a 4.24 ERA and 1.25 WHIP through 28 starts. His analytics are also concerning, considering that the southpaw ranks in the 16th percentile or lower in average exit velocity, barrel rate and hard-hit rate. Additionally, Kikuchi is 0-1 through four career meetings against Arizona with a 5.75 ERA.

It’s also not like either bullpen is particularly trustworthy, given that both relief staffs rank in the bottom half of the league in FIP. 

The hitting is yet another reason to like the Over in this matchup, as both clubs rank in the top half of the league in runs scored per game, hits per game, BA, OBP, SLG, OPS and home runs.

MORE MLB PICKS

Diamondbacks vs Astros same-game parlay (SGP)

Over 8

Eduardo Rodriguez Under 4.5 strikeouts

Yusei Kikuchi Under 6.5 strikeouts

+400 at DraftKings

If we’re backing the Under, then each starting pitcher performing poorly would be a highly-correlated outcome. Let’s start with Rodriguez, who would (if he qualified) rank in the bottom quarter of the league in both whiff and strikeout rates.

Meanwhile, Kikuchi ranks in the 45th percentile in chase rate. You can find his strikeout prop at 6.5, a total he has failed to surpass in 11 of his past 19 starts.

Learn how to bet a same-game parlay with these helpful tips and strategies.

Diamondbacks vs Astros odds
Diamondbacks vs Astros live odds

Diamondbacks vs Astros opening odds
Moneyline: Arizona +136 | Houston -162
Run line: Arizona +1.5 (-166) | Houston -1.5 (+138)
Over/Under: Over 8 (-110) | Under 8 (-110)
Diamondbacks vs Astros moneyline and Over/Under analysis
Houston opened as a -162 favorite and remains at that price as of early Saturday morning. 


I project this line to shorten, given that Arizona outranks the Astros in runs scored per game, BA, OBP, SLG, OPS, home runs and stolen bases.


The total opened at eight and also remains at that number.


I believe it is more likely that this total moves to 8.5 rather than 7.5, due to all the aforementioned variables.
Diamondbacks vs Astros trend

There have been eight or more total runs scored in seven of Kikuchi’s past 10 starts. Find more MLB betting trends for Diamondbacks vs. Astros.

Diamondbacks vs Astros game info
Location:	Minute Maid Park, Houston, TX
Date:	Saturday, 9-7-2024
First pitch:	4:10 p.m. ET
TV:	ARID, SCHN
Diamondbacks starting pitcher:	Eduardo Rodriguez
(2-0, 5.06 ERA)
Astros starting pitcher:	Yusei Kikuchi
(7-9, 4.24 ERA)
Diamondbacks vs Astros latest injuries

Diamondbacks vs Astros weather

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Our team of experts has thoroughly researched and handpicked each product that appears on our website. We may receive compensation if you sign up through our links.

Pages related to this topic
Sports Betting Arizona
Texas Online Sports Betting
Arkansas Sports Betting
MLB Betting Sites
Best Arizona Sportsbook Promotions
Best Arkansas Sportsbook Promos
Best Texas Online Casinos
Arizona Online Casinos
   
Tony Sartori
Betting Analyst

Tony Sartori has written over 1,000 pieces of sports betting content across multiple different media outlets. He covers the NHL, UFC, PGA, NFL and MLB. Tony started part-time while attending the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where he went on to receive a B.A. in Economics and a certificate in Entrepreneurship in 2022. He continues to work full-time in the sports betting landscape.

Due to the variety of sports he covers, Tony is handicapping every day. If he had one piece of betting advice for a new sports bettor, it would be to strictly enforce bankroll management rules for yourself. If you set aside $10,000 for your betting bankroll, then you should generally only be betting between $100 - $500 per play.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Same-game parlay
Odds
Trend to know
Game info
Upcoming Picks
 Vikings vs Rams Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Jason Logan
Popular Content
 2025 Cy Young Odds: Burnes Joins NL Fray in Arizona
Jason Wilson | Jan 3, 2025
 2025 World Series Odds: Mets Put Chips in on Soto
Jason Wilson | Dec 13, 2024
 2025 MLB MVP Odds: Betting Lines for AL & NL MVP Race
Jason Wilson | Dec 11, 2024
 Juan Soto Next Team Odds: Weighing His Options
Jason Wilson | Dec 4, 2024
 2024 Rookie of the Year Odds: Skenes, Gil Win Honors
Jason Wilson | Nov 19, 2024
 World Series MVP Odds: Freeman Wins World Series MVP
Jason Wilson | Oct 31, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2025 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/mlb/diamondbacks-vs-astros-prediction-picks-today-saturday-9-7-2024 
 ----- 
