Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo
ADVERTISEMENT
DODGERS
Shohei Ohtani does it! Dodgers star first to 50-50 mark in three-homer, 10-RBI day
Dodgers star Shohei Ohtani celebrates after hitting his 50th home run of the season during the seventh inning of a 20-4 win over the Miami Marlins on Thursday. Ohtani hit three home runs, stole two bases and drove in 10 runs in becoming the first player to achieve 50 home runs and 50 stolen bases in a season.(Marta Lavandier / Associated Press)
By Jack Harris
Staff Writer
Follow
Sept. 19, 2024 Updated 7:13 PM PT
Share
58

MIAMI —  Superhuman. Otherworldly. Unbelievable. One of a kind.

They’ve all been used to explain Shohei Ohtani over the course of his two-way, two-continent and two-time MVP-winning career; lofty descriptors for a unicorn player unlike any other to grace a diamond.

But on Thursday afternoon, in what started as a sleepy matinee at loanDepot Park in central Miami, none of those terms quite captured the most defining performance of Ohtani’s baseball life.

He didn’t just become the first player in MLB history to have 50 home runs and 50 stolen bases in the same season, eclipsing both marks in the Dodgers’ 20-4 win over the Miami Marlins — one that just so happened to clinch the first postseason bid of Ohtani’s career, and the 12th in a row for the Dodgers franchise.

DODGERS

Shawn Green on Shohei Ohtani breaking his Dodgers record: He’s the greatest ever
Sept. 19, 2024

But he did it with one of the greatest single-game performances the century-and-a-half-old sport has perhaps ever seen.

ADVERTISEMENT

Six hits in six at-bats. Three home runs and two steals. Ten RBIs and 17 total bases. And then, at precisely 6:55 p.m. EDT in the top of the seventh inning, one signature moment that will forever live in baseball immortality.

In his first at-bat with a chance to inaugurate MLB’s 50-50 club, Ohtani clobbered a history-making two-run blast.

“This game has been around for a long time,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “And to do something that’s never been done — he’s one of one.”

Ohtani’s reaction?

“Just happy, relieved and very respectful to the peers and everybody that came before that played this sport of baseball,” he said through interpreter Will Ireton.

Shohei Ohtani became the first player ever to hit 50 home runs and steal 50 bases in the same season.

And, Ohtani also noted, thankful to complete the 50-50 chase at last.

“If I’m being honest,” he said, “it was something I wanted to get over as soon as possible.”

Home run No. 50 was equal parts predictable and astonishing; a 391-foot, 109.7-mph drive off a hanging two-strike curveball from Marlins relief pitcher Mike Baumann.

During his previous trip to the plate in the sixth inning, Ohtani hit his 49th home run of the season, moving to the precipice of history with a mammoth two-run shot deep into the ballpark’s upper deck.

ADVERTISEMENT

When he came up again, most of a sparse 15,548-person crowd rose to its feet. Home plate umpire Dan Iassogna traded out his stash of baseballs for ones marked with pre-authentication tags.

In the Dodgers dugout, players and coaches clung to the top railing.

Is Shohei Ohtani having the greatest Dodgers season ever? Los Angeles Times beat writer Jack Harris with columnists Dylan Hernández and Bill Plaschke talk about the historical significance of today.

“You know what,” Roberts said when asked if he was expecting Ohtani to homer, “I kinda was.”

“I wasn’t expecting him to go backside,” Roberts added. “But I was like, ‘Shoot, man, this dude is locked in.’ You could just tell he wasn’t giving it away … I don’t think he was gonna be denied tonight.”

The only person who could’ve denied Ohtani in that moment was Marlins manager Skip Schumaker, who had the option of intentionally walking Ohtani with first base open and a right-handed pitcher on the mound.

Television cameras, however, caught Schumaker shoot down the idea with a blunt “f— that.”

“That’s a bad move baseball-wise, karma-wise, baseball-gods-wise,” Schumacher later in his postgame news conference. “You go after him and see if you can get him out.”

ADVERTISEMENT
Dodgers star Shohei Ohtani hits his 50th home run of the season in the seventh inning of a 20-4 win over the Miami Marlins on Thursday. (Wilfredo Lee / Associated Press)

Ohtani fouled off his first two pitches, taking a pair of mighty hacks at fastballs up in the zone. Then, after laying off one curveball in the dirt, he immediately got another one down the heart of the plate.

As he had 49 times previously this season, the 30-year-old slugger planted his right foot, violently flung his hips, and destroyed the baseball with a majestic, piercing crack of the bat.

As the opposite-field shot landed in a club beyond the left-field wall, Ohtani dropped his bat, clinched his arms and screamed toward his dugout as he ran up the first-base line.

By the time he crossed home plate, many of his teammates were on the field to meet him. Almost all of them wore the same awe-struck expression.

DODGERS

Plaschke: How one man lost Shohei Ohtani’s 40-40 home run ball and found L.A. love in return
Sept. 1, 2024

“In that situation, for him knowing that he’s right there on the edge of history, and to somehow stay inside a pitch and hit it on a line to left-center and not try to get too big,” third baseman Max Muncy said, “it’s just incredible.”

ADVERTISEMENT

“I almost cried, to be honest with you,” added infielder Miguel Rojas. “It was a lot of emotions, because of everything that happens behind the scenes that we got to witness every single day.”

“I think he was just feeling good, feeling sexy and just knew, like, ‘I’m about to do this today,’” said Mookie Betts, who witnessed the moment from the on-deck circle. “I mean, he could’ve had four homers today. I’m at a loss for words.”

Beyond its 50-50 significance, Thursday’s game was historic through several other lenses.

Ohtani’s 50th homer set a franchise record for the Dodgers (91-62), passing Shawn Green’s previous high of 49, set in 2001.

His 10 RBIs on Thursday were also a franchise record, to go along with his first career three-homer game and career-high six hits.

Dodgers star Shohei Ohtani waves to fans after hitting his historic 50th home run of the season Thursday against the Miami Marlins. (Wilfredo Lee / Associated Press)

Never before in MLB’s modern era, which dates to 1901, had a player had five extra-base hits and multiple stolen bases in the same game — with Ohtani swiping No. 50 by taking third base in the first inning, then adding steal No. 51 without a throw to second base in the top of the second.

ADVERTISEMENT

He finished the day with 51 home runs, as well, finding the second deck again in the ninth inning against position player pitcher Vidal Bruján.

“Ideally, aiming for a home run is not the best way to hit a home run,” Ohtani said. “So for me I tried to focus on having quality at bats so aside from the homers that I hit, I was able to put together really good at bats throughout the game today.”

Ohtani has been accomplishing the unthinkable since he arrived in the majors in 2018. He became MLB’s first true two-way player since Babe Ruth a century earlier. He won a Rookie of the Year and two MVP awards. He led Japan to the World Baseball Classic championship in 2023 — clinching the title in the same stadium where he made history Thursday. He netted a record-breaking, albeit heavily deferred, $700-million contract to join the Dodgers this offseason.

This season, however, presented Ohtani a potentially once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

After undergoing Tommy John surgery late last season, Ohtani hasn’t been able to pitch all year. And while he has missed the mound, his singular focus as a designated hitter created possibilities that once seemed out of reach.

Ohtani had approached 50 home runs before, clubbing 46 of them in 2021 and 44 in just 135 games last season.

But his power this year has only been amplified. Ohtani’s 51 home runs are the most in the National League, and behind only Aaron Judge for the MLB lead. He is also the NL leader in slugging percentage, OPS and RBIs.

ADVERTISEMENT

Fifty stolen bases was the more unexpected accomplishment, a mark Ohtani might not have ever reached had he still been pitching.

As a full-time two-way player, he never swiped more than 26 in a single MLB season, always pacing himself on the base paths to conserve energy (and protect his body) while starting games roughly once per week.

DODGERS

How MLB and Dodgers are cashing in on Shohei Ohtani’s 50-50 milestone
Sept. 19, 2024

This year, though, Ohtani’s willingness to run — and confidence in doing so — has only grown as the season has progressed. With his two steals Thursday, he has now swiped 28 straight bags without being caught.

“He knew he wasn’t pitching this year, so I think he got a goal before the season started and it was to go for a lot of stolen bases and a lot of homers,” outfielder Teoscar Hernández said. “Everybody knows he can hit home runs. Everyone knows he can get stolen bases. But doing what he’s doing, he’s been consistent all year. He’s been amazing. All the work that he put in, it’s paying off.”

The only thing Ohtani failed to accomplish Thursday was his second career cycle, missing it by only a triple after getting thrown out trying to stretch his third-inning double to third.

Roberts also regretted that the 50-50 milestone didn’t take place at home, with large crowds expected at Dodger Stadium on an upcoming homestand.

ADVERTISEMENT

DODGERS

Hernández: Video of former Dodgers pitcher Julio Urías gives teams reasons not to sign him
Sept. 18, 2024

“I know that there’s a lot of fans in Los Angeles,” Roberts said, “that are disappointed that he didn’t do it in L.A.”

But delaying greatness isn’t Ohtani’s style.

Just like last month, when he became the sixth member of MLB’s 40-40 club by recording both No. 40s in the same game, he didn’t want his 50-50 pursuit to drag any longer.

“You can just see he had that look in his eye,” Roberts said. “He wanted to get this thing over tonight.”

More to Read
Plaschke: Most Valuable Ever! Shohei Ohtani wins MVP with best season in L.A. sports history
Nov. 21, 2024
Shohei Ohtani unanimously wins his third MVP award, and first with the Dodgers
Nov. 21, 2024
Hernández: How Shohei Ohtani drove himself to become a first-time World Series champion
Oct. 31, 2024
Show Comments
DODGERS
Newsletter

Are you a true-blue fan?

Get our Dodgers Dugout newsletter for insights, news and much more.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

Jack Harris
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Jack Harris covers the Dodgers for the Los Angeles Times. Before that, he covered the Angels, the Kings and almost everything else the L.A. sports scene had to offer. A Phoenix native, he originally interned at The Times before joining the staff in 2019.

More From the Los Angeles Times

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Diego Cartaya, face potential arbitration hearing with Alex Vesia
Jan. 9, 2025

DODGERS

Analysis: With Gavin Lux gone, how Dodgers might deploy more versatile lineup in 2025
Jan. 7, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Cincinnati Reds in wake of Hyeseong Kim signing
Jan. 6, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers sign Hyeseong Kim, finalize Teoscar Hernández return as roster takes shape
Jan. 3, 2025
Most Read in Dodgers

DODGERS

Analysis: Why October hero Walker Buehler was always likely to leave the Dodgers
Dec. 23, 2024

DODGERS

Dropped Aaron Judge ball sold by MLB (not Dodgers) gets $43,510 in auction
Dec. 16, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/dodgers/story/2024-09-19/shohei-ohtani-dodgers-50-50-milestone-home-runs-marlins 
 ----- 
