This website uses cookies
We have updated our privacy policy including our cookie policy.    If you continue using this website, we understand that you consent to our privacy policy as updated. By clicking on the button below, you accept the use of cookies by this website. You can change your cookie settings at any time by changing your browser settings or contacting your ISP.
DenyAllow all
Show details
29 December 2024, Sunday
RSS
View E-Paper
Home
>
Sports
>
Football
>
Friendly: Malta suffers humiliating defeat against Czech…
Friendly: Malta suffers humiliating defeat against Czech Republic
Friday, 7 June 2024, 20:51
Last update: about 8 months ago

Malta suffered a humiliating 1-7 defeat at the hands of the Czech Republic on Friday, in a friendly international played in Austria.

This was the first friendly for Malta in this end of season training camp with the second clash on Tuesday against Greece. The Czechs used this friendly in preparation for their forthcoming participation in the Euro 2024 and surely had some promising indications, even though the opponents in the Germany showdown will be different.

ADVERTISEMENT

For Malta a good first half display and a well taken goal, but the overall defensive performance especially in the second half left much to be desired.

The Czechs opened their account after six minutes when Fiorentina player Barak scored from the penalty spot. Malta controlled well and had some good patches but suffered a second goal just before the break with a Chytil goal who beat Bonello on the first post.

On the resumption Czechia increased their tempo and the Malta defence was at sixes and sevens at times. Two minutes into the second Jarusek scored a very good goal to make it 3-0 and on 58 minutes Chytil scored his second of the game when he headed home from close range.

Sixty seconds later some glory for malta who scored a good goal when Paul Mbong beat the offside trap, rounded the goalkeeper and scored with a low shot.

Minutes later Paul Mbong was again on the mark but his goal was ruled offside. On 71 minutes a Jarusek shot deceived Bonello who could only partially save, with the ball hitting the upright and Lingr was on hand to tap the ball home.

Six minutes from time Malta was down to ten when Joseph Mbong was sent off and the Czechs took advantage addind two further goals. On 86 minutes Jarusek scored his second of the game when he scored with a low drive from the left and with sixty seconds left Cerny scored the best of the lot when he beat Bonello from the edge of the area.

File photo

 

 
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
"No Outlets Around? Char ge Anywhere, Anytime!"
Portable Power Station | Search Ads
The U.S. Steel deal will save jobs
Ike Brannon
All Electric Cars for Senior s (Great Deals Now)
PopularSearches | Search Ads
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
2024 Affordable Outlande r SUV Hits the Streets
SUVs | Top Searcher Now
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
TrueSearches | Search Ads
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
Washington: Unsold Porta ble Power Station is alrea dy waiting for YOU
Portable Power Station | Search Ads
The Biden Administration Should Approve Nippon Steel/U.S. Steel
Ike Brannon
New Hyundai's On Sale
SearchTopics | Search Ads
Nissan's New Pathfinder SUV Is a Leader in Its Cate gory (Take a Look)
Qsearch | Search Ads
See Why Americans are Switching To The New Small SUV (The Prices...
BestSearches | Search Ads
New Electric SUVs Come with Tiny Price Tags (Take a Look)
CommonSearches | Search Ads
Football

Atalanta's 11-match win streak ends but…

Arsenal move up to second in the…

Haaland penalty failure and Fernandes…

Inter beat Como and close gap at the…

De Ketelaere has Atalanta dreaming with…

Liverpool rout Spurs 6-3 to take…

Premier League: Floriana win Opening…

Man City crisis deepens after another…

open
Terms of Use
Advertising Rates
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Declaration
Designed and developed by Deloitte Digital

Independent Online. ©2024. Standard Publications Ltd. Registered Office: Standard House, Birkirkara Hill, St. Julian’s, STJ 1149, Malta.

Ad 
Ad 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.independent.com.mt/articles/2024-06-07/football/Friendly-Malta-suffers-humiliating-defeat-against-Czech-Republic-6736261772 
 ----- 
