SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
England suffers shock defeat against Iceland on eve of Euro 2024

Topic:
Soccer

Fri 7 Jun
Friday 7 June

Harry Kane could not find the back of the net for a disappointing England team. (AP Photo: Kin Cheung)

abc.net.au/news/england-suffers-shock-defeat-to-iceland-on-eve-of-euro-2024/103954466
Link copied
Share article

England's Euro 2024 preparations took a hit on the eve of the tournament as the Three Lions slumped to a 1-0 loss against Iceland at Wembley.

Jón Dagur Þorsteinsson's first-half goal gave the Scandinavian non-qualifiers a surprise but deserved victory.

The defeat drew comparisons to England's stunning defeat to Iceland at the 2016 European Championships, a result that knocked England out of the tournament and cost Roy Hodgson his job.

"We had no width, there was no punch of directness or aggression or physicality in the play. It was really quite dismal," former England defender Matthew Upson said on BBC Radio commentary.

"It's not pleasant going into a major tournament. Even if they didn't play that well or had an off night that's fine, but what's been delivered there was really flat and disjointed. 

"It didn't have the character at all. So flat from England."

England coach Gareth Southgate told Channel 4 that the result was "good" for the team.

England only managed a single shot on target against the European minnows. (AP Photo: Kin Cheung)

"It was obviously a disjointed and disappointing performance and we didn't show enough character but I think it's good for us before an international tournament," Southgate said.

"I think we've got to be better without the ball. I think that there were a lot of reasons for that and across the two games we probably haven't had our full side out across any two games. 

"We've been able to look at people, we've been able to learn about the balance of the team.

"I've been involved in a lot of last matches leading into a tournament. Inevitably players have one eye on what's coming in terms of early challenges. 

"No excuses on the result but there are a lot of things we can put right quickly." 

Former England players Wayne Rooney and Joe Cole were also more positive, saying England needed to look at the bigger picture.

"The result is not the most important thing tonight, it's about players getting experience. They have to learn from tonight's game," Rooney said.

"I know there were a few boos after the game, this team is used to giving us performances and wins," added Cole.

"There's a few things to brush up on, but overall we're ready and we're going to be OK.

"It's disappointing but you have to give the players a bit of leeway. They'll be ready. This team has shown that in previous tournaments, so we have to trust them and believe in them."

Jón Dagur Þorsteinsson scored the only goal of the game at Wembley. (Getty Images: Richard Pelham)

Þorsteinsson scored in the 12th minute, finishing off a sharp break with a low shot through John Stones's legs to beat goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale at his near post.

The hosts spurned several opportunities to equalise, with Anthony Gordon slicing his shot well over the bar when in a similar position to Þorsteinsson two minutes after the goal.

Captain Harry Kane missed a golden chance in the 28th minute when he shinned Cole Palmer's cross over from six yards out.

But Iceland finished the stronger side and were good value for the win. They should have doubled their lead in the 63rd minute but Þorsteinsson sliced horribly wide, with Ramsdale also forced to save a Sverrir Ingason header and Kolbeinn Finnsson's audacious volley from the edge of the box.

ABC Sport Daily podcast

ABC Sport Daily is your daily sports conversation. We dive into the biggest story of the day and get you up to speed with everything else that's making headlines.

England pressed for a late equaliser but created few real chances and looked flat in their final game before the Euros in Germany, where they face Serbia in their opening Group C match in Gelsenkirchen next Sunday.

England only managed one shot on target in the entire contest.

Southgate will also have concerns over the fitness of centre back Stones, who was replaced at half-time after appearing to roll his ankle in the first minute.

Elsewhere, Germany needed substitute Pascal Gross's 89th-minute goal to secure a 2-1 win over Greece, a week before it opens the tournament against Scotland in Munich.

Poland beat neighbour Ukraine 3-1 and Scotland drew 2-2 with Finland.

Romania failed to beat one of Europe's smallest nations, Liechtenstein, in a 0-0 draw. 

The Czech Republic cruised to a 7-1 win over Malta and Albania beat Azerbaijan 3-1.

ABC/Wires

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Fri 7 Jun 2024 at 10:12pm
Friday 7 Jun 2024 at 10:12pm
Related stories

Topic:
UEFA European Championship

England embarrassed by Iceland in shock 2-1 loss
Photo shows Iceland celebrates, England despairs
Related topics

England

England Soccer

Soccer

UEFA European Championship

Top Stories
Plane carrying 181 crashes in South Korea, with only two confirmed survivors

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

Photo shows Fire on a crashed plane with thick smoke.
Four homes now confirmed destroyed by Grampians National Park fire

Topic:
Fires

School chaplain killed in shark attack while spearfishing off Queensland coast

Topic:
Shark Attacks

Bushwalker's body found in Tasmania's remote south-west

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

One person dead, another seriously injured in NSW plane crash

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

Just In
Man dies in Carlton Beach rescue after helping four children in distress

Topic:
Accidents and Emergency Incidents

43m ago
43 minutes ago
One person dead, another seriously injured in NSW plane crash

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

1h ago
1 hours ago
Celestial V70 named as provisional overall winner of this year's Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race

Topic:
Sailing

2h ago
2 hours ago
Evacuation order as bushfires bear down on communities in WA's Mid West

Topic:
Bushfires

1h ago
1 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-06-08/england-suffers-shock-defeat-to-iceland-on-eve-of-euro-2024/103954466 
 ----- 
