Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
BUSINESS
Labour disputes threaten to disrupt air travel heading into busy summer season

More than 9,000 border service workers across the country could go on strike as soon as Thursday.

Updated July 2, 2024 at 2:21 p.m.
June 5, 2024
3 min read
Save

People line up before entering the security zone at Toronto’s Pearson airport. The union representing border service workers will be in a position to strike as of June 6.

Nathan Denette / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo
By Ghada AlsharifWork and Wealth Reporter

From potential strikes at the border to stalled contract negotiations with major airlines, the Canadian travel industry is facing a perfect storm of worker discontent that threatens to disrupt summer travel plans, with experts predicting labour disputes to continue for at least the next year.

Canadians and visitors could find themselves waiting in long lines at the border — delays that could also deal a blow to the economy — as more than 9,000 border service workers employed across the country by the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) could go on strike as soon as Thursday.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Ghada Alsharif is a Toronto-based work and wealth reporter for the Star. Reach Ghada via email: galsharif@torstar.ca.

Related Stories
Air Canada pilots union to seek conciliator, says parties are far apart in talks
Border services workers at airports and crossings expected to vote for strike mandate Wednesday, could walk off the job by June
Air Canada ranks last for on-time performance in North America
 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Business
BUSINESS
Donald Trump appears to side with Elon Musk and tech allies in debate over foreign workers, roiling his supporters
Article was updated 3 hrs ago
Comments
BUSINESS
OPINION
Why 2025 is a year of opportunity for the new homes market
16 hrs ago
Comments
BUSINESS
OPINION
Rod McQueen: He was a prime minister and a Bay Street player. He lost elections and influence. John Turner didn’t shy away from the arena
17 hrs ago
Comments
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
Article was updated 4 hrs ago
Comments
QUIZ
OPINION
David Olive: Swiftonomics, the Trump billionaire bump, and oily ‘gifts from god:’ Test your business knowledge of the year that was
21 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/business/labour-disputes-threaten-to-disrupt-air-travel-heading-into-busy-summer-season/article_33d17f24-21ef-11ef-ad85-7f042001a82c.html 
 ----- 
