India
World
Movies
Sport
Data
Health
Opinion
Science
Business
Premium
Menu 
SCIENCE
DATA
OPINION
SEARCH 
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
Open in The Hindu App
FREE TRIAL
LOGIN
SUBSCRIBE
SCIENCE
DATA
OPINION
SEARCH 
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
England wins rain-affected T20 World Cup match and must sweat on Scotland
England has extended its defense of the Twenty20 World Cup title for a few more hours after a must-win over Namibia in a rain-affected match in Antigua

Published - June 16, 2024 06:05 am IST - NORTH SOUND, Antigua

AP
READ LATER
PRINT

: Harry Brook of England hits a six as he bats during the ICC Men’s T20 Cricket World Cup West Indies & USA 2024 match between Namibia and England at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium on June 15, 2024 in Antigua, Antigua and Barbuda. | Photo Credit: Getty Images

England's defense of the Twenty20 World Cup title lived on for a few more hours after a must-win over Namibia in a rain-affected match on June 15.

To reach the Super Eight, England first had to beat Namibia in their maiden T20 matchup. Persistent showers almost ruined the chance, but the match started three hours late and was reduced to 11 overs, then 10 overs after another heavy shower.

England was made to bat first and rallied to 122-5.

Namibia, given a rain-adjusted target of 126, managed only 84-3 and lost by 41 runs.

England did what it had to, then had to wait a few more hours and hope Scotland lost to Australia in Saint Lucia to be sure of advancing from Group B.

England was anxious for most of the day, thanks to the weather. It had already suffered one washout — its opener against Scotland — and a second washout in four group games would have sent it home.

Because of what was at stake, the umpires waited as long as possible at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium to get play underway.

England lost the plot early. Only one run was taken from the opening over bowled by 39-year-old David Wiese, captain Jos Buttler was bowled for a duck by fast bowler Ruben Trumpelmann, and Wiese returned to nick out the other opener, Phil Salt.

England was 13-2 after 13 balls.

Jonny Bairstow and Harry Brook counterattacked. Bairstow made 31 off 18 balls just before the last rain delay. Brook finished with an unbeaten 47 off 20, and had late support from Moeen Ali and Liam Livingstone, who both contributed to taking 21 runs off the last over.

Namibia's chase was relatively fast but not fast enough. Opener Michael van Lingen, after 33 off 29, was pulled out under the pretense of retiring hurt, and Wiese inserted to up the run rate. He duly delivered 27 off 12 but it was too late.

India washout

The India-Canada game in Florida was abandoned without a ball bowled.

The outfield in Broward County Stadium was too wet for play, and the match was called off only an hour after its scheduled morning start.

While there was light rain on Saturday morning, the outfield was damp from Friday showers which led to a second straight abandoned game at the venue. The United States-Ireland game on Friday never started. Pakistan and Ireland are scheduled to play at the ground on Sunday.

While the teams waited for a decision, India’s Rishabh Pant and coach Rahul Dravid went to the boundary to sign autographs, and Virat Kohli posed with some of the Canada players.

Unbeaten India had already qualified for the Super Eight as the Group A winner. Canada finished group play with only a precious win over Ireland.

India starts the Super Eight against Afghanistan on Thursday in Barbados.

Published - June 16, 2024 06:05 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

cricket / Twenty20 World Cup

Most Popular
Row over dress code: Ban orders in Kodagu village
Interview | I will be smarter and go for the top-50, says Sumit Nagal
Jasprit Bumrah among nominees for ICC Test Cricketer of the Year honour
SA vs PAK first Test: South Africa stumbles to 27-3 in pursuit of tricky 148-run target against Pakistan
SA vs PAK first Test: South Africa collapses to 116-8 against Pakistan as fast bowler Abbas shines in 1st Test
How India can reach WTC Final: Win at SCG and hope for Sri Lankan series victory or draw against Australia
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
News 
Maharashtra elections 2024 
Jharkhand elections 2024 LIVE 
Bitcoin price 
Tamil Nadu rains: Schools, colleges closed 
Mission Impossible: The final reckoning trailer released 
Bitcoin price 
Tulsi Gabbard news 
Haryana earthquake 
AMD Layoffs 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Mohun Bagan 
Paralympics 2024 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE PREFERENCES

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 
 
Your choices regarding cookies on this site

Please choose whether this site may use cookies or related technologies such as web beacons, pixel tags and flash objects (“Cookies”) as described below. You can learn more about how this site uses these technologies by reading our privacy policy.

Your choices on this site will be applied globally. This means that your settings will be applied, by default, to other sites of The Hindu Group. You can change your mind and revisit your preferences at any time by accessing the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of this site.

We and our partners (108)

We and our partners: (108) process personal data such as IP Address, Unique ID, browsing data for: Store and/or access information on a device | Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, and audience research | Content based on limited data and content measurement | Personalised content | Develop and improve services | Use precise geolocation data | Actively scan device characteristics for identification.

Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data; instead, they rely on their legitimate business interests. View our list of partners to see the purposes they believe they have a legitimate interest for and how you can object to it.

Manage
Cookie Settings
Accept All
and Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/england-wins-rain-affected-t20-world-cup-match-and-must-sweat-on-scotland/article68295010.ece 
 ----- 
