  
Brentford vs. Arsenal: 12 hrs 41 mins
Headlines
Football
Previews
Transfer News
Tables
Stats Centre
F1
Tennis
Cricket
Rugby U
NBA
Betting
More
Preview: Plymouth vs. Bristol CityPreview: QPR vs. WatfordPreview: Millwall vs. OxfordPreview: Leeds vs. BlackburnToday's previews
Home > Cricket > T20 World Cup > England > Previews
T20 World Cup
HomeNewsPast winnersIndia win 2024 World Cup
CRICKET
Preview: T20 World Cup: England vs. Oman - prediction, team news, series so far
By Darren Plant, Senior Reporter
Published: June 11 2024 | 16:30
Last updated: June 15 2024 | 21:41

England go up against Oman in the T20 World Cup on Thursday knowing that only a win will do if they wish to have any chance of progressing from Group B.

Jos Buttler's side realistically need to produce one of their most dominant performances in the history of this competition to catch-up with Scotland's superior net-run-rate.

Match preview

© Reuters

Before the tournament, the assumption was that England and Australia would breeze through Group B given the presence of Scotland, Namibia and Oman as their opponents.

However, England face the genuine prospect of an early exit, the persistent rain during their fixture with Scotland benefitting the minnows far more than the defending champions.

Scotland have since reached five points and accumulated a huge net-run-rate with one match remaining, a fixture against Australia on June 15.

Having lost to the Baggy Greens on Saturday, England must now post victories by wide margins against Oman and Namibia if they are to threaten the Tartan Army.

Although England can count themselves unfortunate against Scotland, Australia were deserved winners at the weekend, hitting over 200 runs with the bat and England simply failing to keep touch in their reply.

As for Oman, they can be satisfied with the account that they have given in this tournament, with the downside being they suffered a super-over defeat to Namibia in their opening fixture.

Respect was earned in only going down by 39 runs to Australia, but they were comprehensively outplayed by Scotland last time out, Scotland reaching their target of 151 with 41 balls to spare.

England are naturally clear favourites to make their extra class count in this contest, yet Oman causing some issues during periods in the game would not come as a surprise.

Team News

The places of several England players are at risk with Jonny Bairstow, Liam Livingstone and Mark Wood potentially missing out.

Ben Duckett, Sam Curran and Reece Topley will all feel they can bring something to the side if handed an opportunity.

Meanwhile, Zeeshan Maqsood may drop out of the Oman side after scores of one and three respectively, with Kashyap Prajapati possibly being recalled in his place.

Mohammad Nadeem - who is 41 years of age - will also hope to be recalled for what may be his final game at this level of cricket.


England squad: Jos Buttler (c), Moeen Ali, Jofra Archer, Jonathan Bairstow, Harry Brook, Sam Curran, Ben Duckett, Tom Hartley, Will Jacks, Chris Jordan, Liam Livingstone, Adil Rashid, Phil Salt, Reece Topley, Mark Wood

Oman squad: Aqib Ilyas (c), Zeeshan Maqsood, Kashyap Prajapati, Pratik Athavale, Ayaan Khan, Shoaib Khan, Mohammad Nadeem, Naseem Khushi, Mehran Khan, Bilal Khan, Rafiullah, Kaleemullah, Fayyaz Butt, Shakeel Ahmad, Khalid Kail

Series so far

England

Match One: No result
Scotland - 90-0 (10)
England - did not bat

Match Two: Australia won by 36 runs
Australia - 201-7 (20)
England - 165-6 (20)

Oman

Match One: Namibia won super-over
Oman - 109 (19.4) and 10-1
Namibia - 109-6 (20) and 21-0

Match Two: Australia win by 39 runs
Australia - 164-5 (20)
Oman - 125-9 (20)

Match Three: Scotland won by seven wickets
Oman - 150-7 (20)
Pakistan - 153-3 (13.1)

We say: England to win

Much could depend on the toss with England's openers having the ability to take the game away from Oman before it has really started. The 2022 winners should come through with flying colours and they will want to win well given Scotland's efforts versus the same opponents.

Written by
Darren Plant
Previews by email
Click here to get Sports Mole's daily email of previews and predictions for every major game!


Share this article now:

     

Read more about Jos Buttler Jonny Bairstow Liam Livingstone Mark Wood Ben Duckett Sam Curran Reece Topley Zeeshan Maqsood Kashyap Prajapati Mohammad Nadeem Cricket
Follow @SportsMole for the latest breaking news stories, and follow @sm_headlines to get every headline from Sports Mole
Recommended Next on SM
ICC T20 World Cup 2024: Confirmed squads, fixtures, team previews, tournament format
Happy New Year Reds! Salah on brink of Liverpool renewal as last 'obstacle' revealed
Man United 'set debut target' for teenage prodigy Obi-Martin
'Killed off' - Liverpool issue 'emphatic' response to Real Madrid's first move
"They were smarter than us" - England duo react to T20 World Cup loss to Australia
India take charge against dismal England in fifth Test
Which teenagers could light up Euro 2024?
'Particular intent' - Liverpool to receive De Jong boost from shock Barca move?
Sport News 24/7 
1
Brentford vs. Arsenal injury, suspension list, predicted XIs
2
Tormentor to teammate? Delap breaks silence on Chelsea transfer rumours
3
Latest David Alaba update: Real Madrid injury news vs. Valencia
4
"Goals written all over it": Why Arsenal, Brentford will serve up New Year's Day feast
5
Happy New Year Reds! Salah on brink of Liverpool renewal as last 'obstacle' revealed
6
Brentford out to extend New Year's Day unbeaten run against Arsenal
7
Imminent arrival: Bournemouth on verge of signing 'rising MLS talent'
8
Ex-Arsenal chief could hold the key as Athletic 'identify Williams replacement'
9
Rangers vs. Celtic - prediction, team news, lineups
10
'Particular intent' - Liverpool to receive De Jong boost from shock Barca move?
> View all headlines


Sport News 24/7 

Subscribe to our newsletter



Sports Mole provides in-depth previews and predictions for every match from the biggest leagues and competitions in world football.
Sign up for our FREE daily preview newsletter direct to your inbox!
FOOTBALL
Football News
Fixtures & Results
Previews
Transfer Talk
Stat Centre
LEAGUES
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
Tennis News
Results
RUGBY UNION
Rugby Union News
Six Nations
Gallagher Premiership Table
RUGBY LEAGUE
Rugby League News
Super League Table
BETTING
Bet365 Promo Code
Betano Promo Code
MrQ Promo Code
CRICKET
Cricket News
FORMULA 1
F1 News
GOLF
NBA
CYCLING
ATHLETICS
NFL
MORE SPORTS
OFF THE PITCH
SPORTS MOLE
About Sports Mole
Advertising
Sports Mole FAQs
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Newsletter
Jobs with SM
SM on Facebook
SM on Twitter
SM on Instagram
SM on LinkedIn
SM on YouTube
18+ Please Gamble Responsibly  
© 2011-2025 Sports Mole Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/cricket/england/t20-world-cup/preview/preview-t20-world-cup-england-vs-oman-prediction-team-news-series-so-far_545672.html 
 ----- 
