Skip to Search
Skip to Live Player
Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
We Just Witnessed The Worst Choke In Phillies History
 
HOME
ABOUT
ARTICLES
PODCASTS
LISTICLE
We Just Witnessed The Worst Choke In Phillies History
Author and Dylan MacKinnon
October 24th, 2023 12:00 AM
PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA - OCTOBER 24: Bryce Harper #3 of the Philadelphia Phillies reacts after flying out against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the seventh inning in Game Seven of the Championship Series at Citizens Bank Park on October 24, 2023 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

I was only a few months old when Mitch Williams gave up a walk-off HR to Joe Carter to end the Phillies’ hopes in 1993. So perhaps I just do not have the perspective to know how that moment felt. But as a 30-year-old man, I can say I have never witnessed a choke as bad as what we just saw with the Phillies. For the first time ever, they had a series go to 7 games. And despite having the home crowd behind them, and Ranger Suarez on the mound, they could not get the job done. They lost 4-2, and their season is over.

A week ago, they went up 2-0 in the series after beating the Diamondbacks 1o-0. 4 losses in 5 games later, they are taking an early vacation. In 5 of those games, they scored 2 or fewer runs. That includes tonight. Their so-called star players, Schwarber, Turner, Harper, Realmuto, and Castellanos, went 2 for 19. Castellanos and Turner end their postseason both on prolonged hitless streaks after both coming into the series as hot as anyone in baseball.

Last year they just ran into a better team. 2011 was bad. But they got their loss out of the way in the NLDS, and the bats had been leaking oil coming into the playoffs. In 2010 the Giants were a scorching hot team with a great rotation. And in 2009, they lost to an incredibly talented Yankees team. But this? This feels like the Sixers losing to the Hawks. It feels like the Eagles losing to the Jake Delhome Panthers. It’s a team they were far more talented than, but somehow lost to.

That’s no disrespect to the Diamondbacks. They fought, they clawed, and got the job done. They deserve to be in the World Series. But you compare these two rosters, and it just does not quite compare. But here we are. With them getting ready to travel to Texas, and the Phillies getting their golf clubs ready.

As much talent as this team has, as great as they looked in the NLDS and games 1 and 2, they could not get the job done. It’s the type of loss you dont get over easily. The type of thing we will still be talking about 10 years from now. Like 1 bloody nil, the Kawhi Leonard quadruple bouncing game-winning shot, or Ronde Barber’s pick 6. Phillies fans gave this team nothing but love. But now? A loss like this is hard to overcome.

For now, we are just left in stunned silence. The Phillies season is over. There will be no return trip to the World Series. No chance of redemption. It is on to the next big thing. We will put all our hopes in the Eagles. But we will be feeling the pain of this choke for a long time.

Listen to or Watch  ‘The Best Show Ever?’ Live on the 97.5 The Fanatic and on NBC Sports Philly from 2 to 6 pm Every Weekday
WEEK 8 POWER RANKINGS ROUND UP- EAGLES ALONE ATOP THE NFC

For all the complaining and worrying we have done about the Eagles this year, they are now alone atop the NFC heading into week 8. They took care of their business in week 7, while both the Niners and Lions lost. In the 49ers’ case, it is their second loss in a row. So at 6-1, the Eagles currently have the best record in the NFC. They are also tied for the best record in the NFL.

The Eagles are coming off their most impressive win of the season. Their defense held the number one offense in the league to just one TD. The Dolphins scored 17 points, but 10 came off turnovers. One literally on a pick 6, and another after a fumble that started the Dolphins in field goal range. The Tyreek Hill TD on their final drive of the first half was the one time the defense let the Dolphins get the best of them. And on the back of that great performance, they just added All-Pro Safety Kevin Byard to the mix. Instantly filling their biggest hole with the best player available.

And the offense looked mostly good too, apart from the two turnovers. The Dolphins defense is nothing too special, but they still hung 31 points on them. And apart from the first drive of the game, they finally looked good in the Red Zone, scoring a TD on 4 of 6 trips. Yes, the turnovers have become a concerning trend, but otherwise, the Eagles are in the top 5 of both yards and points per game.

But is that all enough for them finally to get some respect? Or are the National Media types around the NFL still putting the Eagles down because of their slowish start?

Let’s take a look around the NFL, to see where the Eagles are in the Power Rankings Heading Into Week 8:
ESPN- 2 (Previously- 4)

“Carter, 22, has made a strong case for Rookie Defensive Player of the Year to this point. He has generated 27 pressures to go with 3.5 sacks. His constant disruption up front has forced the opposition to give him extra attention. Carter has been double-teamed on 51.7% of his snaps and has the third-most pressures (8) when double-teamed, per NFL Next Gen stats.” 

There was a lot of concern that the Eagles would miss Javon Hargrave. But while Hargrave has still been great with the Niners, Carter has filled that hole. He has not only been great as a pass rusher but maybe even better against the run. Last year the Eagles got after the QB at a historical rate, but at times struggled against the run. This year, they are still getting after the QB, but are also the best run defense in the league. They just shut down Breece Hall and Raheem Mostert two weeks in a row.  

ESPN Power Rankings

The Athletic- 2 (Previously 4)

“There’s a growing sentiment that the NFL’s competition committee is going to ban the play in the offseason, but why? What is more of a football play than your big guys pushing their big guys back a yard, or two or three in the Eagles’ case? There should be a benefit to getting to third- and fourth-and-short plays.”

Thank you. Finally, some sense. The people whining and crying about the Tush Push have no good reason for why it should be banned. We have seen it is not an unstoppable play when other teams run it. The Vikings botched it in the Red Zone on Monday Night. You don’t ban plays just because one team is really good at it.

The Athletic’s Power Rankings

Yahoo Sports- 2 (Previously- 4)

“What mind control does general manager Howie Roseman have over the rest of the NFL? The Titans traded safety Kevin Byard, a former first-team All-Pro, for safety Terrell Edmunds and a couple of late-round draft picks. Byard is just 30 and not done as an elite player. What a steal for the Eagles. Again.”

Last year it was the mid-season signings of Linval Joseph and Ndamukong Suh to fix the Eagles’ run defense. In 2017 it was the Jay Ajayi trade. Howie can always be counted on for midseason moves to fix the team’s biggest issue. And now he has done it again by getting an Elite NFL steal for two day 3 picks and the guy they may have cut to make room for him anyway. Thank you, Howie.

Yahoo Sports Power Rankings

Sports Illustrated -1 (Previously 3)

“The beauty of having someone like A.J. Brown on your roster is that, like a physical running back, he is challenging the secondary with each catch. There is such effort devoted to keeping the ball out of his hands, and that strain is only multiplied when Brown has the ball and is barreling his way forward. Sunday’s win was a good reminder of just how deep the Eagles roster is.”

Brown was great last year. This year he is somehow even better. 5 straight games now with at least 125 yards by him. He is right up there with Tyreek Hill as one of the elite WRs in the league.

https://x.com/NFL/status/1716282102113788341?s=20

Sports Illustrated- 1 (Previously 3)

Pro Football Talk- 2 (Previously 5)

“They could QB push their way to the Super Bowl, again.”

At least for once, Mike Florio is being positive when he puts zero effort into his power rankings. It’s better than him taking some random imprecise shot at them like he usually does with his one sentence. The pun is lame though.

Pro Football Talk’s Power Rankings

USA Today -2 (Previously 4)

“Going back to the 2022 season, Philadelphia is 41-for-44 (93.2%) when using the “Brotherly Shove” while needing 1 yard to convert a first down. “Every first down, it’s first-and-9,” HC Nick Sirianni said Sunday night after Philly went 4-for-4 on the “Tush Push” against Miami.”

If everybody could do it, everybody would. It’s not unfair, the Eagles are just good at it. Is it unfair that the Dolphins are so good at getting the ball to Tyreek Hill for deep shots? Was it unfair when Darrelle Revis was pretty much a lock to shut down the opposing WR? No? So why is it unfair that the Eagles have an elite Center and QB combo who can run the play without fail?

USA Today’s Power Rankings

Bleacher Report-1 (Previously 3)

“The Eagles defense put the clamps on the NFL’s top-ranked offense Sunday night. The Dolphins had negative-seven rushing yards in the first half—their fewest in a half since 2009. Miami managed just 244 yards of total offense—less than half its season average. It scored just one offensive touchdown.”

Is this defense actually really good? There were valid concerns early on. But now with the addition of Kevin Byard, they have an elite D-Line and a damn good secondary. In 4 of the last 5 games, they held the opposing team under 300 total yards. Sean Desai deserves endless credit for the job he has done. He is an upgrade over Jonathan Gannon.

Bleacher Report’s Power Rankings

CBS Sports- 2 (Previously 5)

“The defense came up big against a good Miami offense Sunday night. That’s a good sign going forward. Jalen Hurts still doesn’t look all the way right, but he’s close.”

Yeah Hurts has not been as perfect as he was last year. And the turnovers have been a major issue the last two weeks. But he is also throwing much better. And even in that Jets game, he was making some incredible plays before his awful mistake that cost them the game. So there is no need to hit the panic button yet.

CBS Sports Power Rankings

Listen To Or Watch  'The Best Show Ever?' Live On The 97.5 The Fanatic And On NBC Sports Philly From 2 To 6 Pm Every Weekday

 

Tyrone Johnson is the host of “The Best Show Ever” on 97.5 The Fanatic. He has been with the station for the past 8 years. Before working at the Fanatic, Tyrone produced political radio, did financial reports, and was assistant chief engineer of another radio station. As a content creator for 97.5 The Fanatic, Tyrone writes articles on the Sixers, Eagles, Phillies, and Flyers.
Sign Up For The Fanatic MVP Insider Newsletter
Get the info you need on the Philly Sports landscape, events you need to know about, exclusive contests, and more.
Email *
SUBSCRIBE
By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time.
Author and Dylan MacKinnon
Category:
Phillies // MLB
TAGS: 
BRYCE HARPER,MLB,PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
MORE PHILLIES // MLB
Philadelphia Phillies MLB Offseason Profiles: Joe Ross
Phillies MLB Offseason Profiles: Jesús Luzardo
Phillies MLB Offseason Profiles: Max Kepler
Phillies MLB Offseason Profiles: Jordan Romano
The Top 10 Biggest Storylines From Philly Sports in 2024
Where Do Phillies Stand in MLB Offseason After Jesús Luzardo Trade?
Phillies Sign OF Max Kepler To 1-Year Deal Worth $10 Million
Phillies MLB Offseason Targets: Jurickson Profar
Phillies MLB Offseason Targets: Anthony Santander
Jordan Romano Is A Low-Risk, High-Reward Move For Phillies
Phillies MLB Offseason Targets: Teoscar Hernandez
Phillies MLB Offseason Targets: Alex Bregman
A Ranger Suarez Trade Makes Too Much Sense For The Phillies To Ignore
It Sure Seems Like The Phillies Want To Trade Alec Bohm
Could Juan Soto Actually Sign With The Phillies?
Evaluating 3 Philadelphia Phillies Rumored in MLB Trade Market
Evaluating 3 Phillies Rumored in MLB Trade Market: Brandon Marsh
Evaluating 3 Phillies Rumored in MLB Trade Market: Alec Bohm
Evaluating 3 Phillies Rumored in MLB Trade Market: Nick Castellanos
How The Phillies Can Learn From the Dodgers Success
Stay Or Go- Will Austin Hays Be Back With The Phillies in 2025?
Philadelphia Phillies Offseason Stay Or Go: J.T. Realmuto
Stay Or Go: Will Johan Rojas Roam CF For Phillies In 2025?
Why Cliff Lee Nearly Showed Up Late to Game 1 of the World Series
Phillies Have No Excuse After Watching Dodgers Crush The Mets
4 Realistic Options For the Phillies To Upgrade Left Field
Juan Soto Unlikely To Come To Phillies, But Dont Rule It Out
Evaluating Rob Thomson After 3 Seasons As Phillies Manager
Dave Dombrowski Keeps Any Off-Season Plans To Himself
Phillies Franchise Heroes Gather For Darren Daulton Golf Outing
Conflicting Views About Unpredictable Nature of MLB Playoffs
The Phillies Core Is Rotten, And It Needs To Change
Stay or Go- Is Alec Bohm Still the Phillies Future at 3rd?
Dave Dombrowski Haunted by Familiar Enemy in NLDS
Phillies Need Major Changes After 2nd Playoff Failure
Ranger Suarez Stats Vs Mets Lineup- Game 4 Preview
Phillies Bats Vs Jose Quintana- NLDS Game 4 Preview
Phillies Fans Guilty of “The Steinbrenner Doctrine”
Bryce Harper Is 1 Of The Greatest Playoff Performers Ever
CT’s Top 3: The Top Storylines for NLDS Game 3
Phillies Bats Vs Mets Starter Sean Manaea- Game 3 Preview
Phillies-Mets NLDS Games 3, 4 to Air on 97.5 The Fanatic
Aaron Nola Stats Vs This Mets Lineup- Game 3 Preview
CT’s Top 3: Takeaways From The Philadelphia Phillies’ Weekend
Analyzing Phillies Chase Rate Issue During Classic NLDS Battle
Nick Castellanos Comes Up Clutch To Save The Phillies Season
97.5 The Fanatic To Carry NLDS Game 2 Radio Broadcast
Phillies Hand Away NLDS Game 1 to Red Hot Mets
Download our station app

Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!

About
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Personal Data Request
Terms of Service
Advertiser’s Terms and Conditions
DMCA
EEO
FCC Public File
FCC Applications
Connect
Subscribe To The MVP Insider Newsletter 
Download The Free Fanatic App
The Fanatic Alexa Skill
Sponsors
Contest Rules
Help
Learn How to Advertise in Philadelphia
By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.Privacy Policy
Customize Settings
Disable All
Accept All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://975thefanatic.com/2023/10/25/we-just-witnessed-the-worst-choke-in-phillies-history/ 
 ----- 
