CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 01:09, March 27, 2024 | Updated: 01:21, March 27, 2024
Wu Lei shines as China crush S'pore 4-1 in World Cup qualifier
By Xinhua
Share

Wu Lei of China greets the spectators after winning the group C match of 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers between China and Singapore in North China's Tianjin municipality on March 26, 2024. (PHOTO / XINHUA)

TIANJIN - Wu Lei contributed two goals and one assist for China as the home team beat Singapore 4-1 in Group C of the 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers second stage here on Tuesday.


After the previous match between the two teams in Singapore last Thursday, where the Chinese team squandered a 2-0 lead to ultimately draw 2-2, China sat third in the group with four points, trailing group leader South Korea by three points and behind Thailand on goal difference, while Singapore had only one point.

Chinese head coach Branko Ivankovic benched captain Zhang Linpeng and goalkeeper Yan Junling for Tuesday's match, as Gao Zhunyi and Wang Dalei took their places. Singapore changed five starters due to injury and suspension.

Liu Yang (second left) of China breaks through during the group C match of 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers between China and Singapore in North China's Tianjin municipality on March 26, 2024. (PHOTO / XINHUA)

In a full stadium of 42,977 spectators, China broke the deadlock in the 21st minute, when Wu looped the ball over goalkeeper Hassan Sunny into the net, thanks to a direct pass from Zhang Yuning.

However, just seconds after the breakthrough, Chinese left back Liu Yang made a huge mistake, leaving Ryhan Stewart unmarked to deliver a right cross for Faris Ramli to score a free header.

The home team missed several goal-scoring opportunities in the rest of the first half and didn't retake the lead until the 65th minute as Fei Nanduo scored his first international goal from a spot kick, after Gao Zhunyi was fouled in the penalty area.

Players of China and Singapore vie for the ball during the group C match of 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers between China and Singapore in North China's Tianjin municipality on March 26, 2024. (PHOTO / XINHUA)

In the 68th minute, Wu was booked and the team's leading goalscorer will therefore miss the next critical match against Thailand for yellow card accumulation.

Chinese midfielder Li Yuanyi made a dangerous tackle in the 80th minute and was sent off with a direct red card.

Despite playing with one man down, Wu dribbled all the way from center circle and unleashed a thunder shot into the far corner in the 85th minute to make it 3-1 for China.

Fans cheer for China before the group C match of 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers between China and Singapore in North China's Tianjin municipality on March 26, 2024. (PHOTO / XINHUA)

Five minutes later, Wu assisted Wei Shihao to score an open goal, sealing the 4-1 victory in the must-win match.

In the other group C match on Tuesday, South Korea won over Thailand 3-0 away and leads the group with ten points. China now moves up to the second place in the group with seven points, three points ahead of Thailand.

China will play the last two group matches against Thailand and South Korea respectively in June. The top two teams of the group will proceed to the next round.

Share
ALSO READ
MORE
Chinese men make a racket in 2024
Chinese tennis star Zheng Qinwen enjoys an ace season
China's sprinter Su Bingtian to retire after 2025 National Games
Fan Zhendong responds to WTT statement on withdrawal, fines
Frustrated Djokovic says players kept in dark over high-profile doping cases
Late Sottil goal earns Fiorentina 2-2 draw at Juventus
Milan held to 1-1 draw by Roma's magic moment
Napoli draw level with leaders Atalanta after 1-0 win over Venezia
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columnists
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2024. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/382927 
 ----- 
