News
Today's news
US
Politics
World
Tech
Climate change
Health
Science
Originals
Newsletters
Life
Health
Parenting
Style and beauty
Horoscopes
Shopping
Food
Travel
Autos
Gift ideas
Buying guides
Entertainment
Celebrity
TV
Movies
Music
How to Watch
Interviews
Videos
Finance
My portfolio
News
Markets
Sectors
Screeners
Personal finance
Videos
Crypto
Industries
Sports
Fantasy
Daily fantasy
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
Soccer
College football
Show all
New on Yahoo
Creators
Games
Tech
Editions
US
© 2024
All rights reserved.
Search query
Mail
Sign in
Advertisement
Close this content
Today in Tech
Best tech gifts at Walmart
OLED TVs compared: LG vs. Sony vs. Sansui
Best soundbars for 2024: Tested and reviewed
Best open-ear headphones for 2024
WoW's new pirate battle royale ignites a baffling flame war between PvP and PvE players, meanwhile Blizzard's ramping up the rewards to make the grind a touch kinder
Harvey Randall
Thu, March 21, 2024 at 5:02 PM UTC
3 min read
An image of a Pandaren and a Gnome taunting their enemies in World of Warcraft's new Battle Royale mode, Plunderstorm.
More

World of Warcraft's funky, limited-time event, Plunderstorm, is just fine by my making. I've played a handful of rounds, and experienced a slightly-clunky romp where you kill some enemies and messily try to land some skillshots Guild Wars 2 style in an MMO not really built for it. But hey, you can get some mounts out of the whole deal.

For the completely uninitiated, Plunderstorm is a battle royale mode that's separate from the main game. You dip in with a custom-made pirate avatar, run around collecting plunder, and fight to be the last swab standing. The more plunder you collect, the more renown you earn—the more renown you earn, the more rewards you unlock for your actual WoW characters.

Issue being, that rewards track is somewhat slow—though it should be faster now, as per a hotfix. Here's a full run-down of the exact changes:

Advertisement

Plunder dropped by other players significantly increased.*

Plunder from non-player enemies increased by 50%.

Plunder from golden chests doubled.

Top placement in a match now rewards 500 Plunder (was 100).

*Please note: when you die, you do not lose any of your own plunder. With this change, you’re now worth more plunder to others, depending on how much you’ve collected during the match.

So that should be fine, right? Well, ah, some people are still mad. On the WoW forums, there's some tension around the makeup of the PvP-only Plunderstorm. The 'problem' with the mode unfolding, from where I'm sitting, is derived from the strangeness of adding a PvP-focused mode during a lull in PvE content—one which has rewards that PvE players want, as well.

There are plenty of threads, comments, and slap-fights going on right now, so let's focus in on replies to the reward buff announcement itself: "Incentivizing people to hunt down and kill those who were already struggling are just there to grind the renown is NOT the way to go with this, y’all. Absolutely asinine," writes one player to the tune of 70-odd likes. Another adds that the changes make it "extremely clear their only intention for PvE players in Plunderstorm is to provide fodder to the PvP ego."

It's a strange reaction to a mode where the entire point is hunting down other players (or surviving like a stowaway bilge rat), but it's all rather fascinating from a social perspective. PvP and PvE players are two entirely separate beasts, and for a limited-time event they've been made to wear the same get-along t-shirt. Granted, from what I understand WoW has typically 'suffered' from a slow pace of PvP-oriented content—it's just that the losers are the strict PvE players this time around.

Advertisement

And look, I get it: if the grind is slow, and you don't enjoy PvP, but you really want the transmogs, then Plunderstorm is annoying. It might've been nice for Blizzard to, say, allow you to get chunks of rep in the main game doing dungeon finder runs or something.

Alternatively, make it so the rewards system isn't a linear track but a currency you can spend. That way, it'd take the same amount of time to unlock everything, but if you want something specific you can get it faster and bounce. A rare convenience in a post-battle pass world.

But the line drawn between "I do not enjoy this event" and "people PvPing in a Battle Royale mode are griefing" is wild to me. Especially since you still keep all the plunder you snagged before you died.

Regardless, I don't exactly envy the balancing act Blizzard has accidentally saddled itself with. The developers need to keep the reward track moving fast enough so players who aren't having a good time can get what they want, but they also need to keep it slow enough so the active Plunderstorm player base doesn't just vanish overnight. It's an accidental lose-lose situation for a mode that's still a genuinely cool experiment for an MMO coming up on its twentieth birthday.

Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
View comments
About Our Ads
Advertisement
Recommended articles
Indiana Jones and the Great Circle was successful enough that Disney reportedly "picked up the phone and wants more"
GamesRadar+
Wordle hints today for #1,290: Clues and answer for Monday, December 30
Yahoo Tech
Gaming industry sees ‘diminished’ returns from graphics investing, NYT reports
TipRanks
In shift, Trump downgrades soaring rhetoric on campaign promises
The Hill
The question sending shockwaves through Hollywood: How did Blake Lively get those damaging texts?
LA Times
Kim Kardashian's 4 Kids Are All Grown Up in Stunning Christmas Photos
E! News
Ref Clete Blakeman couldn’t help but laugh while announcing Aaron Rodgers’ unnecessary roughness penalty
FTW Outdoors
Champion boxer Paul Bamba, 35, dies just 6 days after further beating Mike Tyson's 38-year-old record
Uncrowned
Man accused of attacking TV reporter, saying ‘This is Trump’s America now’
CNN
As more Americans go ‘no contact’ with their parents, they live out a dilemma at the heart of Shakespeare’s ‘King Lear’
The Conversation
Internet Picks Sides in the Sydney Sweeney vs. Sydney Thomas Face-Off
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
Three players ejected as Cowboys, Eagles brawl at end of blowout
USA TODAY Sports
MSNBC Panel Laughs in Republican’s Face Over Speaker Replacement Suggestion
The Daily Beast
Prince Harry Once Revealed the "Cold-Blooded" Christmas Gift He Received From a Royal Family Member
Marie Claire US
Fallen Syrian Dictator’s ‘Dying’ Wife Blocked From Cancer Treatment
The Daily Beast
'It's over': Colorado lays egg vs. BYU in last game of Travis Hunter-Shedeur Sanders era
USA TODAY Sports
North Korean soldiers kill themselves to avoid capture in Ukraine, U.S. says
NBC News
“Lovely Guest”? AirBnB Owner Reacts to Lily Phillips Hosting 101 Men in Their Home
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
Linda Lavin Dies: ‘Alice’ Star & Tony-Winning Broadway Actor Was 87
Deadline
Doctors Reveal The 7 Things You Should Absolutely Never Do In Order To Prevent Strokes
BuzzFeed
Matthew Gaudreau's Wife Welcomes Their First Baby After His Death
E! News
"Once You Have It, You Need To Treat It Before It Gets Worse": Doctors, Dentists, And Other Medical Pros Are Sharing Things Patients Often Overlook Or Omit (But Shouldn't)
BuzzFeed
After the death of Jimmy Carter, how many former US presidents are still alive today?
USA TODAY
People Are Sharing Stories About When They Learned That HR Is Not Their Friend And Holy Crap, I Have No Words
BuzzFeed
Trouble in ‘prepper’ paradise: Bunker residents raise financial, safety concerns
KELO Sioux Falls
Why Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are disliked by Americans: ‘Most unpopular kids in school’
NY Post
People Send Death Threats When They Find Out About My Dog Meat Farm. Here's What They're Missing.
BuzzFeed
'Stop, stop, stop': Air traffic control intervenes as planes near each other on LAX runway
LA Times
‘Unimaginable’: Rutland firefighter’s wife, newborn twins pass away days after medical emergency
WFXT
Whatever Happened to Eliza Dushku?
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
Watch the Christmas Day National Anthem that Left NFL Fans "Speechless"
Good Housekeeping
Steph Curry hits must-see circus shot to beat buzzer vs. Suns
Warriors Wire
The Trump Economy Begins: 5 Money Moves the Middle Class Should Make Before Inauguration Day
GOBankingRates
James Dean was blackmailed by ‘desperate’ lover who could have destroyed his career: book
Fox News
Portland men search for Sasquatch, die in Washington forest
KOIN
The California Icon That Andrew Zimmern Can't Stand To Eat At
Daily Meal
"I Was Bored After Six Hours": People Are Sharing The Travel Destinations That Fell Short Of Their Expectations (Or Surpassed Them Immensely)
BuzzFeed
Amen Thompson throws Tyler Herro to the court, sparking fight in Heat's win over Rockets
Yahoo Sports
Without the US, NATO allies in Europe largely lack a key capability needed to fight Russia
Business Insider
Trump blasts GOP, McCarthy over debt ceiling
The Hill
Watch Steph torch KD with around-the-back buzzer-beater in Dubs-Suns
NBC Sports BayArea
Suze Orman: This Is the One Expense You Must Cut in Retirement
GOBankingRates
Bowl game schedule today: Breaking down the eight college football bowl games on Dec. 28
USA TODAY Sports
"My Teenage Grandson Didn't Believe Me": 21 Normal Practices And Routines From "Way Back When" That Younger Generations Will Never Get To Experience
BuzzFeed
What Colorado head coach Deion Sanders said after facing BYU
Deseret News
Kenny Pickett throwing himself instead of the ball broke the laws of physics in the best way
FTW Outdoors
Jennifer Lopez Elevates Her Winter-White Puffer Coat with Heeled Uggs
Harper's Bazaar
2024 was a bad year for basic decency in America. You can thank Trump for that. | Opinion
USA TODAY Opinion
North Korea's Kim vows the toughest anti-US policy before Trump takes office
Associated Press
Here’s What Could Happen to Your Money in Trump’s First 40 Days in Office
GOBankingRates
Advertisement
Reviews & Deals
Audio
Computing
Gaming
Health
Home
Phones
Science
TVs
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yahoo.com/tech/wows-pirate-battle-royale-ignites-170244075.html 
 ----- 
