Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
CONCACAF Nations League
Barbados vs US Virgin Islands Prediction and Betting Tips | 10th September 2024
Barbados vs US Virgin Islands Prediction and Betting Tips | 10th September 2024
By
Kingsley Kobo
Modified Sep 09, 2024 18:28 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
World Cup 2026 Qualifiers - Curacao vs Barbados

Barbados will play host to the US Virgin Islands at Bethlehem Soccer Complex in the CONCACAF Nations League on Tuesday. The hosts will hope to extend their favorable run against the visitors.

Barbados vs US Virgin Islands Preview

Barbados are hoping for a better campaign this term than the previous one when their performance was nothing to write home about. They lost all six matches and were consequently demoted from League B to C. The hosts competed in League B in 2022-23 and 2023-24, and will be keen to secure promotion in this campaign.

Bajan Tridents opened their campaign in Group A (League C) on a positive note, beating Bahamas 3-2 to claim the top spot on three points. Barbados will be looking to build on their momentum by claiming a second win in a row to keep their stranglehold on the top spot. They won their last meeting against the US Virgin Islands 4-0.

Trending

The US Virgin Islands have been static since entering the competition in 2019-20. They have only competed in League C, with the previous edition their worst thus far. They lost all four matches and finished bottom of their group. It is unclear what objectives they have for this campaign, but they appear to be ambitious.

The Dashing Eagles came from behind to claim a 3-3 draw against the Bahamas in Group A's opening game last Tuesday. That outcome leaves them second in the group with one point. US Virgin Islands have defeated Barbados once, dating back to March 2015 in a World Cup qualifier. The visitors are winless in their last five matches.

Barbados vs US Virgin Islands Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
Barbados have won four times and lost once in their last five clashes with the US Virgin Islands.
Barbados have lost five times in their last five matches at home in all competitions.
Barbados have won twice and lost eight times in their last 10 matches in all competitions.
US Virgin Islands have lost five times in their last five matches on the road.
Barbados have won once and lost four times in their last five matches while US Virgin Islands have drawn twice and lost thrice. Form Guide: Barbados – W-L-L-L-L, US Virgin Islands – D-L-D-L-L.
Barbados vs US Virgin Islands Prediction

Barbados have prevailed over the US Virgin Islands in their last three clashes and will hope to stretch that dominance to a fourth win on Tuesday.

The US Virgin Islands may not be seeking a win in this meeting but a draw could be tricky concerning their position in the table.

Barbados are the favorites based on form and home advantage.

Prediction: Barbados 3-1 US Virgin Islands

Barbados vs US Virgin Islands Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result – Barbados to win

Tip 2: Game to have over 2.5 goals – Yes

Tip 3: Barbados to score first – Yes

Tip 4: US Virgin Islands to score - Yes

Quick Links

CONCACAF Nations League Barbados Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/barbados-vs-us-virgin-islands-prediction-betting-tips-10th-september-2024 
 ----- 
