Skip to content
 Real estate
Primary Menu
HOMEKHEL KUDSRI LANKA DEFEATS INDIA IN ASIA CUP SUPER FOUR MATCH 
Khel kud
Sri Lanka defeats India in Asia Cup Super Four Match 
Share this News:
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Telegram
Message

Param Lakhani

 

 Pune, 6th September 2022:Sri Lanka defeated India at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium in the Super Four Match 3 of the Asia Cup 2022 by 6 wickets.Real estate

 

 

 

Sri Lanka won the toss and elected to bowl first. Sri Lanka defeated India with 6 wickets. Chasing a target of 174 they completed the chase with 1 ball to spare. Rohit Sharma was the highest scorer of the match. He scored 72 runs off 41 deliveries with 5 fours and 4 sixes. Yuzvendra Chahal and Dilshan Madushanka were the joint highest wicket-takers in the match having 3 scalps each.

 

 

 

Bhuvneshwar Kumar leaked 19 runs in the 19th over which proved to be a game changer. This left Arshdeep to defend just a mere 7 runs in the last over. This was the first time that India had lost two T-20 I’s back-to-back under the captaincy of Rohit Sharma.

 

 

 

The squads for the game were as listed below –

 

 

 

Tema India: Rohit Sharma (c), KL Rahul, Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Rishabh Pant (wk), Deepak Hooda, Hardik Pandya, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ravi Bishnoi, Yuzvendra Chahal, Arshdeep Singh, Dinesh Karthik, Avesh Khan, Axar Patel, and Ravichandran Ashwin.

 

 

 

Sri Lanka: Dasun Shanaka (c), Danushka Gunathilaka, Pathum Nissanka, Kusal Mendis, Charith Asalanka, Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Ashen Bandara, Dhananjaya de Silva, Wanindu Hasaranga, Maheesh Theekshana, Jeffrey Vandersay, Praveen Jayawickrama, Chamika Karunaratne, Dilshan Madushanka, Matheesha Pathirana, Nuwanidu Fernando and Dinesh Chandimal

 

 

 

India’s hope now lies with Afghanistan. If Afghanistan wins tomorrow, India stands a chance to qualify for the finals of the Asia Cup 2022. If Afghanistan loses, India and Afghanistan will have to pack their bags as they will be knocked out of the tournament. All eyes will be on today’s big game of Pakistan v/s Afghanistan.

 

 

Continue Reading
Previous
Asia Cup 2022: Pakistan Defeats India In Super-Four Match
Next
India Beat Afghanistan In Asia Cup	
Similar News
Khel kud
Pune: PYC A, Tennisnuts Roger, MWTA A enter into semis at 5th Edition of Arun Sane Memorial Amateur Tennis League
Khel kud
Pune: Nidhish Shyamal, Kiyanna Parihaar national champion at 37th National Under 9 Chess Championships
Khel kud
Pune: Aarti, Kiyanna take lead at 37th National Under 9 Chess Championships
Ad
Ad
ad
Ad
 Punekar News YouTube
Must Read
Pune
Maratha Community Rallies in Pune, Demands Death Penalty for Beed and Parbhani Accused
Pune
Delhi-Pune Flight Delayed by Over 10 Hours, Passengers Left Waiting in Plane for 7 Hours
Pune
Winter Chill Returns to Pune as Temperatures Drop to Single Digits in January
Pune
Pune: 80-Year-Old Man Tied, Robbed by Teen Caretaker in Koregaon Park
Education
Biden vs. Trump: Dr. Kishore Kulkarni Unpacks Economic Impacts at SIMS Pune
Home Writer’s Corner Lifestyle Featured Education About Us Contact Us Grievance Redressal
Copyright © All rights reserved | CoverNews by AF themes.
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.punekarnews.in/sri-lanka-defeats-india-in-asia-cup-super-four-match/ 
 ----- 
