Match Ticker
Premier League
Other Competitions
Opta Football Stats
Opta Football Predictions
Newsletter
American Football
More
NBA
NCAA
PREMIER LEAGUE
From Wolves’ Wins to Arsenal’s Stutter: The Premier League Festive Period Winners and Losers
JAN 4, 2024
ALI TWEEDALE / AUTHOR, JONATHAN MANUEL / DATA VIZ
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Share

After the festive period ended with West Ham’s goalless draw at home to Brighton, we reflect on the last three rounds of fixtures and look at which teams came off best… and worst.

Ad

The busy festive period always feels like it can make or break a Premier League campaign. The games come thick and fast, so a run of form can drastically change the perception of how any team is doing, while a stumble, stutter, or a full-blown implosion can throw a club into crisis.

This Christmas was no different, with three matchdays (minus the postponed Manchester City versus Brentford match) played across 13 days from 21 December 2023 to 2 January 2024. The outlook for many Premier League teams is now really rather different this side of the new year.

But which teams had the best and worst festive periods, and who has come out of the recent run of games with their season prospects changed the most? We used numbers from the Opta supercomputer – which ran 10,000 season simulations on 20 December and then did so again on 3 January – to compare how each team’s chances of finishing in each position were affected by the seasonal football.

On top of that, who lost key players to injury and suspension? And who is set to be hit the hardest by the absences of the 40 Premier League players heading to the Africa Cup of Nations and the Asian Cup, both of which will be played over five weeks from the end of next week?

Here, we look at the biggest winners and losers from the festive period of Premier League football.

Biggest Winners

The only team to take nine points from a possible nine was one that few would have predicted before the festive football kicked off. With wins over Chelsea, Brentford and Everton, Gary O’Neil’s Wolves topped the festive form books. In doing so, they significantly improved their chances of finishing higher up the table.

Wolves scored more goals (nine) than any other team during this period, having created chances worth 5.65 expected goals. Their overperformance of 3.35 compared to their xG was almost twice as high as any other team over the festive period, showing just how much confidence there is right now in O’Neil’s squad.

According to the Opta supercomputer’s latest round of season simulations, the position in which Wolves are predicted to finish the season is 11th, an improvement of three places from the supercomputer’s predictions before the three most recent games (14th).

One other team saw an improvement of three places in the supercomputer’s predictions, with West Ham going from an expected finish of ninth up to sixth. Having beaten Manchester United and Arsenal, David Moyes’ side then ground out a goalless draw with Brighton.

The way West Ham play inevitably means opponents will have chances, simply because they concede so much territory. Across their three games, Moyes’ side conceded 6.2 xG, the fourth-highest total of all Premier League teams, and conceded 39 more shots than they had – the biggest negative differential in the top flight. And yet, they were the only team that didn’t concede a single goal during the festive period.

Ad

Alphonse Areola was a man mountain in the West Ham goal, facing 19 shots on target worth a total of 3.4 expected goals on target – suggesting at least three goals would have been scored against a perfectly average goalkeeper – but he kept three successive clean sheets.

The concern for West Ham is just how little they offered in attack against Brighton having lost Mohammed Kudus to international duty with Ghana. There may also be a worry at Wolves that the upcoming international tournaments will bring them crashing back down to earth, with forward Hwang Hee-chan heading to the Asian Cup. He scored twice in the win at Brentford to take his total for the season to 10 Premier League goals, making him the top flight’s sixth-highest scorer.

West Ham will also lose Nayef Aguerd, and Wolves will be without Rayan Aït-Nouri and Boubacar Traoré, which will make continuing their recent form a real challenge.

Despite only playing two games having had their match against Brentford postponed due to their involvement in the FIFA Club World Cup, Manchester City were in many ways the biggest winners from the festive period. They won their two domestic games and watched Arsenal tumble down to fourth, while Liverpool and unlikely title challengers Aston Villa also dropped points.

According to the supercomputer’s latest calculations, City’s chances of retaining the Premier League title rose by 18% over the festive period – the second-highest rise in likelihood for any team to finish in any specific position. Oh, and they became world champions in mid-December, and they are also one of only three Premier League teams who will not lose a single player to either the African or Asian international tournaments that will be played over the coming weeks. It was a good December for Pep Guardiola and co.

Fellow title challengers Liverpool won twice and drew to Arsenal, and so saw their chances of winning the league rise from 22.4% to 34.6%. However, any optimism should be tempered by the reality of Mohamed Salah and Wataru Endo heading off for international duty, as well as the serious-looking injuries suffered by Dominik Szoboszlai and Kostas Tsimikas.

Ad

At the other end of the table, Nottingham Forest’s decision to sack Steve Cooper and bring in Nuno Espiríto Santo looks like it might even have paid off already. With back-to-back wins over top-four hopefuls Newcastle and Manchester United, Forest reduced their chances of relegation over the festive period by a bigger margin (15.0%) than any other team. They will, however, lose more players to the Africa Cup of Nations or Asian Cup (six) than any other Premier League team.

Biggest Losers

While two teams improved their expected league finish by three positions, two teams – both of whom lost all of their festive fixtures – saw their expected final position drop by three places. Brentford and Newcastle have both been hit by terrible luck with injuries and look in trouble as a result.

Brentford lost heavily to Wolves and then threw away a lead against Crystal Palace to take their total points lost from winning positions for the season to 20 – at least four more than any other team. The saving grace for Thomas Frank’s out-of-sorts side is that they only played twice and therefore have a game in hand to come. The only problem is that game in hand is away to Manchester City, and given they have lost five games in a row, they may not have too much hope of repeating their 2-1 win at the Etihad last season.

They do have Ivan Toney returning from suspension soon but they are going to lose four players – Saman Ghoddos, Kim Ji-soo, Frank Onyeka, Yoane Wissa – to the AFCON and Asian Cup. The position they are expected to finish dropped from 12th on 20 December to 15th on 3 January and they are facing a real challenge to stop the slide.

Newcastle, meanwhile, lost three games – to Luton, Nottingham Forest and Liverpool – as their top-four hopes as good as evaporated. The supercomputer now predicts their most likely finish as ninth – down from sixth before the festive games – which, if it were to happen, would represent an incredibly disappointing season for Eddie Howe’s side. They now finish in the top four in just 1% of the supercomputer’s season simulations.

Ad

The Christmas/New Year period also included a record for Newcastle that they won’t have wanted to break, as Liverpool racked up a higher expected goals total against them (7.11) than any other team has managed on record (since 2010-11) in a Premier League game.

However, the biggest losers from the festive games were arguably Arsenal, who saw their chances of winning the title drop by 24.2% ­­– a bigger drop than any other team in any specific position in the Premier League. Their title chances are now as low as 4.1% according to the supercomputer after they picked up only one point from their three festive matches. To add to their woes, they also lost Oleksandr Zinchenko to a calf injury and Takehiro Tomiyasu is heading off to the Asian Cup. Mikel Arteta will therefore be short of options at left-back for the coming weeks.

Ad

Sheffield United made relegation even more likely by taking only one point from a possible nine, and are now given a 68.4% chance of finishing bottom of the table – a rise of 21.8%. They are now almost certain to go down, with the supercomputer giving them a 98.4% chance of relegation.

It was an eventful festive period from which we learned a lot about what the end of this season will look like.

But then again, so much changed in the space of these three games that the pendulum could swing back the other way for any number of the teams involved. There’s plenty of time for things to change again dramatically yet again.

Enjoy this? Subscribe to our new football newsletter to receive exclusive weekly content. You should also follow our social accounts over on X, Instagram, TikTok and Facebook.

RELATED ARTICLES
PREMIER LEAGUE
Brentford 1-3 Arsenal Stats: Gunners Seal Comeback Victory with Quickfire Second-Half Goals
7 HOURS AGO MATT FURNISS
STAT, VIZ, QUIZ
Stat, Viz, Quiz: 2024 Year in Review
1 DAY AGO DAVID SEGAR, ALI TWEEDALE
PREMIER LEAGUE
The Unwanted Premier League Awards of 2024
1 DAY AGO OLIVER HOPKINS, RYAN BENSON, DAVID SEGAR
PREMIER LEAGUE
Could Man Utd Really Get Relegated? What the Opta Supercomputer Says
1 DAY AGO RYAN BENSON
Subscribe

Sign up and be the first to receive exclusive stats, news, and updates from Opta Analyst.

Country*
Select A Country
Canada
United States of America
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia (Plurinational State of)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cabo Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Democratic Republic of the)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia (the former Yugoslav Republic of)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia (Federated States of)
Moldova (Republic of)
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea (Democratic People's Republic of)
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Kosovo
Réunion
Romania
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Korea (Republic of)
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suricontent
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
Viet Nam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
I agree to receive emails from Opta Analyst.
See our Privacy Policy for more details.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Do Not Sell My Information
Advertising
Cookie Policy
© 2025 Opta Analyst. All Rights Reserved.
Ad
×
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://theanalyst.com/2024/01/wolves-wins-arsenal-stutter-premier-league-festive-period-winners-losers 
 ----- 
