NBA
Golden State Warriors
Stephen Curry gets crucial status update after Warriors-Kings injury exit

Stephen Curry is listed as day-to-day after picking up a finger injury in the Warriors preseason contest vs. the Kings.

By 

Owen Crisafulli

Oct 12, 2024 at 8:39 AM ET

The Golden State Warriors picked up a 109-106 victory over the Sacramento Kings in their latest preseason contest on Friday night, but they were dealt a scare when star guard Stephen Curry was forced out of the game early with a finger injury.

Curry jammed his finger during the first half of the game and ended up leaving the court before halftime and did not return to action for the second half.

While the Warriors have only been playing Curry during the first half of their preseason contests so far, it was concerning to see him pick up an injury ahead of the start of the 2024-25 regular season.

Thankfully, Golden State was dealt some encouraging news after the game as X-rays on Curry's finger came back negative with the team labeling him day-to-day as he tends to this injury.

ClutchPoints
@ClutchPoints
·
Follow

Steph Curry (right finger) is listed as day-to-day after his X-rays came back as negative, per Warriors.

5:04 AM · Oct 12, 2024
64
Reply
Copy link
Read more on Twitter
Expand Tweet
Warriors dodge bullet with Stephen Curry injury update
Related Golden State Warriors News
Article continues below
Warriors’ Stephen Curry, Draymond Green get injury updates after being ruled out vs. Pacers
10h
Warriors prioritizing frontcourt help before trade deadline
14h
Stephen Curry, Draymond Green among several Warriors ruled out vs. Pacers
15h
Warriors vs. Pacers prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/10/2024
16h
Mandatory Credit: Ed Szczepanski-Imagn Images

The Warriors and their fans will breathe a collective sigh of relief after getting this injury update on Curry because if he was forced to miss any sort of time, the team would be in trouble.

While Golden State has surrounded Curry with a strong supporting cast ahead of the new season, if you remove him from the equation, they suddenly look very vulnerable, which shows just how important he is to their operation.

That isn't exactly news to anyone, especially when you consider the big numbers Curry put up last season (26.4 PPG, 5.1 APG, 4.5 RPG, 45 FG%) weren't even good enough to lead the Warriors to the playoffs.

While this injury update on Curry is great, Golden State will play it safe with him throughout the remainder of the preseason, and it won't be much of a surprise if he doesn't end up taking the floor for the Warriors next preseason contest against the Detroit Pistons on Sunday night.

Owen Crisafulli is a Senior Editor and NFL Lead at ClutchPoints, who also covers the NBA and MLB. He recently received his Masters in Business Administration from Nichols College. Previously, he obtained his Bachelor's degree in Sport Management, ran his own website, and had bylines at FanSided and the Basketball Network.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Warriors’ Steve Kerr goes on fiery rant after Trayce Jackson-Davis question
3 days ago
Steve Kerr gives away Andrew Wiggins’ status for Pacers game
1 day ago
Warriors vs. Pistons prediction, odds, pick – 1/9/2025
2 days ago
5 non-Jimmy Butler Warriors trade scenarios to help Stephen Curry
2 days ago
Warriors’ Draymond Green gets real on Zach Edey feud
2 days ago
Warriors star Stephen Curry’s ‘uncomfortable’ revelation after Draymond Green’s ‘mythical superhero’ tale
3 days ago
Siegel’s Scoop: Why Jimmy Butler’s future doesn’t control trade deadline
16 hours ago
Stephen Curry calls out viral post after catching stray during Penn State-Notre Dame
18 hours ago
Stephen Curry, Draymond Green injury statuses for Warriors-Pacers clash get intriguing updates
1 day ago
3 top Heat trade targets in 2024-25 season
1 day ago
Warriors’ Draymond Green breaks silence on heated moment with Pistons’ Ron Holland
18 hours ago
What Warriors coach Steve Kerr refuses to do with Stephen Curry
3 days ago
NBA Injury
NBA Preseason
Stephen Curry
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/warriors-news-stephen-curry-crucial-status-update-dubs-kings-injury-exit 
 ----- 
