NCAAF News
Home
Teams
Quizzes
Newsletter
Power Rankings
Sep 7, 2024; Athens, Georgia, USA; Georgia Bulldogs head coach Kirby Smart shown on the field during pregame warmup prior to the game against the Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles at Sanford Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Dale Zanine-Imagn Images Dale Zanine-Imagn Images
Kirby Smart's History With Mississippi State Head Coaches
Originally posted on Georgia Bulldogs on SI
By Christian Kirby  |  Last updated Oct 10, 2024 2:27 PM ET

As the Georgia Bulldogs prepare for their matchup with the Mississippi State Bulldogs, we take a look at Kirby Smart's interesting history against State's head coaches

For the fourth time in his head coaching career, Kirby Smart will lead the Georgia Bulldogs into a matchup against the Mississippi State Bulldogs. While the two programs have not played with great frequency, there has been one consistent aspect of this matchup throughout the Smart era. That aspect being head coaching inconsistencies for Mississippi State.

Despite this being just the fourth matchup between Georgia and Mississippi State of the Kirby Smart era, this will be the third different Bulldogs head coach that Smart faces. Smart's first victory came in 2017 when Dan Mullen's Bulldogs were decimated in Athens by a score of 31-3. Mullen would join the Florida Gators at the end of the season.

The only Mississippi State coach Smart faced off with multiple times was the late Mike Leach, who was defeated by the Dawgs in both the 2020 and 2022 seasons. Leach's 2022 defeat at the hands of the Bulldogs would be the final loss he suffered during his legendary career.

Enter Jeff Lebby, who was hired as Mississippi State's next head coach following Zach Arnett's firing during the 2023 season. Lebby has currently amassed just one victory in his time as head State's head coach but will be looking to earn a historic victory over a top-5 opponent this week against the Georgia Bulldogs.

How to Watch Georgia vs Mississippi State
Gameday: Saturday, October 12th. 2024
Game time: 4:15 pm ET
TV: SEC Network
Broadcast Team: Taylor Zarzour (Play-by-play) and Matt Stinchcomb (color)
Location: Dooley Field at Sanford Stadium (Athens, Georgia)
Live stream on fuboTV: Start with a 7-day free trial!
Stream on ESPN - HERE
Georgia Bulldogs 2024 TV Broadcast Schedule
Aug. 31 - vs Clemson (Atlanta, Ga.) Noon - ABC
Sept. 7 - vs Tennessee Tech, 2 p.m. - ESPN+/SEC Network+
Sept. 14 - @ Kentucky, 7:30 p.m. - ABC
Sept. 21 - BYE
Sept. 28 @ Alabama, 7:30 p.m. - ABC
Oct. 5 - vs Auburn, FLEX (Afternoon or night)
Oct. 12 - vs Mississippi State, FLEX (Afternoon or night)
Oct. 19 - @ Texas, FLEX (Afternoon or night)
Oct. 26 - BYE
Nov. 2 - vs Florida (Jacksonville, Fl.) 3:30 p.m. - ABC
Nov. 9 - @ Ole Miss, FLEX (Afternoon or night)
Nov. 16 - vs Tennessee, FLEX (Afternoon or night)
Nov. 23 vs UMass, 12:45 p.m. - SEC Network+
Nov. 29 vs Georgia Tech, 7:30 p.m. - ABC

This article first appeared on Georgia Bulldogs on SI and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Cotton Bowl takeaways: Ohio State advances to CFP championship with another decisive win
Watch: Jack Sawyer scoop-and-score propels Ohio State to first national title game appearance since 2020
The '2024-25 college football bowl game host cities' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?
College Football
Urban Meyer Doesn't Hold Back Thoughts On James Franklin's…
College Football
Former Georgia QB Carson Beck makes quick transfer decision
College Football
Cotton Bowl takeaways: Ohio State advances to CFP championship…

The College Football Playoff championship game is set. Thanks to Ohio State's 28-14 win over Texas on Friday night, the Buckeyes are on their way to the championship game where they will face the Notre Dame Fighting Irish. They will have a chance to become the second consecutive Big Ten team to win it all. Here are some takeaways from their big Cotton Bowl win on Friday night. Knee-jerk reaction: Ohio State looks like the best team in the country Yes, the Buckeyes lost two games this season. Yes, they had horrible vibes coming into the playoffs after losing to Michigan in the regular-season finale and missing out on a chance to win the Big Ten. To say they rebounded from that would be a laughable understatement. After completely dominating Tennessee and Oregon in the first two rounds of the playoffs, Ohio State delivered another emphatic win in the semifinal over another top team. While the outcome might have still been in doubt late in the fourth quarter as Texas had the ball with a first-and-goal trailing by only a touchdown, it never really felt like Texas was going to win. The Buckeyes dominated the line of scrimmage on both sides of the ball, and had it not been for some careless self-inflicted penalties that hurt them in field position to stall drives, this game could have easily gotten out of hand. Through three playoff games, Ohio State played the No. 1 (Oregon), No. 3 (Texas) and No. 7 (Tennessee) teams in the CFP rankings. It won all three games by a combined score of 111-66. That is impressive. It should also have Notre Dame fans concerned. Game MVP: Jack Sawyer, defensive end, Ohio State Ohio State's defense limited Texas to just 14 points and team captain Jack Sawyer played a significant role in that. He also made a player that will forever be remembered by Ohio State fans with his sack, scoop-and-score in the final two minutes to put the game away. Game-changing play: TreVeyon Henderson's touchdown just before halftime While Sawyer's touchdown put the game away, running back TreVeyon Henderson changed the momentum of the game just before halftime with his 75-yard touchdown that helped make up for a foolish penalty earlier in the half that helped stall an Ohio State drive. That came with just seconds remaining in the half, and one snap after Texas had just driven to tie the game. All Texas had to do was not allow a big play. It failed. Worst call of the game: Texas' goal-line offense With less than three minutes to play and trailing by a touchdown, Texas drove all the way down to the Ohio State one-yard line with the help of two consecutive pass interference penalties in the end zone. It seemed like it was only going to be a matter of when, and not if, Texas would tie the game. Instead, the Longhorns faced a second-and-one from the one-yard line and instead of just trying to power it into the end zone called a toss play wide outside and got dropped for a seven-yard loss. That completely derailed the drive, and after a third-down incompletion quarterback Quinn Ewers was sacked, resulting in Jack Sawyer's scoop-and-score. They got too cute at a time when they just needed to be smart and physical. The SEC's run of dominance is over For the second year in a row, there is no SEC team in the College Football Playoff. For the second year in a row, there is a Big Ten team and there were two Big Ten teams in the semifinals this season. The SEC might still be a great conference. It might even still be the best overall conference from top-to-bottom. But the gap between it and the other power conferences in college football is nowhere near what it used to be.

College Football
Paul Finebaum Names Major College Football Fan Base Whose…
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
College Football
Kyle McCord makes major decision about…
College Football
No. 1 running back in transfer portal commits to college football…
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys react to Cooper Rush's parting message after…
NHL
Ex-NHL defenseman calls Matt Rempe the worst player in the…
NHL
One of Leafs GM Brad Treliving's Former Top Defensemen Has…
The 20 best Tom Hardy performances
NHL
Canucks GM confirms Elias Pettersson news
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
NHL
Canadiens goalie could leave the organization for Europe, according to…

We have surprising news regarding a goaltender, who was on the rise within the Montreal Canadiens organization. Many believed he could be part of the organization's medium/long-term plans, but all signs now suggest otherwise. Despite a strong start with the Laval Rocket and the fact that many believed he would be recalled by the Montreal Canadiens just a few weeks ago, everything indicates that Connor Hughes' adventure in Laval/Montreal is coming to an end. According to latest reports, expect to see Connor Hughes return to Switzerland next season. Of course, this could always change by the summer, but for now, everything unfortunately indicates that Hughes will return to Europe at the end of the season. A return to Europe as early as this summer for Connor Hughes? Here's what has just been reported. "Goaltender Connor Hughes, currently with the Montreal Canadiens organization, is expected to return to Switzerland next season." And Charles-Alexis Brisebois adds this: "In the Swiss media outlet Watson, the term 'stuck' is used to describe Hughes' situation in Laval and in the Canadiens' depth chart. [...] And another interesting point, in this Swiss Habs article: his agent has reportedly offered him to Swiss clubs, including Lausanne, for the 2025-2026 season." Connor Hughes, 28 years old, 6-feet-4 inches tall, and weighing 231 pounds, has a record of 9-6-1 this season with the Laval Rocket, with a goals-against average of 2.51 and a save percentage of 0.904. After an incredible start, things have been a bit more difficult for Hughes and the Rocket recently. Let's remember that he spent most of his professional career in Switzerland.

Entertainment
The 20 most iconic bands to hail from Canada
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…
MLB
San Francisco Giants Signing Outfielder To Huge Contract Named…
NFL
Giants players make alarming comments after Brian Daboll, Joe…

Shortly after, New York Giants co-owner John Mara confirmed on Monday that he was retaining both head coach Brian Daboll and general manager Joe Schoen, and multiple Giants players publicly backed those decisions. It appears some locker room members privately sang different tunes early into the offseason. "Multiple players said they were 'surprised' Daboll was retained," ESPN's Jordan Raanan revealed in a lengthy article published on Friday. "Some said they were fine with the decision, in part, because he's a player-friendly coach — open to feedback and incorporates a favorable schedule that hardly wore them down. ...The players seem to like Daboll, the person, even though they see signs his program is not destined for success." Since the Daboll-Schoen partnership guided the 2022 Giants to a road playoff win, Big Blue has gone 9-26 (including the postseason) and is coming off a disastrous 3-14 campaign that included the franchise parting ways with Week 1 starting quarterback Daniel Jones in November. Multiple players previously made it known they felt current Philadelphia Eagles running back Saquon Barkley's "presence in the locker room was underestimated by the Giants' brass" before the club let Barkley reach free agency last March. At least one player told Raanan that "it's like your only option is to blindly trust" that New York's regime knows what it's doing. "It's like they make moves off Twitter," a different league source "with knowledge of the Giants' inner workings" told Raanan. The Giants hold the third overall pick for a 2025 draft class that, at best, features two first-round talents at quarterback — Miami's Cam Ward and Colorado's Shedeur Sanders. Barring a surprising development, Schoen will have to either make a blockbuster trade to get one of those signal-callers or address the position later in the draft after he signs a veteran "bridge option" in free agency. "Insecurity, lack of accountability, conviction and veteran leadership in the locker room were some of the reasons pinpointed by those who took stock of what went wrong," Raanan added about what "20 players and coaches" said about the Giants' 2024 season. "This kind of calamity left those on the outside (and inside) wondering whether Schoen and Daboll should be the ones making the decision about the next quarterback or anything else in the organization." For whatever reason, Mara trusts that Schoen and Daboll can make such massive calls and begin a turnaround that includes the club competing for at least a playoff berth this coming December. Along with finding a new starting quarterback for 2025, it seems Schoen and Daboll will also have to win back some players they lost during a season just about everybody involved should want to forget.

NHL
Bruins star strongly fires back after report of locker room issue 
The 20 best things that happened on Gossip Girl
MLB
Pete Alonso reportedly makes offer to Mets
NHL
Maple Leafs Make Bold Move: Fringe Forward Replaces Veteran Max…
NFL
Wan’Dale Robinson hints at why Daniel Jones may have struggled with…
NHL
RDS Analyst Proposes Entertaining 1-for-1 Trade Involving…
NBA
Chicago Bulls: A mock 4-team trade has been released that involves…
Which singers have the greatest voices in music history?
NFL
Maxx Crosby Makes Major Personal…
NHL
Elliotte Friedman Reveals the New York Rangers Most Coveted…
MLB
Red Sox Projected To Target $38M Rising Star In Blockbuster Triston…

The Boston Red Sox and St. Louis Cardinals have each had players embroiled in trade talks all winter. For Boston, it's first baseman Triston Casas. For St. Louis, it's third baseman Nolan Arenado and closer Ryan Helsley. The Red Sox have too many left-handed bats in their lineup, and Casas, for as powerful and talented as he is, plays a relatively low-value position at first base. Helsley is entering a walk year as the Cardinals head into rebuild mode, while Arenado's contract is a burden on the St. Louis payroll. There's been a lot of buzz surrounding Arenado as a fit for the Red Sox, because he bats righty and plays better third base defense than Rafael Devers. Is there a world where all the trade targets get swapped for one another? On Friday, content creator Robbie Hyde came up with a blockbuster trade proposal that would swap Arenado and Helsley for Casas. However, the key additions to the trade were Cardinals 22-year-old catcher Iván Herrera and Red Sox starting pitcher Kutter Crawford. "I love Casas, but if he’s going to be moved, one of the best things the Red Sox could do is add a good catcher, which is the highest valued position in the game, especially after trading (Kyle) Teel," Hyde wrote. "Along with this, you add Arenado as well to improve the defense and will surely benefit with the (Green) Monster. Shoot, even maybe add Helsley to be your closer too? Bananas." Hyde included trade surplus figures from Baseball Trade Values that determined Herrera's overall value to be $38.4 million. Casas and Crawford combined for $56.9 million, while Helsley was at $12.1 million and Arenado at $-16.6 million. Herrera would be a serious prize, especially given that the Red Sox dumped the aforementioned Teel, who looked like their catcher of the future. He put up an .800 OPS and 1.7 WAR in his 72 games with the Cardinals last season and could be one of the fastest rising stars at the catching position. Of course, all of those pluses are reasons that the Cardinals would have to keep him untouchable in trade talks. But Casas and Crawford could be incredibly valuable players too, so all sides would have to take an enormous leap of faith to make this vision come true.



MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More College Football News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/college_football/articles/kirby_smarts_history_with_mississippi_state_head_coaches/s1_16592_41032984 
 ----- 
