Skip to main content
"Award-winning nonprofit media in the public interest, serving San Diego's inland region"
Friday, January 10, 2025
Main menu
Home
Donate
About/Contact
Subscribe
News Center
News issues
Best of East County
Bookshelf
Citizens Action
Communities
Coupons
Events/Arts
Food & Wine
Green Scene
Health/Fitness
Homes & Gardens
People/Views
Politics
Radio
Sports
Wildfires & Emergencies
PADRES SWEEP WHITE SOX, CLOSE IN ON PLAYOFF SLOT
Printer-friendly version
September 2024 Articles
PadresSan Diego PadresBaseballDodgersMLB playoffsSan Diego

East County News Service

Photos via Padres on X

September 23, 2024 (San Diego) – The San Diego Padres  swept the Chicago White Sox over the weekend. Their 4-2 victory  Sunday keeps them vying for the wild card slot in the post-season playoffs, which the team could clinch as early as Tuesday.

The Padres will square off against the Dodgers Tuesday in a three-game series. The Dodgers are in first place, making the series critical.  If the Padres win at least one game, they will secure a wild card spot in the playoffs.  If they win all three games, they will move up to first place in the National League West with three more games to go--and a shot at snagging their first division championship in 18 years.

Sunday’s game had plenty of action. Down a run in the eight inning,  Luis Arraez smacked a game-tying, pinch-hit double before Jurickson Profar’s sacrifice fly, followed by a three-run homer by Fernando Tatis Jr.

Pitcher Yu Darvish allowed two runs over 6 1/3 innings in his longest start since he rejoined the team earlier this month after three months on the injured list. In four starts since his return, he has posted a 3.15 ERA.

The Padres also gained ground Sunday on the Diamondbacks, who blew an eight-run lead and lost to  Milwaukee.

After their big win Sunday, the Padres thanked fans on X, posting, “We couldn’t do this without the faithful!”

 

 



Error message
Support community news in the public interest! As nonprofit news, we rely on donations from the public to fund our reporting -- not special interests. Please donate to sustain East County Magazine's local reporting and/or wildfire alerts at https://www.eastcountymedia.org/donate to help us keep people safe and informed across our region.


Log in or register to post comments

Search form
Search
 
Recent comments
In the midst of the fires in Los Angeles! 8 hours 5 min ago
Just got a false fire alert for Crenshaw area! 9 hours 23 min ago
Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu amidst raging fires! 11 hours 25 min ago
Staying safe in Los Angeles amidst the numerous fires! 12 hours 15 min ago
Oh no, Dennis! Stay safe. 1 day 6 hours ago
Raging fires here in Los Angeles! 1 day 10 hours ago
Raptors 1 day 13 hours ago
Native land... 1 day 13 hours ago
Nice! 2 days 19 hours ago
Great photo 2 days 20 hours ago
User login
Username or e-mail *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password

Community Links
Business Associations
Community Organizations
County and City Governments
East County Sports
(link is external)
Immigration and Citizenship
Media Resources
Neighborhoods
Parks and Environmental Resources
Police and Sheriff Contacts
Senior Services
Traffic Links
Utilities
Veterans & Military
Visitors & Tourism
Webcams in East County & San Diego's Eastern Region
Wildfire Information
Youth Resources

East County Magazine
View our calendar
Sign up for free newsletter
Sign up for wildfire alerts
Listen to our radio show
Subscribe to our RSS feed
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.eastcountymagazine.org/padres-sweep-white-sox-close-playoff-slot 
 ----- 
