This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Cookie Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
SAVE
ACCEPT ALL
REJECT ALL
CLOSE
Weather
34°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
North Texas sees icy roads, freezing fog early Saturday morning
For Texas QB Quinn Ewers, Cotton Bowl loss to Ohio State is harsh way to be remembered
Car crashes during icy weather down from average January day in Dallas last year
TV host and author Joyce Meyer plans to pause her program with Daystar Television Network
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
Kohl’s closing Dallas site amid pullback on ‘underperforming’ stores
5 thoughts from Texas-Ohio State: Longhorns stuffed in red zone, title run comes to an end
SMU has the right leader in Jay Hartzell
Dallas-Fort Worth treacherous road conditions to stretch into Saturday morning
‘Real Housewives of New York’ star shares D-FW travel woes on social media
ADVERTISEMENT
THIS IS MEMBER-EXCLUSIVE CONTENT

SPORTSRANGERS

The Rangers got Adolis García back. It took nearly losing him for the season
García‘s said the time missed from his injury made him better, and allowed him to focus on his mental.

By Evan Grant

Rangers beat writer/insider

Sep. 26, 2023
|
Updated 11:18 p.m. CDT
|
4 min. read
Texas Rangers' Adolis Garcia celebrates while running the bases after hitting a home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Monday, Sept. 25, 2023, in Anaheim, Calif.(Ryan Sun / ASSOCIATED PRESS)

ANAHEIM, Calif. — There are a lot of ways to go about solving an offensive outage in the modern game. With so much data on hand, so much technology nearby and so many coaches at the willing, plotting potential solutions are innumerable.

And, yet, the Rangers found a still novel way to do it.

Who had this in the pool: The best way to get Adolis García back … was to nearly lose him for good?

It’s been three weeks since García suffered what appeared to be a season-ending ruptured patellar tendon when he leapt in vain at a homer by Michael Brantley and landed like a lead Zeppelin. It seemed like a most fitting description for where the Rangers’ entire season was going. He — and they — crashed against Houston.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

But it also allowed the Rangers to call up disciplined Evan Carter and allowed them to further investigate García’s injury, which was revealed to be only a strain. Instead, he got 10 days to rest his body, but perhaps more importantly, just as long to reset his mind.

“I don’t know if he needed the time off,” manager Bruce Bochy said Tuesday afternoon, a day after García’s homer started a barrage of back-to-back-back homers in the Rangers’ 5-1 win over the Los Angeles Angels. “But it served him well.”

ADVERTISEMENT

On Tuesday, in a streak-snapping 9-3 loss to the Angels, the offense was absent. The Rangers scored in the first inning against Reid Detmers but lost it before they recorded an out. Along the way, they pulled five different regulars, including shortstop Corey Seager. Seager had been hit with a fastball in the fifth inning and the team announced it as a right forearm contusion.

García – and Josh Jung – have only been back from injuries for seven games. Hey, it took a day for them to each find their timing. Over the six games ahead of Tuesday, the Rangers averaged 7.5 runs per game while winning all of them.

In that six-game stretch, García hit three homers, went 6 for 20 (.300) and had almost as many walks (five) as strikeouts (six). Carter, who was called up at the time of the injury, was hitting .326 with a 1.125 OPS. The offense has turned from stale to stellar.

It’s a vast difference from García, who had wobbled since participating in the All-Star Game Home Run Derby and starting the game the next day. The second half, or the burden of being the club’s most high-energy player, has always seemed to wear him down. In his first two full seasons, he was a .777 OPS guy in the first half, .713 in the second.

ADVERTISEMENT

This season, the drop was looking even more precipitous: After an .848 first half, he was at .750 for the second half when he went down. Either his bat or head had slowed down under the workload. He simply couldn’t catch up to fastballs. And his strikeout rate shot up to 37.2% of the time; it was 29.5% in his first two-plus seasons.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I didn’t realize it at the time of the injury, but it made me better,” García said through team interpreter Raul Cardenas on Tuesday. “The rest really allowed me to work on things that I’d been doing. It allowed me to get back to being myself. It allowed me to work on the mental side. When you put all that [pressure] stuff on yourself, it’s hard.”

Related:Have the Rangers finally figured out left field with Evan Carter-Robbie Grossman platoon?

Said offensive coordinator and bench coach Donnie Ecker: “Adolis is a performer. He moves teammates and stadiums. When that is taken from you, it can certainly have an impact on perspective. It feels safe to say that we all felt like Adolis took the IL stint as a time to reset his body, get back to simple principles and, most importantly, re-engage with who he truly is when he steps on the field. He’s an elite competitor who loves to play the game.”

On the first day he came back from the IL, García went hitless in four at-bats, though he did earn a late walk. The Rangers lost that game to Boston, 4-2. He sat at the end of the bench in the home dugout after the game, for moments after the rest of the club went back to the clubhouse.

ADVERTISEMENT

García said he wanted to replay the at-bats, to remember what he’d worked on while injured, what he did in the game and what he could do to help the Rangers win. Since then, he’s done nothing but apply it.

“He’s on time,” Bochy said. “He’s gotten shorter with his swing. He’s not trying to hit the long ball every time. I think he was trying to carry us. He’s just given us quality at-bat after quality at-bat.”

ADVERTISEMENT

X: @Evan_P_Grant

Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’
ADVERTISEMENT

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

By Evan Grant

Evan has covered the Rangers since 1997. He has twice been named one of the top 10 beat writers in the country by the AP Sports Editors. His passions outside of covering baseball are his wife, Gina, his two step kids, two crazy dogs & barbecue. Let's not discuss the cat. Evan graduated from Georgia State University, but oddly is a Georgia fan.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
2
5 thoughts from Texas-Ohio State: Longhorns stuffed in red zone, title run comes to an end
3
National reaction from Texas’ Cotton Bowl loss: ‘This game is on nobody but Sark’
4
For Texas QB Quinn Ewers, Cotton Bowl loss to Ohio State is harsh way to be remembered
5
Black ice developing, as freezing fog advisory blankets much of North Texas
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2023/09/26/the-rangers-got-adolis-garcia-back-it-took-nearly-losing-him-for-the-season/ 
 ----- 
