Sections
Show Search
ANGELS
What Reid Detmers’ final start of the Angels’ season meant to him
Reid Detmers struck out seven and gave up only one run against the Texas Rangers on Tuesday at Angel Stadium. (Ashley Landis / Associated Press)
By Sarah Valenzuela
Staff Writer
Follow
Sept. 26, 2023 Updated 11 PM PT
Share

Reid Detmers was beaming when members of the media arrived in the clubhouse after the Angels’ 9-3 win over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday.

Getting to end on a high note in his final start of the season, against a team that is just a win or two away from punching a ticket to the postseason, Detmers said, gave him some semblance of peace heading into the offseason.

“The season didn’t really go as planned,” Detmers said. “There’s been a lot of ups and downs and not just speaking for myself, but for the whole team too. It’s been a disappointing year, but for myself it’s — I’ve struggled at times, but I’ve proven I can bounce back.”

“To end the season on that kind of note, against a really good ballclub, is always nice. It lets you go into the offseason a little bit easier on yourself.”

Detmers was efficient over seven innings. He held the Rangers to one run and four hits while striking out seven over 100 pitches. His strength, along with the five-run fifth inning that allowed the Angels to definitively pull away, allowed the win to hold potential playoff implications. Not for the Angels, of course, but for the Rangers.

ANGELS

Angels’ Patrick Sandoval reflects on challenging season cut short by injury
Sept. 25, 2023

The Rangers entered Tuesday needing two more wins and a Mariners loss to be able to secure their postseason ticket. The Angels semi-spoiled the Rangers’ timing of securing that ticket with Tuesday’s win, while the Mariners beat the Astros 6-2. Which means the Angels will not have to watch another team celebrate clinching a playoff berth the remainder of their homestand.

Tuesday’s outing was Detmers’ ninth quality start of the season, leaving him with a 4.48 earned-run average and a 4-10 record in 28 starts.

The lowest moments of his season, Detmers reflected, came over a two-start period in August in which he gave up 14 combined runs. He showed gradual, tangible improvement in the seven starts that followed, including Tuesday’s, with a 2.41 ERA in that span.

Angels manager Phil Nevin said Detmers’ improvement in his last seven starts coincided with his change in command and being able to efficiently use his four pitches.

Angels’ Randal Grichuk runs on a double during the fifth inning against the Texas Rangers at Angel Stadium on Tuesday. (Ashley Landis / Associated Press)

“Really something for him to build off of going into this winter and in spring training,” Nevin said.

Rangers’ manager Bruce Bochy was also mentally prepared for his hitters to have a tough night at the plate. The last time Bochy and the Rangers saw Detmers, he was no-hitting them into the eighth inning of a game in Arlington on Aug. 16.

“We’ve had a tough time against them,” Bochy said after Tuesday’s game.

Detmers, who is 24 years old, figures to be a mainstay in the Angels rotation for the foreseeable future.

Considering the 2023 season was his third year as a professional baseball player — he was drafted in 2020 and then bumped to the major leagues in 2021 after playing just 13 games in the minors — Detmers’ 2023 finish still holds much promise for 2024.

SPORTS

MLB awards races: Will Dodgers’ manager Dave Roberts again be overlooked?
Sept. 26, 2023

“My plan is to keep doing what I’ve been doing the last four or five starts,” Detmers said, “throwing more changeups and just keeping everybody off balance. But going into the offseason, I’m going to work on… the pitches, see if I can get them a little bit better, a little more consistent.

“We got a really good group of guys in the bullpen and starting,” he added later. “There’s a little bit of a chip on our shoulder for next year.”

More to Read
Angels’ season ends with shutout loss to the Rangers
Sept. 29, 2024
Angels can’t hold off Rangers rally, record 98th loss of season
Sept. 28, 2024
Reid Detmers strikes out 12, gives up three homers in Angels’ loss to Rangers
Sept. 27, 2024
ANGELS
Sarah Valenzuela
X

Sarah Valenzuela is the former Angels beat writer for the Los Angeles Times. She previously worked at the New York Daily News, where she covered the New York Liberty and contributed to coverage of the New York Mets and New York Yankees. Before that, the Queens native was a freelancer with bylines in Thrillist and Self Magazine, worked as a production assistant with SNY-TV and MLB.com and briefly was a general assignment reporter for the Bronx Times. Valenzuela graduated from Syracuse University’s Newhouse School of Public Communications.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Have Padres, Diamondbacks given up trying to keep pace with Dodgers? They’ve stood pat so far
Dec. 13, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024

SPORTS

Dave Parker, Dick Allen are elected to baseball’s Hall of Fame
Dec. 8, 2024

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani to recoup $325,000 in baseball cards. Ex-interpreter still owes him $16 million
Dec. 3, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Los Angeles has never seen this level of destruction: ‘Everything is burned down’
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
These are the Malibu and Altadena restaurants damaged or destroyed by ongoing L.A. fires
Before-and-after satellite images show destruction in Malibu and Altadena
Latest Angels
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Want to buy spring training tickets for the Dodgers? They won’t be cheap
Nov. 18, 2024
Rays stadium drama and potential relocation could upend MLB’s expansion plans
Nov. 16, 2024
How to watch the Angels and Dodgers next year amid MLB’s uncertain TV future
Nov. 15, 2024
Infielder Kevin Newman agrees to one-year, $2.75-million deal with Angels
Nov. 14, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/angels/story/2023-09-26/los-angeles-angels-vs-texas-rangers-mlb-recap 
 ----- 
