Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Isiah Pacheco Chiefs 
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
Mets Pete Alonso
King Charles Prince William
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Social Security Payment 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NBA
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Winners
Los Angeles Lakers
Magic Johnson on HBO's Winning Time: "None of us watched it because it was fictional"

Magic Johnson was initially on board with the project then dropped out

Magic Johnson attends the Elizabeth Taylor Ball to End AIDS / LAPRESSE
LW
25/09/2023 - 21:08 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NBA. Michael Jordan believes Magic Johnson is better than Steph Curry
NFL. Magic Johnson meets with Washington Commanders players to give them the best gift ever

Earving 'Magic' Johnson, the five-time NBA champion with the Lakers and centerpiece of HBO's Winning Time show claims that no one can tell the story just as it happened.

The recently canceled show that depicted the Showtime Era of the Los Angeles team was brought to the small screen by Oscar-winning director Adam McKay, and it brought a hugely talented roster to play the main characters of the show.

Magic Johnson was initially on board but then dropped out

According to the Hollywood Reporter, Magic Johnson was initially on board while the series was in development, however, abandoned the endeavor, some claim it was because of a money issue,

The five-time NBA champ was initially involved in the series' development but dropped out, according to series co-creator Jim Hecht "The next thing I knew, I was in a meeting with my childhood idol and he's saying, 'Yes, I wanna do this, this way, with you guys,'" Hecht told in a column for THR "So, I dove right in and spent the next six months developing a take."

However, Magic "backed out, I never heard from him directly, but I was told it was about money,"

Meanwhile, Johnson spoke openly about the show," never watched, nobody in this world can tell the Lakers story." He also spoke about Dr. Jerry Buss played by the great John C. Riley "Dr. [Jerry] Buss was way ahead of his time as an owner. Our team? Unbelievable! The Laker Girls with Paula Abdul? Unbelievable! Nobody can tell that story."

Johnson was very vocal during an interview with Variety "How are you gonna do it? You can't do it," he added. "So I don't know what this stuff [Winning Time] is, I haven't watched it, I'm not gonna watch it. And all the guys said the same thing. Kareem [Abdul-Jabbar], everybody. You can't do it."

MORE in MARCA
Ben Affle ck retu...
Marca
Steve Sarkis...
Marca

Series creator Adam McKay expected for them not to like it, claiming "We know that a bunch of them are not happy," said. "For the first half of the [show's run], I don't think I'm going to be able to get Laker tickets. But I do hope they all hang in there with the show because we really are trying to respectfully tell their story."

However, Jeanie Buss, the current owner of the Lakers did watch it, and liked it, even his husband, comedian Jay Mohr made a cameo on the show.

Miami HeatDwyane Wade tried to end things with Gabrielle Union before telling her about his baby with Aja Metoyer
Oklahoma City ThunderJalen Williams warns his NBA colleagues about 'honey traps'
NBANBA luxury tax: teams on both coasts top all-time list of biggest spenders
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Deion Sanders controls the NFL...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/basketball/nba/los-angeles-lakers/2023/09/26/65123cf1ca47415b068b45be.html 
 ----- 
