Sections
Show Search
ANGELS
Mike Trout plans to be ‘wearing an Angels uniform in spring’
Angels star Mike Trout sits in the dugout during a game against the Detroit Tigers on Sept. 15. (Alex Gallardo / Associated Press)
By Sarah Valenzuela
Staff Writer
Follow
Sept. 25, 2023 Updated 9:21 PM PT
Share

Mike Trout walked with purpose through the Angels clubhouse Monday and headed directly to his locker. He stood tall in a navy Angels sweatshirt and red cap and waited for members of the media to gather around him. He smiled and joked briefly about Taylor Swift’s appearance at a recent football game in Kansas City. Then the first question.

“What’s the frustration level knowing this injury is keeping you out the rest of the way?,” the Angels’ center fielder was asked.

The 32-year-old slugger’s voice broke ever so slightly. A frown crossed his face. He fought back tears.

“Yeah, it’s frustrating,” Trout said. “It’s [feeling] better now, but I wanted to get back. It’s tough. It’s been hard on me. … I just want to be out there and injuries suck. All the hard work and stuff and just freak stuff happens. But [I’m] trying to stay positive.”

ANGELS

Hernández: Mike Trout wants to stay with the Angels. That’s why they need to move him
Sept. 26, 2023

It had been one day since the Angels moved Trout to the 60-day injured list as he continued to recover from surgery to remove his fractured left hamate bone. The move signaled the official end of his season.

It was nowhere near the kind of season Trout had envisioned for himself or for his team, which was eliminated from playoff contention after a loss on Sept. 16, then clinched another losing season after a loss on Sept. 17. They lost to the Texas Rangers 5-1 on Monday.

Yet, during a 12½-minute scrum with the media, Trout showed brief flashes of hope. He tried to address curiosity about his future with the Angels.

Asked whether he was certain he wanted to remain in Anaheim, Trout said: “I go through this every year. There’s private conversations I have [after every season] with [owner] Arte [Moreno] and [team president John Carpino],” Trout said. “And like I said, I’m doing the same thing I did the last, what, 13 years? Going into the offseason, clearing my mind and getting ready for spring and wearing an Angels uniform in spring.”

Trout added: “I know there’s a lot of speculation out there. ... Nothing has changed.”

Trout also praised Phil Nevin, saying he would give the Angels manager a vote of confidence in his conversation with the front office. Trout also said he remains dedicated to the Angels’ success.

“The last few weeks have been tough. I get that. But there isn’t no one in here that wants to win more than me.”

Trout was limited to 82 games this season because of the injury that occurred while fouling off a pitch in a game in San Diego on July 3. He went on the IL, had surgery and then returned for one game on Aug. 22, but was experiencing more pain than he thought he could handle, which prompted his current stint on the IL.

ANGELS

‘They’re even down there when he’s not.’ Shohei Ohtani fans remain rabid amid uncertainty
Sept. 24, 2023

“I told you guys, he fought like heck to get back and it just hasn’t gone well,” Nevin said. “Remember, when he got hurt, we were still in this thing and it affected him. He cares about his teammates, he cares about the people around him, he cares about this organization and, most importantly, the fans.”

And this injury, Trout said, has been the hardest for him to deal with because the injury is in his hand. The three-time American League most valuable player, who made a name for himself notably with his bat, had been unable to properly have an at-bat because the effects of the hamate fracture and surgery left him in a state of trying to tolerate pain, especially when he swings.

“Coming into this season, I think the biggest thing was trying to be healthy and that was my goal,” he said. “Went into the offseason with a plan, hired a lot of people to work on my body. My body felt great and a freak thing happened. Broke my hand. Came back probably sooner than I should have, but I wanted to be out there with the guys.”

As for Trout’s health, the plan, he said, is to do everything he can to have a normal offseason.

“Last few [rehab] sessions have been great, no pain,” Trout said. “I come in, hit, a little sore, but normal stuff. But the main goal once I got shut down was to get back and obviously get back to play with the guys. But the biggest thing now is just to make sure I’m healthy going into the offseason.”

More to Read
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Angels star Mike Trout says ‘everything’s on the table’ regarding position change
Sept. 16, 2024
Shaikin: How might another lost season for Mike Trout impact his Hall of Fame candidacy?
Aug. 1, 2024
ANGELS
Sarah Valenzuela
X

Sarah Valenzuela is the former Angels beat writer for the Los Angeles Times. She previously worked at the New York Daily News, where she covered the New York Liberty and contributed to coverage of the New York Mets and New York Yankees. Before that, the Queens native was a freelancer with bylines in Thrillist and Self Magazine, worked as a production assistant with SNY-TV and MLB.com and briefly was a general assignment reporter for the Bronx Times. Valenzuela graduated from Syracuse University’s Newhouse School of Public Communications.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Have Padres, Diamondbacks given up trying to keep pace with Dodgers? They’ve stood pat so far
Dec. 13, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024

SPORTS

Dave Parker, Dick Allen are elected to baseball’s Hall of Fame
Dec. 8, 2024

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani to recoup $325,000 in baseball cards. Ex-interpreter still owes him $16 million
Dec. 3, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Los Angeles has never seen this level of destruction: ‘Everything is burned down’
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
These are the Malibu and Altadena restaurants damaged or destroyed by ongoing L.A. fires
Before-and-after satellite images show destruction in Malibu and Altadena
Latest Angels
Want to buy spring training tickets for the Dodgers? They won’t be cheap
Nov. 18, 2024
Rays stadium drama and potential relocation could upend MLB’s expansion plans
Nov. 16, 2024
How to watch the Angels and Dodgers next year amid MLB’s uncertain TV future
Nov. 15, 2024
Infielder Kevin Newman agrees to one-year, $2.75-million deal with Angels
Nov. 14, 2024
Angels owner Arte Moreno bullish on team’s new TV deal: ‘We are raising our payroll’
Nov. 11, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/angels/story/2023-09-25/mike-trout-angels-future 
 ----- 
