Skip to content
Subscribe Now
33°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSNBA
Embiid sluggish, leaves room for improvement in 13-point season debut for 76ers
Philadelphia 76ers’ Joel Embiid walks off the court after the 76ers lost an Emirates NBA Cup basketball game against the New York Knicks, Tuesday, Nov. 12, 2024, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
By DAN GELSTON | | The Associated Press
PUBLISHED: November 13, 2024 at 10:43 AM EST

PHILADELPHIA — Joel Embiid took an errant headbutt to the face, looked gassed early in his 26-minute season debut, flopped, as the big man can — though extra seconds on the floor provided a needed breather — and failed to find his shot in his return to the 76ers.

Embiid hit the court to a rousing ovation from nearly 20,000 fans but failed to stir the Sixers out of their early season slumber that kept them anchored at the bottom of the Eastern Conference.

He shot just 2 for 11, grabbed three rebounds and scored 13 points, not enough to prevent the 76ers from another loss, 111-99 to the New York Knicks on Tuesday night

The 2023 NBA MVP, Embiid also missed 4 of 5 3-point attempts and had a pair of turnovers.

“I mean, the first five minutes,” were rusty, Embiid said. “I thought after that, it was fine. You can do whatever you want in practice and (a) scrimmage. But the game is a different story. I’ll be fine.”

Embiid, his season marred by injuries and suspension, wasted no time giving the Sixers a tantalizing glimpse of what could be — a dish to fellow oft-injured All-Star Paul George for a layup to open the game.

“I thought he got a little tired again in the fourth,” coach Nick Nurse said. “I thought he played with some pretty good competitive spirit.”

Embiid, wearing a brace on his surgically repaired left knee, pointed skyward as he hit the court for pregame warmups and looked ready to roll for his debut.

He had already stuck around for extra work after shootaround. The 7-footer was in no rush to finish his drills.

Embiid shot free throws, worked on his post game and made soft jumpers during a Tuesday morning workout in preparation of his season debut and his first game playing with George, who joined the Sixers over the summer on a four-year, $212 million contract.

With Embiid and George, the Sixers fell to 2-8 and with the undefeated Cleveland Cavaliers in town Wednesday night.

“You just see how much he demands eyes and attention on him,” said George, who led the Sixers with 29 points. “For me, a lot of it was just kind of learning. He’s a force out there. You’ve got to find him, you’ve got to see him.”

Embiid, George and fellow All-Star Tyrese Maxey, out with a right hamstring injury, were the 76ers’ version of a Big Three that was expected to make them one of the big favorites out of the East.

The trio instead has yet to play a game together.

“I think it’s all about us just getting on the floor together, learning how to play with each other,” Embiid said. “I’m back. PG is feeling pretty good. We just need to get Tyrese back. Once we’re all on the floor, I think we’re going to have a pretty good chance to win some games.”

The 76ers face an uphill climb into a top seed in the East.

There have been 20 teams in NBA history to make the playoffs after starting 1-6 or 0-7, though it’s been extremely rare in recent years. In the last 27 years, only three teams — the 2003-04 Miami Heat (0-7), the 2004-05 Chicago Bulls (0-7) and the 2021-22 New Orleans Pelicans (1-6) — had such a start and went on to make the playoffs.

Embiid’s return can only force the push toward a winning record.

A seven-time All-Star, Embiid returns from what the team called left knee management and the end of a three-game suspension for shoving a member of the media.

By his own admission, Embiid says he won’t play back-to-back games this season, meaning he’ll sit out Wednesday against Cleveland. The next set of back-to-backs are Dec. 3 at Charlotte and a Dec. 4 home game against Orlando.

Play him at home in front of fans who paid exorbitant ticket prices this season to watch Andre Drummond at center, right?

No so fast.

Much like Tuesday’s game against the Knicks, the Hornets game was designated as part of the NBA Cup round-robin schedule.

The 76ers have been open since the preseason on how they intended to use Embiid this season — manage his minutes and games played to the point where they can safely navigate him to the postseason healthy for the first time in his career.

Nurse, the sports science departments and the front office face a thorny situation on deciding when Embiid will suit up this season. Plus, with Embiid, there’s no guarantee he simply won’t get injured again, a blow that would send the franchise closer to the draft lottery than chasing its first NBA championship since 1983.

Embid said he would lobby to play against the Cavaliers, a chance to spoil their perfect start too enticing to sit out again after missing the first nine games.

The 76ers may want to put the bubble wrap back on Embiid.

“I know I said I will never play back-to-backs,” Embiid said, smiling, “but I’m a troll.”

Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
The Worst City in America is Found in Utah
Definition
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Salt Lake City Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Resident Wins Big Playing Online Slots And The Casino Can't Stop Her!
Casino Review Journal
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
The Worst Cars Ever Made, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
Moerie
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
A 60-year-old Grandmother Designed a Bra for Women That is Popular All over
Libiyi
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Discover The Perfect Cordless Table Lamp for Your Salt Lake City Home
Ribili
15 Companies That Will Give You Food and Other Products for Free
The Penny Hoarder
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? You Won’t Believe This Jaw-dropping Secret!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
First Signs of Crohn's Disease That Many Females Tend to Ignore
Crohn's Disease Treatment
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
If Your Dog Follows You, Here's What It Means
articlestone
MD: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
Salt Lake City: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $150/month - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Might Shock You!
Tardive
Chiropractors Stunned: 30 Seconds to a Life Free of Back Pain?
WellnessGaze Back Health
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
This is What Happens When You Eat 2 Bananas Every Day
HEALTH NATURAL
10 Foods You Should Never Eat After 50
HEALTH NATURAL
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Fast & Affordable Oil Change Services in Salt Lake City!
Oil Change
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
Salt Lake City: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See the List!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Don't Ignore These Early Warning Signs of Psoriatic Arthritis
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
Trenton council retreat sets as Agatha Christie whodunnit (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton council retreat sets as Agatha Christie whodunnit (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Tort claim says Trenton Economic Development Director compared TPD Lieutenant and animal shelter employees to Nazis
Tort claim says Trenton Economic Development Director compared TPD Lieutenant and animal shelter employees to Nazis
Hightstown boys basketball hangs on to beat Notre Dame in wild CVC finish
Hightstown boys basketball hangs on to beat Notre Dame in wild CVC finish
Predictions for 2025, including Trump, the Mets, and more (JEFF EDELSTEIN COLUMN)
Predictions for 2025, including Trump, the Mets, and more (JEFF EDELSTEIN COLUMN)
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
Trenton Water Works installs automatic flushing assembly in Hopewell Township
Trenton Water Works installs automatic flushing assembly in Hopewell Township
Penelope Swarn, Hightstown girls basketball surge past Notre Dame
Penelope Swarn, Hightstown girls basketball surge past Notre Dame
Trenton Punk Rock Flea Market has a new name
Trenton Punk Rock Flea Market has a new name
TRENDING NATIONALLY
5 dead in California fire as it explodes to 10,600 acres — 100 structures burned
Jimmy Carter federal holiday: What’s open, what’s closed Jan. 9 for National Day of Mourning
Gas and weed and go? Judge says Florida regulators were OK nipping plan in the bud
Tattoo artist sentenced to federal prison for buying and selling stolen body parts
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
MORE IN NBA
Sixers’ Paul George pressing, still struggling to find his shooting touch
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Bradley Beal comes off the bench to score 25 as Suns top 76ers
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Happy to be home, 76ers take positives from long road trip
Joel Embiid powers 76ers to blowout win over short-handed Nets
2024
November
13
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/11/13/embiid-sluggish-leaves-room-for-improvement-in-13-point-season-debut-for-76ers/ 
 ----- 
