Skip to main content
Liberty Ballers homepage
a Philadelphia 76ers community
Follow Liberty Ballers online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Liberty Ballers main menu
SECTIONS 
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

SIXERS INJURY REPORT
Update: Joel Embiid and Paul George OUT for Wednesday vs. Cavs

Being the second half of a back-to-back, Joel Embiid and Paul George have now been ruled out against the undefeated Cavs Wednesday.

By Paul Hudrick and Sean Kennedy  Updated Nov 13, 2024, 1:14pm EST  41 Comments / 41 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options

After a tough loss against the revamped New York Knicks in Joel Embiid’s season debut Tuesday, the Sixers will turn around and play the undefeated Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday.

Man, who did the Sixers piss off at the league office?

Oh, right. Everyone.

If you’re looking for a positive, head coach Nick Nurse did not rule out the possibility of Embiid and/or Paul George suiting up against the Cavs. Nurse said both players will be evaluated in the morning to see how they feel.

George, who had his best game as a Sixer Tuesday with a game-high 29 points, is still on a minutes restriction of sorts. He played 32 minutes against the Knicks. He’s unsure how his body will respond, but he didn’t close the door on playing against Cleveland.

“Hopefully I feel really good in the morning and kind of just see where it goes from there,” George said.

It was expected for Embiid to have plenty of rust after not playing in the first nine games of the season. The star big man said that after the first five minutes of the game he started to feel better, though he’s still building up to a point where he can trust his knee.

When asked about the possibility he could play Wednesday, Embiid gave the most Embiid answer possible.

“I want to [play],” he said, “but that’s up to [the medical staff]. I know I said I would never play back-to-backs, but I’m a troll so I’m sure at some point I’ll play in one. But I feel good. I feel good right now. We’ll see, but it’s up to them.”

When Embiid gave that quote to Tim Bontemps of ESPN that he’ll “probably never play back-to-backs” again, the NBA world lost its collective mind. It would be the most Embiid and Sixers thing ever if he plays both games of the first possible back-to-back — though consider this reporter skeptical.

The Sixers are now 2-8 with some tough games on deck. Tyrese Maxey, who Nurse said pregame is doing light on-court activity, remains out with a hamstring strain. Both Embiid and George need to play to round into form, but without costing them long-term health this season.

It’s not time to panic yet, but it’s getting late early.

Update: Both Joel Embiid and Paul George will be out for tonight’s game against Cleveland.

This news clearly hurts the Sixers’ chances of serving the Cavaliers their first loss of the season. We’ll see if the league office is comfortable with this latest bit of roster management from Philadelphia.

MORE FROM LIBERTY BALLERS
Embiid, PG return to practice on Thursday
Tyrese Maxey makes headway in latest All-Star fan voting returns
Non-Embiid games will continue to be ugly barring a trade
Yabu heroics, Oubre block, RC4 slam: 7 highlights from Sixers’ win over Wizards
Sixers Bell Ringer: Sixers pull out of horrific nosedive and squeak by Wizards
Yabu saves the day as Sixers narrowly beat tanking Wizards
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Liberty Ballers Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Philadelphia 76ers news from Liberty Ballers
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.libertyballers.com/2024/11/13/24295342/joel-embiid-paul-george-injury-status-sixers-cavs-injury-report-tyrese-maxey 
 ----- 
