Skip to content
SIGN IN / 
SIGN UP
Keep reading by creating a free account or signing in.
Sign in/Sign up
Subscribe
Support local news
GAMEDAY CENTRAL
EAGLES
PHILLIES
SIXERS
FLYERS
UNION
COLLEGES
COLUMNISTS
HIGH SCHOOL
THE SCORE
SIXERS
New
Exclusive to subscribers
You can now gift articles
Joel Embiid is rusty, fatigued in his season debut as the Sixers drop NBA Cup opener to New York Knicks

Embiid shot 2-for-11 from the field in his first game, finishing with 13 points. Paul George scored a game-high 29 points for his best game as a Sixer.

Sixers center Joel Embiid made just 2-of-11 shots against the Knicks on Tuesday.
Steven M. Falk / Staff Photographer
by Keith Pompey
Updated Nov. 13, 2024, 8:07 a.m. ET
|
Published Nov. 12, 2024, 10:28 p.m. ET

The last image of Joel Embiid playing with the 76ers was him gritting his way through Bell’s palsy and the aftereffects of a left knee injury. He played 40 minutes in Game 6 of the first-round matchup last season against the New York Knicks despite being clearly limited.

Sure, he could still bully his way to his spots. But when he tried to accelerate, his athleticism and explosion were gone.

But for the fans inside the Wells Fargo Center for Tuesday night’s 111-99 loss for the Sixers in the NBA Cup opener against those same Knicks, Embiid was in better health. The 7-foot-2 center was noticeably rusty, out of game shape and timid in what was his first game since helping Team USA win the gold medal at the Paris Olympics on Aug. 11.

» READ MORE: Sixers expect adjustment period to accompany Joel Embiid’s return; NBA Cup tips off with special court

ADVERTISEMENT

Embiid finished with 13 points, three rebounds, five assists, one block, and two turnovers while playing just 26 minutes, 25 seconds due to a minutes restriction.

He missed his first five shots en route to shooting 2-for-11 — including making 1 of 5 three-pointers. However, he went a perfect 8-for-8 from the foul line.

“He was certainly rusty. Conditioning I think showed up fairly early,” coach Nick Nurse said. “Seen him play through that before, kind of responded in the second half, after being on a layoff. Seemed to do it a little bit, then I thought he got kind of tired again in the fourth, but again, probably to be expected. I thought he played with some pretty good competitive spirit for what he could do out there.”

The 2023 league MVP did have a scare with 9:54 remaining. He fell to the floor momentarily after appearing to bump heads with Knicks center Karl-Anthony Towns underneath the Sixers’ basket. Embiid went to the bench during a timeout but remained in the game.

All this came after Embiid missed the entire preseason and the first nine games. Embiid sat out six contests for what the team called left knee injury management and served a three-game suspension for shoving Inquirer columnist Marcus Hayes in the Sixers’ locker room on Nov. 2.

His presence, however, couldn’t prevent Philly’s knack of scoring droughts at inopportune times.

New York went on a 13-0 run to take an 89-75 lead with 8:14 to play. The Sixers missed seven consecutive shot attempts during that run.

The run turned out to be the difference as the Sixers dropped to 2-8 overall and 0-1 in the NBA Cup. The Knicks improved to 5-5 and 1-0 in the NBA Cup standings.

Despite the loss, Paul George had his best game as a Sixer, finishing with 29 points, 10 rebounds, three assists, three steals, a block, and four turnovers.

The nine-time All-Star forward made 7 of 11 three-pointers. However, his first two points came on an assist from Embiid while cutting to the basket on the game’s opening possession. George took advantage of a lot of open looks due to Embiid’s presence.

» READ MORE: How Mikal Bridges morphed from ’Nova redshirt to ’Nova Knick

“It felt good,” Embiid said of playing with George for the first time. “I thought tonight we got in a nice rhythm, which we need to keep doing. Like I said, my job is to let the game be easy for the other guys, setting screens, and getting them open. I am just trying to make the game more simple, especially as I am getting back and trying to feel more confident.”

Rookie guard Jared McCain had another solid scoring night, finishing with 23 points on 7-for-16 shooting. He made four three-pointers. The 16th overall pick in June’s NBA draft also had 27 points in Sunday’s home victory over the Charlotte Hornets.

“It was very quickly, to be comfortable out there,” McCain said of playing with Embiid. “They’re so attentive to Joel. So when you come off those, you just really have to make yourself open, run them into the screen, and make a shot.”

OG Anunoby led the Knicks with 24 points. Towns added 21 points, 13 rebounds, and six assists. while getting the best of Embiid. Josh Hart finished with 14 points, 12 rebounds, and 10 assists.

Up next

The Sixers will play the Cleveland Cavaliers Wednesday at the Wells Fargo Center (7:30 p.m., NBC Sports Philadelphia).

ADVERTISEMENT
ABOUT US
About The Inquirer
Diversity & Inclusion
Advertise
Contact Us
Licensing & Permissions
Photo Reprints
Newspapers in Education
Jobs & Internships
Inquirer Events
Acel Moore Workshops
Newsroom Staff
Help and Feedback
NEWS & INFO
News
Sports
Entertainment
Business
Health
Food
Life
Opinion
Philly First
Archives
Special Reports
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Subscribe
Inquirer Store
Job Listings
All Classifieds
Death Notices
Legal Notices
Gift Subscriptions
E-EDITIONS
The Inquirer
The Daily News
MOBILE APPS
Apple iOS
Google Android
© 2025 The Philadelphia Inquirer, LLC
Terms of Use/Privacy Policy/Cancellation Policy/California Notice
California residents do not sell my data request
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.inquirer.com/sixers/joel-embiid-shows-rust-in-sixers-nba-cup-game-against-new-york-knicks-20241112.html 
 ----- 
