JAN. 9, 2025
contribute
 now

Hush: An OPB investigative podcast

In the first season of “Hush,” uncover the case of Jesse Lee Johnson, a Black man who lived on death row in Oregon for 17 years for a crime he said he didn’t commit.

Listen now
In The News
Wildfire updates
Grants Pass homelessness
REI
Gov. Tina Kotek
Oregon firefighters
Amazon
PPS cellphone policy
Crook County schools
Old-growth forests
SPORTS
Sharpe and Clingan power the Trail Blazers to a 106-98 victory over the Timberwolves
By AP staff (AP)
PORTLAND, Ore. Nov. 14, 2024 3:11 p.m.

Shaedon Sharpe scored 33 points, Donovan Clingan narrowly missed a triple-double with 17 points, 13 rebounds and eight blocks on Wednesday, and the Portland Trail Blazers beat the Minnesota Timberwolves for the second straight night 106-98.

Anthony Edwards scored 24 points as Minnesota squandered an early lead and dropped its third straight game.

THANKS TO OUR SPONSOR:
Become a Sponsor

Portland Trail Blazers guard Shaedon Sharpe, right, shoots over Minnesota Timberwolves forward Jaden McDaniels during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Portland, Ore., Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2024.

Craig Mitchelldyer / AP

The teams entered the fourth quarter tied before Portland took control behind the defense of Clingan, who had four blocks in the period as Minnesota missed 10 of its first 11 shots to start the final frame.

Portland extended its lead to double digits for the first time on free throws by Sharpe to make it 89-78.

Takeaways

Wolves: Minnesota played without starting point guard Mike Conley. Conley played in the first two back-to-backs of the season, but resting him Wednesday is part of a bigger plan for the 37-year old point guard. “We’re not a rest team generally ... But we had the mindset this season to be a little more proactive with Mike,” Wolves coach Chris Finch said.

Trail Blazers: The Blazers were without starting point guard Anfernee Simons, who left Tuesday’s game with shortness of breath. “He just didn’t feel very well today,” head coach Chauncey Billups said. Billups said he expected further tests and that Simons doesn’t seem worried. Portland was also without Robert Williams, who is being held out of back-to-backs.

Key moment

Shaedon Sharpe’s put-back slam dunk with 5:26 left in the game put Portland up 91-83, sending the home crowd into a frenzy.

THANKS TO OUR SPONSOR:
Become a Sponsor
Key stat

Minnesota shot 7 for 39 (18%) from the 3-point line. The Wolves entered Wednesday ranked fourth in the NBA in 3-point percentage.

Up next

The Timberwolves are at Sacramento on Friday, while the Trail Blazers are off until a Sunday game against Atlanta.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBA

Minnesota Timberwolves guard Nickeil Alexander-Walker, right, shoots over Portland Trail Blazers center Donovan Clingan, center, and forward Toumani Camara during the second half of an NBA basketball game in Portland, Ore., Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2024.

Craig Mitchelldyer / AP

THANKS TO OUR SPONSOR:
Become a Sponsor
📨 Daily news in your inbox
Sign up today for OPB’s “First Look” – your daily guide to the most important news and culture stories from around the Northwest.
EMAIL
Sign up

Tags: Sports, Trail Blazers, Basketball

Ensure OPB thrives in 2025! Join as a new member with your Sustaining support now!
Contribute now!
TV & Radio Schedules
Sponsorship
Help Center

Manage My Membership
Contact Us
Notifications
Privacy Policy
FCC Public Files
FCC Applications
Terms of Use
Editorial Policy
SMS T&C
Contest Rules
Accessibility
Listen to the OPB News live stream (opens new window)

STREAMING NOW

Think Out Loud

Show switch stream buttons
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.opb.org/article/2024/11/14/sharpe-and-clingan-power-the-trail-blazers-to-a-106-98-victory-over-the-timberwolves/ 
 ----- 
