MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Williams and Grant help Trail Blazers beat Timberwolves 122-108
Updated Nov. 13, 2024 12:39 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Robert Williams and Jerami Grant each scored 19 points to lead the Portland Trail Blazers to a 122-108 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night.

Williams, who recently returned from a knee injury, also had nine rebounds and three assists.

Naz Reid led Minnesota with 28 points in the loss while star guard Anthony Edwards pitched in 26 points.

The Blazers, who entered the game as the second-worst 3-point shooting team in the NBA, shot a blistering 18 for 32 (56%) from behind the 3-point line.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

The Blazers jumped out to a 28-17 lead after the first quarter, capped off by a Dalano Banton 3-pointer at the buzzer. Banton entered the game after Portland lost Anfernee Simons for the game due to a chest injury and his backup, Scoot Henderson, picked up three fouls in the first quarter.

Takeaways

Timberwolves: Minnesota came into Tuesday’s cup game after blowing an 88-80 lead in the last five minutes to the Miami Heat on Sunday. Their coach Chris Finch blamed himself for the loss. “I take responsibility for that entire game, that was a complete meltdown in a lot of ways. I didn’t have enough answers for the zone,” Finch said. “It wasn’t a late-game thing as much as I thought the zone really stifled us.”

Blazers: Donovan Clingan got the first start of his NBA career on Tuesday night in place of Deandre Ayton, who missed the game with a sprained finger. He started the game with a block against Rudy Gobert on the opening play of the game and snagged a steal a few possessions later.

Key moment
Salt Lake City: get your Harry Potter puzzles
Experience the magic of the Wizarding World in your hands with our Harry Potter puzzles. Shop now.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.
Relax In Style
Breezy chambray, intricate embroidery, and luxurious silk come together in our latest resort arrivals, perfect for sun-filled escapes and dreamy getaways.
Johnny Was|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

Portland had two end of quarter buzzer-beating 3-pointers, one from Banton to end the first quarter and another from Deni Avdija to end the third quarter.

Key stat

The Blazers dominated the bench points in Tuesday night’s game, outsourcing Minnesota 64-39.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Portland Trail Blazers
Jerami Grant
National Basketball Association
Anfernee Simons
Dalano Banton
Anthony Edwards
Naz Reid
Jerami Grant
Robert Williams III
Minnesota Timberwolves
Portland Trail Blazers
NBA - Minnesota Timberwolves vs. Portland Trail Blazers - 11/14/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/williams-and-grant-help-trail-blazers-beat-timberwolves-122108 
 ----- 
