Skip to content
Subscribe Now
30°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime & Public Safety
Your Tax Dollars At Work
Massachusetts
Nation
World
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Columnists
Traffic
Automotive
Real Estate
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Submit a Letter
Sports
Sports
Boston Red Sox
New England Patriots
Boston Celtics
Boston Bruins
Olympics
College Sports
High School Sports
Politics
Politics
Donald Trump
Election 2024
State House
Boston City Hall
Entertainment
Entertainment
Arts
Movies
TV and Streaming
Music and Concerts
Events
Fun & Games
Contests
Comics
Puzzles
Special Sections
Lifestyle
Lifestyle
Restaurants Food & Drink
Travel
Fashion
Boston Herald Store
Photo
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Login

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBBOSTON RED SOX
Mets take series: Red Sox bullpen turns close game into ugly 7-2 loss
New York Mets shortstop Francisco Lindor reacts after hitting a RBI double against the Boston Red Sox during the eighth inning of a game Tuesday in New York. (AP Photo/Noah K. Murray)
By GABRIELLE STARR | gstarr@bostonherald.com
UPDATED: September 3, 2024 at 11:14 PM EDT

NEW YORK – On Sept. 3, 1997, the Montreal Expos (R.I.P.) collected one hit and beat the Red Sox.

In one of those kooky only-in-baseball coincidences, 27 years later to the day, the Red Sox found themselves in similarly dire straits. Entering the bottom of the seventh, the Mets had collected one hit, but led 2-1 because said hit was a two-run homer by Francisco Lindor.

When all was said and done, however, it was a much more typical Red Sox loss: a strong starting pitching performances squandered, thanks to a quiet offense and a bullpen that’s been serving up wins to opponents on a silver platter ever since the All-Star break.

Mets 7, Red Sox 2.

Both starters delivered in strong six-inning outings. For the fifth time in his career and first time this season, Kutter Crawford went six (or more) innings and allowed no more than one hit. He issued two walks, and struck out eight. He threw 93 pitches, 64 for strikes. Other than the bottom of the third, when he walked Jeff McNeil and gave up Lindor’s 30th homer of the season, he faced the minimum in every frame. He struck out five of six batters over the first two innings.

“I think I had a good mix of four-seam, cutter, and like, moving both those pitches around,” Crawford said. “Mechanically, I feel like I’m in a pretty good spot.”

“He’s been on point,” Red Sox manager Alex Cora said of Crawford’s recent stretch. “The fastball command has been good, and when he has that four-seamer on the top of the zone, he gets swings and misses, keeps them honest.”

The Red Sox tagged David Peterson with six hits, but only managed to score once during his start. He issued one walk, and struck out a career-high 11 batters.

The close game ended with the starters. Justin Slaten took over for Crawford in the bottom of the seventh and immediately gave up a home run to his first batter, Mark Vientos. The Red Sox scored their second run to pull within one in the top of the eighth, only to watch Chris Martin give up four earned runs on four hits – including a first-pitch two-run homer to Pete Alonso – in the bottom of the inning.

After scoring one run apiece in three consecutive losses, Cora hoped that changing up the top of the lineup might reawaken the Boston bats and curtail his team’s rapid downward spiral. He moved Jarren Duran from the leadoff spot to No. 2, put Rob Refsnyder on top, and left Triston Casas out of the starting nine.

The rearrangements did little to rouse the Red Sox, who collected six hits in the first six innings, then went hitless in the last three. They were 1-for-7 with runners in scoring position and left seven men on base, including Duran and Danny Jansen, who singled in the first and second innings, respectively, to give their team an early chance to make something happen. They struck out 15 times, including two for Casas, who entered the game as a pinch-hitter in the seventh.

“The line is not moving,” Cora said. “We’re much better than this, much better. And we just gotta keep working.”

It’s a tale as old as time that when the Red Sox rotation is pitching well, the offense goes dark (or vice versa). Though not usually to such a stunning extent. Boston has been held to no more than four runs in 12 of their last 16 games. They’re 2-10 in those contests.

“When we were hitting, we weren’t pitching,” Cora said. “That’s the way it works.”

This season was supposed to turn out differently. Entering the All-Star break, the Red Sox held the third American League Wild Card and looked like one of the hottest teams in the game, poised to upset every preseason projection. They’ve lost four in a row, and are now only one game over .500. With 23 games left, the window to right the ship and finish with a winning record – never mind find a way into the playoffs – is closing fast.

“We got to find a way to win games,” Cora said.

To that end, he announced that Duran will be back in the leadoff spot and Rafael Devers will bat second in Wednesday’s series finale.

“It hasn’t been easy,” Crawford said. “It’s definitely been a tough stretch, but we’re not going to bend over … And you know, personally, I think we still got a chance. We get on a five-game winning streak and we’re right back in it.”

But in the visitors’ clubhouse, the silence was overwhelming. Still clad in his uniform, Devers sat in front of his locker, staring into space.

Originally Published: September 3, 2024 at 11:06 PM EDT
Around the Web
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Insider Secrets to Playing Online Slots
Casino Review Journal
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Health Trition
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From the Store
learnitwise
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Might Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe the Baldness
BioGrow
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
The Solution To Your Denim Dilemma Is Here | Up To 50% Off Sitewide
Lucky Brand
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
HIV Symptoms Every Woman Should Know
TrendingResults
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
MD: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
6 Ways to Save Money in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Insomnia: Can't Sleep? Try This Immediately
WG Sleep Health
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Can't Ignore
Macular Degeneration
North Charleston: Unsold Diamond Rings Are Sold Almost for Nothing! Click Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Top Digestion Doctor: Avoid This "Gut Paralyzing" Substance Now
WellnessGaze News
Blood Sugar Above 100? Try This Tonight
Healthy Living Club
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Eye-opening Discovery Awaits You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Hair Loss May Become a Thing of The Past (This is Mind Blowing)
WG Hair Restore
Unexpected Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency Unveiled!
Immunodeficiency | Search Ads
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Neuropathy & Nerve Pain: Why Didn't Your Neurologist Tell You About This?
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Weird New "Oral Flush" Naturally Restores Teeth & Gums
Provadent
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
This Simple After-Dinner Ritual Might Help You Get Rid of Stubborn Body Fat!
The Daily Survivor
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
Urologist: Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Prostate
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
City councilor calls for Boston Police, ICE hearing to answer for detainer request discrepancies
Today in History: January 13, Trump becomes first president to be impeached twice
Massachusetts college sued for reportedly paying employees only once a month: ‘Illegal payroll policies… withholding of millions’
Patriots hiring Mike Vrabel as next head coach
Massachusetts Democrat Elizabeth Warren accused of exploiting California wildfire victims
Finley: Trump mustn’t get distracted from mission
Mother-son bond key to Jennifer Lopez’s ‘Unstoppable’
Lucas: Healey changes tune on border
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
Patriots announce date, time for Mike Vrabel’s introductory press conference as head coach
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN BOSTON RED SOX
Garrett Whitlock confirms role with 2025 Red Sox: ‘Back to the bullpen, baby!’
MLB notes: Six-man rotation? Shorter bullpen? How should the Red Sox manage the staff?
Triston Casas still hoping to be with Red Sox long-term amidst trade rumors: I love Boston’
Red Sox revisit highs and lows of ’24 season in first previews of upcoming Netflix series
2024
September
3
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS
e-Edition
Send a News Tip
CONTACT US
Boston Herald Store/Back Copies
Work With Us
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Contests
Special Sections
Fun & Games
Jobs
BUSINESS DIRECTORY
Network Advertising
Adtaxi Solutions
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Informatio
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bostonherald.com/2024/09/03/red-sox-mets-kutter-crawford-david-peterson-chris-martin-bullpen-alex-cora/ 
 ----- 
