Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
SOCCER
Rise in global transfers and fees demonstrate increasing options for women in soccer

One of the most striking signs of the global rise of women’s soccer is the growing international transfer market and the fees club teams are shelling out for players.

Updated June 6, 2024 at 8:20 a.m.
June 6, 2024
2 min read
Save

FILE - Zambia’s Racheal Kundananji scores her team’s third goal during the Women’s World Cup Group C soccer match between Costa Rica and Zambia in Hamilton, New Zealand, Monday, July 31, 2023. One of the most striking signs of the global rise of women’s soccer is the growing international transfer market and the fees club teams are shelling out for talented players. Case in point was the record transfer fee of $788,000 paid by National Women’s Soccer League expansion team Bay FC for Zambian forward Racheal Kundananji. (AP Photo/Andrew Cornaga, File)

TBD
By Anne M. Peterson The Associated Press

One of the most striking signs of the global rise of women’s soccer is the growing international transfer market and the fees club teams are shelling out for players.

Case in point was the record transfer fee of $788,000 paid by National Women’s Soccer League expansion team Bay FC for Zambian forward Racheal Kundananji this year. The Orlando Pride acquired fellow Zambian Barbra Banda for a $740,000 fee.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW
 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
GTA
99.5 per cent didn’t get teen into the University of Waterloo but it got him to where he was meant to be
7 hrs ago
DEVELOPING
Jetliner skids off runway and bursts into flames while landing in South Korea, killing 179
32 mins ago
BLUE JAYS
OPINION
Gregor Chisholm: The Blue Jays are back to the bad old days of scaring off top free agents. But for a different reason
22 hrs ago
HOME AND GARDEN
Two creative souls gutted their dark Roncesvalles home down to the studs. The result is a stunning shared vision
22 hrs ago
GTA
I went digging in Toronto’s vinyl shops. I found more than music
5 hrs ago
BUSINESS
Donald Trump appears to side with Elon Musk and tech allies in debate over foreign workers, roiling his supporters
14 hrs ago
DEVELOPING
Toronto under heavy rainfall warning, city says ‘storm readiness plan’ in place to watch for possible flooding
11 mins ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Jaime Watt: Advice to progressives: public rage is real and the politics of joy is dead
8 hrs ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Sports
FOOTBALL
Brock Purdy’s production takes a big drop for the 49ers in a trying season
33 mins ago
Comments
RAPTORS
Raptors-Knicks trade a year ago reshaped both teams, but who won the trade?
37 mins ago
Comments
HOCKEY
Alec Martinez and Craig Smith could return for the Blackhawks in the Winter Classic
35 mins ago
Comments
HOCKEY
Top draft prospect James Hagens shining at world juniors with U.S.
Article was updated 35 mins ago
Comments
SOCCER
Man City gets much-needed win over Leicester to mark Guardiola’s 500th game in charge
Article was updated 52 mins ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/sports/soccer/rise-in-global-transfers-and-fees-demonstrate-increasing-options-for-women-in-soccer/article_4e64283f-5406-58d5-9c84-e69c3a4a544b.html 
 ----- 
