Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'I just want to win': Espinal's clutch knock lifts Reds past Mets
Share
'I just want to win': Espinal's clutch knock lifts Reds past Mets
September 8th, 2024

Bill Ladson

@ladsonbill24
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

NEW YORK -- After scoring 18 runs and sweeping the Astros at home in Cincinnati, the Reds became stagnant on offense this weekend against the Mets at Citi Field -- until the ninth inning of Sunday’s game. The Reds played spoiler by scoring two runs in that frame, which proved to be decisive in a 3-1 win over New York.

The score was tied at 1 when the Reds took the lead off reliever Phil Maton. With runners on second and third, Santiago Espinal hit a clutch two-run double to left field, scoring Spencer Steer and Ty France.

“[Espy] wants to be in that spot," Cincinnati manager David Bell said. "We want him up in that spot. He has the skills to put the ball in play, but it starts with him wanting to be the guy up in a big spot like that."

Espinal has been a consistent hitter in his past 21 games, going 24-for-69 (.348) with 12 RBIs. It will be interesting to see how he fits in with the club next year. He can play every infield position with the exception of first base -- and can also do the job in the corner outfield spots.

“I can’t control the future, but I’m living what I have right now,” Espinal said. “I’m going out there playing hard with what happened today. Tomorrow, I have to do the same thing again. I’m not worried about next year. I’m just worried about this season. That’s about it.

"When the season is done, maybe we can talk about next year. Right now, I’m focused on the present. I just want to win. I just want to go out there and compete, try to do my best and help the team win.”

Closer Alexis Díaz entered the game in the bottom of the ninth and retired the Mets in order to seal the Reds' 69th win of the season. It wasn't just Díaz -- Cincinnati had to rely on its entire bullpen this weekend.

The Reds' rotation is in disarray. With the exception of right-hander Nick Martinez, the rest of the starting staff -- led by Hunter Greene and Nick Lodolo -- has been on the injured list. So, Bell had to figure out how to navigate through all three games. It turned out that Sunday was the best day for the Reds' pitchers, who combined to allow just one run while striking out nine batters.

Related
The MLB player who raced a cheetah -- and won!

January 12th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Reds bring back Espinal on one-year deal, non-tender Gibaut

November 23rd, 2024

Reds mark Hispanic Heritage Month with days of events

September 22nd, 2024

These 6 big roster Q's await Cincy this offseason

September 18th, 2024

“The bullpen got us to that point," Bell said. "They have been unbelievable. Probably a bit tired, but they just continue to compete and do what it takes."

Right-hander Julian Aguiar, the Reds' No. 11 prospect per MLB Pipeline, tossed 4 2/3 scoreless innings as the opener. The Mets’ best chance to score against Aguiar came in the fourth inning, when they had runners on first and second with no outs. But Aguiar forced Jesse Winker to ground into a force out before getting Jose Iglesias to fly out and Starling Marte to ground out to end the frame.

It was a solid bounce-back game for Aguiar, who allowed two runs in 2 2/3 innings in his last outing against the Astros on Sept. 2.

“I attacked the zone. I kept them off balance. I kept the Mets guessing. I just went out there and shoved,” Aguiar said. “I was not thinking too much. Just do me. I went out there and trusted me vs. the hitter.”

According to Bell, the key to success for Aguiar was that he wanted the ball. Aguiar wasn’t told he was getting the start until 20 minutes after Saturday’s 4-0 loss.

“[Aguiar] had a really good fastball today," Bell said. "Two different breaking balls that really helped him out. Going up against a really good pitcher [in Luis Severino], he held his own. It was a big day for Aggie.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Cincinnati Reds
Santiago Espinal

Bill Ladson has been a reporter for MLB.com since 2002. He covered the Nationals/Expos from 2002-2016.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/santiago-espinal-clutch-hit-lifts-reds-to-win-over-mets 
 ----- 
