Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Severino's gem wasted as Mets' 9-game win streak ends
Share
Severino's gem wasted as Mets' 9-game win streak ends
September 8th, 2024

Matthew Ritchie

@mkrwrt
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

NEW YORK -- Ahead of Sunday’s series finale, manager Carlos Mendoza spoke frankly about how the Mets have willed themselves into a position of true contention in the National League Wild Card race. Yes, talent is undoubtedly a large part of the equation -- but the first-year skipper recognizes an invaluable intangible in his 28-man roster.

“I think that the feeling’s been there for quite a bit now, where we come into the ballpark with the mindset that there’s a good chance to win a baseball game today,” Mendoza said. “That’s what it’s all about, especially at this point, you’ve got to find a way to get the job done. There’s going to be days where you’re not feeling your best, days where it could be a struggle -- you still have to find a way.”

Complete coverage: Mets' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

Though, all good things must come to an end. And in Sunday’s 3-1 series-finale loss to the Reds, the Mets’ nine-game winning streak -- the club’s longest since April 3-13, 2018 -- came to a close. But even as New York’s torrid stretch experienced a blip, players and coaches alike feel flushed with positives from the 10-game span.

“I’m just really proud of the guys,” outfielder Brandon Nimmo said. “They’ve come every day fighting, the pitching has been unbelievable and we’ve been able to have some really clutch hits. Unfortunately, it’s not going to happen all the time -- streaks have to come to an end. But we’ve been playing really good baseball.”

Related
Mets greats congratulate 'stalwart' Wright on number retirement

January 10th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

How Severino's signing signals new direction for A's

December 8th, 2024

Severino hoping to help A's continue in a 'good direction'

December 7th, 2024

Severino, A’s agree on club-record 2-year deal with player option

December 6th, 2024

The Mets lost a step in the NL Wild Card standings, dropping into a tie with the Braves for the final NL Wild Card spot. New York also dropped to a full game behind the D-backs for the second Wild Card spot. Arizona plays on Sunday night against the Astros.

As the Mets' offense struggled to figure out Reds starter Julian Aguiar -- breaking through only on Starling Marte’s RBI single off reliever Tony Santillan in the sixth inning -- Luis Severino was the main highlight on a quiet afternoon. He tossed 6 2/3 innings of one-run ball, notching eight strikeouts while allowing just five hits and two walks. Severino maintained the rotation’s brilliance, lowering the staff’s ERA to 2.05 over the past 10 games.

“For me, we go out there, watch the whole game and we want to see what our other pitchers are doing,” Severino said. “How they control the game, how they mix pitches -- even though the [other starters] are lefties. Even just the mindset they have in the game, I think that helps a lot.”

The most indicative moment of Severino’s sustained prowess came in the top of the fifth, after Jake Fraley and Santiago Espinal reached on a bloop double and single, respectively, to put runners on the corners to lead off the frame. Unsullied, Severino picked off Espinal at first base, then struck out Noelvi Marte and Will Benson consecutively to end the threat.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The final salvo to Benson was a sight to behold -- a 98.3 mph fastball blown by the left-handed-hitting center fielder -- punctuated with a visceral shout towards the outfield from Severino.

“The best-case scenario, in that situation, you get one run and you’re good,” Severino said. “After that pick, I just looked for the strikeout and then to get the other guy out. That was huge. Pete [Alonso] did a great tag there.”

“When he needed to reach velo, it was there,” Mendoza added. “ … He gets the strikeout, that’s when you see the velocity. Those are some of the things that, right now -- especially where he’s at innings-wise -- for him to still go out there and execute pitches … that’s a good sign.”

Severino’s showing -- he produced 14 swings and misses, tied for his fourth-best tally this year -- buoyed the Mets on a tough offensive day where they went 1-for-6 with runners in scoring position and left seven men on base. Mustering only four hits on the afternoon, the lineup was kept off balance after struggling out of the gate against Aguiar. The Mets’ average exit velocity against the right-hander was just 83.7 mph.

“We couldn’t square him up frequently. We got a couple guys on, but didn’t get the big hit,” Mendoza said. “Got the two-out rally with [Jose] Iglesias putting the ball in play with two strikes [and] Marte [delivering the RBI single]. But yeah, we didn’t create much today.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Mets
Luis Severino
You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/mets-offense-struggles-in-series-ending-loss-vs-reds 
 ----- 
