Home
Contact Us
About Us
Advertise
Digital Advertising
Print Ads
Advertise With Us
Circulars
Read the e-edition
Circulation
Manage Your Account
Buy a copy of The Lima News
Subscribe to the Lima News
Deliver The Lima News
Photo Store
Lima News on social media
Lima News on Facebook
Lima News on Twitter
Lima News on YouTube
Lima News on Instagram
Lima News on Pinterest
Lima News on SnapChat
Online Forms
Hear top stories from The Lima News on Alexa
Newsletters
Privacy Policy
News
Local News
Court records
Gas prices
Land transfers
Podcasts
Archive
Making the Grades
Sports
BuckEyes
High School
Auto Racing
College Basketball
College Football
Lima Locos
NFL Football
Summer Olympics
Submit Sports News
TV Sports
E-Edition
Obituaries
Opinion
Columns
Christine Flowers
Mark Figley
John Grindrod
Dr. Jessica Johnson
Ron Lora
Real Life Mama
Bob Seggerson
Don Stratton
David Trinko
Editorials
Letters
Send Letter to the Editor
Contests
Best of the Lima 2023 Winners
Best of the Region 2024
2024 Lima Photo Contest
2025 Bridal Registry
Lifestyle
Anniversaries
Births
Birthdays
Calendar
Comics
Puzzles
Engagements
Entertainment
TV listings
Real Wheels
Reminisce
Weddings
Submit Information
Submit Anniversary
Submit Birthday
Submit Engagement
Submit Wedding
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Businesses
Coupons
Sign In
Subscribe
Newsletter Signup
Link My Account
E-Edition
Sign In
MyAccount
Newsletter Signup
Link My Account
Subscribe
HOME
NEWS
SPORTS
E-EDITION
OBITUARIES
OPINION
CONTESTS
LIFESTYLE
CLASSIFIEDS
BUSINESSES
Home  Sports  Quintana gets 100th win as Mets blank Reds
Sports
Quintana gets 100th win as Mets blank Reds
By Associated Press -
September 8, 2024

New York Mets’ Jose Quintana pitches during the third inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds on Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in New York.

AP Photo | Adam Hunger

NEW YORK — Jose Quintana earned his 100th career win with 6 2/3 sharp innings as the surging New York Mets extended their longest winning streak in more than six years Saturday with a 4-0 victory over the Cincinnati Reds.

A slumping Harrison Bader homered to spark a four-run sixth for the Mets, who have won nine straight games for the first time since April 2018.

“I didn’t realize it was nine straight — that’s awesome,” Bader said. “I think that’s kind of where we’re at, just so zoomed in and just so focused. Once it’s done, it’s on to the next.”

New York moved a game ahead of rival Atlanta for the final NL playoff berth, a half-game behind Arizona for the league’s second wild card. The Mets haven’t trailed in their last 72 innings since Aug. 30 — the longest streak in the majors this season.

Bader was mired in skids of 0 for 15 and 2 for 43 before connecting off Sam Moll (3-2) in the sixth. It was Bader’s 11th home run of the year, and first to the opposite field.

Bader extended his arms wide and pointed toward right field as he rounded the bases.

“Obviously, it’s been a tough sample size here for me individually,” Bader said. “I think it was certainly a second of just relief because at the end of the day, it just comes down to just wanting to produce so intently for your team, you know what I mean? Especially what we’ve got going on here, with playing meaningful baseball in September.”

Pete Alonso hit a one-out RBI single and J.D. Martinez laced a two-run double with two outs. New York has outscored its opponents 44-16 during the winning streak.

Francisco Lindor’s career-high 16-game hitting streak ended as he went 0 for 3, but his sixth-inning walk pushed his on-base streak to 35 games, the longest active run in the majors and the longest single-season streak in Mets history.

Quintana (8-9) allowed five hits and struck out six in becoming the 19th active pitcher to reach 100 wins.

“Nowadays, where guys are coming out and throwing as hard as they can and spinning as hard as they can, this guy’s pitching,” Mets manager Carlos Mendoza said. “He’s got to locate, he’s got to mix pitches, he’s got to change speeds — old-school type, if you want to call it, and he continues to do it.”

Quintana, the first native of Colombia to win 100 major league games, threw exactly 100 pitches and has a 0.50 ERA in his last three starts.

“I have a lot of emotions,” Quintana said. “Means a lot. I can’t wait to see my family and say thank you for all the support they’ve given me.”

Adam Ottavino, Danny Young and Edwin Díaz completed the six-hitter for New York’s seventh shutout this season — all since July 11.

Jakob Junis, making his second start for the Reds since he was acquired from Milwaukee on July 30, allowed one hit — a fifth-inning double by Jose Iglesias — over five innings. It was Junis’ longest big league appearance since he threw 5 1/3 innings of relief for San Francisco on Sept. 25, 2022.

Junis has a 3.24 ERA in 11 appearances for Cincinnati and a 2.82 ERA in 21 games overall.

“He can pitch,” Reds manager David Bell said. “Did a lot with his slider today. He’s got a good sinker-slider, but he mixes in a four-seam fastball to keep guys honest. He’s pitched really well for us.”

The start of the game was delayed 66 minutes by rain.

IT TAKES TWO

The Mets’ new double-play combination of Iglesias and Lindor turned a pair of impressive double plays. Iglesias, who will be the Mets’ everyday second baseman going forward with Jeff McNeil sidelined, made a diving stop to rob Ty France of a hit to begin a 4-6-3 double play in the second. Lindor started a 6-4-3 double play by ranging into the hole on Jonathan India’s grounder in the third.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Reds: RHP Hunter Greene (right elbow) could return to the active roster after two live batting practice sessions, the first of which is scheduled for Tuesday. … LHP Andrew Abbott (shoulder) is continuing to throw in hopes of returning to Cincinnati’s rotation before the season ends.

Mets: McNeil (right wrist) will miss the rest of the regular season after an MRI revealed a small fracture. He was hit by a 74 mph curveball from Brandon Williamson on Friday night. McNeil isn’t expected to need surgery. He and Mendoza said it was possible McNeil could return in October if the Mets make a deep playoff run. He will be placed on the injured list Sunday. … RHP Kodai Senga (left calf strain) threw his second bullpen.

UP NEXT

The three-game series concludes Sunday, when Mets RHP Luis Severino (10-6, 3.84 ERA) opposes Reds RHP Julian Aguiar (1-0, 6.48).

Around the Web
25 Outdated Fashion Trends Old Women Still Wear
Definition
5 Parasite Causing Foods You Should Stop Eating Right Now
ParasiteRelief
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
Moerie
The Conjoined Twins Are No Longer Together
starsaremade
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
Ellen Degeneres And Her New Partner Who You'll Easily Recognize
Suburban Finance
Associated Press
http://ap.org
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Boys Basketball: Delphos St. John’s pulls away from LCC in ‘Holy War’
Blue Jackets beat Blues to win 4th straight game
Boys Basketball Roundup: Lima Senior pulls out win over Mansfield Senior
Boys Basketball: Pandora-Gilboa pulls out Putnam County battle over Ottoville
Girls Basketball: Ottawa-Glandorf knocks off Fort Loramie in battle of unbeatens
Girls Basketball: Fort Jennings wins double OT thriller over P-G
Events
Hotel California - A Salute to the Eagles
16 Jan 25
Lima
Organ by Candlelight
18 Jan 25
Lima
Organ by Candlelight
19 Jan 25
Minster
Jo Dee Messina
24 Jan 25
Findlay
Rock the Dock: Ambrosia, John Fod Coley, Peter Beckett (The Voice of Player)
25 Jan 25
Lima
all events

Powered by:

AIM Media Midwest

© AIM Media Midwest

 


Subscribe to get Unlimited Digital Access

Choose your subscription to The Lima News.

Already a subscriber?  Link your Subscription or Sign In


Subscribe﻿




 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.limaohio.com/sports/2024/09/08/quintana-gets-100th-win-as-mets-blank-reds/ 
 ----- 
