Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Aaron Wiggins Displays Versatility for Thunder in Preseason
The versatile big-guard has displayed his versatility in the preseason, especially against in OKC's victory over Atlanta.
Michael Stamps | Oct 18, 2024
Oct 7, 2024; San Antonio, Texas, USA; Oklahoma City Thunder guard Aaron Wiggins (21) shoots over San Antonio Spurs forward Harrison Barnes (40) during the second half at Frost Bank Center. Mandatory Credit: Scott Wachter-Imagn Images / Scott Wachter-Imagn Images
In this story:
Oklahoma City Thunder

The OKC Thunder fell back on its depth pieces in a win over the Atlanta Hawks, one of which had a balanced performance. Former Maryland guard Aaron Wiggins, a name that's been heavily discussed in OKC's preseason, played solidly.

Wiggins finished OKC's 104-99 victory over Atlanta with only three points on 1-for-5 shooting but impacted the stat sheet elsewhere. He also ended with six rebounds, all defensive, as well as four assists. He grabbed two steals on the defensive side of the ball and only turned it over once.

By no means was this Wiggins' best scoring performance. He finished with 13 points against the Houston Rockets in its preseason game and 10 against the Denver Nuggets in the game prior. The number of points he's scoring a game, however, has not been what's made him stand out.

Wiggins has shown, so far, that he's a willing rebounder, defender and passer. He averaged just around four rebounds per game, the most coming against the Hawks. He stands at 6-foot-6 and for a guard, has excellent size and strength. That makes rebounding a little easier, especially against smaller guards.

The big guard's been able to force plenty of turnovers so far this preseason, but it's evident that he's also a good on-ball defender. His ability to slide his feet and move with guards is impressive and does not make him a liability when his shot is not falling. He recorded two steals in three of his four preseason performances, showing that ability to guard and force turnovers.

He also displayed his ability to move the ball and create for others. He achieved 2.5 assists per game in the preseason, also recording his best mark against the Hawks. The majority of those preseason assists came from swinging the ball around the three-point line, a valuable asset in an NBA offense. Wiggins isn't the type of guard to dribble-drive and kick out on said drive, but he can still rack up assists on the perimeter.

Last year for OKC, he averaged 6.9 points, 2.4 rebounds and 1.1 assists. Playing around 20 minutes a game in four preseason games, he showed that he can do everything for the Thunder. He's going to come off the bench for OKC on a normal basis, but in those minutes, if he continues to impact the game in multiple ways, his role will say solid. Seeing his minutes increase would not be a surprise by any means.

Want to join the discussion? Like Inside the Thunder on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Thunder news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Oct 18, 2024
MICHAEL STAMPS

Michael is a sophomore from Papillion, NE who is currently a student at the University of Missouri studying journalism. He covers the university’s football program at Missouri Tigers on SI and is the co-sports editor for The Maneater, the student publication for the university.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/thunder/news/okc-thunder-aaron-wiggins-displays-versatility-in-preseason 
 ----- 
