Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
NBA Power Rankings: Preseason wraps up; Kawhi Leonard, Paul George deal with injuries
Clemente Almanza, Okc Thunder Wire
Mon, Oct 21, 2024·11 min read
3
Sep 30, 2024; Inglewood, CA, USA; Los Angeles Clippers forward Kawhi Leonard (2) talks with team owner Steve Ballmer during media day at Intuit Dome. Mandatory Credit: Jayne Kamin-Oncea-Imagn Images

It's finally arrived — the 2024-25 NBA regular season is set to tip off this week. After months of roster moves and anticipation, a new nine-month campaign will determine how the top of the league stacks up on the court instead of just paper.

The reigning NBA champion Boston Celtics will have a target on their back. They return the same roster and threaten to repeat as title favorites.

Meanwhile, other teams like the Oklahoma City Thunder and New York Knicks fortified their championship odds with strong offseasons.

Thunder Wire will conduct weekly NBA power rankings every Monday. With preseason officially over, let's rank all 30 teams. Here is the Oct. 14-20 edition:

30. Brooklyn Nets (1-3)
Oct 16, 2024; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Brooklyn Nets guard Cam Thomas (24) jumps for a high pass in front of Philadelphia 76ers guard Kelly Oubre Jr. (9) during the second quarter at Wells Fargo Center. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 30

Even though they're bound to be one of the league's worst teams, the Nets have some interesting players to follow. Ben Simmons has looked good in preseason. He's struggled with injuries before but has been available so far. Cam Thomas could also be a fun watch as he will likely be Brooklyn's leading scorer.

29. Washington Wizards (2-3)
Oct 18, 2024; Washington, District of Columbia, USA; Washington Wizards guard Johnny Davis (1) dribbles the ball to the basket against New York Knicks forward Chuma Okeke (18) during the fourth quarter at Capital One Arena. Mandatory Credit: Reggie Hildred-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 29

The Wizards will be bad but they have some exciting young prospects. Alex Sarr and Bilal Coulibaly are hopeful franchise cornerstones. One player who's running out of time is Johnny Davis though. He's had an inactive first two seasons. His third year in the league will decide if he stays in Washington.

28. Charlotte Hornets (2-3)
Oct 10, 2024; Memphis, Tennessee, USA; Charlotte Hornets forward Tidjane Salaun (31) reacts after a three point basket during the second half against the Memphis Grizzlies at FedExForum. Mandatory Credit: Petre Thomas-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 27

The Hornets are starting fresh. This season will determine how compatible LaMelo Ball and Brandon Miller are as a duo. Tidjane Salaun has impressed in preseason. His outside shot perhaps suggests the 19-year-old could be an immediate help. He landed in the perfect spot at Charlotte with talented guards who could find him shots.

27. Detroit Pistons (3-2)
Oct 13, 2024; San Francisco, California, USA; Detroit Pistons guard Cade Cunningham (2) drives to the net against Golden State Warriors guard Buddy Hield (7) during the third quarter at Chase Center. Mandatory Credit: Neville E. Guard-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 26

It'll be another bad season for the Pistons, but a fresh head coach and GM is hope for the future. The first step in that process will be about Cade Cunningham. After three so-so seasons plagued by injuries, the 23-year-old must leap this season to prove he's a franchise star. If not, he might be a borderline All-Star at best.

26. Chicago Bulls (3-2)
Oct 16, 2024; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Chicago Bulls guard Lonzo Ball (2) brings the ball up court against the Minnesota Timberwolves during the second half at United Center. Mandatory Credit: Kamil Krzaczynski-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 28

The vibes are high in Chicago. Lonzo Ball's return after two seasons was one of the biggest preseason storylines. He hopes to extend his playing career after several knee surgeries. Josh Giddey is in the same boat. He'll play for an extension this upcoming season. The 22-year-old could seek a massive payday as he returns to a ball-handler role.

25. Portland Trail Blazers (3-1)
Oct 18, 2024; Portland, Oregon, USA; Portland Trail Blazers center Donovan Clingan (23) makes a move to the basket during the second half against Utah Jazz forward Drew Eubanks (15) at Moda Center. Mandatory Credit: Troy Wayrynen-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 25

Scoot Henderson and Donovan Clingan had a busy preseason. Both will hope to develop chemistry as pick-and-roll partners this season. But first, both must earn starter spots to accomplish that. Clingan has a tougher trail ahead of him to gain that. Deandre Ayton will start the season as the starter but the 20-year-old can eventually usurp him.

24. Toronto Raptors (3-2)
WASHINGTON, DC - OCTOBER 11: RJ Barrett #9 of the Toronto Raptors looks on from the bench against the Washington Wizards during the first half of a preseason game at Capital One Arena on October 11, 2024 in Washington, DC. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
More

Previous Ranking: 24

All eyes are on RJ Barrett. A shoulder injury sidelined him for most of the preseason. There's a chance he's available by the season opener. Either way, the Raptors will lean on Barrett as one of their top scorers. Toronto continues to be in a weird spot. It's a soft rebuild with some tantalizing pieces headlined by Scottie Barnes.

23. Utah Jazz (4-2)
Oct 7, 2024; Salt Lake City, Utah, USA; Utah Jazz forward Cody Williams (5) dribbles against Houston Rockets center Steven Adams (12) during the second quarter at Delta Center. Mandatory Credit: Rob Gray-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 22

It'll be a fresh start on the Jazz. Lauri Markkanen is a former All-Star, but the rest of Utah's top pieces are young prospects. Keyonte George and Cody Williams will get plenty of playing time this season. The Jazz must avoid being a middling bad team again this year. Instead, they must go all out to collect the best lottery odds.

22. Atlanta Hawks (1-3)
Oct 17, 2024; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA; Atlanta Hawks guard Kobe Bufkin (4) and guard Trae Young (11) high five during a time out against the Oklahoma City Thunder during the second half at Paycom Center. Mandatory Credit: Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 23

Trae Young will be the Hawks' best player, but Zaccharie Risacher will be the most important. His development could change the trajectory of Atlanta, which has been stuck in mediocrity for the last few seasons. Kobe Bufkin also capped off a productive preseason with 31 points. The Hawks have plenty of intriguing pieces.

21. San Antonio Spurs (2-3)
Oct 15, 2024; Miami, Florida, USA; San Antonio Spurs center Victor Wembanyama (1) dribbles the basketball against the Miami Heat during the second quarter at Kaseya Center. Mandatory Credit: Sam Navarro-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 20

The Spurs are a sleeping giant. Victor Wembanyama's inevitable leap to superstardom will put them on the map as a title contender. For now, though, San Antonio is a wildcard candidate to be a playoff contender. If Wembanyama can enter All-NBA territory this season, then that will likely mean the Spurs have taken everybody by surprise.

20. LA Clippers (4-1)
Oct 8, 2024; Oceanside, California, USA; Los Angeles Clippers forward Kawhi Leonard (2) looks on from the bench during a preseason game against the Brooklyn Nets at Frontwave Arena. Mandatory Credit: Jayne Kamin-Oncea-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 19

It's gone from bad to worse on the Clippers. After months of ambiguity, Kawhi Leonard will miss the start of the season for an indefinite period, dealing with a swollen knee. It's a killer blow for LA, who hoped to contend with Leonard and James Harden. Now, they desperately wait for Leonard to hopefully return to save their season.

19. Miami Heat (4-1)
Oct 16, 2024; Miami, Florida, USA; Miami Heat forward Jimmy Butler (22) drives past Atlanta Hawks guard Vit Krejci (27) in the first half at Kaseya Center. Mandatory Credit: Jim Rassol-Imagn Images

Previous Ranking: 21

The Heat must take advantage of this season. It could be Jimmy Butler's last year in Miami. The future Hall-of-Famer has helped them their best seasons since LeBron James' exit. It could be the final rodeo for Butler's time, which has garnered inconsistent results over the years, spanning from the NBA Finals to missing the playoffs.

18. Sacramento Kings (0-5)
Oct 15, 2024; Salt Lake City, Utah, USA; Sacramento Kings guard De'Aaron Fox (5) drives on Utah Jazz guard Jordan Clarkson (00) during the fourth quarter at Delta Center. Mandatory Credit: Rob Gray-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 13

The Kings made the risky decision to bypass a De'Aaron Fox decision. Instead, the former All-Star will wait for a larger deal next offseason. While he might not be a multi-time All-Star, Sacramento has little choice but to pay up. He's one of its best players and can't afford to let him walk in 2026. Fox has all the leverage in this situation.

17. New Orleans Pelicans (1-2)
Oct 13, 2024; Miami, Florida, USA; New Orleans Pelicans forward Zion Williamson (1) drives to the basket against Miami Heat forward Nikola Jovic (5) during the second quarter at Kaseya Center. Mandatory Credit: Sam Navarro-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 18

It's been a stomach-turning start to the Pelicans' new season. Brandon Ingram's contract talks and Trey Murphy III's injury have flattened some of the excitement after a productive campaign last year. Nonetheless, New Orleans will go as far as Zion Williamson will take it. The multi-time All-Star must stay healthy for that to happen.

16. Los Angeles Lakers (2-4)
Oct 17, 2024; Phoenix, Arizona, USA; Los Angeles Lakers guard Bronny James (9) and Los Angeles Lakers guard Dalton Knecht (4) and Los Angeles Lakers guard Jalen Hood-Schifino (0) celebrate after defeating the Phoenix Suns at Footprint Center. Mandatory Credit: Joe Camporeale-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 17

Much controversy surrounded the Lakers' offseason moves by their pair of rookies capped off their preseason with strong outings. Dalton Knecht got hot with 35 points. Bronny James tallied 17 points. Neither will be expected to contribute during the regular season, but their performances are still positive signs nonetheless.

15. Orlando Magic (1-2)
Oct 18, 2024; Orlando, Florida, USA; Orlando Magic guard Jalen Suggs (4) shoots a free throw during the second half against the Philadelphia 76ers at Kia Center. Mandatory Credit: Mike Watters-Imagn Images

Previous Ranking: 14

The Magic hope to build off last year's playoffs. Paolo Banchero and Franz Wagner are franchise cornerstones in Orlando. Another important piece to last season's success was Jalen Suggs. He had a breakout season last year. He's now due for a contract extension. It'll be interesting to see how the Magic handle his next deal.

14. Memphis Grizzlies (3-2)
Oct 18, 2024; Memphis, Tennessee, USA; Memphis Grizzlies guard Ja Morant (12) talks with center Zach Edey (14) during a time-out during the second half against the Miami Heat at FedExForum. Mandatory Credit: Petre Thomas-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 12

One of the more polarizing draft prospects was Zach Edey. He dominated in college but his large and slow frame concerned many how translatable that'd be at the NBA. Through preseason, the rookie big man has shown he can still produce despite the uptick in competition. His chemistry with Ja Morant could unlock a new level.

13. Houston Rockets (3-1)
Oct 17, 2024; Houston, Texas, USA; Houston Rockets center Alperen Sengun (28) drives against San Antonio Spurs forward Sandro Mamukelashvili (54) in the fourth quarter at Toyota Center. Mandatory Credit: Thomas Shea-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 16

It appears some momentum has started on a possible Alperen Sengun extension. He's been the Rockets' best player since their rebuild started. He could ask for the max extension and Houston will likely be obliged to sign him to it. On the other hand, Jalen Green is truly in a now-or-never season. He must be a consistent scorer this year.

12. Golden State Warriors (6-0)
Oct 18, 2024; San Francisco, California, USA; Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry (30) meets with Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James (23) after the game at the Chase Center. Mandatory Credit: Cary Edmondson-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 15

It's only preseason, but the Warriors have looked sharp with their new cast of characters. It appears the decision to choose depth over Klay Thompson has rejuvenated Golden State. No longer dealing with the weighted expectations of title or bust, Stephen Curry could spend the last few years of his prime on a scrappy playoff squad.

11. Cleveland Cavaliers (0-4)
Oct 18, 2024; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Cleveland Cavaliers guard Donovan Mitchell (45) drives to the basket against Chicago Bulls center Adama Sanogo (21) and forward E.J. Liddell (32) during the second half at the United Center. Mandatory Credit: Matt Marton-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 10

The Cavaliers suffered a major blow to their rotation in preseason. Max Strus will be out for at least six weeks with an ankle sprain. It's a survivable absence but will hurt Cleveland's depth. Ultimately, the Cavaliers will go as far as Donovan Mitchell and Evan Mobley carry them. Mitchell's extension gives them some leeway with this core.

10. Indiana Pacers (2-2)
Oct 17, 2024; Indianapolis, Indiana, USA; Indiana Pacers guard T.J. McConnell (9) and guard Tyrese Haliburton (0) cheer in the second half against the Charlotte Hornets at Gainbridge Fieldhouse. Mandatory Credit: Trevor Ruszkowski-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 11

The Pacers will enter the season to prove that last year's Eastern Conference Finals run wasn't a hot streak. Tyrese Haliburton ascended into an All-Star player last season. Pascal Siakam and Myles Turner are one of the league's more underrated frontcourts. Indiana has one of the deepest teams in the league.

9. Milwaukee Bucks (1-3)
Oct 14, 2024; Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA; Milwaukee Bucks forward Giannis Antetokounmpo (34) and guard Damian Lillard (0) look on in the second quarter against the Chicago Bulls at Fiserv Forum. Mandatory Credit: Benny Sieu-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 8

Giannis Antetokounmpo put a little scare in the hearts of Buck fans. He said this is a boom-or-bust year for the Bucks, who have one of the oldest and most expensive rosters. The two-time MVP doubted his long-term future in Milwaukee if it fails to win a championship. That's quite the high bar to put on the Bucks, which could spell doom.

8. Dallas Mavericks (1-3)
Oct 17, 2024; Dallas, Texas, USA; Dallas Mavericks guard Luka Doncic dribbles during a timeout during the first half against the Milwaukee Bucks at American Airlines Center. Mandatory Credit: Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 6

The Mavericks received good news when Luka Doncic returned to practice after two weeks out. He suffered a calf contusion. The 25-year-old is Dallas' supernova. He must stay healthy if the Mavericks want to repeat last season's success. In other news, Klay Thompson was inconsistent during his preseason stint.

7. Phoenix Suns (3-2)
Oct 17, 2024; Phoenix, Arizona, USA; Phoenix Suns forward Ryan Dunn (0) shoots against the Los Angeles Lakers during the first half at Footprint Center. Mandatory Credit: Joe Camporeale-Imagn Images

Previous Ranking: 9

Like the Bucks, the Suns are on a time limit. Kevin Durant is still one of the league's best players but is 36 years old. After a disappointing season last year, Phoenix must collect wins right now. Devin Booker and Bradley Beal should help Durant with that. Ryan Dunn's surprising outside hot shooting could provide surprising depth.

6. Philadelphia 76ers (3-3)
Oct 14, 2024; Atlanta, Georgia, USA; Philadelphia 76ers forward Paul George (8) dribbles against the Atlanta Hawks in the first quarter at State Farm Arena. Mandatory Credit: Brett Davis-Imagn Images

Previous Ranking: 5

After suffering a gruesome-looking injury, the Sixers dodged a bullet with Paul George. A bone bruise tabs multi-time All-Star day to day. A sigh of relief in Philly. It was also reported Joel Embiid won't play in back-to-backs. A tough, but worthy, blow. Health will be the top priority for the Sixers and their star-studded cast.

5. Minnesota Timberwolves (2-3)
Oct 16, 2024; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Minnesota Timberwolves forward Julius Randle (30) is defended by Chicago Bulls center Nikola Vucevic (9) during the first half at United Center. Mandatory Credit: Kamil Krzaczynski-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 7

Now that the shock from the Karl-Anthony Towns trade has worn off, the Timberwolves' decision has netted some positive results in the preseason. Donte DiVincenzo looks like the perfect role-player next to Anthony Edwards. Julius Randle adds serious size. Naz Reid's improvement could also help make up for some of the loss.

4. Denver Nuggets (1-4)
Oct 15, 2024; Denver, Colorado, USA; Denver Nuggets forward Aaron Gordon (32) on the bench in the second half against the Oklahoma City Thunder at Ball Arena. Mandatory Credit: Ron Chenoy-Imagn Images

Previous Ranking: 4

After signing Jamal Murray to an extension, the Nuggets' next goal is to sign Aaron Gordon. He is part of Denver's quartet with Nikola Jokic, Murray and Michael Porter Jr. Gordon helped them win a championship. The Nuggets must re-sign him to maximize their title window with their three-time MVP. Especially after their cost-cut moves.

3. New York Knicks (4-1)
Oct 18, 2024; Washington, District of Columbia, USA; New York Knicks center Karl-Anthony Towns (32) reacts while being defended by Washington Wizards forward Patrick Baldwin Jr. (7) during the second quarter at Capital One Arena. Mandatory Credit: Reggie Hildred-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 3

The preseason allowed Towns to jell with his new teammates. But ultimately, he will need the regular season to do that. New York has one of the league's best starting lineups headlined by Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges. It did lose a key depth piece to start the season though, as Precious Achiuwa suffered a hamstring strain.

2. Oklahoma City Thunder (4-1)
Oct 15, 2024; Denver, Colorado, USA; Denver Nuggets guard Christian Braun (0) drives at Oklahoma City Thunder center Isaiah Hartenstein (55) in the first quarter at Ball Arena. Mandatory Credit: Ron Chenoy-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 2

Speaking of injuries, the Thunder suffered a brutal blow. Isaiah Hartenstein suffered a fractured hand in preseason, which will keep him out for at least the season's first month. After meshing well with the starters, OKC must wait before Hartenstein can contribute when the games start to matter. It's a manageable loss, but still a gut punch.

1. Boston Celtics (4-1)
Oct 13, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Boston Celtics guard Lonnie Walker IV (12) controls the ball while Toronto Raptors guard Davion Mitchell (45) defends during the first half at TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: Bob DeChiara-Imagn Images
More

Previous Ranking: 1

The Celtics picked up right where they left off. The reigning NBA champions dominated the regular season and cruised to a title last season. It's only preseason, but they looked the same in their slate. Expect Boston to be a heavy favorite to repeat as the champions. Boston is so deep, it had to waive Lonnie Walker IV.

This article originally appeared on OKC Thunder Wire: NBA Power Rankings: Preseason wraps up; Kawhi Leonard remains out

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Cavaliers beat Thunder in clash of NBA's top teams

The NBA's best offense beat the NBA's best defense, in a game with 30 lead changes and no double-digit leads.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Victor Wembanyama is ready to take over, but will the league be a willing participant?

There has never been a player like Wembanyama, but is the NBA ready to abandon its tried-and-true playbook and forge a new path to success?

16d ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA Cup championship: Bucks ride dominant defense, second half to lopsided win over Thunder

Milwaukee dominated both sides of the ball to cap a 7-0 run in the NBA Cup.

24d ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA Cup 2024: Here are 3 big questions ahead of the Bucks-Thunder championship game

Let’s set the table for what’s sure to be a thrilling conclusion to the league's in-season tournament.

25d ago
Yahoo Sports
Why the Oklahoma City Thunder are America's Team

Five reasons why the NBA should put every single one of OKC's remaining games on national TV.

25d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Ohio State opens as 9.5-point favorite over Notre Dame in national title game

The Buckeyes and Fighting Irish will meet on Jan. 20 in Atlanta.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

1h ago
Yahoo Sports
Lakers' and Clippers' Saturday games postponed due to Los Angeles wildfires

Both Los Angeles teams have home games scheduled for Monday as well.

3h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Jack Sawyer's fumble return TD cements Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will meet Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

3h ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

3h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

5h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cotton Bowl score, results: Ohio State handles Texas, advances to title game

The title game is set.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
2024 NFL All-Pro team announced, led by Lamar Jackson at QB

The Lions and Ravens led with four players each named first-team All-Pro.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Nick Saban elected to 2025 College Football Hall of Fame class

Saban won seven college football national championships, six of them during a legendary run at Alabama.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
MLB bans Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts in 2024 World Series from all ballparks indefinitely

The two fans who tried to pry a ball out of Betts' glove during the World Series now face arrest if they are seen at an MLB event.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
Inside a creative resource Sean McVay’s Rams could use to decode the Vikings

Los Angeles has a season-long strategy to practice responding to unpredictability, which Brian Flores' Vikings defense will certainly present.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
CFP semifinal reactions: Did Notre Dame get LUCKY? and where it ALL went wrong for Penn State | College Football Power Hour

Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz & Adam Breneman react to this Orange Bowl ‘instant classic’ as Notre Dame defeats Penn State 27-24.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports AM: The Irish fight on

In today's edition: Notre Dame wins Orange Bowl, ranking every Super Bowl matchup, the rise of Cade Cunningham, Australian Open preview, wild Ravens stat, and more.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

14h ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/nba-power-rankings-preseason-wraps-110343959.html 
 ----- 
