Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
BREAKING NEWS
Israel and Hamas reach breakthrough in hostage, cease-fire negotiation talks
MLB
Austin Wells’ two-homer night powers Yankees past Cardinals
By Dan Martin
Published Aug. 30, 2024
Updated Aug. 30, 2024, 11:38 p.m. ET
169

The Yankees have been looking for protection for Aaron Judge and Juan Soto all year and Austin Wells has begun to provide it — especially in Friday’s 6-3 win over the Cardinals, when the rookie catcher delivered the first two-homer game of his young career. 

“I’m having a lot of fun with it,’’ Wells said of the responsibility of hitting behind Judge in the cleanup spot, as he did again Friday. “I’m accepting it and embracing the challenge.” 

Wells came through for the first time in the third inning against right-hander Erick Fedde after the Cardinals pitched to Judge with Soto on second base and one out. 

8
Austin Wells homered twice for the Yankees during their win on Aug. 30.
Robert Sabo for the NY Post

They got away with it, as Judge popped out as part of an 0-for-4, three-strikeout night. 

But after Soto’s RBI double tied the game earlier in the inning, Wells hit a two-run, go-ahead homer in front of a sellout crowd in The Bronx. 

The catcher hit another two-run shot in the eighth, this one with two outs, to help seal the win. 

8
New York Yankees catcher Austin Wells (28) rounds the bases on his two-run home run.
Robert Sabo for NY Post

“Those were two big at-bats,’’ Aaron Boone said. “He continues to be a real presence in the middle of our order.” 

Wells’ power left the Cardinals still looking for their first win at Yankee Stadium since the 1964 World Series. 

And the victory came after the Yankees dropped two of three to the lowly Nationals in Washington. 

8
Juan Soto reacts after hitting an RBI double during the Yankees’ win over the Cardinals on Aug. 30.
Robert Sabo for the NY Post

The Yankees also got another encouraging start from Marcus Stroman, who gave up two runs in seven innings, as he pitched around nine hits, but didn’t allow any walks. 

Stroman and Boone also credited Wells for his work behind the plate, where he’s also impressed. 

But his production on offense has really taken off after a rough first two months of the season.

And he’s got a dozen extra-base hits in his last 30 games. 

“I think you’re seeing the experience and maturity of a good hitter,” Boone said. “That’s who we drafted.” 

Wells was considered a hitting-first catcher coming out of the University of Arizona and now seems to be comfortable in all aspects of the game. 

8
Gleyber Torres attempts to turn a double play during the Yankees’ win against the Cardinals on Aug. 30.
Robert Sabo for the NY Post
8
Marcus Stroman threw seven innings for the Yankees during their win against the Cardinals on Aug. 30.
Robert Sabo for the NY Post

“The last two months, he’s turned a corner,’’ Boone said. 

So did Stroman on Friday after a bumpy first three innings. 

The right-hander allowed four straight two-out singles in the third. 

8
Juan Soto collected two hits for the Yankees during their win on Aug. 30.
Robert Sabo for the NY Post

Brendan Donovan’s run-scoring base hit through the right side of the infield tied the game and Paul Goldschmidt’s single to center gave the Cardinals a 2-1 lead. 

Soto, coming off a miserable 0-for-12 series against his former team in Washington, tied the game again in the third with his second hit of the night. 

His double to center scored Gleyber Torres from first. 

Wells then hit his first homer of the night, a shot to right-center, to make it 4-2.

His second shot, also to right-center, was his 12th of the season.

8
Austin Wells’ big night helped the Yankees to a win.
Robert Sabo for NY Post

Only Gary Sanchez has hit more home runs as a rookie in franchise history, with 20 in 2016. 

Stroman, meanwhile, cruised after the third. 

After needing 61 pitches to get through three innings, the right-hander threw just 37 over the next four in his longest outing since June 22. 

8
Marcus Stroman delivered a strong start for the Yankees.
Robert Sabo for NY Post

In four starts since being given added rest following back-to-back ugly outings, Stroman has gone 3-0 with a 2.35 ERA. 

169

What do you think? Post a comment.

Jake Cousins gave up a two-out solo shot to Nolan Arenado in the eighth to make it a one-run game. 

Tommy Kahnle finished the inning before Clay Holmes picked up the save, as the closer overcame some shaky defense by Anthony Volpe.

FILED UNDER AUSTIN WELLS  MARCUS STROMAN  NEW YORK YANKEES  ST. LOUIS CARDINALS  8/30/24
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/08/30/sports/austin-wells-two-homer-night-powers-yankees-past-cardinals/ 
 ----- 
