Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
WEST
EAST
WATCH ON FLO
ALUMNI
TRYOUTS
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
Facebook
 
Search
 Composite  Search 
Season Standings
Season Leaders
Season Individual Stats
Season Team Stats
Season Scores/Results
Graphic by Julia Lesnicki
Posted: Aug 28, 2024
FORMER FRONTIER LEAGUER RYAN MILLER MAKES MAJOR LEAGUE DEBUT
WRITTEN BY: MIKE GUISTOLISE

LOS ANGELES, CA - Right-handed pitcher Ryan Miller, formerly of the Frontier League's Southern Illinois Miners, made his major league debut with the Los Angeles Angels after having his contract purchased by the major league club on August 27th.

Miller, a graduate of Clemson University, pitched the seventh inning in relief on Tuesday night for the Angels in their series opener against the Detroit Tigers, not allowing a hit and tallying two strikeouts.

Miller spent the 2021 season with the Miners and amassed a 2.89 ERA and 38 strikeouts across 28 innings. He had previously spent two seasons with the Arizona Diamondbacks organization. After his time in the Frontier League, Miller spent the 2022 season with the Sioux Fall Canaries of the American Association before having his contract purchased by the New York Yankees. In 2023, he signed with the Boston Red Sox and was promoted to AA Portland.

Miller signed with the Angels this season and put together his best professional season, boasting a career-low 2.45 ERA in 62.1 innings while striking out 61 in 34 appearances (one start) at AAA. He was promoted to take a spot in the Los Angeles bullpen after left-hander Matt Moore was placed on the 15-day IL and outfielder Mike Trout was moved to the 60-day IL (per ESPN).

Miller is the fifth former Frontier League player to debut in Major League Baseball this season, following left-hander Tyler Jay (New York Mets and Milwaukee Brewers via Joliet), right-hander Chris Roycroft (St. Louis Cardinals via Joliet), right-hander Spencer Bivens (San Francisco Giants via Washington), and right-hander James Meeker (Milwaukee Brewers via Washington).

Share
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
© 2025 Frontier League. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use
Learn about the site developer

We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Privacy Policy & Terms of Service.

I Accept

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.frontierleague.com/sports/bsb/2023-24/releases/20240827y02qun 
 ----- 
