ARTICLES
NOTES
PHOTOS
PROJECTS
TOOLS
BLOGROLL
/SLASHES
kiko.
Memorable (Tech) Stuff
01 JUL 2024
FOOTBALL
Euro 2024 - Portugal vs. Slovenia @ 2024-07-01
The uninteresting round of 16 match
3:0

For none of the Portuguese or Slovenians among the 50K+ spectators in Frankfurt’s Waldstadion, Monday’s game was of course uninteresting. On the contrary. There was a euphoric atmosphere on both sides, but it didn’t really transfer to us. Maybe it was because we had all had a long day before the game finally kicked off at 9pm, or maybe it was because we would have liked to see different teams on the pitch.

As I already wrote in my first Euro 2024 post, I was granted the tickets in the first round of the draw last autumn and due to the group constellation that was determined later, it would have been possible that Croatia (my wife) and Turkey (our friends) would have faced each other in this round of 16. THAT would have been fun … but fate and footballing skill led to the match between Portugal and Slovenia. As the latter is at least one of Croatia’s neighbours, our sympathies were set, but our euphoria was limited.

This time we had thought ahead when travelling to the stadium to avoid a similar departure drama as last time. We travelled by car to Raunheim, which is only three S-Bahn stops away from the stadium, and hoped that Deutsche Bahn would at least manage this comparatively short journey. We’re talking about an evening game with possible extra time and a penalty shoot-out, which could mean having to stand around on platforms half the night. Better to take precautions…

I’ll say it in advance … Both arrival and departure went perfectly this time. It works, DB!

The atmosphere in the stadium was once again fantastic and the Portuguese were slightly outnumbered. You could hear that, especially when the Portuguese football god Cristiano Ronaldo entered the pitch, whose name adorned at least half of the fans’ backs. My eyes searched for banners saying “CR7 make me a child“. I didn’t spot any, but I’m sure one or two women were shouting it at the top of their lungs in Portuguese.

The Game

Yes, Portugal has some real football artists and the best of them were on the pitch. Nevertheless, you could tell from minute 1 that every one of these numpties just wanted to lay a goal on their capo, their master, their messiah. They dribbled through the centre and tried to pass the ball to Ronaldo. They ran along the side and crossed in front of goal where they thought Ronaldo’s head would be. They did everything they could to make sure their master would release them with a goal. The only problem was that the man is now 38 years old and rarely had anything to call on against Slovenia’s stout defence. When he did, he shot the ball over or headed sideways past the goal.

For their part, the Slovenian team seemed to consist of 10 strong centre-backs and were consequently about as dangerous in attack as a fawn. One of these morons, number 19, ran into the goalkeeper all alone during a quick counter-attack in the second half and … shot the ball straight into his arms. Even the Portuguese fans groaned. How daft you have to be!

While some fought and defended with knives between their teeth and others dribbled and dropped to the ground every time they were jostled to get a free-kick, which Ronaldo only managed to send skywards again, time passed and the referee at some point ended the goalless spectacle and sent the boys into extra time.

In the 105th minute, the Portuguese got what they wanted all along: a penalty! CR7 against the internationally experienced goalkeeper Jan Oblak, of course! And … the champion failed and burst into tears! No, really! On the big video cube, Ronaldo’s disciples could be seen comforting him as tears streamed down his cheeks … *facepalm*

After 120 minutes it was really over. Penalty shoot-out. I had hoped for it, because it was a premiere for me live in the stadium. It promised excitement!
Unfortunately, it was gone again after a few minutes because the first three Slovenians didn’t manage to get the ball into the goal, but the Portuguese did … even Ronaldo. Game over, Portugal win. Hmmpf…

Conclusion

It was an experience to be live at a European Championship, even if I have to say that the two games I had to endure were not worth the money. But the whole experience was fantastic. Now I wish our German team all the best on Friday against the strong Spanish team … so that we can become European champions!

More football can be found here at the start of the 3rd Bundesliga season with SV Wehen Wiesbaden on the first weekend in August. The season ticket has been bought …

Euro2024
Share on Mastodon
SYNDICATION
Mastodon

You can interact with this article (applause, criticism, whatever) by mention it in one of your posts and sending a Webmention or by replying to one of its syndications above, most of which are displayed here as an interaction.

In case your blog software can't send Webmentions, you can use this form or send it manually via webmention.app or Telegraph:

INTERACTIONS
No interactions yet

0 interactions collected by Mentions United via 1 unique provider and 1 request in 0.23 seconds

RELATED
21 Jun 2024
Football
Euro 2024 - Denmark vs. England @ 2024-06-20
The European Championship at Home
Euro2024
19 Aug 2023
Football
SV WEHEN WIESBADEN
My Hometown, My Club
How I became a football fan over 50
2. Bundesliga
SVWW
29 Oct 2023
Football
SGE vs. HJK @ 2023-10-26
Europa Conference League: Eintracht Frankfurt against HJK Helsinki
Eintracht
NEWER
Read You - Feed Reader for Android
OLDER
Wet Summer Solstice
Me on GitHub
Me on dev.to
Me on LinkedIn
Me on Xing
Me on 500px
Me on Flickr
Me on Unsplash
Me on Pixelfed
Me on Lemmy
Me on Mastodon
KRISTOF ZERBE

Developer & Team Lead
located in Wiesbaden,
Germany

RECENTLY
App Defaults 2024
Hout Bay United Football Community
jsrepo - Build your own tool registry

More articles and notes ...

SearchConsole
Webmention Analytics
© 2019-2024  Kristof Zerbe ● Powered by Hexo & GitHub
/Feeds ● #Contact ● /Impressum ● /... more
Page loaded in 1.92 at 772 x 388 ● Meta
Turn left in the Webring
 IndieWeb Webring 🕸💍 
Turn randomly in the Webring
 
Turn right in the Webring
Turn left in the Webring
 CSS JOY Webring 
Turn randomly in the Webring
 
Turn right in the Webring
 indieblog.page 
Turn randomly in the Webring
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kiko.io/post/Euro-2024-Portugal-vs-Slovenia-2024-07-01/ 
 ----- 
