Please keep in mind that this site is using cookies. Read below the types of cookies we collect. Cookies policy
Preferences Accept all cookies
PORTUGAL VS SLOVENIA PREVIEW, LINEUPS AND PREDICTIONS (EURO 2024 ROUND OF 16)
NewsUEFA EUROEURO 2024Portugal vs Slovenia
28 June 2024
0
Portugal vs Slovenia EURO2024
Prediction	
	

Portugal to Win	1.38	1.41
Portugal -1,5 Asian Handicap	2.23	2.16

*Odds are subject to change

Euro 2024 continues on Monday with Portugal playing Slovenia in a top-of-the-bill tussle in a game you can follow live on television and the best live-streaming apps. The Portuguese were one of the pre-competition favourites to win the trophy and send Cristiano Ronaldo into retirement on a high. Still, they failed to impress in their last group game, and fans know they must improve now they’ve reached the knockout stages.

Slovenia is the underdogs ahead of Monday’s game, and they’ll wear that tag with pride. Slovenia has shown in the past that they are good enough to turn the tables on big-name opponents, and they’ll have their eyes firmly fixed on progressing to the quarter-finals and keeping their Euro 2024 dreams alive. Do they have the skills to eliminate Portugal? Keep reading for our preview and predictions ahead of Monday’s blockbuster.

Location: Frankfurt
Stadium: Waldstadion
Date: 01 June 2024
Kick-Off Time: 21:00 CEST (20:00 BST)
Referee: Daniele Orsato
VAR: Massimiliano Irrati
Portugal Team News
Source: BTA

Portugal finished on top of Group F with their stats for the campaign showing two wins and a defeat, with five goals scored and three conceded. They progressed thanks to early good work but appeared to take their foot off the gas when over the line, losing 2-0 to Georgia in their third and final outing. Was that a sign of things to come, or did Portugal simply take its eye off the ball when the job was done? Only time will tell.

Cristiano Ronaldo was expected to shine in this competition, helping drive his team to Euro 2024 success before walking off into the sunset. CR7 certainly has the skills to achieve his dream, but he’s looked off the pace, lacking match sharpness and nowhere near his best. Critics suggest time spent in the cash-rich Saudi League has robbed Ronaldo of his accuracy and determination to win. The great man must return to his best if Portugal is to live up to expectations.

Slovenia Team News
Source: BTA

Slovenia progressed to the later rounds of Euro 2024 despite finishing third in Group C behind England and Denmark. Stats of three draws from three games awarded them three points, which was two fewer than pool winners England and the same as runners-up Denmark. It was a decent effort, but Slovenia knows they face a much sterner test now the competition has moved from a round-robin format to straight knockout.

We last saw Slovenia in action when they battled to a goalless draw against England on Tuesday evening. It was a game most pundits expected the Three Lions to win, but Slovenia had other ideas. They were organized, fit, sharp, and willing to do the ugly work defensively. They rarely looked like winning the game, but Slovenia were good enough to ensure they didn’t lose it and remained in the competition. Can they do the same again?

Portugal vs Slovenia H2H Record and Key Numbers

The head-to-head stats attached to this game show Portugal and Slovenia have met only once before in competitive action, and it produced a 2-0 win for Slovenia in a friendly match earlier this year.

Goals from Cerin on 72 and Elsnik on 80 minutes saw the winning side stage a late smash and grab on the victory, and fans would love to see something similar in this renewal. Will Monday’s game provide a repeat or revenge? Armchair fans can’t wait to find out.

Possible Lineups
Portugal (3-4-2-1): Costa – Cancelo, Pepe, Dias – Mendes, Palhinha, Vitinha, Fernandes – Leao, Bernardo – Ronaldo
Slovenia (4-4-2): Oblak – Janza, Bijol, Drkusic, Karnicnik – Mlakar, Elsnik, Gnezda, Stajanovic – Sesko, Sporar
Where to Watch Portugal vs Slovenia Euro 2024 – TV and Online Live Streaming

You can follow this game live on television on channel RTP Portugal and on BBC in the United Kingdom or the BBC iPlayer when using your Android or iOS device. For fans in Slovenia, the game will be broadcast on RTV Slovenija.

Match Prediction

Slovenia has already proven that they have no pushovers or easy touch at this level, but they must improve considerably if they are to beat Portugal. I am happy to give Portugal the benefit of the doubt and ignore that loss and performance against Georgia last time. They had already qualified, and I know they’re capable of doing much better. Back Portugal to win, or try your luck with Portugal’s -1 goal on the handicap.

More Portugal vs Slovenia match predictions from tipsters can be found here.

EURO 2024
News
UEFA EURO
Author
Frank Monkhouse
Frank is an experienced author in the online betting industry with a lot of knowledge of bookmakers, features and sports. He is responsible for many of the reviews on our website.
COMMENT

No comments added yet. Be the first!

LATEST NEWS
Best Esports Events In 2025 You Can Bet On
Mbogo Enock asks: How do I post my Tips here?
The Biggest Sports Controversies in 2024 – You’ll Be Shocked By Number 3
Betting on Women’s Sports – Opportunities, Trends & Predictions for 2025
Best asks: “How do I get sure two odd”
EURO 2024
EURO 2024 Tournament Recap – Stats, Most Impressive Players & More
Spain vs England Match Preview: Lineups, News & Prediction (EURO2024 FINAL)
Netherlands vs England (EURO 2024): Preview, Lineups & Predictions (Semi-final)
Spain vs France EURO 2024 Prediction & Preview (Semi-final)
Netherlands vs Türkiye Match Prediction & Preview (EURO 2024 1/4 finals)
EN
Your Place for Betting Reviews,
Bonuses and Predictions Since 2013
 439
Bookmakers
 954
Casinos
 3338
Bonuses
 248
Guide Articles
 28
Certified Experts
 22853
Satisfied Users
Content
Bonuses
Best UK Betting Sites
Casinos
Comparison
Tips
Mobile Betting
eSports
Betting Guides
Useful
News
FAQ
Contacts
About Us
Write for Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy policy
Sitemap
As featured on
Socials Networks
 
 
 
 
E-mail
support@nostrabet.com
18+
©2013 - 2024 Nostrabet.com - All rights reserved. This site is not suitable for people under 18!
18+ Please, play responsibly!
Like
Love
Haha
Wow
Sad
Angry
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nostrabet.com/en/news/portugal-slovenia-euro2024-match-preview/ 
 ----- 
