MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
UEFA EURO
Remembering Euro 2016: How Ronaldo's only major trophy nearly didn't happen
Updated Jun. 28, 2024 10:42 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Martin Rogers
FOX SPORTS INSIDER

"No one believed in us," Cristiano Ronaldo said eight summers ago, trying to fight back tears, and ultimately losing the battle. "No one believed in Portugal."

History only shows that Portugal won the European Championship in 2016, and that it remains, at least for the next two weeks and possibly forever, the only major international trophy won by Ronaldo.

ROUND OF 16 POR WIN PENS 3-0
Portugal
0
FINAL - PK
0
Slovenia
DRAW +400 UNDER 2.5

But as the 39-year-old superstar tries to do it again and prepares for his team's Euro 2024 Round of 16 clash with Slovenia on Monday (3 p.m. ET on FOX), it is worth remembering how that triumph came about, a remarkable campaign built on the back of a catalog of catastrophes, farcical moments, near failure and gloomy form.

ADVERTISEMENT

And for most of which, as Ronaldo accurately pointed out in the moments following the side's 1-0 victory over France in the final, no one believed in them.

Why would they have?

It wasn't like this team, where Ronaldo is surrounded by a star-studded crew, to the point where despite averaging a goal per game for Al-Nassr in Saudi Arabia, there are some who wonder if he should be coming off the bench. Even Wednesday's defeat to underdog Georgia wasn't particularly concerning, as it came with most starters rested after the team booked its spot in the bracket with a game to spare.

In 2016, in truth, the skeptics had every right to expect Portugal's campaign to end at any moment, so frequent were the issues that continued to arise.

Where to start? How about when Ronaldo disliked a reporter's line of questioning so much that he threw their microphone into a lake?

20% Off Roadie® 24 Hard Cooler
Snag one now while supplies last.
YETI Coolers|Sponsored
Tom Brady picks his Super Bowl favorite a few weeks before NFL playoffs start
Tom Brady knows most of all how the postseason differs from the regular season —and who is built to win.
Visit Oregon with our Local Guides
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert...
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Pete Carroll reportedly eyeing return to coaching, targeting Bears
Former Super Bowl champion Pete Carroll is looking to return to coaching in 2025 and is reportedly eyeing the Bears' vacancy.
'No class, no balls': NBA coaches react to Kings firing 2-time coach of the year Mike Brown
Not even two years ago, Rick Carlisle publicly lauded Mike Brown for the job he did on the way to winning the NBA’s coach of the year award.

In the first game of the 2016 group stage, he didn't like how defensive Iceland was against Portugal and went on a silly rant, describing the opposition's mentality as "small" and predicting they "wouldn't get anywhere." With a population of 330,000, Iceland was indeed the smallest nation ever to reach a major tournament. Days later, the tiny Scandinavian nation beat England to reach the quarterfinals.

🎥 Cristiano Ronaldo: Top moments vs. Georgia

Ronaldo didn't like how he missed a penalty against Austria in a second-straight tie, and he didn't like how Portugal went behind three times against Hungary in the third group game, though his mood presumably improved when he thankfully found his shooting touch for a pair of equalizing goals.

That tournament was the first Euros in which the field had been expanded to 24, meaning third-place teams could now advance, and Portugal took full advantage of the change.

It was a wild ride to the title, under head coach Fernando Santos, and it was a mightily worthy — some would say necessary — endorsement to Ronaldo's glittering career résumé.

But Portugal was not, in pure terms, the best team at Euro 2016, and a remarkable stat is that it won only one of its seven games in regulation, beating Wales 2-0 in the semifinal.

Three draws and finishing third in the group actually afforded Portugal a much kinder side of the bracket, with Spain, England, Germany, France and Italy all collected in the opposite half. Even then, a 117th minute extra-time winner from Ricardo Quaresma was needed to get by Croatia, then a comeback and a penalty shootout to survive Poland in the quarters.

Cristiano Ronaldo's ever-lasting legacy for Portugal

The mishaps weren't entirely finished. Ronaldo collided with Dimitri Payet nine minutes into the final, sprained his ACL, and came off soon after, cheering, coaching and fretting on the sidelines until the final whistle blew. Portugal substitute Eder came on to strike the winner in extra-time.

Did any of the missed steps matter when it came time for the celebrations to begin? Not one bit.

"Very happy, very happy," Ronaldo told reporters. "It was something I tried for so many times since 2004, praying that I would get one more opportunity. The Portuguese people needed it and the players needed it. 

"It is one of the happiest moments of my career. I won so many things with my club, individually. I always said that I wanted to win a championship with the Portugal team, to make history, And I won."

Fast-forward to the present and Portugal looks buoyant, even with a little concern from fans at the way the team, even with several changes made for rest and recuperation, fell tamely against Georgia. 

Is Cristiano Ronaldo limiting Portugal's potential?

Head coach Roberto Martinez believes the setback will actually serve to motivate Ronaldo and his colleagues. He also thinks that a recent friendly defeat to Slovenia will guard against any shred of complacency.

"This is not a friendly, it's the knockout stage and it is very important for us," Martinez said, in a press conference. "Losing (against Georgia) will prepare our team better from a mental standpoint."

Using adversity to spark a dramatic run through the bracket? Why not? It happened once before.

Martin Rogers is a columnist for FOX Sports. Follow him on Twitter @MRogersFOX and subscribe to the daily newsletter.

SHARE
Get more from UEFA Euro
Follow your favorites to get information about games, news and more
FOLLOW
IN THIS TOPIC
UEFA Euro
Portugal
Cristiano Ronaldo
EURO - Portugal vs. Slovenia - 07/01/2024
Martin Rogers
	SPONSORED CONTENT
Seniors With Numb Feet Are Calling This Trick Genius!
Try This 10 Minute Trick Tonight!
Norlie
|
Sponsored
Learn More
The Most Brilliant Way To Get Out Of Heavy Debt
Americans are using this new method to clean up their debt
First Advantage
|
Sponsored
Learn More
I Gave My Wife an Eternal Rose
Sherum
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Experience Oregon with Our Local Guides
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Walk-in Bathtubs May Be the Newest Trend in Modern Bathrooms (Take a Look)
Newest Walk-In Tub
|
Sponsored
Cardiologists: Do This at Night and Watch Your Tummy Flatten
Lipo gummies
|
Sponsored
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple...
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds and...
Arthrozene
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Here’s How to Save Money on Psoriatic Arthritis Prescriptions...
GoodRx
|
Sponsored
Explore iPhone 16 Provider Promotions - Find Trade-In Offers, Rebates, & More
Searchthese | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Empty Cruises Departing From Nevada That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Top Searcher Now
|
Sponsored
Learn More
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
2024 NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2024 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2024 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/stories/soccer/remembering-euro-2016-how-ronaldo-only-major-trophy-nearly-didnt-happen 
 ----- 
