Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
NBA
New York Knicks
Brooklyn Nets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
LIVE
Death toll in raging LA wildfires continues to rise as blaze tears through city
NBA
Nets’ Noah Clowney showing promising development with 3-point shot
By Bridget Reilly
Published Jan. 9, 2025, 6:17 p.m. ET

Prior to tipoff on Wednesday, Nets coach Jordi Fernandez hoped his mere eight available players would make the minutes “meaningful” as some of them would likely not have the opportunity otherwise. 

While Noah Clowney had already solidified himself early in the rotation and recently in a starting role following the trade of Dorian Finney-Smith, he did exactly that in bringing to light an improved aspect of his game, with a career-high 29 points in the Nets’ 113-98 loss to the Pistons at Barclays Center. 

Clowney went 5-for-11 from beyond the arc, making it the second-most 3s he has made in a single game this season behind a 6-for-9 night against the Bucks on Dec. 26. 

3
Noah Clowney shoots during the Nets-Pistons game on Jan. 8, 2025.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

“What I like to call it is I like to keep teams honest. I don’t like where teams have the ability to sag off of me because I’m a weak shooter,” Clowney said afterward. “I feel like that hurts my team in general. So if I’m able to shoot the ball and I can keep somebody honest and keep the floor spaced for my guys to get in the lane, then that’s always been the goal. So after Bama, I think I shot 29 percent at Alabama, something like that, but I knew I could shoot. I think other people knew I could shoot. Somebody took a chance, and here we are.” 

The second-year forward has grown more confident from deep recently. 

In his lone season at Alabama in 2022-23, Clowney shot 28.3 percent from 3-point range, attempting just 3.3 per game. 

This season, his attempts per game (5.3) have skyrocketed compared to his rookie year (1.4).

Additionally, his percentage from beyond the arc has jumped from 36.4 to 38.5. 

“I think anytime you have a good performance it’s good for your confidence because obviously you know what you can do, but when you do it at the highest level in the real games where it matters, it translated,” Clowney said. “So, yeah, it’s a good feeling. It helps confidence, for sure.” 

3
Noah Clowney looks to shoot during the Nets-Pistons game on Jan. 8, 2025.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

Said Fernandez: “He’s showing us what he’s able to do. He’s showing us coaches, he’s showing his teammates. What it makes is when we have our group back, then I’m completely comfortable calling certain things for him because I’ve seen him do it and he’s showing me that he can do it so it’s just making our group better. … Now, I know I can call A, B and C for Noah because I’ve seen him score 29. He’s able to score 29 right now, tomorrow and a month from now. So, that’s a really good thing.” 

Clowney was given space from the Pistons on his first couple of swishes. 

However, as the game progressed, they closed in on him and started running if he had an open shot. 

CHECK OUT THE LATEST NBA STANDINGS AND NETS STATS

“We know they want to get guys off the line and they can play us off the arc and might be ready for a shot fake or whatever the case may be,” Clowney said. “Really just read and react. If someone is running at you full speed, they probably going to block that shot if you shoot it.” 

This season, Clowney, 20, is averaging 21.3 minutes per game, but since the middle of December when the Nets made two big trades for future draft picks, he has averaged 29 minutes in the past 10 games. 

With the added time, he is scoring 12.9 points in those games while shooting 42 percent from the field and 40 percent from deep. 

3
Noah Clowney shoots during the Nets-Pistons game on Jan. 8, 2025.
JASON SZENES FOR THE NEW YORK POST

What do you think? Be the first to comment.

In his starting role, Clowney is showing early-career maturity.

The Nets will be in need of that in a rebuilding year and especially ahead of their six-game, 10-day West Coast trip that starts Friday in Denver. 

“I love his personality. Great sense of humor. His work ethic for a 20-year-old kid is amazing,” Fernandez said of Clowney. “He carries himself as a grown person. A mature worker. You can see a lot of times the frustration because he wants more and he expects more of himself.”

FILED UNDER BROOKLYN NETS  1/9/25
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Lady Melissa Trafalet's Insanely Lavish Life Is Like A Fairytale
TheList.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Trump Finally Spills The Tea On His Viral Moment With Obama
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
Tragic Details About Fox News Anchor Harris Faulkner
NickiSwift.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Taylor Swift PR Breakup Plan Leak 'Blindsided' Travis Kelce
Thenerdstash.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2025/01/09/sports/nets-noah-clowney-showing-promising-development-with-3-point-shot/ 
 ----- 
