MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Malik Beasley scores 23 and Pistons win 5th straight, 113-98 over Nets
Updated Jan. 8, 2025 10:01 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

NEW YORK (AP) — Malik Beasley scored 23 points, Cade Cunningham had 13 points, five assists and five rebounds, and the Detroit Pistons won their fifth straight game, 113-98 over the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday night.

Detroit’s bench outscored Brooklyn’s 50-20, led by reserves Simone Fontecchio with 17 points and Marcus Sasser, who added 15 points. Detroit has won eight of its last nine games to climb above .500 at 19-18.

Noah Clowney finished with a game-high 29 points, and Tyrese Martin scored 12 points and had 10 rebounds for the Nets, who dropped their third straight overall and seventh in a row at Barclays Center.

Takeaways
ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Detroit: Cunningham leads Detroit in scoring (24.4 points per game) and assists per game (9.5) yet had down nights in both categories.

His teammates picked up the slack, especially Fontecchio, Sasser and Tim Hardaway Jr. (10 points), who helped the Pistons shoot 52.3% from the field and outscore the Nets 38-13 on the fast break.

Brooklyn: The Nets were missing six rotation players, including their top three scorers in Cam Johnson, Cam Thomas and D’Angelo Russell, and second- and third-leading rebounders in Day’Ron Sharpe and Ben Simmons.

As a result, Brooklyn shot just 38.4% from the field and was outscored 54-36 in the paint.

Key moment
Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
2024 NFL Wild Card picks, predictions: Back Russell Wilson Under passing yards
Geoff Schwartz is back with his best bets for Wild Card Weekend. Find out why he's backing the Bucs to cover the first half and how he's wagering on Russell...
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.

Trailing by 13, midway through the third quarter, Brooklyn went on a 7-0 run that cut Detroit's lead to 70-64 with 5:37 left. The Pistons responded with a 6-0 spurt that ballooned to a 21-4 run.

Fontecchio had eight points in the run, including two 3-pointers, helping Detroit build a 91-68 lead.

Key stat

Detroit is above .500 through 37 games for the first time since 2017-18 when it was 20-17.

Up next

Detroit: Hosts Golden State on Thursday night.

Brooklyn: At Denver on Friday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 NBA Mock Draft 1.0: Debate at the top with Cooper Flagg and Dylan Harper
'I was not prepared for what I saw': Lakers coach JJ Redick details devastation from Palisades Fire
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Brooklyn Nets
Detroit Pistons
Malik Beasley
National Basketball Association
Ben Simmons
Day'Ron Sharpe
D'Angelo Russell
Cam Thomas
Tim Hardaway Jr.
Tyrese Martin
Marcus Sasser
Cade Cunningham
Malik Beasley
Brooklyn Nets
Detroit Pistons
NBA - Detroit Pistons vs. Brooklyn Nets - 01/09/2025
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/malik-beasley-scores-23-and-pistons-win-5th-straight-11398-over-nets 
 ----- 
