Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Notre Dame's late FG lifts Irish to CFP final
Raiders fire GM
5 days, 8 games: Playoff football is here
Keys for wild-card games
Los Angeles wildfires: Sports impact
Warriors' Steve Kerr doesn't envision a big minutes restriction for Steph Curry vs Boston
Adam Taylor, Warriors Wire
Tue, Nov 5, 2024·2 min read
1
Mar 3, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Boston Celtics forward Jayson Tatum (0) controls the ball while Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry (30) defends during the first half at TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: Bob DeChiara-USA TODAY Sports
More

Steph Curry returned to the Golden State Warriors rotation during their win over the Washington Wizards on Monday, Nov. 4. He was kept to a strict minutes restriction, playing just 24 minutes. Despite his restriction, Curry led the Warriors scoring charts with 24 points, 6 assists and 3 rebounds on 7-of-15 shooting from the field.

When addressing the media as part of his post-game news conference, Steve Kerr noted that as long as Curry's ankle responds well on Tuesday, he is unlikely to have a minutes restriction when the Warriors face the Boston Celtics on Wednesday, Nov. 6.

"Probably depends on how he comes out tomorrow," Kerr said. "There were no problems at all tonight. He got through everything well. Assuming he feels good tomorrow, I don't anticipate a big minutes restriction or anything like that for Boston."

The Warriors will undoubtedly want a full-strength rotation when facing the Celtics. Joe Mazzulla's team are the reigning NBA champions and have started the season off strong. The contest will be a good barometer for the Warriors to see how much they've improved to begin this season and where they need to continue working and developing.

Wednesday's game will also have some extra spice, as it's the first time Jayson Tatum will be facing Steve Kerr since their time together with Team USA, where Kerr made the controversial decision to bench him for both games against Serbia. Still, as long as Curry is in the rotation, the Warriors will have a chance at securing a win against arguably the best team in the league right now.

This post originally appeared on Warriors Wire! Follow us on Facebook and Twitter!

This article originally appeared on Warriors Wire: Steve Kerr doesn't expect big Steph Curry minutes restriction v Boston

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Believe it or not: The Cavaliers are one of the most dominant teams we've ever seen

Can Cleveland win it all this year?

7d ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA on Christmas Day live results, updates, highlights, analysis: Lakers win wild one to turn back furious Steph Curry rally

The NBA's annual Christmas Day slate is a holiday in itself, and many still view it as the unofficial start of the season.

16d ago
Yahoo Sports
Despite Steve Kerr's objections, NBA says foul call in final seconds of Warriors' loss to Rockets was correct

Kerr said after the game that an "elementary school referee" wouldn't have called the loose ball foul.

a month ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal

Mitch Jeter hit a 41-yard kick with seven seconds to go.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
After another heartbreaking loss, will James Franklin and Penn State ever get over the hump?

Notre Dame is playing for a national title for the first time in 12 seasons, and Penn State has come up short yet again in a big-time matchup.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
Tony Meola & Keith Costigan chat MLS & Milan, Dax McCarty talks beating Lionel Messi & a manager firing spree!

Christian and Alexis bring on USMNT legend Tony Meola and Apple TV Keith Costigan to chat the state of MLS ahead of the 2025 season. Then, Christian and Alexis have 19 season MLS veteran Dax McCarty join the show to look back at a decorated career that includes beating Messi. Later, Christian and Alexis eact to news in Europe including West Ham sacking head coach Julen Lopetegui as well as Tottenham and Newcastle taking the lead in their Carabao Cup semifinal ties.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Notre Dame rallies to beat Penn State on last-minute field goal, advances to CFP national championship

Penn State threw an interception in the final minute to set up Notre Dame's winning kick.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame QB Riley Leonard briefly leaves Orange Bowl win in second quarter

The back of Leonard's head appeared to hit the turf after he was hit.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles fires: NFL moves Vikings-Rams wild-card game to Arizona

Fans can start buying tickets for Vikings-Rams on Friday.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
What's next for the Padres, one of this winter's quietest teams?

An ownership struggle and financial limbo leave San Diego without a clear path forward in 2025.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Wild-card weekend preview: Players and prop bets to watch | Yahoo Fantasy Forecast

It's wild-card weekend in the NFL and there's so many juicy matchups to sink our teeth in. Matt Harmon and Scott Pianowski preview each of the six games to determine the players and, most importantly, the prop bets you need to keep an eye on. To end the show, Harmon and Pianowski "Prop it up" with their four favorite prop bets of the weekend.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Four Verts, wild-card edition: Is this finally the year for a Ravens run? Plus the Packers are one heck of a 7 seed

Baltimore has become a well-oiled machine on both sides of the ball, Green Bay has a legit shot to upset the Eagles on the road, and why Vikings-Rams might be the coolest matchup of the weekend.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Raiders fire general manager Tom Telesco, 2 days after firing coach Antonio Pierce

That's a clean sweep for the Raiders at the top, which might help them land a head coach who either wants personnel power or can come in with a general manager he has worked with before.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ravens WR Zay Flowers ruled out of wild-card game vs. Steelers with knee injury

Flowers injured his knee during Baltimore's Week 18 win over Cleveland.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck entering NCAA transfer portal: Report

Beck previously declared for the 2025 NFL Draft, but will play one more college season.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Who will win the NBA's post-LeBron/Steph audition? (Hint: It's over. It's Wemby.)

Cavs vs. Thunder. Wemby vs. Giannis. The future of the league is in good hands.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Cade Cunningham has taken on the challenge of being Detroit's franchise player: 'I would love to have my own chapter'

The Pistons are making noise in the East again, with their star point guard leading the way.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports AM: 5 days of football

In today's edition: Football heaven, Cavs beat Thunder, the best remaining MLB free agents, the NFL's cellar dwellers stunk it up, D-II basketball genius, and more.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
About Last Night: Fantasy basketball stars deliver as Cavaliers top Thunder in matchup of NBA's top teams

Wednesday's NBA slate provided a blend of history and standout fantasy performances. Dan Titus has the top takeaways from the slate.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Thunder vs. Cavaliers: Key takeaways from Cleveland's impressive victory

Some key observations and analysis on two teams that could be around in June.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/warriors-steve-kerr-doesnt-envision-200024343.html 
 ----- 
