Golden State Warriors News
Home
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Golden State Warriors guard Buddy Hield (7) goes to the basket against the Utah Jazz during the second quarter at Delta Center. Mandatory Credit: Rob Gray-Imagn Images Rob Gray-Imagn Images
Buddy Hield Makes NBA History in Golden State Warriors vs Houston Rockets
Originally posted on Golden State Warriors on SI
By Farbod Esnaashari  |  Last updated Nov 2, 2024 11:05 PM ET

Throughout this early season, Buddy Hield has been nothing short of spectacular for the Golden State Warriors. It's only been six games, but Hield has made history for the team numerous times, including tonight against the Houston Rockets.

On Saturday night against the Rockets, Buddy Hield moved up to the 20th on the NBA's all-time three-pointers list.

Buddy Hield surpassed none other than the Lakers head coach JJ Redick for position of the 20th spot. The next three names ahead of Hield are Joe Johnson, Dirk Nowitzki, and Jason Kidd. It's very likely that Buddy Hield gets as high as the 17th spot within a few short weeks.

Against the Houston Rockets tonight, Hield put up 27 points, 7 rebounds, and 2 assists on 64/60/75 shooting from the field. Hield did it all in 32 minutes off of the bench and made 6/10 three-point attempts.

Even without Steph Curry, the Golden State Warriors have figured out a way to win three straight games against quality opponents; they've defeated the New Orleans Pelicans twice and also the Houston Rockets once.

The Golden State Warriors finished Saturday night with a surprising record of 5-1, which is good for the second seed in the Western Conference. If the LA Clippers can figure out a way to defeat the Oklahoma City Thunder tonight, then Golden State will be tied for the first seed.

The Warriors will be facing the Washington Wizards next on Monday night.

This article first appeared on Golden State Warriors on SI and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player
76ers reveal bad injury news for rookie guard Jared McCain
The '2024 NBA All-Stars' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NBA
76ers cut son of Cavaliers legend
NBA
Former first-round pick makes case for NBA return with strong G…
NBA
Jason Kidd Responds After Klay Thompson's Worst Game Of The…
NBA
Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player

The Golden State Warriors have been desperate to get Stephen Curry some offensive help. Thursday, they got it from an unlikely source. Little-used Gui Santos tied a career-high with 13 points as the Warriors beat the Detroit Pistons, 107-104. He shot 4-for-6 for the game, all from three-point range, while collecting five rebounds and two steals. Santos was drafted with the No. 55 pick in the 2022 NBA Draft, from the Brazilian team Minas. He made the G League's Next Up game in his first season, then signed an NBA contract with in November 2023. Santos hasn't seen the court much this season for the Warriors. His season-high in minutes this season was 12, which happened only because of a blowout loss on Sunday. Thursday night he played 26 minutes, during which the Warriors outscored the Pistons by seven points. His opportunity came on a night where the Warriors were missing multiple players (Andrew Wiggins, Jonathan Kuminga, Brandin Podziemski), but his hustle and his newfound three-point stroke might force coach Steve Kerr to get Santos more minutes. Santos is still just 22 years old. If this growth as a player is real, the Warriors might find their midseason addition could be already on their roster. On a night where Curry went 2-for-14 from deep, the young Brazilian was the surprise sharpshooter they needed.

NBA
NBA Rumors: Suns, Jusuf Nurkic, Lakers, Austin Reaves, Bucks
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
MLB
Mets meet with prized free agent relief pitcher
NBA
The NBA brothers making their mark on opposing teams in Los…
NBA
Denver Nuggets Reportedly Have Trade Interest In 8-Year NBA…
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys React to Cooper Rush's Parting Message After…
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
Which singers have the greatest voices in music history?
NFL
Report reveals why Raiders fired GM Tom…
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…
Boxing
Liam Cameron vs Ben Whittaker 2: Queensberry Fire…

Ben Shalom appeared in an interview with October Red revealing their offer to Queensberry Promotions to make Ben Whittaker Liam Cameron 2 has been rejected and seemed to suggest that the responsibility lies with Cameron’s promoters if the fight doesn’t happen. Via a social media post, Queensberry have hit back explaining their side of the negotiations. Queensberry Counters Boxxer’s Offer for Ben Whittaker Liam Cameron Rematch Queensberry Talks Ben Whittaker Liam Cameron 2 The press release from Queensberry read as follows: We can confirm we received an offer from Ben Shalom for Liam Cameron to fight Ben Whittaker. The offer was countered as we felt we could pay Liam more for the fight and it included options for Boxxer on Liam should he win. We responded in writing with a counter offer that values the fight for both boxers at a higher amount than the offer being made by Boxxer. Instead of negotiating or discussing our offeror the fight terms, we received communication back saying that Ben’s next fight will take place on a Boxxer show and that if their offer was not accepted, then they will move on. It seemed an odd reply as both boxers are with different promoters and in this circumstance, you tend to negotiate terms and the promoter prepared to pay the fighters the most money typically stages the fight. The ultimate decision makers in whether the fight happens should sit with the boxers. We know Liam wants the fight and understand Ben does as well. In our opinion, and we feel this is one that’s shared by boxing fans across the country, Cameron vs. Whittaker 2 is a must happen fight for 2025 after the controversial ending and draw decision in October. Liam and Queensberry are ready and willing to thrash out a deal and have no issue making this fight on any platform. We hope Boxxer are as well and we look forward to a positive and professional reply to our latest email sent last week which has not yet been replied to. Conclusion Ben Whittaker undoubtedly has an impressive pedigree from his amateur days, but he clearly found it difficult to deal with the experience of Cameron. The Olympic silver medallist will need to face the Sheffield fighter and win convincingly in order to move on cleanly with the rest of his career.

Entertainment
25 iconic songs produced by The Neptunes
NHL
Canadiens Provide Clarification on the Real Reason for Patrik…
NHL
Maple Leafs Make Bold Move: Fringe Forward Replaces Veteran Max…
NFL
Mark Davis' decision to fire GM raises questions about Raiders' future

Days after the Las Vegas Raiders fired head coach Antonio Pierce, the team decided Thursday to part ways with general manager Tom Telesco after one season. Is that a surprise? For many, yes. Telesco's job was deemed safe, but Raiders owner Mark Davis didn't see it that way. The team released a statement thanking Telesco for his short contributions, including drafting tight end Brock Bowers, who had a monster season for the 4-13 Raiders. "We appreciate his efforts in helping build a foundation for the future. We wish Tom and his family all the best," the statement read. Telesco did help build a foundation in the short term by adding Bowers with the 13th overall pick. The 2024 NFL Draft for the Raiders also drafted guard Jackson Powers-Johnson (second round) and tackle DJ Glaze (third round), who could bring stability to the offensive line for several years. Both showed promise this season. The rest of the draft class remains in question, but Telesco hit a home run in the selection of Bowers, who set numerous rookie records this season. So, why rid of Telesco, who has an apparent knack for NFL Drafts? There is no clear reason the team did so, but Davis made a mistake just like he did with hiring Pierce as the permanent head coach until firing him this week. It's no wonder he is seeking input from minority owner Tom Brady on the franchise's direction. Davis' decision-making has not gone well since he became the owner after his father, Al Davis, died in 2011. Since Davis took over, the Raiders have only made it to the playoffs twice (in 2014 and 2021). He has not retained a head coach for more than three seasons. It's been a disaster for Las Vegas since Davis took over. His only hope is that Brady's winning ways will rub off on the Raiders. Until then, the blame will continue to fall on Davis.

NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…
'90s TV shows that we need to see on our screens again
NHL
Red Wings make two big roster moves
College Football
Georgia QB's change of plans sends shockwaves through college…
NHL
Major announcement on the Coyotes' return as Quebec faces a new…
NHL
Vancouver Canucks goalie Thatcher Demko breaks silence on…
NFL
Falcons GM makes surprising Kirk Cousins admission
The 20 best Tom Hardy performances
NHL
Red Wings Are Not Being Outshot Anymore
NFL
3 Best Trade Destinations for Patriots QB Joe Milton
NHL
Blackhawks’ Chris Chelios claims Jeremy Roenick is ‘stuck in…

Despite getting to play in front of a sold out crowd at historic Wrigley Field, the Chicago Blackhawks did not have a good outing at the 2025 NHL Winter Classic on New Year’s Eve. They were defeated 6-2 by the St. Louis Blues, adding another loss to their total. But there was one moment before the game when past Blackhawks legends Chris Chelios, Jeremy Roenick and Denis Savard were on the ice and were greeted by every member of the current team, except for Connor Bedard, the first overall Draft selection in 2023. Roenick accused the young Blackhawks forward of a disrespectful faux pas, via TheSnipes Stripes podcast. “All the players came up to me, [Chelios], and [Savard], except one,” Roenick said. “That was Connor Bedard… If we don’t have that respect to go up and fist bump, to say congratulations, how can you do it with your own teammates? “I’m not ripping on him in terms of his personality or anything like that. If he’s going to be the captain of this team, there is a lot of things that he has to think about in terms of being that leader, being that captain, and unfortunately he dropped the ball.” And now Chelios is responding, essentially calling out his former teammate as being stuck in a previous decade, via 670 The Score. “He might be stuck in the ‘90s, somewhat like I am. It’s just a generation thing. It has nothing to do with Connor. We were taught to shake people’s hands and look them in the eyes. That’s not the way it is (now).” The Blackhawks are next in action against the Colorado Avalanche at United Center on Wednesday evening. The Blackhawks are in last place in the Western Conference It’s been a difficult 2024-25 season for the Blackhawks, who are in last place in the Western Conference. Despite multiple offseason additions, they’ve not translated into wins on the ice. They also fired head coach Luke Richardson, replacing him with Rockford Ice Hogs coach Anders Sorenson, who became the first Swedish-born head coach in NHL history.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More Warriors News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/buddy_hield_makes_nba_history_in_golden_state_warriors_vs_houston_rockets/s1_16988_41168441 
 ----- 
