Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
Play Daily Draw!
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
Venu streaming service scrapped
NFL All-Pro team
How to watch the Cotton Bowl
Detroit Free Press
Colt Keith injury: Detroit Tigers 2B exits win vs. Royals with right shoulder injury
Evan Petzold, Detroit Free Press
Tue, Sep 17, 2024·2 min read

KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Detroit Tigers second baseman Colt Keith, one of the top rookies in baseball, exited Tuesday's 3-1 win over the Kansas City Royals with a right shoulder injury.

It's unclear if Keith will miss an extended period of time.

He has dealt with a right shoulder injury in three consecutive seasons.

"I think he's OK, but he's got to get checked out," manager A.J. Hinch said after Tuesday's game. "We'll get him checked out. We're hopeful that he just kind of banged his shoulder on the diving play that he couldn't reach and came up a little bit sore."

Bobby Witt Jr. of the Kansas City Royals dives into second for a steal past Colt Keith of the Detroit Tigers in the first inning against the Detroit Tigers at Kauffman Stadium on Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Kansas City, Missouri.
More

THE THRILLING GAME: Detroit Tigers outlast Kansas City Royals in extras, 3-1, to hold ground in playoff race

It's the same shoulder Keith injured in the minor leagues in June 2022, when he suffered a labrum injury while diving back into first base on a pickoff attempt. He didn't undergo surgery but spent four months rehabbing, including the first two months in which he couldn't throw a baseball with his right arm.

He also tweaked the same shoulder in June 2023 while diving for a ball, missing three games.

"Same shoulder I hurt," Keith said after Tuesday's game. "It didn't feel the same as when I injured it before, but we'll see how it goes in the next couple of days."

In Tuesday's game, Keith jammed his shoulder diving up the middle on a single from Tommy Pham in the fifth inning. The injury limited the strength of his throws, so he removed himself from the game, but not until the eighth inning.

"I played until it stiffened up on me," said Keith, who finished 1-for-2 with one walk, "and it felt like I didn't have all my power throwing. I didn't want there to be a double play where I couldn't turn it, and hurt the team that way, so I took myself out."

HIS BIGGEST SWING: Tigers' Colt Keith unleashes first big swing in 'one of the coolest moments yet'

In the 2024 season, Keith is hitting .264 with 13 home runs, 58 RBIs, 35 walks and 104 strikeouts in 139 games.

Keith, who signed a long-term contract extension before his MLB debut, has been one of the best hitters for the Tigers after a slump to start his rookie season. Since May 1, he has a .289 batting average with all 13 homers in 113 games.

Contact Evan Petzold at epetzold@freepress.com or follow him @EvanPetzold.

Listen to our weekly Tigers show "Days of Roar" every Monday afternoon on demand at freep.com, Apple, Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. And catch all of our podcasts and daily voice briefing at freep.com/podcasts.

This article originally appeared on Detroit Free Press: Colt Keith shoulder injury: Detroit Tigers 2B leaves game vs Royals

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Fact of Fiction: Zion Williamson should have a trade market

The Pelicans star's impact has been more theoretical than actual. Is there anywhere but New Orleans that still wants to test that theory?

1h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

1h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL Wild Card Round: Top DFS picks and fades

The NFL Wild Card Round is here — Scott Pianowski helps you build your daily fantasy lineups.

13m ago
Yahoo Sports
Penn State edge rusher Abdul Carter declares for NFL Draft after Orange Bowl loss to Notre Dame

Carter finished the season with 12 sacks and should be a top-10 pick.

1h ago
Yahoo Sports
5 major storylines to watch during the fantasy football offseason: Tyreek Hill's saga is only beginning

The fantasy football offseason has arrived. Chris Allen breaks down what to keep an eye on.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports AM: The Irish fight on

In today's edition: Notre Dame wins Orange Bowl, ranking every Super Bowl matchup, the rise of Cade Cunningham, Australian Open preview, wild Ravens stat, and more.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Tony Meola & Keith Costigan chat MLS & Milan, Dax McCarty talks beating Lionel Messi & a manager firing spree!

Christian and Alexis bring on USMNT legend Tony Meola and Apple TV Keith Costigan to chat the state of MLS ahead of the 2025 season. Then, Christian and Alexis have 19 season MLS veteran Dax McCarty join the show to look back at a decorated career that includes beating Messi. Later, Christian and Alexis eact to news in Europe including West Ham sacking head coach Julen Lopetegui as well as Tottenham and Newcastle taking the lead in their Carabao Cup semifinal ties.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Sixers announce rookie Jared McCain is out for season with torn meniscus

McCain was the Sixers' lone bright spot this season and a Rookie of the Year candidate.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cavs prove they are legit title contenders & imagining a Wemby-Zion pairing in San Antonio | Kevin O'Connor Show

On this episode of the Kevin O'Connor Show, Tom Haberstroh hops on to discuss the instant classic between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Oklahoma City Thunder and of course the latest trade rumors as we inch closer to the deadline. Also, Zion Williamson's return, Bradley Beal and Jimmy Butler trade rumors, Golden State frustrations and more.

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal

Mitch Jeter hit a 41-yard kick with seven seconds to go.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Looking at some bad NFL head coach openings, it's not a great year to be a top candidate

Which job opening is the best? How about none of them?

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
What's next for the Padres, one of this winter's quietest teams?

An ownership struggle and financial limbo leave San Diego without a clear path forward in 2025.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame QB Riley Leonard briefly leaves Orange Bowl win in second quarter

The back of Leonard's head appeared to hit the turf after he was hit.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
Four Verts, wild-card edition: Is this finally the year for a Ravens run? Plus the Packers are one heck of a 7 seed

Baltimore has become a well-oiled machine on both sides of the ball, Green Bay has a legit shot to upset the Eagles on the road, and why Vikings-Rams might be the coolest matchup of the weekend.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cade Cunningham has taken on the challenge of being Detroit's franchise player: 'I would love to have my own chapter'

The Pistons are making noise in the East again, with their star point guard leading the way.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck entering NCAA transfer portal: Report

Beck previously declared for the 2025 NFL Draft, but will play one more college season.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Raiders fire general manager Tom Telesco, 2 days after firing coach Antonio Pierce

That's a clean sweep for the Raiders at the top, which might help them land a head coach who either wants personnel power or can come in with a general manager he has worked with before.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA postpones Thursday's Hornets-Lakers game due to Los Angeles wildfires, coach JJ Redick's home reportedly lost

"The entire NBA family sends its thoughts and support to the community of Los Angeles during this challenging time," the league said.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
'He's generational': Inside Jeremiah Smith's path to stardom at Ohio State

It all started with a snub from a youth football coach that sparked a hunger in a then 7-year-old from South Florida.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Padres ownership lawsuit drama, Verlander to Giants & Dodgers trade World Series champ | Baseball Bar-B-Cast

Jake Mintz and Jordan Shusterman discuss the Padres' lawsuit drama, Justin Verlander signing with the Giants, the Dodgers trading Gavin Lux, Brent Rooker signing an extension and make their picks for The Good, The Bad & The Uggla.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/colt-keith-injury-detroit-tigers-031158930.html 
 ----- 
