MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Meadows gives Detroit lead with broken-bat single in the 10th, Tigers hold on to beat Royals 3-1
Updated Sep. 17, 2024 11:07 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Parker Meadows hit a broken-bat single in the 10th inning to give Detroit the lead, moments after Trey Sweeney had been given third base because of a balk, and the Tigers went on to beat the Kansas City Royals 3-1 on Tuesday night.

Tyler Holton (7-1) retired all six Royals he faced, striking out a pair in the ninth to force extra innings. Jason Foley took care of the Royals in the 10th, earning the save for the second straight night and 25th time this season.

“Pitching and defense, it goes together, and we hung in there in some really difficult situations,” said Tigers manager A.J. Hinch, whose club has won 24 of its last 34 games, its best stretch of that length in more than a decade.

“It was kind of all hands on deck,” Hinch said, “and they responded.”

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Riley Greene added an RBI single off Lucas Erceg (2-6) later in the 10th for the Tigers, helping them to remain 1 1/2 games back of the Twins for the final AL wild-card spot. Minnesota beat the Guardians earlier Tuesday night.

The Royals stayed 2 1/2 games behind Baltimore for the first wild-card spot. They are 1 1/2 ahead of Minnesota.

“There were some good pitchers on the other side that are trying to keep us from doing things offensively," Royals manager Matt Quatraro said. “That was a classic pitching duel the whole night.”

Cole Ragans allowed one run on four hits and four walks with six strikeouts over seven innings for Kansas City, and Casey Mize allowed one run on six hits and four walks while pitching into the fifth for Detroit.

“We found a way,” Mize said, “and that's obviously the most important thing right now.”

Here's What a New Walk-in Shower Should Cost In 2025
Enter your ZIP code and answer a few questions about your current bathroom setup.
Homebuddy|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.

Ragans struggled with his control from the onset, hitting Andy Ibáñez to start the game — Matt Vierling followed with an RBI double — and walking a pair in the fourth inning. But with a combination of groundballs and strikeouts, the hard-throwing left-hander was able to keep the Tigers from capitalizing on his mistakes.

Freddy Fermín also threw out a pair of runners trying to steal second.

Mize allowed plenty of traffic on the bases, too. But it was his defense that kept Kansas City from a big inning. The Tigers turned double plays in the third, fourth and fifth, the last after Mize had walked the bases loaded and Shelby Miller got Michael Massey to ground into the double play on the first pitch he threw.

Miller loaded the bases again in the sixth but got Tommy Pham to pop out and end the inning.

“Shelby bailed me out of a huge spot,” Mize said. “Our team is just resilient and that's what is important.”

WONDERFUL WITT

The Royals' Bobby Witt Jr. became the first shortstop in major league history with multiple seasons of at least 30 homers and 30 steals when the All-Star swiped second base in the first inning. Witt has 31 home runs this season, including a grand slam in the series opener Monday night, to go with 30 steals. The 24-year-old superstar had 49 steals and 30 homers last season.

ROSTER MOVES

Royals RHP James McArthur went on the injured list with a sprained ulnar collateral ligament in his elbow, though Quatraro believes he could be back for the playoffs. “The hope is it's not a season-ending injury,” Quatraro said. RHP Steven Cruz was recalled from Triple-A Omaha to take his place in the bullpen.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Royals RHP Michael Lorenzen (left hamstring strain) and LHP Will Smith (lower back spasms) could make the next step in their rehab this weekend when they pitch against each other in live batting practice. There still is no date for their return.

UP NEXT

Tigers: LHP Tarik Skubal (16-4, 2.50) tries to match the Braves' Chris Sale with his major league-best 17th win in the series finale against Kansas City on Wednesday night. Skubal has won his last four decisions.

Royals: RHP Alec Marsh (8-8, 4.42) is on the mound against Detroit after striking out a career-best 11 in 5 1/3 innings last Friday night against Pittsburgh. Marsh pitched six innings of three-hit ball against Detroit on May 21.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Detroit Tigers
Parker Meadows
Major League Baseball
Kansas City Royals
Casey Mize
Cole Ragans
Lucas Erceg
Jason Foley
Detroit Tigers
Kansas City Royals
MLB - Detroit Tigers vs. Kansas City Royals - 09/17/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/meadows-gives-detroit-lead-with-brokenbat-single-in-the-10th-tigers-hold-on-to-beat-royals-31 
 ----- 
