Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Royals can't capitalize on scoring chances in extra-inning loss
Share
Royals can't capitalize on scoring chances in extra-inning loss
September 18th, 2024

Anne Rogers

@anne__rogers
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

KANSAS CITY -- The Royals felt like they were on the verge of breaking Tuesday’s game open all night with traffic all over the bases and pressure on the Tigers’ pitching.

Double plays, key strikeouts and a clutch Tigers’ bullpen made the opportunity to do so disappear in the Royals’ 3-1 loss in 10 innings at Kauffman Stadium, their third consecutive loss.

Complete coverage: Royals’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

Tuesday’s loss means the Royals (82-70) trail the first-place Guardians by five games in the American League Central. Kansas City still sits in the second AL Wild Card spot, 2 1/2 games behind Baltimore and 1 1/2 games ahead of the Twins in the third spot.

But Detroit, surging in September, is now just 1 1/2 games out of that third and final spot. The Royals do hold the head-to-head tiebreaker over the Tigers with a 7-5 season series record and one more game to play.

“Any time you lose, it’s frustrating,” Bobby Witt Jr. said after his history-making night. “But it’s just trying to figure out how you can improve. We didn’t come this far just to come this far.”

Witt’s run was the only one the Royals scored on Tuesday, when he came home on Michael Massey’s RBI single in the third inning. That tied the game at 1, and that’s where the game stayed until the top of the 10th when the Tigers scored two off Royals reliever Lucas Erceg.

After a scoreless ninth, Erceg came back out for the 10th and allowed the automatic runner to move from second to third when he balked by flinching his knee. Parker Meadows’ bloop single into left field scored the go-ahead run. A four-pitch walk to Matt Vierling extended the inning, and Riley Greene’s single up the middle gave the Tigers an insurance run.

Related
KC rewards No. 1 prospect Caglianone with Spring Training invite

5:04 PM UTC

Royals sign remaining arb-eligible players to one-year contracts

January 9th, 2025

'We're going to win': Lorenzen reunites with Royals on 1-year deal

January 8th, 2025

Where KC's rotation stands with Lorenzen back

January 8th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Royals sign versatile Biggio to Minor League deal

January 5th, 2025

“I got away from my process a little bit,” Erceg said of the walk. “I’m not going to sit here and say that I was full of energy. I was tired. … After that walk, I hit the reset button and said, ‘Hey, we’re onto the next guy.’ I executed a couple good pitches, he was just able to put a good swing on a fastball in.”

Opportunities were everywhere for the Royals to break through offensively. But they went 1-for-9 with runners in scoring position and left 10 on base Tuesday, a frustrating trend for a team that has been so good this season in clutch situations.

They rank fourth in MLB this year with an .805 OPS with runners in scoring position. In the past 25 games, though, the Royals are batting .195 (38-for-195) with runners in scoring position.

“A lot of this is to do with who we’re facing as well,” manager Matt Quatraro said. “... You got to put yourselves in those situations in order to come through with them. We got to continue to get to those spots, and something’s going to come through one of these times. And it’s going to break a game open.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The Royals hit into three double plays Tuesday. Twice, they loaded the bases but weren’t able to score. In the fifth, the Royals knocked starter Casey Mize out of the game by loading the bases with one out, only for Massey to ground into an inning-ending double play on the first pitch he saw from reliever Shelby Miller, a slider in the zone.

“He wants one of two things: He wants a double-play ball or he wants a strikeout,” Massey said. “To let him get ahead with strike one gets him one pitch closer. I like to hit early in those counts and be ready to go.

“... I felt like I got a pretty good pitch to hit and just hit the outside part of the ball instead of the inside part of the ball. They turned it, made us pay for it.”

The opportunities vanished in the late innings when the Tigers turned to their back-end relievers.

Royals starter Cole Ragans allowed just one run in seven innings. He also faced traffic throughout the night and walked four batters. Catcher Freddy Fermin threw out two of those walks on the bases, one attempting to steal in the fifth and one trying to advance on a ball in the dirt in the seventh.

“They didn’t really chase much,” Ragans said of the Tigers’ approach. “I had to come in the zone to get them out. When they did chase, it was very close to the zone. They have a really good approach, they’re a good team and they’re playing good baseball right now.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Kansas City Royals

Anne Rogers covers the Royals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/royals-lose-in-10th-inning-to-tigers 
 ----- 
