Skip to main content
Royals Review homepage
a Kansas City Royals community
Follow Royals Review online:
Log in or sign up
Royals Review main menu
FANPOSTS
SECTIONS 
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

Royals Rumblings - News for September 17, 2024

The Royals are trying and it has made all the difference.

By Max Rieper@maxrieper  Sep 17, 2024, 8:00am EDT  226 Comments / 226 New

If you buy something from an SB Nation link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.

Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Max Rieper has been the managing editor of Royals Review since 2014.

Chelsea Janes at the Washington Post writes about the Royals’ turnaround.

Now, the Royals are charging into the postseason, just three games back of the American League Central-leading Cleveland Guardians, engineering one of the most substantial turnarounds in modern baseball history. They won just 56 games last year. They have won 81 this year entering Saturday, a 25-games-and-counting jump that was on pace to challenge the 1998/1999 Arizona Diamondbacks (plus-35) until an early September slump.

Their turnaround is a reminder that in this age of the expanded postseason, when six teams in each league qualify and a handful more come close, contending is never as far away as it feels. To the extent that the Royals offer a blueprint for perennial losers hoping for better, the outline is simple: Try.

David Lesky writes that he’d prefer the Royals get a bye for the Wild Card round.

I get the idea that a bye and a few days off can break the rhythm of some bats, and it can get magnified when facing a team that has not had to break that rhythm. That said, the randomness of a three-game series is why I would never turn down the Royals an opportunity to get to the next round without having to lift a finger. Remove the White Sox from this conversation and realize that even a truly bad team can win a three-game series on the road against a good team. Now imagine the odds of two teams that are relatively evenly matched. Having to win two of three in a game that can be as random as baseball is terrifying enough to assume that a bye is a bad thing.

James McArthur had to exit last night’s game with the trainer.

Anne Rogers has an update on Michael Lorenzen.

Lorenzen made his second rehab start on Sept. 13 with Triple-A Omaha, allowing one run in 3 1/3 innings with two walks and four strikeouts, but he exited in the fourth inning with a trainer. He felt more soreness than was usual after the outing, according to manager Matt Quatraro, but Lorenzen has made good progress since then. He played catch on Sept. 16 at Kauffman Stadium, and the Royals are waiting to see how he feels the next two or three days before determining what comes next.

Craig Brown writes the post-season countdown is on.

Kevin O’Brien at Farm to Fountains pleads not to give up on McArthur long-term.

Josh Jackson at MLB.com writes that Omaha has a must-see minor league ballpark.

The Guardians come from behind to beat the Twins 4-3.

Luis Arraez strikes out, breaking a streak of 141 plate appearances without one.

Giants outfielder Heliot Ramos became the first right-handed hitter to hit a home run into McCovey Cove.

A’s outfielder Lawrence Butler is turning into one of the league’s top hitters.

Mike Trout may move off centerfield next year to stay healthier.

Giants minority owner Buster Posey spearheaded extension talks with third baseman Matt Chapman.

MLB is investigating Red Sox manager Alex Cora’s comments that suggested they threw at Aaron Judge intentionally.

The White Sox plan to cut payroll next year.

Taijuan Walker is back in the Phillies rotation.

The MLB player’s union sues FanDuel and Draftkings over name, image, and likeness infringement.

A year after he was tasked #1 overall in the NFL draft, Panthers quarterback Bryce Young is benched.

ION’s investment in women’s sports on TV is paying off.

TikTok argues against a national ban in court.

Sean “Diddy” Combs is arrested by federal agents.

Shogun, The Bear, and Baby Reindeer were the big winners at the Emmy’s.

Your song of the day is Pearl Jam with Even Flow.

MORE FROM ROYALS REVIEW
The Royals have a decision to make about Salvador Perez
What did the Royals miss with Brent Rooker?
Royals claim infielder Braden Shewmake off waivers
Royals Rumblings - News for January 8, 2025
Royals Rumblings - News for January 9, 2025
Kansas City Royals top prospects: Honorable mentions
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.royalsreview.com/2024/9/17/24246913/royals-rumblings-news-for-september-17-2024 
 ----- 
