Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Triolo makes debut at first base as Bucs move rookie around
Share
Triolo makes debut at first base as Bucs move rookie around
After winning Minors Gold Glove at third base in 2021, versatile defender may be valuable utility man in Majors
September 12th, 2023

Jake Crouse

@JakeCrouseMLB
Share

0:01

0:10

PITTSBURGH -- Jared Triolo came up the ranks in the Pirates’ system as a third baseman. A very, very good third baseman. He won the 2021 Minor League Gold Glove Award at third base -- only one is awarded per position across all the affiliated levels -- and he was a two-time Bill Mazeroski Defender of the Year, which is awarded by the Bucs.

The only roadblock in his path to playing third base in the Majors? Ke’Bryan Hayes, the defensive wizard at the hot corner who is poised to earn his first Major League Gold Glove Award this year and who signed an eight-year extension in 2022.

It’s a good problem to have for Pittsburgh, but it leads to new defensive strategies, which the Pirates showed in a 6-2 loss to the Nationals on Monday night at PNC Park. Triolo played first base for the first time in his MLB career and looked fairly solid while doing it.

Triolo was tested early, with a funky hop off the bat of Travis Blankenhorn in the second inning. Triolo made a wing with his glove hand to deflect the shot off his left shoulder, almost like a hockey goalie stopping a shot to the top corner, and collected the hop calmly.

From that test onward, Triolo had all the confidence he needed to cruise through his seven innings at first base before moving to second in the eighth.

“I think after the first ground ball, it was like, ‘Well, I’m still fielding ground balls and getting hops,’” Triolo said.

“He did a nice job,” manager Derek Shelton said. “He made a pick on the one ball on the one double play we didn’t turn, and had three or four other plays. He got a tricky hop in the [second], and he didn’t blink on it. So overall I thought he did a nice job.”

Related
Triolo's versatility leads to his first career Gold Glove Award

November 4th, 2024

3 Pirates who've rebounded to finish the 2024 season strong

September 18th, 2024

Bucs' bats showing signs of turnaround after slow start

May 25th, 2024

How Ferguson could help solve the Bucs' lefty problems

January 11th, 2025

Pirates avoid arb, agree to '25 contracts with four players (source)

January 9th, 2025

Bucs ink lefty reliver Ferguson to 1-year deal

January 10th, 2025

In fact, the trickiest part of the night in Triolo’s words had nothing to do with getting the glove on the ball. It was about learning to look away.

“Not following the ball,” Triolo said of the toughest aspect of playing first. “Some balls get hit to short or to third, you’ve got to go the other way of the ball.”

Triolo has had some time at first in the Minors (three games) and in Spring Training. But he’s seen most of his work there during pregame fielding practice, with input from coaches like bench coach Don Kelly and Major League coach Mendy López, who he credited after Monday’s game with getting him comfortable with the position.

But he’s also just plain good with the glove.

“[Triolo] is a really good defender,” Shelton said. “[First base] is on the [other] side, and reading the ball off the bat is going to be different. But the biggest thing for guys that play other positions in terms of the infield is having the first-base glove on.”

That glove is one of four that Triolo carries with him, though the third-base glove is still his most used. He feels he’s growing at the position, too, and he said he’s learning from watching Hayes, who with 20 defensive runs saved entering Monday and only one fielding error in 2023 is likely the favorite to take home his first Gold Glove Award.

Triolo got a front-row seat on Monday to one of the many highlights Hayes has accumulated this season, with a snowcone catch on a dive in the eighth.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“This guy is so good and so elite there,” Shelton said of Hayes. “… We get spoiled in Pittsburgh because of the things that he does and we expect him to do.”

As for Triolo, expect him to move around. Shelton said he can foresee Triolo getting a look at all four infield positions, though saying the least amount of time would come at shortstop. And even if it means he isn’t setting up home at his natural position, Triolo is happy to have the trust of the Pirates as they try to get him as many games as possible.

“It’s pretty cool, the thought that they have a lot of confidence in me over there,” Triolo.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Jared Triolo
Pittsburgh Pirates

Jake Crouse is a reporter for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/jared-triolo-plays-first-base-in-pirates-loss-to-nationals 
 ----- 
