MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
White Sox beat playoff-bound Tigers 4-0, stay at 121 losses going into finale
Updated Sep. 28, 2024 7:30 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

DETROIT (AP) — Sean Burke pitched two-hit ball over five innings, Andrew Benintendi tied his career high with his 20th homer and the Chicago White Sox beat the playoff-bound Detroit Tigers 4-0 on Saturday to stay at 121 losses going into their season finale.

Making his fourth big league appearance, Burke (2-0) struck out six and walked three, helping stop Detroit's six-game winning streak.

Detroit had two baserunners in each of the first two innings. Burke allowed only one runner in his last three innings.

“We had a couple of chances early to change his day,” Detroit manager A.J. Hinch said. “They got somebody up early because I think he had 30 pitches in the first and never really broke through.”

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Burke held playoff-bound San Diego to one run and two hits in six innings during his previous outing. He persevered through dreary playing conditions in Saturday’s start.

“It’s nothing I haven’t pitched in before,” Burke said, who played college ball at Maryland. “I’m from Massachusetts and went to a Big Ten school, so I got used to pitching in this stuff. After the first two innings, I kind of settled in.”

Michael Soroka didn't allow a baserunner while striking out five in three innings. Gus Varland finished a three-hitter, just the seventh shutout for the White Sox.

Detroit, which will be the No. 2 or 3 wild card in the AL playoffs, on Friday clinched its first postseason berth since 2014 with its 10th win in 11 games.

A night after setting the post-1900 record for losses, Chicago (40-121) won for the fourth time in a five-game span for only the second time this season. The White Sox won a season-high four straight from May 8-11.

Travel Oregon This Winter
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert...
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Round After Round
Fight through the playoffs with officially licensed NFL...
YETI|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

Benintendi also doubled and scored two runs and Bryan Ramos added a solo homer for the White Sox.

Jackson Jobe, a well-regarded 22-year-old Detroit right-hander, had a hitless three-inning relief stint. Making his second big league appearance, Jobe had his first two career strikeouts.

In a game that started 2 hours, 20 minutes late because of inclement weather, Ramos homered in the second off Beau Brieske (4-5) and Andrew Vaughn hit an RBI single in the sixth against Ty Madden.

Benintendi followed a leadoff walk to Zach DeLoach in the eighth a two-run homer. He also hit 20 in 2017, his first full season with Boston.

Hinch didn't think there was a letdown after Friday's celebration.

“I don't want to make any excuses whatsoever,” he said. “There was a lot of energy this morning coming out of last night. Then we sat around a little bit and then go out and it wasn't a great day to play. We're going to chalk this up and get through it and bounce back tomorrow. We have a chance to win the series and the regular season on a much better note.”

UP NEXT

White Sox RHP Jonathan Cannon (4-10, 4.37 ERA) starts Sunday against a Tigers pitcher to be announced.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Justin Verlander joining Giants on $15 million deal for his 20th season
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Giants sign Justin Verlander
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Chicago White Sox
Major League Baseball
Michael Soroka
Andrew Benintendi
Chicago White Sox
Detroit Tigers
MLB - Chicago White Sox vs. Detroit Tigers - 09/28/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/white-sox-beat-playoffbound-tigers-40-stay-at-121-losses-going-into-finale 
 ----- 
