Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Zambia vs Tanzania Preview: Troubled coach Taifa Stars dare Chipolopolo | AFCON 2023 Group F
by ISMAEL KIYONGA
JANUARY 21, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Feisal Salum in action against Uganda Cranes Credit: Courtesy
Sunday January 21, 2024
Stade Laurent Pokou 8pm (EAT)

Troubled Tanzania lock horns with Zambia in a fixture they must at least get a point to avoid early exit from the ongoing 2023 Africa Cup of Nations.

The Taifa Stars lost their opening game 3-0 to Morocco and got their youngster Novatus Miroshi sent off later in the second half.

In the aftermath, their coach Adel Amrouche was suspended for eight matches by CAF for his anti-Morocco comments which prompted the TFF to sack him.

This leaves the East African side without a head coach ahead of this clash and the suspension of Amrouche came with a $ 10,000 fine for the federation.

Meanwhile, Zambia who drew 1-1 with DR Congo will fancy their chances against the Taifa Stars as they aim to end a winless run in the Afcon since 2012 when they won the title.

Here are the interesting facts, figures and statistics.

Zambia are winless in the Afcon finals since 2012 when they won the trophy under Renard Herve. (D6, L1)
Taifa Stars are still looking for their first win at the Afcon finals with this being their third time to play at the tournament.
Defeat against Chipolopolo will mean four straight defeats for the Taifa Stars at the Afcon.
The Taifa Stars failed to score in any of their three recent losses, and haven’t netted more than a single goal in any of their last 13 matches!
Zambia failed to score in only one of their last nine meetings with Tanzania.
ISMAEL KIYONGA
ismael@kawowo.com

Senior Staff writer at Kawowo Sports mainly covering football More by Ismael Kiyonga

Join the Conversation

 2 Comments

Sabc Sport
says:
January 22, 2024 at 10:37

Zambia were held to a 1-1 draw with Tanzania in their Africa Cup of Nations Group F match on Sunday evening. Don’t forget to click on link… https://www.sabcsport.com/soccer/news/afcon-report-zambia-score-late-to-draw-with-tanzania

Loading...
Reply
Mbwana Kivava
says:
June 15, 2024 at 22:30

Grant should have included Clatous Chams

Loading...
Reply
Leave a comment
Please let us know what you think
Uganda U-17 qualify to 2025 Afcon tournament in Morocco
Tanda squares up against Falcon in final | 2024 Entebbe Christmas Cup
Uganda Police women handball team conquers East and Central Africa
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
%d
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/01/21/afcon-2024-tanzania-zambia-match/ 
 ----- 
