Click to toggle navigation menu.
NEWS
TRAFFIC
WEATHER
 Live Radio
Listen Live
 Login
Home » Sports » Ronaldo held scoreless as…
This article is about 2 months old
Ronaldo held scoreless as Portugal’s perfect Nations League record ends after draw with Scotland

The Associated Press

October 15, 2024, 5:25 PM

Share This:
share on facebook
share on X
share on threads
share on linkedin
share on email
print

MADRID (AP) — Cristiano Ronaldo was held scoreless and Portugal lost its perfect record in the Nations League after a 0-0 draw at Scotland on Tuesday.

Portugal had won its first three matches in the competition but couldn’t find a breakthrough against the Scots at Hampden Park in Glasgow.

Ronaldo, sitting on 133 international goals, had a few good chances to break the deadlock. He seemed upset with the referee after the game ended, leaving the field with a sarcastic applause, waving his arms and with thumbs down.

Portugal had beaten Croatia, Scotland and Poland in Group A1, which it still leads with 10 points, three more than Croatia and six more than Poland.

Last-place Scotland stayed on one point. It came into the match on a nine-match winless streak and had lost four games in a row.

“There was a lot missing for Portugal tonight,” midfielder Bernardo Silva said. “We lacked intensity, didn’t attack at the right moments. We leave here frustrated.”

The top two nations in each group will advance to the knockout stage.

Spain into quarterfinals

Álvaro Morata scored about 10 minutes after missing a penalty kick as Spain comfortably defeated Serbia 3-0 to secure a spot in the quarterfinals after its third consecutive victory in the Nations League.

Morata sent his penalty over the crossbar in the 54th, then found the net for Spain’s second goal in the 65th at the Nuevo Arcangel stadium in Cordoba.

“I missed a penalty but ended up scoring,” Morata said. “We are in the knockout stages again. It seems easy but it’s not, we need to give value to our achievements.”

Aymeric Laporte had opened the scoring five minutes into the match for Spain, the defending champion which opened with a 0-0 draw at Serbia and then beat Switzerland and Denmark in Group A4.

Spain leads the group with 10 points, three more than Denmark, which drew 2-2 at last-place Switzerland.

Serbia was third with four points from the draw against Spain and a win over Switzerland, which remains winless.

Serbia played a man down from the 76th after Strahinja Pavlovic was sent off for a sliding tackle on an opponent. Álex Baena scored Spain’s third goal from the ensuing free kick.

Five-goal first half

Croatia scored three times in the first 26 minutes of a first half against Poland that featured a total of five goals.

The Croatians led 3-2 going into the break in a game that ended in a 3-3 draw in Poland in Group A1.

Piotr Zielinski opened the scoring for Poland five minutes into the match before the visitors took command with goals from Borna Sosa in the 19th, Petar Sucic in the 24th and Martin Baturina in the 26th. Nicola Zalewski brought Poland closer in the 45th and Szymanski leveled the match in the 68th.

Croatia saw goalkeeper Dominik Livakovic sent off in the 76th for an ugly foul on Poland striker Robert Lewandowski outside the penalty area. Livakovic kicked the ball clear but kept his foot high during the follow-through and hit Lewandowski just below the knee on his standing leg.

Croatia was in second place in the group with seven points, three less than Portugal.

Poland was third with four points, three more than Scotland.

Other results

Kosovo beat visiting Cyprus 3-0 in League C, while Romania won 2-1 at Lithuania and Belarus drew 1-1 with Luxembourg at home.

Northern Ireland routed Bulgaria 5-0 at home with a hat trick by Isaac Price.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

Copyright © 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.

Related News
Sports on TV for Wednesday, Dec. 11
ECHL Glance
SPHL Glance
Recommended
Young girl shot in DC after younger brother 'accessed a gun', police say
A 15-year-old girl fatally shoots a teacher and a teenager at a Christian school in Wisconsin
18th century Georgetown renovation with car elevator lists for nearly $10 million
Related Categories:
	Other Sports News | Soccer News | Sports
Around the Web
Your City Seniors Love This Engineer's Nail Clipper
Outfany
If You're Over 65, Try This Instead of Gutter Cleaning (It's Genius)
LeafFilter Partner
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2024
HomeBuddy
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Might Leave You Speechless!
Tardive Dyskinesia
This Simple After-Dinner Ritual Might Help You Get Rid of Stubborn Body Fat!
The Daily Survivor
Council Bluffs: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $150/month - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
Trump revisits plan to privatize USPS, a first-term plan that didn’t go far
Air Force rolling out ARTEMIS to modernize aviation resource management
OPM calls for stronger focus on federal HR in new legislative proposal
CISA lays out how agencies, industry should respond to major cyber incidents
 

5425 Wisconsin Ave
Chevy Chase, MD 20815

 

hello@wtop.com

 

202.895.5000

Copyright © 2024 by WTOP. All rights reserved. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

About Us
News Philosophy
News Team
Careers
Advertise
Contests
Contacts
News Tips
Charities
Events
Press
Podcasts
Federal News Network
Sign up for or manage your WTOP email subscriptions
Email
Go
facebook
instagram
x
tiktok
youtube
threads
Feedback Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Hubbard Radio DMCA Notice EEO FCC Public Inspection Files FCC Applications Do Not Sell My Info – CA Resident Only
Cookie Consent
Through our own and third-party cookies, we collect and share with third parties electronic network activity personal identifiers (including IP addresses and device identifiers) to allow the website to function, store your preferences, analyze your usage of the website, and to measure ad performance and target ads to you. To opt out, please click ‘Do Not Sell.’ If we have detected an opt-out preference signal then it will be honored. For additional information, please see ourPrivacy Policy
Customize Accept Cookies
✕
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wtop.com/sports/2024/10/ronaldo-held-scoreless-as-portugals-perfect-nations-league-record-ends-after-draw-with-scotland/ 
 ----- 
