NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
Soccer
Fixtures
Tables
Nations League Roundup: Ronaldo held scoreless as Portugal draws with Scotland
Associated Press
October 15, 2024 - 5:28pm
Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo reacts during the UEFA Nations League soccer match between Scotland and Portugal at Hampden Park in Glasgow, Scotland, Tuesday, Oct. 15, 2024. (Scott Heppell/AP Photo)
0 comments

MADRID — Cristiano Ronaldo was held scoreless and Portugal lost its perfect record in the Nations League after a 0-0 draw at Scotland on Tuesday.

Portugal had won its first three matches in the competition but couldn't find a breakthrough against the Scots at Hampden Park in Glasgow.

Ronaldo, sitting on 133 international goals, had a few good chances to break the deadlock. He seemed upset with the referee after the game ended, leaving the field with sarcastic applause, waving his arms and with thumbs down.

Portugal had beaten Croatia, Scotland and Poland in Group A1, which it still leads with 10 points, three more than Croatia and six more than Poland.

Last-place Scotland stayed at one point. It came into the match on a nine-match winless streak and had lost four games in a row.

“There was a lot missing for Portugal tonight,” midfielder Bernardo Silva said. “We lacked intensity, didn't attack at the right moments. We leave here frustrated.”

The top two nations in each group will advance to the knockout stage.

Spain into quarterfinals

Álvaro Morata scored about 10 minutes after missing a penalty kick as Spain comfortably defeated Serbia 3-0 to secure a spot in the quarterfinals after its third consecutive victory in the Nations League.

Morata sent his penalty over the crossbar in the 54th, then found the net for Spain's second goal in the 65th at the Nuevo Arcangel stadium in Cordoba.

“I missed a penalty but ended up scoring,” Morata said. “We are in the knockout stages again. It seems easy but it's not, we need to give value to our achievements.”

Aymeric Laporte had opened the scoring five minutes into the match for Spain, the defending champion which opened with a 0-0 draw at Serbia and then beat Switzerland and Denmark in Group A4.

Spain leads the group with 10 points, three more than Denmark, which drew 2-2 at last-place Switzerland.

Serbia was third with four points from the draw against Spain and a win over Switzerland, which remains winless.

Serbia played a man down from the 76th after Strahinja Pavlovic was sent off for a sliding tackle on an opponent. Álex Baena scored Spain's third goal from the ensuing free kick.

Five-goal first half

Croatia scored three times in the first 26 minutes of a first half against Poland featuring a total of five goals.

The Croatians led 3-2 going into the break in a game that ended in a 3-3 draw in Poland in Group A1.

Piotr Zielinski opened the scoring for Poland five minutes into the match before the visitors took command with goals from Borna Sosa in the 19th, Petar Sucic in the 24th and Martin Baturina in the 26th. Nicola Zalewski brought Poland closer in the 45th and Szymanski leveled the match in the 68th.

Croatia saw goalkeeper Dominik Livakovic sent off in the 76th for an ugly foul on Poland striker Robert Lewandowski outside the penalty area. Livakovic kicked the ball clear but kept his foot high during the follow-through and hit Lewandowski just below the knee on his standing leg.

Croatia was in second place in the group with seven points, three less than Portugal.

Poland was third with four points, three more than Scotland.

Other results

Kosovo beat visiting Cyprus 3-0 in League C, while Romania won 2-1 at Lithuania and Belarus drew 1-1 with Luxembourg at home.

Northern Ireland routed Bulgaria 5-0 at home with a hat trick by Isaac Price.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Mbappe’s representatives dismiss Swedish reports of a rape claim
Thomas Tuchel officially named new England manager, will start in 2025
SOCCER NEWS
5:00
SoccerSportsnet Video
What would make it an ideal 2025 for the Canadian MNT?
SoccerAssociated Press
Is Unify League the new European Super league?
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Guardiola blames himself after Man City loss
SoccerAssociated Press
Mbappé to return for Real Madrid
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Southampton fires manager Russell Martin
MORE HEADLINES
SoccerAssociated Press
Mbappé to return for Real Madrid
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Southampton fires manager Russell Martin
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Wolves fire O'Neil with team in relegation zone
MLSCanadian Press
Vancouver Whitecaps owners look to sell club
La LigaAssociated Press
Barcelona's Lamine Yamal out with ankle injury
SoccerCanadian Press
Canada coach expecting a tough 2025 schedule

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2024 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/soccer/article/nations-league-roundup-ronaldo-held-scoreless-as-portugal-draws-with-scotland/ 
 ----- 
