INDIA TODAY
AAJ TAK
GNTTV
LALLANTOP
BUSINESS TODAY
BANGLA
MALAYALAM
NORTHEAST
BT BAZAAR
HARPER'S BAZAAR
SPORTS TAK
CRIME TAK
ASTRO TAK
GAMING
BRIDES TODAY
COSMOPOLITAN
KISAN TAK
ISHQ FM
INDIA TODAY HINDI
READER’S DIGEST
AAJ TAK CAMPUS
Magazine
Live TV
Search
SIGN IN
Edition
IN
Home
TV
Live TV
Primetime
Elections
Delhi
Maharashtra
Jharkhand
Magazine
Latest Edition
Insight
Best Colleges
Life+Style
India
South
Global
Business
All Sports
Sports Today
Cricket
Football
Tennis
Technology
Entertainment
Showbuzz
Bollywood
Hollywood
OTT
Latest Reviews
Newspresso
Specials
Podcasts
First Things Fast
Sunday Special
History of It
NewsMo
DIU
Interactives
Opinion
Games
Videos
Short Videos
Fact Check
Other News
Education
It's Viral
Science
Health
Auto
Law Today
Environment
Cities
Weather
Web Stories
Horoscopes
DOWNLOAD APP
Follow Us On:
NewsSportsCricketIndia vs New Zealand: Kohli 95, Shami 5 for 54 script sensational India win
SPORTS
All
Cricket
IPL auction
Match-Centre
BGT Tests
Football
Tennis
Formula One
Other Sports
Videos
Venues
India vs New Zealand, World Cup 2023: Virat Kohli 95, Mohammed Shami 5 for 54 script sensational India win
India vs New Zealand, World Cup 2023: Virat Kohli hit 95 while Mohammed Shami picked 5 for 54 as India completed their fifth successive victory of the 2023 World Cup. Chasing 274, Kohli top-scored with 95 as India reached the target in 48 overs.

Listen to Story

Share
ADVERTISEMENT
India beat New Zealand by 4 wickets in CWC 2023 (AP)
India Today Sports Desk
New Delhi,UPDATED: Oct 22, 2023 22:36 IST
In Short
India defeated New Zealand by 4 wickets to win their 5th successive match in the 2023 World Cup
Virat Kohli scored 95 to steer India's successful run chase against New Zealand
Mohammed Shami, playing his first match of the tournament, picked 5 for 54 off 10 overs

India kept their winning streak intact in the 2023 World Cup but ended New Zealand's with a comprehensive victory in Dharamshala on Sunday. This was also India's first win against New Zealand in any ICC event in 20 years. India are now on top of the points table, having won all their five matches so far in the tournament, while New Zealand, who have four out of five, slipped to No.2.

ADVERTISEMENT

ICC Men's ODI World Cup 2023: Full Coverage

The Indian victory was scripted by Virat Kohli and a stunning spell from Mohammed Shami, who became the first Indian bowler to pick more than five-wicket haul in ODI World Cups. Shami played in Dharamshala only because ace all-rounder Hardik Pandya had injured his ankle during the match against Bangladesh and India needed to balance his absence by leaving out Shardul Thakur and bringing in Suryakumar Yadav.

Virat Kohli, who was instrumental in India's victory over Bangladesh a few days ago, produced another masterclass. The 'chasemaster' was in sight of his second successive ODI hundred but he fell five runs short. Like in the game against Bangladesh, the runs needed for Kohli's hundred and the runs needed for India were exactly the same. But with Kohli within touching distance of Sachin Tendulkar's world record of 49 hundreds, he fell to Matt Henry but Jadeja hit the winning runs in the same over to hand New Zealand their first defeat of the ongoing World Cup. Virat Kohli is now the leading run-scorer in this year's World Cup and that is a huge statement for a player who brushed off poor form only at the start of the year.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by ICC (@icc)

India have chased all five times in this edition of the World Cup. Rohit Sharma, who got out for a duck in India's opening match against Australia, became the first player to breach the 300-run mark in the tournament and yet again, gave the team a superb start, this time in a chase of 274. Up against one of the best pace bowling attacks in the world, Rohit Sharma was brutal against Trent Boult and Matt Henry but he dragged one on to his stumps when Tom Latham introduced Lockie Ferguson in the attack. Ferguson would strike again in his second over when Shubman Gill's thick edge carried to Daryl Mitchell at deep third man.

It was a strong start for India, mainly because Rohit Sharma has really reinvented his game. Like he did against Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh, the India captain was ruthless against New Zealand. Rohit hit 4 fours and 4 sixes in a 40-balk 46 to set the tone for India. Shubman Gill, in red-hot form this year, became the fastest to reach 2000 ODI runs but he would be disappointed with his shot-selection, especially because it was a great opportunity to stamp his authority on the World Cup, which has so far been dominated by Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli.

ADVERTISEMENT

Virat Kohli was cautious before unleashing his exquisite cover-drives. At the other end, Shreyas Iyer came in with great intent and soon derailed any hopes New Zealand had of inflicting further damage to India's batting line-up. The dew was expected to settle in quicker than at other venues and Iyer ensured New Zealand's bowlers did not find any rhythm while he was at the crease. Shreyas Iyer was looking good for a bigger knock but his stay at the crease was ended by Trent Boult's accurate short ball; the Indian No.4 has had his problems against the shorter balls and even this was one was skied without any kind of timing and control as Devon Conway completed a good catch at deep square leg.

Meanwhile, play was halted briefly because of fog in Dharamshala. It was perhaps the first time a game of cricket had to be interrupted because of mist but fortunately, conditions cleared quickly and play resumed promptly. India lost their way in the chase soon after: Shreyas Iyer was dismissed in the 22nd over, KL Rahul, who looked good in a 54-run stand with Virat Kohli, fell in the 33rd over and then came Suryakumar Yadav's tragic run-out.

ADVERTISEMENT

In the 34th over of the Indian innings, Suryakumar Yadav pushed a Trent Boult delivery to cover which was superbly stopped by Mitchell Santner. Suryakumar called for a quick single, Virat Kohli responded only to retreat; Suryakumar, on ODI World Cup debut, turned back to the striker's end but a relay throw was cleanly collected by Tom Latham who whipped off the bails. Kohli was frustrated but he had a huge task at hand.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by ICC (@icc)

Ravindra Jadeja was batting for the first time in this World Cup and it was a tall ask. Neither of these two men in the middle could afford to get out; without Hardik and Shardul, the Indian batting line-up was thin after No.7 and the onus was squarely on Virat Kohli and Ravindra Jadeja to take India home. Because of those two rapid innings from Rohit Sharma and Shreyas Iyer, the required run-rate was manageable and Kohli and Jadeja were able to steer India home to a memorable victory.

ADVERTISEMENT

India, however, did not look as sharp on the field as they have been throughout this World Cup. Mohammed Siraj dismissed Devon Conway for a duck after Rohit Sharma won the toss before Mohammed Shami struck with his first ball of the tournament. He bowled Will Young with a peach of a delivery and New Zealand, at 19 for 2 in the 9th over, had a steep job ahead of them. The early pressure was also created by Jasprit Bumrah who was exceptional again, giving just away 14 runs in his first 4 overs.

New Zealand found their saviours in Rachin Ravindra and Daryl Mitchell, who added 159 for the third wicket. Ravindra was lucky when he was dropped by Ravindra Jadeja at backward point off the bowling off Mohammed Shami. And from then on, the two Kiwi batters made the most of some sloppy Indian fielding. Mitchell also got a life when Jasprit Bumrah dropped a simple chance off Kuldeep Yadav. Rohit Sharma did nothing to hide his frustration as India's fielding nosedived. To make matters more complicated, Kuldeep Yadav had an ordinary day out with the ball. He was hit for two sixes in his first over and suddenly, one of the world's best ODI bowlers, was under pressure. India were playing with only five bowlers on Sunday and Rohit Sharma had no choice but to persist with Kuldeep. Ravindra Jadeja, meanwhile, bowled all his 10 overs in one spell and did well to keep it tidy.

ADVERTISEMENT

The pitch was slow and stroke-making wasn't always easy. At some stage, Ravindra and Mitchell decided New Zealand would be happy with a sub-300 total against a mighty Indian batting line-up. The two men were clinical and did not let Kuldeep Yadav settle in work his magic.

Kuldeep Yadav did redeem himself with the wickets of Tom Lathan and Glenn Phillips but he finished with his most expensive spell in ODI World Cups. There was little he could have done against two batters determined to attack; Rachin Ravindra and Daryl Mitchell batted with such flair that it needed a special effort from Mohammed Shami in his first match of this World Cup.

At one point, it looked like Rachin Ravindra would get to his second hundred but he fell to Mohammed Shami for 75 off 87 balls. The onus fell on Mitchell to get New Zealand to a competitive total; he took his time go move from 93 to hundred and then picked up the pace but by then, Mohammed Shami was unstoppable. Thanks to his efforts and Siraj's and Bumrah's, New Zealand managed only 54 runs in their last 10 overs.

Mohammed Shami finished with figures of 5 for 54 weeks after a five-wicket haul against Australia in a bilateral series preceding this World Cup. However, he only got to play in the tournament in India's fifth match and he stamped his class with a sensational spell. In the 2019 World Cup, Shami did played only 4 matches and grabbed a staggering 14 wickets including two four-wicket and one five-wicket hauls. After his heroics on Sunday, Shami has made it impossible for the team management to bench him again in the tournament.

India next take on defending champions England in Lucknow on October 29.

Published By:
Rounaq Sehrawat
Published On:
Oct 22, 2023
Also Read | India vs New Zealand: Mohammed Shami becomes 1st Indian bowler to claim multiple 5-wicket hauls in ODI World Cups
Watch Live TV
Follow Us On:
TRENDING TOPICS
Atishi
HMPV Virus
Stock Market Today
Stocks To Watch Today
Delhi Air Pollution
Justin Trudeau
Delhi Election Date
Earthquake Today
Budget 2025
LATEST
Delhi Election Dates
Horoscope Today
DOWNLOAD APP
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ARCHIVES
Copyright © 2025 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatoday.in/sports/cricket/story/india-vs-new-zealand-world-cup-2023-virat-kohli-95-mohammed-shami-5-for-54-script-sensational-india-win-2452396-2023-10-22 
 ----- 
