LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
T20 World Cup 2024: West Indies beat Papua New Guinea by five wickets
All-rounder Roston Chase’s unbeaten 42 off 27 balls (four fours, two sixes) stole the spotlight from the power-hitting Andre Russell (15 not out) to take the West Indies team to victory at 137 for five off 19 overs.

Updated - June 03, 2024 12:21 am IST - Georgetown

AFP
READ LATER
PRINT

West Indies’ Roston Chase plays a shot against Papua New Guinea during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Guyana National Stadium in Providence, Guyana, Sunday, June 2, 2024. | Photo Credit: AP

West Indies stuttered and stumbled before eventually scrambling a five-wicket win with an over to spare over minnows Papua New Guinea in the opening Group C encounter of the T20 World Cup at the Guyana National Stadium on Sunday, June 2, 2024.

Set a modest target of 137, the two-time former champions were undone by clever, disciplined PNG bowling, slumping to 97 for five with only four overs left when all-rounder Roston Chase’s unbeaten 42 off 27 balls (four fours, two sixes) stole the spotlight from the power-hitting Andre Russell (15 not out) to take their team to victory at 137 for five off 19 overs.

Their unbroken sixth-wicket partnership of 40 came off just three overs and denied PNG one of the biggest shocks, not just in the eight editions of this tournament, but in all international cricket given that this was just their second appearance in a world tournament, having lost all three matches in their debut appearance at the 2021 T20 World Cup.

“Based on what we saw when PNG batted, it was always going to be hard for batsmen now coming in, so I gave myself some time to have the best chance possible and back my skills to get the ball away once I got in,” said “Man of the Match” Chase, who conceded 26 runs from four overs of off-spin and also held a brilliant catch at backward point to remove PNG captain Assad Vala.

Vala led the way with the ball for the underdogs in taking two for 28 from four overs of spin after seamer Alei Nao struck at the start of the West Indies chase with the wicket of Johnson Charles first ball.

That early success fired up the Papuans despite the shot-making of Brandon King (34) and Nicholas Pooran (27).

When both fell within 11 deliveries of each other and captain Rovman Powell followed, PNG sensed an upset of monumental proportions before Chase redressed the balance when joined by Russell following the swift demise of Sherfane Rutherford.

“We were 10-15 runs short of what would have been a more competitive target but after losing so many early wickets it was still a good effort,” said Valla in reflecting on the narrow loss. “We are happy with the fight we showed in trying to defend that total. This is an opportunity for us and we look forward to the challenge to play our best cricket in tournaments and against teams like this.”

Earlier, Sese Bau’s belligerent 50 off 43 balls (six fours, one six) represented the only meaningful contribution from PNG in totalling 136 for eight after they were put in to bat. Wicketkeeper Kiplin Doriga (27 not out) and Valla (21) were the other players to get past 20 with fast bowlers Alzarri Joseph and Russell spearheading the West Indies effort with two wickets each.

“Credit to PNG because they played good cricket and their plans were simple, but at the end it was important for us to get the two points,” said a relieved Powell. “We need to be better though in all three departments of the game (batting, bowling and fielding). We weren’t quite up to the standard today that we expect of ourselves and we need to improve for the coming matches.”

Brief scores:

Papua New Guinea 136-8 in 20 overs (Sese Bau 50, Kiplin Doriga 24 not out, Assad Vala 21; Andre Rusell 2-19, Alzarri Joseph 2-34) v West Indies 137-5 off 19 overs (Roston Chase 42 not out, Brandon King 34; Assad Vala 2-28, Alei Nao 1-9)

Published - June 02, 2024 10:03 pm IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

T20 World Cup 2024 / Twenty20 World Cup

Most Popular
Yemen death sentence for Kerala woman: India adopting a cautious route in conflict-hit Sanaa
Astronomers build galaxy-sized ‘detector’ to map universe’s vibrations
Sexual assault on Anna University campus: Accused Gnanasekaran not a member of DMK, says T.N. Law Minister
BJP MLA apologises after Maharashtra women’s commission directs police to act on actor Prajakta Mali’s complaint
Revanth thanks Naidu for approving Telangana representatives’ Tirumala Darshan recommendations
Pranab's daughter seeks answers from Congress; alleges rot has set in party
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Actor Allu Arjun appears for quizzing 
Kharge, Rahul’s dissent at NHRC selection 
BJP’s outreach to Christian community 
Shyam Benegal passes away at 90 
The Hindu advent calendar 2024 
Hindu 2024 flashback 
News 
Live news 
BJP news 
Congress news 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE PREFERENCES

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 
 
Your choices regarding cookies on this site

Please choose whether this site may use cookies or related technologies such as web beacons, pixel tags and flash objects (“Cookies”) as described below. You can learn more about how this site uses these technologies by reading our privacy policy.

Your choices on this site will be applied globally. This means that your settings will be applied, by default, to other sites of The Hindu Group. You can change your mind and revisit your preferences at any time by accessing the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of this site.

We and our partners (108)

We and our partners: (108) process personal data such as IP Address, Unique ID, browsing data for: Store and/or access information on a device | Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, and audience research | Content based on limited data and content measurement | Personalised content | Develop and improve services | Use precise geolocation data | Actively scan device characteristics for identification.

Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data; instead, they rely on their legitimate business interests. View our list of partners to see the purposes they believe they have a legitimate interest for and how you can object to it.

Manage
Cookie Settings
Accept All
and Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/icc-twenty20-world-cup-2024-west-indies-vs-papua-new-guinea-in-georgetown-on-june-2-2024/article68244282.ece 
 ----- 
