SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Dyson Daniels equals Michael Jordan record as the Australian's stunning start to the NBA season continues

Topic:
Basketball

Sat 16 Nov
Saturday 16 November

Dyson Daniels continued his stunning form for the Atlanta Hawks during their clash with the Washington Wizards. (Getty Images: Kevin C. Cox)

In short:

Dyson Daniels scored 25 points and made six steals in a stunning performance for the Atlanta Hawks.

Daniels joined Michael Jordan as the only two players in history to score 15-plus points and five-plus steals in four straight NBA games.

What's next?

Daniels and the Hawks next play on Monday at 10am (AEDT).

abc.net.au/news/nba-dyson-daniels-matches-michael-jordan-record/104610158
Link copied
Share article

Dyson Daniels has continued his scoring surge with 25 points, equalling an impressive Michael Jordan streak as he helped Atlanta beat Washington 129-117 in the NBA Cup.

Coming off a career-high 28 points in Tuesday night's 117-116 win at defending NBA champions Boston, Daniels made 10 of 14 shots from the field and paced the Wizards' defence with six steals.

The Australian, recruited by New Orleans with pick No.8 in the 2022 draft, has gone from strength to strength in his first season with the Hawks.

Daniels is averaging a league-best 3.8 steals per game, with Washington's Jordan Poole next on that table.

The Bendigo product has now tallied 15-plus points and five-plus steals in four consecutive NBA games.

No other NBA player has achieved that feat since Jordan in the 1989-90 season.

Kyle Kuzma led Washington with 24 points, Poole had 22 and rookie Alex Sarr added a career-high 20 points.

Despite the trio's scoring leadership, the Wizards' NBA Cup opener was their seventh consecutive loss.

Meanwhile, Australians Josh Giddey and Ben Simmons both had quiet games while their sides suffered contrasting defeats on Saturday (AEDT).

Brooklyn lost 124-122 to the New York Knicks despite scoring 40 points in a dramatic final-quarter comeback.

Simmons had seven rebounds, five assists and four points for the Nets.

Jalen Brunson made a go-ahead three-pointer for the Knicks with 6.2 seconds left after his team had blown a 21-point lead.

Chicago were outclassed 144-126 by Cleveland, who are now 14-0 for the season.

The Cavs are the sixth team to go 14-0 and first since the Golden State Warriors opened 24-0 in 2015-16.

Cleveland's 14-game winning streak is the longest in the club's 55-year existence.

ABC Sport Daily podcast

ABC Sport Daily is your daily sports conversation. We dive into the biggest story of the day and get you up to speed with everything else that's making headlines.

Giddey scored five points and spent 15 minutes on court during the lopsided match.

In San Antonio, Anthony Davis had 40 points and 12 rebounds and LeBron James had 15 points, 16 rebounds and 12 assists as the LA Lakers opened the defence of their Emirates NBA Cup title with a 120-115 victory over the Spurs.

James had his career-high fourth straight triple-double for Los Angeles.

Davis shot 14 for 26, making two of four three-pointers, in his highest-scoring game of the season. Austin Reaves added 19 points, Dalton Knecht had 14 and D'Angelo Russell 13.

Victor Wembanyama had 28 points, 14 rebounds, five assists and two blocks for San Antonio. On Wednesday night, he had a career-high 50 points in a 139-130 home victory over Washington.

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe

AAP

Posted Sat 16 Nov 2024 at 6:04am
Saturday 16 Nov 2024 at 6:04am
Related topics

Basketball

Sport

United States

Top Stories
Fears of more deaths in LA, looters target evacuated homes

Topic:
Wildfires

Photo shows Fire burns a structure in the Pacific Palisades.
Several celebrities lose multi-million-dollar homes in Los Angeles wildfires

Topic:
Wildfires

No quick fix for egg producers struggling to fill shortage

Topic:
Poultry Farming

Jimmy Carter's state funeral sees all living US presidents sit side-by-side

Topic:
World Politics

Missing bushwalker Hadi Nazari joins list of rescued hikers who survived the bush

Topic:
Missing Person

Just In
'Please don't do this': Mother's plea before baby killed in murder-suicide

Topic:
Homicide

17m ago
17 minutes ago
Manslaughter charge after Footscray crash involving alleged stolen truck

Topic:
Crime

33m ago
33 minutes ago
Missing bushwalker Hadi Nazari joins list of rescued hikers who survived the bush

Topic:
Missing Person

36m ago
36 minutes ago
The fortune teller who may be pulling the strings on Korea's wild political crisis

Topic:
World Politics

39m ago
39 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-11-16/nba-dyson-daniels-matches-michael-jordan-record/104610158 
 ----- 
