MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Daniels continues scoring surge with 25 points as Hawks beat Wizards and move to 2-0 in NBA Cup
Updated Nov. 15, 2024 10:09 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

ATLANTA (AP) — Dyson Daniels continued his scoring surge with 25 points and the Atlanta Hawks beat the Washington Wizards 129-117 on Friday night to improve to 2-0 in the NBA Cup.

Kyle Kuzma led Washington with 24 points. Jordan Poole had 22 and rookie Alex Sarr added a career-high 20 points. Despite the trio's scoring leadership, the Wizards' NBA Cup opener was their seventh consecutive loss.

Washington is now 2-9 with both wins against Atlanta in the first four games of the season.

Coming off a career-high 28 points in Tuesday night's 117-116 win at defending NBA champion Boston, Daniels made 10 of 14 shots from the field and paced the defense with six steals.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Jalen Johnson scored 18 points with 13 rebounds and seven assists for Atlanta. Trae Young had 18 points and nine assists.

Takeaways

Wizards: Sarr, the No. 2 pick in this year's NBA draft, added seven rebounds and four steals. Atlanta's Zaccharie Risacher, the No. 1 selection, had 11 points, in the matchup of the top two picks from France.

Hawks: Forward De'Andre Hunter scored 22 points in 21 minutes in his return for Atlanta after missing 10 games with right knee injury management and personal family reasons. Risacher again started at small forward, which had been Hunter's spot. Young started after missing one game with right Achilles tendinitis.

Key moment
Here's What a New Walk-in Shower Should Cost In 2025
Enter your ZIP code and answer a few questions about your current bathroom setup.
Homebuddy|Sponsored
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.
Salt Lake City: get your Harry Potter puzzles
Experience the magic of the Wizarding World in your hands with our Harry Potter puzzles. Shop now.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Deion Sanders: NFL interest would 'only' be to coach sons Shedeur and Shilo
Backtracking a bit on his NFL interest, Colorado HC Deion Sanders said the only way he'd make the jump is to coach both of his sons.

After the Wizards took a 39-29 lead into the second quarter, Johnson's three-point play capped a 12-0 run that gave Atlanta a 54-43 lead. The Hawks outscored the Wizards 30-11 in the second period.

Key stat

Young set up Daniels for a 3-pointer early in the third quarter for Young's 4,000th career assist. Young passed Doc Rivers last season for the most assists in franchise history.

Up next

The Hawks visit Portland while Washington returns home to play Detroit on Sunday.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Dyson Daniels
Washington Wizards
National Basketball Association
Atlanta Hawks
De'Andre Hunter
Trae Young
Jordan Poole
Kyle Kuzma
Atlanta Hawks
Washington Wizards
NBA - Washington Wizards vs. Atlanta Hawks - 11/16/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/daniels-continues-scoring-surge-with-25-points-as-hawks-beat-wizards-and-move-to-20-in-nba-cup 
 ----- 
