Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Cardinals Extend Shockingly Persistent Losing Streak At Yankees Stadium
St. Louis can't find a way to win in the Bronx
Nate Hagerty | Aug 31, 2024
1974; Unknown location, USA; FILE PHOTO; St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Bob Gibson in action on the mound during the 1974 season. Mandatory Credit: Malcolm Emmons-USA TODAY NETWORK / Malcolm Emmons-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
St. Louis Cardinals

The St. Louis Cardinals have their backs against the wall as they look to overcome an extremely difficult remaining schedule to close out the season.

Friday night's interleague matchup against the American League-leading New York Yankees proved to be too much for St. Louis after recently activated Cardinals reliever Riley O'Brien gave up a gut-wrenching two-run home run to NY catcher Austin Wells in the bottom of the eighth inning to make it a 6-3 game.

That was the final nail in the coffin, as St. Louis could not score the following inning. This loss not only hurt the Cardinals' playoff chances but also extended a surprising franchise record.

"The Cardinals have yet to win a game at the current Yankee Stadium," St. Louis Post-Dispatch's Derrick Goold wrote Friday after St. Louis' 6-3 loss in the Bronx. "Their visits have been limited to four games so far, and they’re 0-4 and still looking for their first win in the Bronx since Game 5 of the 1964 World Series."

Cardinals Hall of Fame right-handed pitcher Bob Gibson gave up zero earned runs on six hits, 13 strikeouts and two walks in 10 innings pitched to help St. Louis seal its last victory at Yankees stadium.

The Cardinals went on to win that World Series four games to three and Gibson was named MVP. The two-time Cy Young recipient also helped lead the franchise to its eighth title three years later in the historic 1967 matchup against the Boston Red Sox and was nominated for the same prestigious award.

Despite losing Friday night in the Bronx, St. Louis was competitive until the end of the game, so perhaps they'll finally break the never-ending losing streak in Yankees Stadium by the end of this series.

More MLB: Cardinals Recall Former Top Prospect In Wake Of Heartbreaking Roster Move

Published Aug 31, 2024|Modified Aug 31, 2024
NATE HAGERTY

Nate Hagerty joined “Inside The Cardinals” as a content creator to spread knowledge about his favorite childhood team. A hometown native of Boston, Hagerty chose at an early age of six years old to follow the St. Louis Cardinals. The miraculous season of 04’ for the Red Sox did not deter Hagerty from rooting against his hometown team, nor did it in 2013 against the Red Birds. For all business/marketing inquiries regarding Inside The Cardinals, please reach out to Scott Neville: nevilles@merrimack.edu 

Home
/
St. Louis Cardinals News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/cardinals/st-louis-cardinals-news/cardinals-extend-shockingly-persistent-losing-streak-at-yankees-stadium-nate3 
 ----- 
