We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1467 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE
MLB
Cardinals vs. Yankees prediction, odds, pick - 8/31/2024

We're in the Bronx, sharing our MLB odds series and making a Cardinals-Yankees prediction and pick while showing you how to watch.

By 

RB Hayek

Aug 30, 2024 at 9:00 PM ET

ClutchPoints is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or in any way connected to any sportsbook. Gambling is not offered on this website in any form.

The St. Louis Cardinals will continue their three-game series with the New York Yankees on Saturday at Yankee Stadium. We're in the Bronx, sharing our MLB odds series and making a Cardinals-Yankees prediction and pick while showing you how to watch.

Cardinals-Yankees Projected Starters 

Kyle Gibson vs. Will Warren

Kyle Gibson (7-6) with a 4.54 ERA

Last Start: Gibson struggled in his last outing, lasting just 4 1/3 innings while allowing seven earned runs, five hits, striking out two, and walking four in a loss to the San Diego Padres.

2024 Road Splits: Gibson has done better on the road, going 5-2 with a 3.88 ERA over 12 starts away from home.

Will Warren (0-2) with a 9.68 ERA

Last Start: Warren floundered in his last outing, going only three innings while allowing six runs, five earned, seven hits, striking out six, and walking one in a loss to the Colorado Rockies.

2024 Home Splits: Watren is 0-2 with a 15.95 ERA over two starts at Yankee Stadium.

Here are the MLB Odds, courtesy of FanDuel. 

MLB Odds: Cardinals-Yankees Odds

St. Louis Cardinals: +1.5 (-137)

Moneyline: +140

New York Yankees: -1.5 (+114)

Moneyline: -166

Over: 9 (-122)

Under: 9 (+100)

How to Watch Cardinals vs. Yankees 

Time: 1:05 PM ET/10:05 AM PT

TV: MLB Network

Stream: fuboTV (Free Trial)

Related News
Article continues below
Timberwolves vs. Wizards prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/13/2025
9h
Spurs vs. Lakers prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/13/2024
9h
Kings vs. Oilers prediction, odds, pick – 1/13/2025
10h
Grizzlies vs. Rockets prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/13/2025
10h
Why The Cardinals Will Cover The Spread/Win

The Cardinals are clinging to life going into this one, trailing the final wildcard spot by six games. While it looks very bleak, they can still make the postseason. They need to start winning now, and their offense needs to produce.

Masyn Winn has been fantastic this season and currently leads the Cards in hits. Amazingly, his ability to get on base and set the Cardinals up for success has greatly improved from last season, where he struggled often. His teammates have referred to him as the best player in the lineup. Now, he will look to keep the momentum going.

Alex Burleson has been good this season, leading the Cardinals in home runs. Significantly, his power has made him a threat at the plate every time. Nolan Arenado is still consistent and one of the players who keeps producing. Thus, he will be a major threat at the plate. Paul Goldschmidt is not the player he once was. But he can still clobber the baseball if he finds the right pitch and will look to make some magic at Yankee Stadium.

Gibson has not had a quality start in three consecutive outings. Unfortunately, it won't be easy against this lineup. Whenever Gibson exits the game, he will turn it over to a bullpen that is sixth in baseball in team ERA. Ryan Helsley is the best closer in baseball, sporting a record of 6-4 with a 2.38 ERA with 41 saves in 44 chances.

The Cardinals will cover the spread if they can jump all over the Yankees early and build an early lead. Then, they need Gibson to bounce back and avoid making mistakes against one of the best lineups in baseball.

Why The Yankees Will Cover The Spread/Win

The Yankees are currently the best team in the American League and look to keep pushing to obtain that top seed and home-field advantage throughout the AL Playoffs. Overall, they have exceptional hitters, including one of the best in baseball.

Aaron Judge came into Friday with 51 home runs and 123 RBIs. Remarkably, he has a chance to beat his own 62-home run record that he achieved a few seasons ago. Judge is as dangerous as ever and will make Gibson and the Cardinals pay if they make a mistake over the heart of the plate. Thus, expect him to be the biggest threat in the lineup.

Juan Soto has been an excellent addition to the lineup this season. It has also helped Judge have a better season because opposing pitchers have to make the tough choice of who to pitch to. Jazz Chisholm is the newest Yankee in town and has done well over the past few weeks. Now, he looks to do more to help this offense. Giancarlo Stanton is not the hitter he once was. But he can still batter the baseball.

Warren is a relative newcomer to the Yankees' pitching staff. Ultimately, he needs to do well to stay in the rotation. When Warren finishes, he will turn it over to a bullpen that is seventh in baseball in team ERA.

The Yankees will cover the spread if their lineup can clobber the baseball and create monster innings. Then, they need Warren to pitch much better.

Final Cardinals-Yankees Prediction & Pick

The Cardinals came into the weekend with a 67-67 mark against the run line, while the Yankees are 71-63 against the run line. But the Cardinals are only 32-34 against the run line on the road, while the Yanks are 30-35 against the run line at home. The Yankees came into the weekend with a 5-5 mark against the run line over their previous 10 games. However, one of the losses was in Warren's start. We could see him struggling again. The Cardinals cover the run line.

Final Cardinals-Yankees Prediction & Pick: St. Louis Cardinals +1.5 (-137)

RB Hayek has been writing about sports for over a decade and is currently a member of ClutchPoints' Betting team. In addition, he is also a published author of thriller novels, available on Amazon.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Ben Johnson’s odds of becoming Jaguars’ head coach take hit
3 days ago
Kansas vs. Cincinnati prediction, odds, pick for College Basketball
2 days ago
Creighton vs. Butler prediction, odds, pick for College Basketball
2 days ago
Louisville vs. Pitt prediction, odds, pick for College Basketball
2 days ago
Heat vs. Trail Blazers prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/11/2025
2 days ago
Raptors vs. Pistons prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/11/2025
2 days ago
UConn vs. Georgetown prediction, odds, pick for College Basketball
2 days ago
Jazz vs. Suns prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/11/2025
2 days ago
Nuggets vs. Mavericks prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/12/2025
1 day ago
Grizzlies vs. Timberwolves prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/11/2025
2 days ago
Pacers vs. Cavaliers prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/12/2025
1 day ago
Wizards shockingly become Jusuf Nurkic trade favorites amid Suns chaos
2 days ago

The content of this article is for entertainment and educational purposes only, and ClutchPoints makes no warranty to the accuracy of the information given or outcome of any sporting event. Gambling is not offered on this website, and all betting content is intended for audiences ages 21+. All picks and predictions are based on each individual writer's opinion, and don't express that of ClutchPoints. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.

Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Update Privacy Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/cardinals-vs-yankees-prediction-odds-pick-8-31-2024 
 ----- 
