Fixtures & Results
MORE
Shop
Tickets
OneSoccer
 
Francais
FULL SCHEDULE
OCT 19 - SAT
8:00 PM UTC
1 - 0
FT
OCT 23 - WED
11:30 PM UTC
2 - 0
FT
OCT 27 - SUN
5:00 PM UTC
2(5) - 2(4)
FT
OCT 27 - SUN
8:15 PM UTC
0 - 1
FT
NOV 02 - SAT
8:00 PM UTC
1 - 0
FT
NOV 09 - SAT
8:00 PM UTC
2 - 1
FT
FULL SCHEDULE
(Photo courtesy of Concacaf)
CanMNT survive scrap with 10-man Peru, deliver first win at Copa América
2024-06-25
by
CHARLIE O’CONNOR-CLARKE, DIGITAL CONTENT EDITOR (@CHARLIEJCLARKE)
CANADA SOCCER  CANMNT
Final Score: Peru 0-1 Canada
Goalscorers: David 74′
Copa América — Group A

The Canadian men’s national team delivered a crucial big result at Copa América on Tuesday, as they fought tooth-and-nail with a very physical Peru side and came out on top. They won 1-0 thanks to a Jonathan David goal after Peru went down to 10 men in the second half, and now find themselves with a very real chance of getting into the knockout stage heading into the last group match.

Jesse Marsch made a change to his 10 outfield players for the first time in his tenure, dropping Tajon Buchanan to the bench and bringing in Richie Laryea, which in turn pushed Alphonso Davies further forward to the left side of midfield.

It was a disjointed affair in the first half hour, with neither side establishing possession or getting much of a foothold in the game. The stop-start nature of it was probably more to Peru’s benefit, as they seemed keen on preventing Canada from finding a rhythm with the ball. Still, the Canadians had a few ventures into the final third, although they couldn’t connect any dangerous passes in that area to create shots.

The Peruvians, meanwhile, grew into it steadily, and had the first great chance of the game around the 27th minute, when Piero Quispe found himself one-on-one with Maxime Crépeau at short range, but the Canada goalkeeper was able to parry the shot out for a corner. Gianluca Lapadula gave Canada another massive scare a few minutes later, when he got his head on a well-delivered free kick and put it into the net, but the flag immediately went up for offside and the goal didn’t stand.

A controversial turn just before halftime sent the Canadians into a frenzy, as Peru midfielder Marcos López headbutted Alistair Johnston away from the play, but even VAR decided it didn’t warrant a red card.

Overall, it was a disappointing first half from Canada, who struggled to threaten with the ball — particularly from their set-piece opportunities, which consistently failed to find the target. Instead, they’d allowed Peru to play into them probably more than they would have liked, and were ultimately outshot five to one in the first 45 minutes. They felt like the side that was happier to get to halftime at 0-0, needing a rest after a difficult half in the blazing Kansas City heat.

Marsch opted for drastic changes at halftime, making a triple substitution. He took out Derek Cornelius, Liam Millar and Ismaël Koné (who had given the ball away at several costly moments), instead deploying Kamal Miller, Jacob Shaffelburg and Jonathan Osorio, in a bid to shore things up in midfield and inject some of Shaffelburg’s energy into what had been a sluggish performance so far.

(Photo courtesy of Concacaf)

After about 10 minutes of the second half, something did finally break Canada’s way. Peru defender Miguel Araujo slid recklessly into a tackle on Shaffelburg, planting his studs high up the Canadian winger’s shin. This time, the referee and VAR opted to turn to the red card, as Araujo was sent off to reduce Peru to 10 men.

With the man advantage, Canada at last began to take control of the game, increasingly getting men forward and playing balls into the box. A few crosses, most of them from Shaffelburg, whipped through dangerous areas, but with nobody able to get on the end.

Finally though, the dam broke. Canada defended a Peru chance and spotted quickly that their opponents were caught with far too many up the field. Cyle Larin brought the ball down at the top of his own penalty area and immediately thumped it forward to Shaffelburg, who was already off to the races.

Rather than take on the defenders closing on him, however, Shaffelburg made a clever choice, slipping it through the line and across the field to Jonathan David, already in behind the defence. David surged forward and made no mistake, doing what he does best by slotting it low past the keeper’s right to give Canada a much-needed 1-0 lead — with the first Canadian goal of the Jesse Marsch era, as well.

When all was said and done, it wasn’t the most comprehensive win Canada have had, and it was far from a 90-minute performance. What’s much more important, though, is that it’s one of the most important wins they’ve had in recent memory.

This was an incredibly difficult game to play in. It was hot in Kansas City — feeling like almost 40 degrees Celsius — and Peru’s game plan made it even more difficult. Even though Peruvian coach Jorge Fossati had called out Canada’s physicality before the match, claiming that his side was ready to fight “with their fists” if they had to, it was his side whose aggression bordered on violent in this game.

Peru committed 17 fouls in this one but could’ve had more, particularly in the last 20 minutes or so of the match as the referee began letting more challenges go. Araujo’s red card tackle was the worst offender, but they were otherwise making their presence felt in every 50-50 challenge, especially in the first half.

Marsch demonstrated his ability to manage his squad well, particularly with that halftime triple sub, even though it might’ve been a surprise at the time. Canada desperately needed energy and cover in midfield, and that’s what they got.

Bringing Osorio on in place of Koné gave Canada better stability, because the young Watford midfielder was quite clearly off his game, perhaps struggling in the conditions or with the physicality of the Peruvians.

(Photo courtesy of Concacaf)

Meanwhile, Shaffelburg is continuing to prove he’s Canada’s game-breaker off the bench. Yet again — just as he was against France and Argentina — he was the most dangerous player on the pitch as soon as he came on. His pace is unmanageable for a tired defence, especially when Canada absorb a little pressure and break in transition. Peru getting caught so high up the field with 10 men played exactly into Shaffelburg’s hands, and he punished them for it with the assist.

“I’ll be the first to say I’m not the best player in the pockets,” Shaffelburg said in his interview on the broadcast. “I’m more in behind, running at people, so I think that fits this style of play very well. [Marsch] has been using me off the bench, it’s been a lot of fun.”

Shaffelburg added that his addition to games is only so impactful because of the work his teammates do in the first half to tire out the opposing fullbacks and defenders.

Also worth noting is how well David played in this match, getting on the end of Shaffelburg’s pass to score on the counter. He’s been quietly excellent under Marsch, mostly for the underappreciated work he’s put in defensively. The Lille forward made five tackles in this game and won 10 ground duels, leading Canada’s press from the front.

The best teams in international football are those that know how to win these types of tournament matches. It’s not always pretty, and you might not be at your best for any or all of the game, but finding a way to get the result is all that matters.

In Qatar, Canada weren’t able to do that. They haven’t often been able to do it at Gold Cups, either. This is a new era for the men’s national team though, one where it has to learn how to win at tournaments before the 2026 World Cup.

Winning a game at Copa América was an absolutely vital step for Canada’s progression, and they’ve taken it. Up next: repeating it against Chile.

Box Score
Lineups

Peru: Gallese; Araujo, Zambrano (Cuevo 79′), Callens; Polo, Peña (Carillo 79′), Cartagena, Quispe (Reyna 62′), Lopez; Flores (Santamaria 62′), Lapadula (Guerrero 70′)

Canada: Crépeau; Johnston, Bombito, Cornelius (Miller 46′), Laryea (Buchanan 66′); Millar (Shaffelburg 46′), Koné (Osorio 46′), Eustáquio, Davies; David, Larin (Oluwaseyi 82′)

Goals

74′ — Jonathan David (Canada)

Discipline

20′ — Yellow: Richie Laryea (Canada)
59′ — Red: Miguel Araujo (Peru)

CanPL.ca Player of the Match

Jonathan David, Canada

David executed well in his role especially on the defensive side of the ball, making five tackles and an interception, also winning a team-high 10 duels and drawing five fouls. Plus, of course, he scored the winner with a fantastically composed finish. It was an all-around great performance, capped off with a moment that he’s been desperate for.

What’s Next?

Group A action will wrap up this Saturday, June 29, when Canada take on Chile at Inter&Co Stadium in Orlando, Florida, while Peru play Argentina at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami, with both matches kicking off at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT.

CANPL
HOME
MEDIA RELEASES
ABOUT US
OUR PARTNERS
CAREERS
CONTACT
CLUBS
PACIFIC FC
VANCOUVER FC
CAVALRY FC
VALOUR FC
FORGE FC
YORK UNITED FC
ATLÉTICO OTTAWA
HFX WANDERERS FC
STATS
SCHEDULE
STANDINGS
PLAYER STATS
ROSTERS
DISCIPLINE & SUSPENSIONS
CANADIAN CHAMPIONSHIP
CPL CENTRE CIRCLE
CC MEMBERSHIP
CANPL.CA NEWSROOM PODCAST
CENTRE CIRCLE SUPPORT
CENTRE CIRCLE FAQ
CENTRE CIRCLE DATA
SHOP
CLUB TICKETS
CPL SHOP
ONESOCCER
SOCIAL
CPL ON FACEBOOK
CPL ON X
CPL ON INSTAGRAM
CPL ON LINKEDIN
CPL ON SNAPCHAT
CPL ON YOUTUBE
CPL ON TIKTOK
© 2024
CANADIAN PREMIER LEAGUE
READ OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
Analytics Growth Hacking
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://canpl.ca/article/canmnt-survive-scrap-with-10-man-peru-deliver-first-win-at-copa-america 
 ----- 
