SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Schedule
News
Watch
Standings
MLS Season Pass
Tickets
Store
Español
Matchday
Canada get Copa América breakthrough vs. Peru
MLSsoccer staff

Wednesday, Jun 26, 2024, 12:49 AM

Canada have their first victory and goal under head coach Jesse Marsch, defeating Peru 1-0 in Copa América Group A play Tuesday evening at Sporting Kansas City's Children's Mercy Park.

Jonathan David netted the 74th-minute winner by finishing past Orlando City SC goalkeeper Pedro Gallese, all following a counter-attack feed from Nashville SC winger Jacob Shaffelburg.

Before David's far-post strike, Peru were reduced to 10 men in the 59th minute when Portland Timbers center back Miguel Araujo was red-carded. The decision followed Video Review for a heavy challenge on Shaffelburg.

Peru nearly equalized in second-half stoppage time, but Portland goalkeeper Maxime Crépeau robbed Paolo Guerrero's dipping free kick.

Goals
74' - CAN - Jonathan David | WATCH
Three Things
THE BIG PICTURE: Was it a perfect match for the CanMNT? Certainly not, especially amid sweltering conditions. But three points are a premium after the Marsch era began with losses vs. Argentina and the Netherlands, and a draw with France. Canada now end Group A play against Chile on June 29, where a win books their quarterfinal spot at Copa América.
MOMENT OF THE MATCH: David is linked to several English Premier League teams, as evidenced by his history-making goal.

Jacob Shaffelburg with a dime to Jonathan David! 🔥

CANADA TAKES THE LEAD! #CANMNT 🇨🇦 pic.twitter.com/5CrG4dn3SO

— Major League Soccer (@MLS) June 25, 2024
MAN OF THE MATCH: Crépeau finished with four saves, further locking down Canada's No. 1 spot.

Maxime Crépeau wasn't giving this one up 💪

He makes another big-time save for Canada 🇨🇦 pic.twitter.com/CRHfywalYq

— FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) June 26, 2024
Next Up
CAN: Saturday, June 29 vs. Chile | 8 pm ET | Group A
PER: Saturday, June 29 vs. Argentina | 8 pm ET | Group A
MLSsoccer staff -
@mls
COPA AMERICA
MATCHDAY
CANADA
Related Stories
Holiday shopping: What every MLS team needs this winter
Atlanta United name Ronny Deila head coach
MLS Mock SuperDraft 2025: Predicting who teams pick in Round 1
More News
Transfer Tracker
FC Dallas acquire Shaq Moore from Nashville SC
Transfer Tracker
San Diego FC sign goalkeeper Pablo Sisniega
National Writer: Charles Boehm
Messi, Cavan & more: 10 biggest MLS moments of 2024
Transfer Tracker
Chicago Fire, Gastón Giménez mutually terminate contract
Transfer Tracker
LAFC re-sign defender Marlon
Video
2:13
WATCH: Wackiest moments from the 2024 MLS season
2:53
WATCH: Best goal celebrations from the 2024 MLS season
6:12
WATCH: Wildest endings from the 2024 MLS season
1:29
WATCH: Best tifos from the 2024 MLS season
About MLS
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Resources
Store
League Reports
Club Sites
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlssoccer.com/news/canada-get-copa-america-breakthrough-vs-peru 
 ----- 
