SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Tickets
Schedule
Club
News
Children's Mercy Park
Shop
International
Jonathan David scores as Canada defeats Peru at Children's Mercy Park for first ever Copa America win
Kurt Austin

Tuesday, Jun 25, 2024, 11:30 PM

Canada secured their first ever Copa America victory and their first win under head coach Jesse Marsch by defeating Peru 1-0 on Tuesday evening at Children's Mercy Park.

Lille's Jonathan David netted the 74th-minute winner after Peru were reduced to 10 men in the 59th minute when Miguel Araujo was red-carded following Video Review.

Peru nearly equalized in second-half stoppage time, but goalkeeper Maxime Crépeau robbed Paolo Guerrero's dipping free kick and finished with four saves to secure Canada's first clean sheet against a CONMEBOL opponent since 2001.

Canada: Maxime Crepeau; Alphonso Davies, Derek Cornelius (Kamal Miller 46'), Moise Bombito, Alistair Johnston; Liam Millar (Jacob Shaffelburg 46'), Stephen Eustaquio, Ismael Kone (Jonathan Osorio 46'), Richie Laryea (Tajon Buchanan 66'); Cyle Larin (Tani Oluwaseyi 82'), Jonathan David

Peru: Pedro Gallese; Miguel Araujo, Carlos Zambrano (Christian Cueva 78'), Alexander Callens; Andy Polo, Sergio Pena (Andre Carrillo 78'), Wilder Cartagena, Piero Quispe (Bryan Reyna 62'), Marcos Lopez; Edison Flores (Anderson Santamario 62'), Gianluca Lapadula (Paolo Guerrero 70')

Kurt Austin -
@kaustin01
INTERNATIONAL
STADIUM
FANS
SUPPORTERS
COPA AMERICA
Related Stories
Sporting Kansas City U-14s and U-13s conclude 2024 by competing in Cronos Cup in Guadalajara, Mexico from Dec. 14-20
Schedule announced for Sporting KC match-up with Inter Miami CF in 2025 Concacaf Champions Cup
How to secure seats for Sporting KC home opener against Inter Miami in 2025 Concacaf Champions Cup
Club Sites
Tickets
Club
Social Media
Corporate Partnerships
MLS
Legal
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
   
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingkc.com/news/jonathan-david-scores-as-canada-defeats-peru-at-children-s-mercy-park-for-first-ever-copa-america-win 
 ----- 
