Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
Betting News How to Bet Sportsbook Reviews Podcasts Covers Videos Covers Writers
Peru vs Canada Odds, Picks & Predictions: Davies Does His Thing on Day 6 of Copa America 2024

Canada are the only team with no points in Group A following a 2-0 loss to Argentina, but our Copa America picks believe the Canadians can pick up three points against a shaky Peru offense.

Tom Oldfield • Betting Analyst
Jun 24, 2024 • 09:51 ET • 4 min read
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

The race for second place in Group A is on, with Peru and Canada looking to push their case as they meet in Kansas City on June 25.

The Canadians enter as slight favorites in the latest Copa America odds, and my Peru vs Canada predictions expect the Canadians to build off a strong effort against Argentina and pick up the win.

Peru vs Canada picks, predictions, and betting tips

My best bet:
Canada moneyline (+132 at Betano)

My analysis
The Canadians have run a gauntlet in Jesse Marsch’s first three games in charge, with friendlies against the Netherlands and France before taking on the World Cup champions last week. 

But Marsch is slowly putting his own stamp on a talented roster, and there were some lightning counter-attacks in the first 45 minutes against Argentina. Canada could have easily walked in with a half-time lead, and I see that being a springboard for this winnable second game of the tournament.

While Peru’s physicality and Copa America know-how shouldn’t be underestimated, I give the edge to the Canadians when it comes to pace and movement. There’s no getting around Canada’s recent lack of goals, with nothing to show for 270 minutes of soccer under Marsch, but it’s fair to put the blame on the skill level of their recent opponents.

The pairing of Cyle Larin and Jonathan David is poised to stretch the Peru defense in ways Chile didn’t, and I’m bullish about the service they’ll get from Tajon Buchanan, Stephen Eustaquio, and Alphonso Davies.

Peru have even bigger concerns about their own attack. The Incas were shut out in five straight World Cup qualifiers before a 1-1 draw with Venezuela in November, and they couldn’t make a decisive breakthrough on Friday. To make Peru’s task tougher, Luis Advincula limped off against Chile — and his experience and direct running will be missed if he sits out. 

All of Canada’s efforts over the next two years will be geared towards the 2026 World Cup, and Tuesday night is an important moment on that journey. I like this price for Davies & Co. to deliver.

Alphonso Davies odds, prop for today

My best bet
Anytime assist (+460 at Betano)

My analysis
Davies troubled Argentina with some trademark bursts in the first half on Thursday, and Canada will need their captain to provide those same runs here against a stubborn Peru defense.

His understanding with Liam Millar on the left wing gives Davies license to roam forward, and these odds for an anytime assist are worth a look. With 18 assists in 48 international appearances, the Bayern Munich man knows how to deliver the key pass.

Peru vs Canada same-game parlay (SGP)

Canada moneyline

Under 2.5 goals

First-half result - Draw

+800 at Betano

These two nations have reached the point with their offensive struggles that any kind of goal will do — an own goal, a deflection, a mishit, the list goes on.

The Under on 2.5 total goals has hit in 14 of the Incas’ last 16 contests, and I see this matchup being largely contested in the midfield areas. I’ve picked the Canadians to eventually find a way through, but it would be no surprise if one goal is enough to secure the three points.

I’m also sticking with a tight, cagey script by picking the first half to finish level. That’s been a winner in all three of Canada’s outings since Marsch’s arrival.

A loss would end the Canadians’ hopes of reaching the knockout rounds, so I don’t envision them throwing caution to the wind too early. The game may become more stretched after the interval, and Canada can turn to Richie Laryea and Jonathan Osorio off the bench.

Learn how to bet a same-game parlay with these helpful tips and strategies.

The Beautiful Game Lives at Betano this Summer

Make your plays with one of Ontario's best sportsbooks, as Betano offers a wide variety of markets — and same-game parlays — covering every major national and club competition.

The game starts now!

Sign Up Now  

Learn more by reading our comprehensive Betano sportsbook review.

Peru vs Canada odds
Peru		Canada
+235	Moneyline	+140
Over 2.5 (+135)	Total	Under 2.5 (-167)
+225	Draw	+225

Odds courtesy of Betano on 6-24

Peru vs Canada game info
Location:	Children's Mercy Park, Kansas City, KS
Date:	Tuesday, June 25, 2024
Time:	6:00 p.m. ET
TV:	FS1
Weather:	Hot and humid, with temperatures in the 90s and potential for thunderstorms.

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Covers may receive advertising commissions for visits to a sportsbook or betting site.

Pages related to this topic
Best Sports Betting Sites Canada
Best Online Casinos in Canada
Soccer Betting Sites
World Cup betting sites
College football betting sites
Canada Sportsbook Promos
Women's World Cup betting sites
   
Tom Oldfield
Betting Analyst

Tom Oldfield’s sports writing journey over the past 20 years has taken him from the Premier League and Champions League to the NFL, NBA, WNBA and MLB, with a wide range of articles and betting previews. Tom has worked closely with London’s Sportsbeat sports news agency as well as (thrillingly!) covering the Toronto Raptors’ 2019 NBA championship run, and he has appeared on BBC World Service and The Back Page podcast.

A graduate of the University of Nottingham in the UK, he is the author of biographies on Cristiano Ronaldo, Rafael Nadal, Gary Neville and Cesc Fabregas, and he co-authors a long-running series of children’s soccer books with his brother, Matt.

As a regular bettor across the top sports leagues, particularly with FanDuel and bet365, he is well versed on all the major markets and the next big game is rarely far from his thoughts. The best betting advice he has received is to monitor multiple sportsbooks to grab the best possible value.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Star player prop
Same-game parlay
Odds
Game info
Popular Content
 Man United vs Newcastle Predictions & Picks for Monday’s EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 28, 2024
 West Ham vs Liverpool Predictions & Picks for Sunday’s EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 28, 2024
 Liverpool vs Leicester City Predictions & Picks for Today's EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 25, 2024
 Wolves vs Manchester United Predictions & Picks for Today's EPL Matchup
Sam Farley | Dec 25, 2024
 Tottenham vs Liverpool Predictions & Picks for Sunday’s EPL Matchup
Sam Farley | Dec 20, 2024
 Crystal Palace vs Arsenal Predictions & Picks for Saturday’s EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 20, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2024 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/soccer/peru-vs-canada-prediction-picks-6-25-2024 
 ----- 
