Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
SPORTS EVENT TICKETS
Last-minute tickets to see Lionel Messi play at MetLife Stadium: Copa America, Argentina vs. Chile
Updated: Jun. 24, 2024, 3:24 p.m.|Published: Jun. 24, 2024, 3:24 p.m.

Argentina forward Lionel Messi controls the ball during the second half of the team's international friendly soccer match against Guatemala, Friday, June 14, 2024, in Landover, Md.AP Photo/Nick Wass

By Madison Kemeny | MKemeny@syracuse.com

Lionel Messi and Argentina will play Chile on Matchday 2 of the 2024 Copa America Group Stage on Tuesday, June 25 (6/25/2024) at the MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey. The match starts at 9:00 p.m. ET.

In Matchday 1 of the tournament, Argentina came out on top against Canada 2-0, scored by Striker #22 Lautaro Martínez, assisted by Messi and Striker #9 Julián Álvarez, assisted by Alexis Mac Allister. Meanwhile, Chile reached a draw with Peru 0-0.

NY Post Sports Columnist Steve Serby talks about his current Q&amp;A article with St. John's forward Zuby EjioforNY Post Sports Columnist Steve Serby talks about his current Q&amp;A article with St. John's forward Zuby Ejiofor
Where to buy Copa America, Argentina vs. Chile tickets:

Ticketmaster has extremely limited standard admission seating available, starting at $391, but greater availability and deals are offered by Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, starting at $244.

Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.

Here’s a look at the best prices available:

Vivid Seats: Starting at $265
SeatGeek: Starting at $265
StubHub: Starting at $244

Can’t make it to the match? Stream Argentina vs. Chile on DirecTV Stream, fuboTV (free trial), Sling (half off first month), or Hulu + Live TV.

Copa America 2024 will take place in 14 cities in the United States between June 20 and July 14, 2024.

MetLife Stadium will host three matches:

June 25: Group A - Chile vs. Argentina (TICKETS)
June 27: Group C - Uruguay vs. Bolivia (TICKETS)
July 9: Semi-Final - TBD vs. TBD (TICKETS)
How to get to MetLife Stadium from Upstate NY:

Fans coming from Syracuse can reach the MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey in a little under four hours by car or roughly five and a half by public transit. Parking lots open at 4:00 p.m. and charge $40 per car.

You can find discounted travel options on Expedia, and book hotels on Hotels.com.

Can I bet on the match?

Yes, you can bet on the games from your phone in New York State, and we’ve compiled some of the best introductory offers to help navigate your first bets from BetMGM, FanDuel, DraftKings, Bet365 and more.

NEW USERS
TOP OFFER
Bet $5, Get $150 in Bonus Bets
Claim Now
T&C’s apply.
How to claim
21+ and physically present in NY. For help with a gambling problem call 1-877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369).
GET TICKETS TO YOUR FAVORITE TEAM
Harlem Globetrotters coming to Albany: Last-minute tickets
Last chance tickets to Beyoncé’s Christmas halftime show at Ravens-Texans game
Buffalo Bills NFL Playoff tickets on sale now: Here’s how to get tickets
Formula 1 Las Vegas Grand Prix: Where to find cheapest last-minute tickets
Beyoncé halftime show causes price surge for Ravens-Texans game: Where to find cheapest tickets

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About Us
Photo and Page Reprints
Advertise with us
Jobs at Advance Media New York
Contact Us
Newspaper Archives
Frequently Asked Questions
Accessibility Statement
Submit letter, commentary
Subscriptions
syracuse.com
syracuse.com Orange Sports Insider
The Post-Standard
Email Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
syracuse.com Sections
News
Weather
Business
Sports
High School Sports
Betting
Entertainment
Living
Opinion
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Mobile
Tablet Apps
iPhone, Android apps
More on syracuse.com
Videos
Sitemap
Sponsor Content
Archives
Sell your car
Post a job
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Follow Us
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.syracuse.com/sports/event-tickets/2024/06/last-minute-tickets-to-see-lionel-messi-play-at-metlife-stadium-copa-america-argentina-vs-chile.html 
 ----- 
