European Championship

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
SALE ENDS TOMORROW
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.25/week for your first year.
Subscribe now
Billed as $1 every four weeks for your first year,
then $8 every four weeks thereafter. Cancel anytime.
Already a subscriber? Log in
Offer for The Athletic subscription; current subscribers not eligible. Subscription excludes print edition. Subscription also excludes digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking or Wirecutter. Your payment method will automatically be charged in advance the introductory rate of $1.00 every 4 weeks for 1 year, and after 1 year the standard rate of $8.00 every 4 weeks. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. For subscribers in the U.S., cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. For international subscribers, see our Terms of Service for further information. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change.
Spain 5 Northern Ireland 1 – Pedri’s perfect timing and a boost for Morata in easy win
By Dermot Corrigan
Jun 8, 2024

2

Pedri’s first international goals helped Spain come from behind to soundly beat Northern Ireland in their final warm-up fixture before the European Championship.

Alvaro Morata, Fabian Ruiz and Mikel Oyarzabal were also on the scoresheet for Luis de la Fuente’s side, who fell behind to Sunderland defender Dan Ballard’s second-minute header but quickly rallied and enjoyed near-total domination of Saturday’s friendly in Mallorca.

Spain — tournament-winners in 2008 and 2012 — get their Euro 2024 campaign started against Croatia next Saturday, with Italy and Albania completing their group.

Here, The Athletic’s Dermot Corrigan picks out the talking points from a comprehensive and morale-boosting win for La Roja.

How to follow Euro 2024 on The Athletic…
Latest Euro 2024 news here
Euro 2024 fixtures and schedule
Euro 2024 team guides: Everything you need to know
Who impressed the most?

Pedri took a lot of the plaudits after Saturday’s game and the Barcelona midfielder’s double was excellently timed.

The 21-year-old was a major talking point coming into these friendlies, given that long-running struggles with injury meant he had not played at all for Spain since the 2022 World Cup.

He was influential in Wednesday’s 5-0 friendly win over Andorra, without really shining — but he made a proper impact against Northern Ireland.

Spain were still wobbling after going 1-0 down so early when Pedri picked up the ball in space in midfield. He immediately turned, carried forward and, when no defender came out to cover him, lashed a low shot into the bottom corner from 20 yards.

	Morata celebrates scoring against Northern Ireland (Rafa Babot/Getty Images)

That was the Canary Islander’s first international goal and the second came soon after captain Morata had put Spain 2-1 up with a neatly guided header from right-back Jesus Navas’ curled cross.

With the visitors’ defence now scrambling, Nico Williams burst down the left wing, and the Athletic Bilbao attacker pulled the ball back perfectly for the fast-arriving Pedri, who now had confidence to just slide a finish to the net.

Pedri even had a go for his hat-trick on his left foot from range coming up to half-time, before being withdrawn early in the second half with his job done.

And who looked off the pace?

Spain’s worst moments of their Euros warm-up games came in the opening stages. In a very sluggish start, Sunderland defender Ballard was afforded space to head in a free kick with just over a minute on the clock. As the ex-Arsenal youth-teamer rose unmarked, there was no sign of either of Spain’s centre-backs Robin Le Normand or Nacho.

Le Normand was soon afterwards booked for arriving late as Liverpool’s Conor Bradley burst into space behind the Spain defence. Pedri’s equaliser steadied things and Spain were never really in danger of losing the game, but 20-year-old Standard Liege left-winger Isaac Price caused problems by regularly getting behind veteran Navas during the first half, and skied an excellent chance to score just before half-time.

Can we expect changes before the Euros?

Real Madrid right-back Dani Carvajal and Al Nassr centre-back Aymeric Laporte, both second-half subs against Northern Ireland, will almost certainly start next Saturday’s Group B game against Croatia in Berlin.

Laporte’s leadership in the middle of the back four is hugely valued by De la Fuente and the former Manchester City man replaced Nacho early in the second half.

Who starts at left-back is the biggest call. Seven different players have had call-ups from De la Fuente since Jordi Alba retired from international football on leaving Barcelona for Inter Miami last summer. Chelsea’s Marc Cucurella and Bayer Leverkusen’s Alejandro Grimaldo played 45 minutes each in both this week’s friendlies, without either making the position their own.

	Fabian Ruiz got Spain’s fourth goal against Northern Ireland (Rafa Babot/Getty Images)

Fabian’s goal to make it 4-1 on Saturday evening, arriving late to convert a Lamine Yamal cross, means the Paris Saint-Germain midfielder is now maybe ahead of Real Sociedad’s Mikel Merino for a starting spot in midfield. Mikel Oyarzabal scoring soon after replacing Morata in the second half (the Real Sociedad captain’s fourth goal across Spain’s two recent friendlies) has him ahead of Real Madrid’s Joselu as back-up No 9.

An unknown is the condition of Dani Olmo, with the RB Leipzig playmaker not having featured in either friendly this week due to a thigh niggle. That makes it more likely that De la Fuente will choose a very attacking XI against Croatia, with pacy youngsters Williams and Yamal on either wing.

So Spain are looking good then?

Spain have now scored 10 goals across their two warm-up friendlies ahead of Euro 2024, with the games helping answer some of the questions facing coach De la Fuente ahead of the tournament.

	De la Fuente was appointed after Spain’s exit from the 2022 World Cup (Rafa Babot/Getty Images)

The 62-year-old will have been especially happy with both Pedri and Morata scoring, and with Real Betis’ Ayoze Perez and Barcelona’s Fermin Lopez earning their places in the final squad with excellent international debuts earlier this week.

Neither Andorra on Wednesday in Badajoz nor Northern Ireland in Palma de Mallorca on Saturday evening are anywhere near the level of Croatia, Italy or even Albania, but De la Fuente will surely be happy with a confidence boost for players and supporters before La Roja fly from Mallorca to their German base near Donaueschingen on Sunday afternoon.

What next for Spain?

Saturday, June 15: Croatia, Euro 2024 Group B, 5pm UK, 12pm ET

Recommended reading
Spain Euro 2024 squad guide: A teenage record-breaker and Rodri in the middle, but the scandal lingers
The 10 best European Championship teams of all time (well, kind of…)

(Top photo: Jaime Rena/AFP via Getty Images))

Dermot joined The Athletic in 2020 and has been our main La Liga Correspondent up until now. Irish-born, he has spent more than a decade living in Madrid and writing about Spanish football for ESPN, the UK Independent and the Irish Examiner. Follow Dermot on Twitter @dermotmcorrigan

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5550236/2024/06/08/spain-northern-ireland-friendly-euro-2024/ 
 ----- 
