Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Cease a beast before Padres bop back-to-back-to-back HRs
Share
Cease a beast before Padres bop back-to-back-to-back HRs
September 19th, 2024

AJ Cassavell

@AJCassavell
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

SAN DIEGO -- The Padres look postseason-ready. Dylan Cease looks Game 1 ready. And the San Diego offense looks ready to mash against just about anyone.

Cease outdueled Astros ace Framber Valdez in the series finale Wednesday afternoon -- a 4-0 Padres victory at Petco Park that featured consecutive eighth-inning home runs from Manny Machado, Fernando Tatis Jr. and Donovan Solano. They were San Diego’s first back-to-back-to-back home runs since Chris Gomez, Rickey Henderson and Quilvio Veras did so on Opening Day in 1997.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

The win secured a Padres victory in a series that felt like it might have fit better in October than mid-September.

“We beat a really good ballclub that we're probably going to be facing later on,” Machado said. “To go out there and play like we did -- and have Cease go out there and throw the ball like he did -- it's a hell of a day.”

Hmmm. Later on? There’s only one round in which the Padres and Astros could meet later on: the World Series.

“We've always understood what the goal is all year,” Machado said with a knowing smirk. “And it hasn't changed.”

Machado homered twice, including a laser off Valdez to open the scoring on the first pitch of the bottom of the sixth inning. That was enough for Cease, who worked 8 1/3 innings without allowing a run -- and might have pitched a two-hit shutout if not for a Xander Bogaerts error in the ninth.

The Padres can clinch a place in the postseason as soon as Saturday. In the NL West race, they remained 3 1/2 games behind the Dodgers, who won in Miami. On Thursday, the Padres are off, while the other six National League playoff contenders will be in action.

“Obviously, we’re paying attention,” Tatis said. “But the biggest part, for us, is winning every single day.”

Related
Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

Padres look to continue success in signing top int'l prospects

January 9th, 2025

What are Padres' plans behind the plate?

January 6th, 2025

These 12 players will be looking for big walk years in '25

December 15th, 2024

The pros and cons of 6 top SP trade candidates

December 14th, 2024

Trade fits for 5 top remaining candidates

December 13th, 2024

The Padres have done plenty of winning lately, especially as their rotation has rounded into form. Over the past eight games (a 6-2 stretch), San Diego starters have combined for a 1.12 ERA with 46 strikeouts.

Cease has been at the forefront. He was dominant in San Francisco last Friday, and he turned that dominance up a notch against Houston. Through eight innings, Jason Heyward’s clean single through the right side was the only baserunner Cease allowed.

Cease, of course, has thrown a no-hitter this season. But that featured a trio of walks. This was a remarkably efficient effort against one of the Majors’ best lineups in a game with playoff implications. Was it possible that this start was … better?

“This was great, too, for sure,” Cease said. “Sometimes you can do kind of the same thing and results vary in baseball. In terms of execution, arguably this was maybe a little bit better.

“But that one was a no-hitter. That’s a special one.”

Nonetheless, the Padres will gladly take this version of Cease with the postseason on the horizon. They’re keeping their sights set on a potential first division title in 18 years. But at the moment, the likeliest path would be a Wild Card Series at Petco Park.

And, if you’re doing the rotation math, Game 1 would fall on Cease’s turn. Surely, that’s no coincidence.

Of course, the Padres could still reshuffle that rotation, particularly if they aren’t playing for much during the final weekend of the regular season. Given the current state of the rotation, they should feel optimistic no matter who pitches.

The same holds true with the offense (raking) and the bullpen (lockdown).

“Everybody saw the level of this series, the games that we played, how everybody was just pushing to their last limit,” Tatis said. “Happy that we won this series. This is how it’s going to be in the playoffs.”

And if these two teams ended up meeting again?

“I think it would be a good World Series,” said Houston’s Mauricio Dubón. “They know who we are, and we know who they are. Good thing we play a best-of-seven in October.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

OK, then! Props to Dubón for saying the quiet part out loud and mentioning the World Series itself.

Machado, meanwhile, wouldn’t go quite so far. But he left no doubt he was thinking the very same thing.

“We're going to see them again,” Machado said. “They're a really good ballclub out there, and how we played these last few days -- it's a little taste of it.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Diego Padres
Dylan Cease

AJ Cassavell covers the Padres for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/padres-hit-back-to-back-to-back-homers-to-support-dylan-cease 
 ----- 
