Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Cease pitches into the 9th and Machado hits 2 of Padres’ 4 homers in a 4-0 win vs Astros
1 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres starting pitcher Dylan Cease adjusts his hat as he works against a Houston Astros batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

2 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres starting pitcher Dylan Cease works against a Houston Astros batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

3 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres’ Manny Machado tosses his bat after hitting a home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

4 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres’ Manny Machado celebrates after hitting a home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

5 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres’ Manny Machado, right, celebrates with third base coach Tim Leiper after hitting a home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

6 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres’ Manny Machado, right, celebrates with teammate Donovan Solano after hitting a home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

7 of 10 |  

El dominicano Fernando Tatis Jr. de los Padres de San Diego, pega un jonrón en el juego del miércoles 18 de septiembre de 2024, ante los Astros de Houston (AP Foto/Gregory Bull)

8 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres starting pitcher Dylan Cease is greeted in the dugout after exiting during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

9 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres catcher Elias Diaz, second from left, pats starting pitcher Dylan Cease on the chest as Cease exits and third baseman Manny Machado looks on, right, during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

Read More
10 of 10 |  

Houston Astros relief pitcher Kaleb Ort looks on as San Diego Padres’ Donovan Solano rounds the bases after giving up his third home run in three consecutive batters to Solano during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

Read More
BY  BERNIE WILSON
Updated 2:53 AM UTC, September 19, 2024
Share

SAN DIEGO (AP) — Dylan Cease pitched brilliantly into the ninth inning and Manny Machado, Fernando Tatis Jr. and Donovan Solano hit consecutive homers in the eighth for the San Diego Padres, who beat the AL West-leading Houston Astros 4-0 on Wednesday.

Machado homered twice for the Padres, who won two of three against the Astros and stayed 2 1/2 games ahead of the Diamondbacks and Mets for the first NL wild card. Houston came in with a five-game division lead over Seattle, which hosted the New York Yankees later.

Cease (14-11), who threw his first career no-hitter on July 25 at Washington, took a one-hitter into the ninth before Mauricio Dubón beat out an infield single to shortstop. Cease struck out Jake Meyers but then shortstop Xander Bogaerts booted Jose Altuve’s grounder for an error that allowed Dubón to take third, and that was it for the right-hander after 103 pitches.

Cease retired the first 15 Astros batters before allowing a single to right field by Jason Heyward to open the sixth. Cease then retired the side.

Cease said it was probably the third-best start of his career, following his no-hitter and his near no-hitter against Minnesota in 2022 with the Chicago White Sox. That one was broken up with two outs in the ninth by Luis Arraez, who is now his Padres teammate.

RELATED STORIES
Pitcher Luis Garcia agrees to $1,875,000 deal with Astros as he returns from Tommy John surgery
Here are the biggest contracts in MLB history
Justin Verlander and the Giants agree to a $15 million, 1-year contract, AP source says

“I remember looking up through six or seven and the pitch count was reasonable and I went up to Rueben (Niebla, the pitching coach), and said, ‘Hey, I’m going to get through the eighth and ninth today,’” Cease said. “He said, ‘Hey, just take it one at a time,’ and I said, ‘OK.’ When you get through six with a low pitch count, it’s very easy to dream about going further.”

Cease struck out five and walked none. Tanner Scott got two outs for his 21st save, completing the two-hitter.

“Just attacking the strike zone, mixing it up and relying on my defense, really,” Cease said.

Padres manager Mike Shildt called Cease “dominant. He was outstanding. Controlled counts, just a ton of life with everything. The ball was jumping. ... He was in control the whole way.”

“Dylan Cease is a special talent,” Shildt added.

Machado, who has 29 homers, lined a leadoff shot to left-center against Framber Valdez in the sixth.

Tatis, who struck out in his first three at-bats, hit reliever Kaleb Ort’s first pitch into the first row in left-center leading off the eighth. It was his 19th. Machado followed with a shot deep into the seats in left and Solano hit a liner to left, his seventh. That was it for Ort, who threw just nine pitches.

“That was awesome,” Cease said. “Talk about kind of getting some breathing room right there, it was pretty amazing.”

The Padres are closing in on their third playoff berth since 2020. Their 37-17 record since the All-Star break is the best in the majors.

“We beat a really good club out there,” Machado said. “It’s fun. We’re playing really good baseball. We beat a really good ballclub that we’re probably going to be facing later on, so to go out there and play like we did and have Cease throw like he did, it was a good day.”

Of course, if the Astros and Padres meet again, it will be in the World Series.

“We’ve been playing postseason baseball for the last month,” Machado said. “Every game counts, man. I mean, it’s fun, man. ... It’s a little taste of it. This is not over.

“We’ve always understood what the goal is all year and nothing’s changed. We’re going to continue to think that way.”

Playing in front of three loud sellout crowds at Petco Park provided an atmosphere that was “playoff-caliber, that’s for sure,” Shildt said. “All three games were nip-and-tuck.”

Valdez (14-7) went seven innings, allowing one run and five hits while striking out six and walking two.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Padres: Arraez got the day off to rest his sore left knee, which he jammed into home plate while being thrown out on Monday night. Arraez started at DH on Tuesday night.

UP NEXT

Astros: LHP Yusei Kikuchi (9-9, 4.29 ERA) is scheduled to start Thursday night in the opener of a four-game home series against the Los Angeles Angels, who will go with LHP José Suarez (1-2, 6.80).

Padres: RHP Joe Musgrove (6-5, 4.23 ERA) is scheduled to start Friday night’s home series opener against the 117-loss Chicago White Sox, who are set to go with LHP Garrett Crochet (6-12, 3.78).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18...
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles, Trump doesn't offer much sym...
As the cataclysmic wildfires rage across Los Angeles, President-elect Donald...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Iowa That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Level...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instan tly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
Charges against men accused of shooting at Black FedEx driver...
A Mississippi judge has dismissed all charges against two white men who pros...
AP News
ACLU sues Florida Gov. DeSantis for not calling special elections...
The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit accusing Florida Gov. Ron...
AP News
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Iowa: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle?
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx:Advertisement
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
Glosrity:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/astros-padres-score-cease-machado-22415d5630e569949fc02080f962dd8c 
 ----- 
