Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
GUARDIANS
Guardians play turn-turn-turn in coming from behind to beat Pirates, 10-8
Updated: Aug. 30, 2024, 11:34 p.m.|Published: Aug. 30, 2024, 10:01 p.m.
35
1/35
Cleveland Guardians vs. Pittsburgh Pirates, August 30, 2024
By Paul Hoynes, cleveland.com

CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The Guardians had just finished watching the Pirates turn Friday’s game upside down. That’s when they did a little turning of their own.

They answered a six-run inning by the Pirates with a big inning of their own on the way to an 10-8 victory in front of a boisterous crowd of over 32,000 at Progressive Field.

The win, coupled with the Royals loss to Houston, pushed their lead in the AL Central to 2 1/2 games. It was down to one game after the Royals took three out of four from Cleveland earlier in the week.

The Guards turned this game back in their favor with some finesse and big-time power. After watching their 4-0 lead turn to dust after the Pirates scored six runs in the fifth, Jose Ramirez started the bottom of the inning with a single against Carmen Mlodzinski (2-5). He stole second (No. 33) and waited for something to happen.

It did not take long.

MORE GUARDIANS COVERAGE
3 featured speakers set for 455 Club’s Hot Stove lunch
Guardians’ 2025 roster analysis: veterans, rookies and prospects — The week in baseball
Guardians fans want clarity on Josh Naylor, Andres Gimenez trades: Hey, Hoynsie

Josh Naylor, awakening at last from a second-half slumber, singled home Ramirez to make it 6-5. That’s when things really started shaking.

Jhonkensy Noel sent a two-run homer 450-feet into the bleachers in left center field. Noel’s 13th homer in 45 games left the bat at 111.2 mph and put the Guardians in front, 7-6.

“You don’t feel anything when you hit a ball like that,” said Noel, through interpreter Agustin Rivero. “You just have the sensation after you hit. It’s a good feeling.”

Andres Gimenez, who seemed to have abandoned the long ball, followed with a homer into the right field seats for an 8-6 lead. It was Gimenez’s sixth homer and first since June 20.

Oneil Cruz made it an 8-7 game with a single off Cade Smith in the sixth. The Pirates have moved Cruz from shortstop to center field and he looks a bit shaky there. But there’s nothing shaky about his swing as he went 2 for 5 with three RBI.

The Guardians added two insurance runs in the eighth, but then watched Naylor be helped off the field after he singled for his third hit of the night. The Guardians announced after the game that Naylor suffered a bone bruise on his left ankle as he was coming out of the box.

“He told me he’ll be in the lineup Saturday night,” said manager Stephen Vogt.

Emmanuel Clase pitched the ninth for his 40th save in 43 chances. He allowed a leadoff homer to Andrew McCutchen and then retired three straight to become Cleveland’s all-time saves leader with 150. He had been tied with Cody Allen.

It was Clase’s 27th straight save and his third consecutive season of 40 or more saves. He is the first Cleveland closer to have three consecutive seasons of 40 or more saves.

“It means a lot to me,” said Clase, through Rivero, “but these things come and go. My goal is to win a championship.”

It looked so easy for the first four innings.

Josh Naylor, with six hits in his last two games, put Cleveland ahead, 2-0, with a first-inning double off Pittsburgh starter Bailey Falter. Steven Kwan and Lane Thomas set the table, Kwan with a leadoff double and Thomas with a hit by pitch.

The Guards made it 4-0 in the fourth. Gimenez singled with one out and went to third on Brayan Rocchio’s single. Austin Hedges, proud of his bunting ability, delivered Gimenez with a perfect safety squeeze on a bunt to first base. Kwan followed with a single to center to score Rocchio and make it 4-0.

“That’s the beauty of the safety squeeze, you can’t defend it,” said Vogt. “Runners on first and third, they have to hold a runner on. If they vacate, we can steal. Hedgie got a good bunt down the first base line, which is what you do, and with a good runner like Gimenez at third, it’s impossible to defend.”

Cleveland has done if several times this season.

While the Guardians were building the lead, Ben Lively was cruising. He held the Pirates scoreless on three hits through the first four innings. Then a sinkhole opened on the mound a Lively fell in.

The Pirates scored six runs in the fifth inning off Lively to take a 6-4 lead. They sent 10 men to the plate and six of them reached on hits, including a two-run homer by Rowdy Tellez.

Yasmani Grandal started the inning with a single off the wall in right center. Jared Triolo flied out to center and then the inning took a turn for the worse.

Isais Kiner-Falefa sent a grounder to short. Rocchio seemed to have time to take the out at first. Instead, while charging the grounder, he tried to flip it behind his back to Gimenez at second base. It didn’t work and both runners were safe.

That sent the inning in the wrong direction.

“In that situation, in a four-run game, you want to get an out,” said Vogt. “I trust our guys to make plays. But in that situation we want to get an out.”

Cruz followed with a high chopper into right field to score Grandal and Kiner-Falefa to make it 4-2. McCutchen, just off the injured list, hit a two-run double to center to make it 4-4. That’s when Tellez sent a two-run homer to right for a 6-4 lead.

Pedro Avila relieved Lively. He restored order with two quick outs. Lively, the rock of the rotation, matched his season high by allowing six earned runs. The nine hits he allowed were a season high.

“I started rushing. I got frustrated and I let that overcome (me),” said Lively. “That’s what happens in this league. It doesn’t matter who you’re playing. If you miss a pitch, that’s what’s going to happen.”

bet365
BET $5, GET $150 BONUS
OR $1,000 FIRST-BET SAFETY NET
CLAIM OFFER
Promo Code: CLEXLM
GAMBLING PROBLEM? CALL OR TEXT 1-800-GAMBLER (AZ, CO, IN, KY, LA, NC, NJ, OH, VA) or 1-800-BETS OFF (IA). 21+ only (18+ in KY). Must be present in AZ/CO/IA/IN/KY/LA (select parishes)/NC/NJ/OH/VA. Deposit required. Paid in Bonus Bets. Bonus Bets wager excluded from returns. New Customers only. T&Cs, time limits and exclusions apply.

Pirates manager Derek Shelton was ejected in the fourth inning by plate umpire Brian Walsh for arguing after Bill McKinney was called out on strikes to end the inning.

It was the Guardians’ 38th come-from-behind win, the most in the big leagues.

Next: LHP Matthew Boyd (1-0, 2.70) vs. RHP Luis Ortiz (5-4, 3.36) Saturday at 6:10 p.m. Bally Sports Great Lakes, WTAM, WMMS, WARF and the Guardians radio network will carry the game.

If you or a loved one has questions and needs to talk to a professional about gambling, call the Ohio Problem Gambling Helpline at 1-800-589-9966 or the National Council on Program Gambling Helpline (NCPG) at 1-800-522-4700 or visit 1800gambler.net for more information. 21+ and present in Ohio. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/guardians/2024/08/guardians-play-turn-turn-turn-in-coming-from-behind-to-beat-pirates-10-8.html 
 ----- 
