Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 963 partners
Es noticia:
Matthew Stafford wife
Jayden Daniels
Jason Kelce
Magic Johnson Commanders
Arch Manning
Deion Sanders
Ryan Garcia
Pete Alonso
Roki Sasaki Dodgers
Alcaraz - Nishioka
Coco Gauff
Meghan Markle
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
IShowSpeed
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student Loan Debt
Social Security Benefits
SSI Income Limit
IRS Free File Trax Credits
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
San Francisco 49ers
Brandon Aiyuk almost left the 49ers for the Steelers-But one shocking move changed everything

San Francisco was on the verge of trading their star receiver before another deal collapsed.

Brandon Aiyuk already had his bags packed to go to Pittsburgh.LAPRESSE
LW
29/08/2024 - 21:45 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
San Francisco 49ers. Even injured, Christian McCaffrey's mind is on the game... And his coach knows it!
Pittsburgh Steelers. Russell Wilson wins QB battle, but Justin Fields still in play

The San Francisco 49ers have finally ended the Brandon Aiyuk saga. After months of speculation and uncertainty, the Niners have secured a multimillion-dollar deal with their wide receiver. However, rumors suggest that this outcome only came about because a trade deal with another team fell through at the last minute.

Aiyuk had just completed the four years of his rookie contract with the 49ers. Negotiations dragged on for months before the team ultimately decided to keep him, offering a four-year, $120 million contract, according to media reports.

Despite the happy ending, there were swirling rumors throughout the offseason that the Arizona State product was on his way out of the Bay Area, possibly heading to the Pittsburgh Steelers. In fact, just before the Niners' announcement, some insiders were speculating that Aiyuk would be wearing black and gold in 2024.

Ultimately, the rumors didn't materialize, but all signs point to San Francisco being serious about sending Aiyuk to Pittsburgh. The only reason it didn't happen was a failed deal with the Denver Broncos.

The Broncos are to blame for everything

The Athletic's NFL insider Dianna Russini revealed that the 49ers were close to closing a deal with the Steelers but wanted to secure another top-tier receiver first.

To make that happen, they were negotiating with the Broncos to acquire seven-year veteran Courtland Sutton. "They [San Francisco] offered a third-round pick to Denver for Courtland Sutton and then would've dealt Aiyuk to the Steelers, but the Broncos declined the offer," Russini explained on Twitter.

Had the deal with the Steelers gone through, the Niners would have received second- and third-round picks in upcoming drafts. Instead, Aiyuk's new contract ensures they retain a proven receiver who pairs well with quarterback Brock Purdy.

Aiyuk's numbers
MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle...
Marca
Chris Euban...
Marca

In four years with San Francisco, Aiyuk has racked up 3,931 yards and 25 touchdowns on 269 receptions. Last season was his best yet, with 1,342 yards, 75 catches, and seven touchdowns.

With nine receptions, 149 yards, and a touchdown in the postseason, Aiyuk was a key piece in the team's run to Super Bowl LVIII. His continued presence in the Bay Area ensures head coach Kyle Shanahan will have the same core of players that propelled the Niners to the big game last year.

NFL - English
San Francisco 49ers - English
Pittsburgh Steelers - English
Denver Broncos - English
Brandon Aiyuk - English
New England PatriotsTom Brady shares sweet secret from his childhood with young fans: "This is how I learned math"
Kansas City ChiefsTravis Kelce disappoints Kamala Harris: Why did the Chiefs tight end not attend the DNC as expected?
Pittsburgh SteelersSteelers' quarterback controversy ends: Mike Tomlin names Week 1 starter... and fans are divided
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Carlos Alcaraz presents his new...
Marca
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/san-francisco-49ers/2024/08/30/66d1307d22601d96368b458b.html 
 ----- 
