HOME
KUWAIT
WORLD NEWS
OPINION
BUSINESS
SPORTS
ENTERTAINMENT
CLASSIFIEDS
VIRAL VIDEOS
E-PAPER
MORE
Arab Times  Sports  

Kuwait and Iraq Play to Goalless Draw in World Cup Qualifiers

Kuwait and Iraq Play to Goalless Draw in World Cup Qualifiers

10/09/2024

Share:

Share

KUWAIT CITY, Sep 10: Kuwait's national football team played to a goalless draw against Iraq on Tuesday in the second round of the third stage of the Asian qualifiers for the 2026 World Cup.

The match kicked off with excitement, as Iraqi defender Rebin Sulaka was sent off in the seventh minute for obstructing striker Yousef Nasser, who was through on goal. Kuwait dominated much of the first half, trying to break the deadlock by creating chances from both wings, as Iraq's defense effectively closed off the central areas. Despite their efforts, Kuwait was unable to convert its possession into goals.

In the second half, Kuwait continued to apply pressure on the Iraqi defense, and a penalty was awarded in their favor, only to be overturned after a review by VAR. Iraq, meanwhile, focused on counterattacks, but Kuwait maintained control of the game. Both teams made several attempts to secure a win, but neither could find the back of the net.

Despite Iraq being down a man, Kuwait couldn't capitalize on the advantage and settled for their second point in Group 2 of the qualifiers. Iraq, on the other hand, increased their tally to four points. Jordan, South Korea, and Iraq currently share the top spot in the group with 4 points each, while Kuwait sits in fourth with 2 points, followed by Palestine with 1 point, and Oman at the bottom with no points.

Kuwait will face Oman in their next match on October 10, followed by a clash with Palestine on October 15.

E-paper
16th Dec

Airport Road, Shuwaikh

P.O.Box: 2270

13023 Safat

Tel: +965-55633290

Follow Us

Menu

Contact
About Us
Advertise With Us
© Copyright 2024, Arab Times Kuwait - All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabtimesonline.com/news/kuwait-and-iraq-play-to-goalless-draw-in-world-cup-qualifiers/ 
 ----- 
