News
Today's news
US
Politics
World
Tech
Climate change
Health
Science
2024 election
Originals
Newsletters
Life
Health
Parenting
Style and beauty
Horoscopes
Shopping
Food
Travel
Autos
Gift ideas
Buying guides
Entertainment
Celebrity
TV
Movies
Music
How to Watch
Interviews
Videos
Finance
My portfolio
News
Markets
Sectors
Screeners
Personal finance
Videos
Crypto
Industries
Sports
Fantasy
Daily fantasy
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
Soccer
College football
Show all
New on Yahoo
Creators
Games
Tech
Editions
US
© 2024
All rights reserved.
Search query
Mail
Sign in
Advertisement
Close this content
Top Stories
JonBenet Ramsey case
Antidepressant recall
‘Mattress run’ for points
Sex trafficking charges
Reward for Mangione capture
Tortured to death in Syria
New deep-sea predator
Misdiagnosed gender dysphoria
Hannah Kobayashi
LA doctor killed
Soccer fans win as Iraq-Kuwait World Cup qualifier tests post-Saddam ties
Reuters Videos
Updated Tue, September 10, 2024 at 5:05 PM UTC

STORY: For the first time in 34 years, busloads of excited Iraqi soccer fans rolled over the border into Kuwait for a World Cup qualifier on Tuesday (September 10).

They haven't been allowed at the neighboring country's events since former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein invaded the emirate in 1990.

"I can’t describe how I feel. I haven't seen Kuwait in more than 30 years. Kuwait is close to us. There were wars and problems, but God willing, the situation will get better and better."

Advertisement

"A match between brothers, God willing, and I hope that the legacy of the previous regime dies with this conscious generation, because the world has become a small village and all people have come to know that the Iraqi people are not to blame for what happened because of Saddam Hussein."

The match takes place at Jaber Al-Ahmad International Stadium in Kuwait City, with Iraq leading Group B of the region's qualifying matches for the 2026 World Cup.

Iraq has been leveraging soccer diplomacy to mend ties with Arab Gulf states, after decades of conflict.

The country ended its most recent war, against Islamic State, at the end of 2017.

Advertisement

It hosted the Gulf Cup in its oil port city of Basra last year for the first time since 1979, a milestone in regional reintegration.

Yousif Faal, spokesperson for the Iraqi soccer federation, said he hopes the rivalry, once considered the Arab world's greatest, stays on the pitch.

"It's a sporting competition, we should not insert politics into this," Faal said, adding that it's unfair to involve the young players, whether Iraqi or Kuwaiti, in old conflicts they were not a part of.

"This generation cannot pay the price of previous generations," he said.

Saddam invaded and briefly annexed Kuwait in August 1990, before being ousted by a U.S.-led coalition in the Gulf War.

Advertisement
More in World
End of the Dubai dream for Europe's drug lords?
AFP
Mysterious Cause of Massive Elephant Die-Off in 2020 Finally Revealed
ScienceAlert
Decades-Submerged Corvette Rescued from Oregon River
Backfire News
Ukrainian forces claim 'significant' casualties among North Koreans in Kursk
Good Morning America

Iraq was then placed under severe sanctions and required to pay over $52 billion in war reparations, completed in 2022.

Early on, there were tensions over whether Kuwait would allow Iraqi fans to attend the event.

But it was later confirmed that 5,000 supporters could join, with specific passport and vehicle requirements.

Despite improving relations since Saddam's 2003 ouster, challenges remain, such as issues over maritime borders.

Abdulaziz Alanjeri, founder of Kuwait-based think tank Reconnaissance Research, said Iraq must prove it has the intention to resolve the looming political issues.

But he called the match a good initiative, saying it's opened the door to discussions on Kuwaiti-Iraqi relations.

For Iraqi soccer fans, getting to see the match is already a win.

This man's banner says: "Thank you from Iraq to the Kuwaiti government and people."

Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
View comments
About Our Ads
Solve the daily Crossword
18,552 people played the daily Crossword recently. Can you solve it faster than others?
Crossword
Play on Yahoo
Advertisement
Recommended articles
Social Media Erupts as Travis Hunter’s Girlfriend Faces Backlash Following Heisman Ceremony Moment
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
Four things we learnt as Man United earn massive 2-1 victory against Man City
The Peoples Person Articles
Interactive Brokers·Ad
Try ForecastEx today!
Take a position on your predictions o...
Photo: Rashford reacts & breaks silence in four words after Amorim left him out of Man Utd squad v City
Football Today
Taylor Swift says that 49ers' Brock Purdy 'put me through a lot'
USA TODAY Sports
Finally, There’s an Official Reason for the NJ Drone Mystery
The Daily Beast
SearchTopics | Search Ads·Ad
2024 Buick Lineup Is Turning Heads
4 Things That Could Get More Expensive for Retirees in 2025 Under Trump
GOBankingRates
Manchester City 1-2 Manchester United: Player Ratings
The Peoples Person Articles
Ruben Amorim explains shock decision to drop Marcus Rashford and Alejandro Garnacho for Manchester derby
The Independent
Dexcom·Ad
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
Managing your diabetes with confid...
Social Security Changes Proposed by President-Elect Donald Trump Could Be Bad News for Retirees, According to a Recent Report
Motley Fool
Cody Rhodes Stretchered Out, Kevin Owens Gets Into Fight With Triple H After Saturday Night’s Main Event
Wrestle Zone
Aston Villa goalkeeper Emiliano Martínez makes ‘the best save ever’ in Premier League match against Nottingham Forest
CNN
PetsBoro·Ad
Meet Indestructible America's Hottest Dog Toy
The most durable plush toy made for...
Lions fans are not happy with the CBS broadcast or Tony Romo
Lions Wire
0/5 dribbles, 1/8 duels won: Mikel Arteta must now drop 4/10 Arsenal star against Crystal Palace – opinion
Football Today
“So?” – Mikel Arteta has cold response to silly Arsenal question from press
Caughtoffside Articles
Libiyi·Ad
A 70-year-old Grandmother Design ed a Bra for Women That is Popul...
WWE Provides Injury Update On Cody Rhodes After Kevin Owens Attack
Wrestle Zone
ABC News’ Trump Settlement ‘An Awful Precedent’ in ‘Bending the Knee,’ Media Pundits Say
The Wrap
Here's Why This Is The Best Jersey Mike's Sub
Daily Meal
Wallet Anti-loss Card Location·Ad
Find Lost Items Quickly [See How]
Never worry about losing your valua...
366-pound T'Vondre Sweat unleashed a devastating stiff-arm against the Bengals and NFL fans loved it
FTW Outdoors
'Drone sightings' prompt worries, but these theories could explain what's happening
USA TODAY
3 Major Retailers Who Will Raise Prices Immediately Under Trump — Tariffs Play Key Role
GOBankingRates
Dollylace·Ad
Gynecologists Recommend This Anti-sagging Bra for Elderly...
This bra revolutionized how women...
Liverpool Owner’s Wife Takes to Social Media Over Andy Robertson Red Card
Anfield Index
Patrick Mahomes and Pregnant Wife Brittany Cuddle Up at Chiefs Christmas Party: ‘Very Merry’
Us Weekly
Heisman Trophy Winner Travis Hunter and Fiancee Leanna Lenee’s Complete Relationship Timeline
Us Weekly
SearchTopics | Search Ads·Ad
2024 Buick Lineup Is Turning Heads
Dolphins WR Grant DuBose leaves field on stretcher with jersey cut off after frightening hit to head vs. Texans
Yahoo Sports
“Almost” – Pundit spots what Man Utd players did as Mason Mount came off injured vs Man City
Caughtoffside Articles
Sir Alex Ferguson Offers Honest Take on Man Utd Star’s Future Amid PSG Links
PSG Talk
PetsBoro·Ad
Meet Indestructible America's Hottest Dog Toy
The most durable plush toy made for...
Jared Goff put up one of the rarest stat lines in NFL history and still couldn’t overcome Josh Allen
FTW Outdoors
Ashton Jeanty says he 'should've walked away' with Heisman over Travis Hunter
USA TODAY Sports
ABC News settles defamation suit with Trump for $15 million
CNN
Home Value By Address·Ad
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value Of Your House Immedia...
Fantasy Football Waiver Wire: Early pickups for Week 16
Yahoo Sports
Roy Keane ‘embarrassed’ as Kyle Walker sparks controversy in Manchester derby
The Independent
These golfers survived PGA Tour Q-School to earn 2025 tour cards
USA TODAY Sports - Golfweek
Libiyi·Ad
A 70-year-old Grandmother Design ed a Bra for Women That is Popul...
Putin is desperately trying to reverse Russia’s population crisis and sees Ukraine as a solution, experts say
Fortune
After formal ACC exit notice, Florida State now says 'we never said we wanted to leave'
USA TODAY Sports
Corrupt? Man Utd fans will be livid with Mike Dean’s explanation on Hojlund penalty snub
Caughtoffside Articles
IronPulse·Ad
ED May Be Becoming a Thing of the Past for Older Men!
More than 120 House Democrats send letter to Biden urging him to ratify Equal Rights Amendment
The Hill
John Lynch's alter ego threw De'Vondre Campbell off 49ers sideline
Niners Wire
Dolphins receiver Grant DuBose hospitalized by helmet-to-helmet hit. An update on status
Miami Herald
Dollylace·Ad
Gynecologists Recommend This Anti-sagging Bra for Elderly...
This bra revolutionized how women...
BBC presenter Isa Guha in race row after describing Jasprit Bumrah as a ‘primate’
The Telegraph
Marcus Rashford: sources reveal what has gone wrong between player and club
The Peoples Person Articles
Premier League manager sacked: former Man United boss with 54.2% win percentage now favourite
Caughtoffside Articles
Camera Lens Coffee Mug·Ad
Camera Lens Mug: The Perfect Gift for Photography Enthusiasts, It...
With its realistic camera lens design...
The Chiefs' Joe Thuney showed great sportsmanship after accidentally poking Myles Garrett in the eye
FTW Outdoors
MSNBC Host Explains Exactly Why Trump Is Stacking Second Term With ‘Political Losers’
HuffPost
Travis Hunter’s Girlfriend Leanna Lenee Criticized After Reacting to His Photos with Fans at Scheduled Event: “I Just Sit Here Then?”
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
sherum·Ad
No more frequent finger pricks to test blood sugar！
The Showdown: Date, time and how to watch golf's best players battle it out in Las Vegas
USA TODAY Sports
Match Report and Player Ratings: Manchester City 1-2 Manchester United (Premier League)
City Xtra
32 things we learned in NFL Week 15: Patrick Mahomes' injury casts pall
USA TODAY Sports
A gutsy fake punt to an unlikely hero seals Navy’s upset win over Army in the rivalry’s 125th game
CNN
New footage shows officials were wrong in Week 15's Steelers-Eagles fight
Steelers Wire
Hezbollah chief says group lost its supply route through Syria
Reuters
Advertisement
Yahoo!
US
Politics
2024 Election
World
Health
Science
The 360
Contact Us
Originals
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Site Map
Follow us on
Download our app
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yahoo.com/news/soccer-fans-win-iraq-kuwait-170513984.html 
 ----- 
