Arab News Thursday .  December 12, 2024
Search
 
     
LATEST NEWS
Saudi Arabia
Entertainment
Sport
Middle-East
Syrian artist Emar Hmeid hosts first solo show in Saudi Arabia
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
France beat Belgium with Kolo Muani and Dembele goals
France beat Belgium with Kolo Muani and Dembele goals
France's forward #12 Randal Kolo Muani celebrates after scoring France's first goal during the UEFA Nations League, League A - Group 2 first leg football match between France and Belgium at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais in Lyon on September 9, 2024. (AFP)
Short Url

https://arab.news/paz2w

Updated 10 September 2024
AFP
September 09, 2024 23:58
104
     
 Follow

LYON: Randal Kolo Muani and Ousmane Dembele scored the goals as France bounced back from a home loss to Italy at the weekend by beating Belgium 2-0 in the UEFA Nations League on Monday.

	

For the latest updates, follow us @ArabNewsSport

It was not a full-strength French team that took to the field for the game in Lyon, with captain Kylian Mbappe dropping out as one of eight changes made by coach Didier Deschamps.

France lost 3-1 to Italy in Paris on Friday despite taking the lead inside 13 seconds, while Belgium came into this match fresh from beating Israel by the same scoreline.

This game was a repeat of the Euro 2024 last-16 tie which France won 1-0 in Duesseldorf thanks to a late own goal.

Les Bleus went ahead here just before the half-hour mark, Kolo Muani applying the finish after Dembele’s mishit shot was pushed out by Belgian goalkeeper Koen Casteels.

A Belgian side captained by Kevin De Bruyne could not find an equalizer and France scored again on 57 minutes thanks to a fine individual effort by Dembele.

The Paris Saint-Germain winger skipped inside from the right wing before blasting a shot into the net on his left foot.

Mbappe, Antoine Griezmann and Michael Olize were among the players who came off the bench for France in the second half, as they saw out a victory which will boost confidence after the disappointing defeat by Italy.

The Italians are on top of Group A2 with six points out of six after beating Israel 2-1 on Monday.

France and Belgium have three points apiece, while Israel are bottom without a point.

The next matches are in October, including Italy playing Belgium in Rome, and Israel meeting France on neutral territory in Budapest.

       Follow
Topics: FRANCE BELGIUM UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
You May Also Like
The New 2024 Chevy Silverado Is The Perfect Truck (Take A Look)
QueryResponder | Silverado
Trump already making waves with his foreign policy
arabnews
Incredible, the TV Box everyone is talking about. Access All Channels ?
Top Reviews Picks
Oil Updates — crude eases from highest in weeks, investors eye Fed rate cuts 
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 1977
Mbappé could face a hostile home crowd when France host Italy in the Nations League
 141
What to look out for in the UEFA Nations League
21 players advance in LIV Golf Promotions, led by Korea’s Jeunghun Wang
This group joins 28 exempt competitors for Friday’s reset second round, with the top 20 advancing to Saturday’s decisive 36-hole finale
Updated 12 December 2024
ARAB NEWS
December 12, 2024 20:20
368
     

RIYADH: A dramatic opening round of LIV Golf Promotions on Thursday saw 21 players secure their spots in the second round at Riyadh Golf Club, including Jon Rahm’s former college roommate, rising talents from Brazil and Hong Kong, and one golfer using borrowed clubs.

This group joins 28 exempt competitors for Friday’s reset second round, with the top 20 advancing to Saturday’s decisive 36-hole finale. The ultimate winner earns a coveted place in the 2025 LIV Golf League, while the top 10 will gain entry into all International Series events next year.

Korea’s Jeunghun Wang led the pack, finishing with a 7-under 64. His performance, highlighted by long putts and consistent play, put him atop the leaderboard.

“Some lucky shots went in, including some long putts, which helped me play well heading into tomorrow,” he said.

Close behind were five players tied for second on 65, while nine players shot 66. The final six players advanced by meeting the cutline of 4-under 67, leaving 43 others eliminated.

Among the standout players was 24-year-old Taichi Kho of Hong Kong, who carded a 6-under round featuring an eagle on the par-5 15th after a 355-yard drive.

Kho, who also advanced from the first round at last year’s Promotions tournament before being eliminated in the second round, emphasized the need to approach Friday’s round as a fresh start.

“Last year I couldn’t get past the fact that it was a clean reset after round 1,” he said.

“I remember last year I had a great first round as well, and I felt like I carried on some of those thoughts and feelings as I would do a regular tournament going into the second round, going into tomorrow, it’s important for me to just understand it’s a completely new day.”

Germany’s Max Rottluff, who shares a collegiate connection with LIV Golf star Jon Rahm, also shot 6-under. Rottluff credited Rahm for inspiring his career revival after nearly quitting golf in 2022. 

“We still talk quite a bit and whatnot, so it would be a dream come true to join those guys,” Rottluff said.

“I was considering giving it up back at the end of ‘22, and I spent a week with him, and that really kind of straightened out my head and went out and won two times that year on the Challenge Tour, kind of went back on a better trajectory again,” he added.

South Africa’s Ian Snyman, another standout with a 65, relished the opportunity to reconnect with LIV Golf. A former Cleeks GC player, he said: “It’s exciting. It’s something we all want to be part of. I like the team aspect.”

Mexico’s Jose Islas delivered a remarkable 66 despite playing with borrowed clubs, as his own equipment failed to arrive in Riyadh. Islas, who turned professional this year, demonstrated resilience and adaptability, even holing an eagle shot during a practice round. “It’s not about the clubs, it’s more about how I thought the shots I was going to hit,” he said.

Brazil’s Fred Biondi, the 2023 NCAA Individual Champion, and Spain’s Luis Masaveu, a former US Amateur semifinalist, also posted bogey-free 66s.

The opening round fostered camaraderie among players, with Ireland’s Mark Power, Spain’s Borja Virto and England’s David Horsey advancing together after strong performances.

Veteran American players Bo Hoag and Ollie Schniederjans also moved forward, with Hoag expressing excitement about the prospect of joining LIV Golf’s global schedule. “I think it would be fun,” he said.

       Follow
Topics: GOLF SAUDI ARABIA LIV GOLF
You May Also Like
Free IPhone14 Cellphone
TrueSearches | Search Ads
Moscow says ‘part’ of its diplomat ic personnel in Syria evacuated by plane
arabnews
The World's 10 Most Breathtaking ly Beautiful Women.
OMGIFacts
EU diplomat to make contact with new Syria leaders in Damascus
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 324
LIV Golf’s Iron Heads acquire rising Korea star Yubin Jang
 268
LIV Golf’s Herbert in charge at Australian Open, Smith two back
Dortmund to host Germany’s Nations League clash with Italy
The match will take place at the 82,000-seat home of Borussia Dortmund on March 23
Updated 12 December 2024
AFP
December 12, 2024 16:51
104
     

DORTMUND: Dortmund’s Westfalenstadion will host the second leg of Germany’s Nations League quarter-final clash with Italy in March 2025, the German FA (DFB) announced Thursday.
The match will take place at the 82,000-seat home of Borussia Dortmund on March 23, three days after the first leg at Milan’s San Siro.
In a statement, DFB sporting director Rudi Voeller said: “Dortmund is the perfect location for what is a football classic.”
Germany, who are in the Nations League knockouts for the first time, won their most recent game at the venue, a 2-0 victory over Denmark in the Euro 2024 quarter finals.
Unlike England’s Wembley and the Stade de France in Paris, Germany does not have a national football stadium, with games shared around the federal nation.

       Follow
Topics: UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE DFB GERMANY ITALY RUDI VOELLER
RELATED
 116
‘Not done yet’: Nagelsmann wants 2006 repeat for Euros hosts Germany
 1014
Croatia, Denmark qualify for Nations League quarterfinals with draws
Former F1 team owner Eddie Jordan reveals cancer diagnosis
“Way back in March and April I was diagnosed with bladder and prostate cancer, and then it spread into the spine and the pelvis, so it was quite aggressive,” Jordan said
“Some very dark days in there, but we pulled out of it, thankfully”
Updated 12 December 2024
AP
December 12, 2024 13:34
78
     

LONDON: Ex-Formula 1 team owner and media personality Eddie Jordan says he has been treated for “quite aggressive” cancer.
Speaking on the “Formula For Success” podcast which he hosts with former driver David Coulthard, Jordan said he was diagnosed this year and urged listeners to seek medical advice for any health concerns.
“Way back in March and April I was diagnosed with bladder and prostate cancer, and then it spread into the spine and the pelvis, so it was quite aggressive,” Jordan said.
In response to comments from Coulthard regarding chemotherapy, Jordan added: “Some very dark days in there, but we pulled out of it, thankfully.”
Irish businessman Jordan operated his own racing team in lower-level series before moving up to F1 in 1991, giving future seven-time champion Michael Schumacher his first race that year.
Other drivers over the years included Damon Hill, who won the 1996 championship with Williams, future Ferrari driver Rubens Barrichello and Heinz-Harald Frentzen, who was third in the championship for Jordan in 1999.
Jordan Grand Prix won four races before Jordan sold the team in 2005. Following more sales and name changes since then, the team competes as Aston Martin.
The 76-year-old Jordan also acted as the manager for car design great Adrian Newey when he left Red Bull for Aston Martin this year.

       Follow
Topics: FORMULA 1 EDDIE JORDAN CANCER
RELATED
 71
Harvey Weinstein diagnosed with bone marrow cancer: US media
 826
Ex-England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson dead at 76
Griezmann in PlayStation form has steered Atletico Madrid back on track
Griezmann and fellow forward Julián Álvarez have returned to form to lead Atletico on a 10-game winning streak
Atletico trail leader Barcelona by three points and are one point behind second-placed Real Madrid
Updated 12 December 2024
AP
December 12, 2024 18:05
74
     

MADRID: Antoine Griezmann wishes he was as good in the real world as he is on PlayStation. Based on his performances with Atletico Madrid, he must be really good on the video game.
Griezmann and fellow forward Julián Álvarez have returned to form to lead Atletico on a 10-game winning streak that has put the club back on track in the Champions League and Spanish league, where on Sunday they host Getafe with a chance to reach the top of the standings.
Atletico trail leader Barcelona by three points and are one point behind second-placed Real Madrid. Atletico and Madrid have a game in hand compared to Barcelona. The Catalan club host Leganes on Sunday, while Madrid visit Rayo Vallecano on Saturday.
Griezmann scored his sixth and seven goals in his last five matches in Atletico’s 3-1 win over Slovan Bratislava in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Álvarez scored his fifth goal in five matches.
Griezmann is a long-time fan of video games and used to make headlines for his Fortnite celebrations during that game’s hype a few years ago. The France star celebrated one of his goals at Metropolitano Stadium on Wednesday alongside Pablo Barrios and Giuliano Simeone, two of his PlayStation playing partners, imitating the moves they make on the video game.
“We play FIFA a lot and that’s the celebration we usually do when we play together,” Griezmann said. He quickly added, “We are better on the Play than we are on the field.”
Griezmann, named the man of the match against Slovan, scored his goals in the 42nd and 57th minutes, after Álvarez — who arrived from Manchester City for more than $100 million in August — put Atletico ahead with a nice curling finish to open the scoring in the 16th. Slovan’s lone goal came in the second half.
Atletico’s attack has been key for the team’s resurgence since an October loss at Real Betis in La Liga. Since then, Diego Simeone’s team have outscored opponents 30-7 across all competitions. They have scored three or more goals in each of their last five games, something that hadn’t happened since 1950, according to UEFA.
“We’ve been playing really well, and the team as a whole are performing excellently,” Álvarez said. “Everyone, even those coming off the bench, has been contributing to the team. We are on the right path, and we have to keep working this way. All the competitions are very challenging but we’ve been doing really well.”
The victory against Slovan moved Atletico to 11th place in the Champions League standings, in position to try to grab one of the top eight spots in the league phase.
“We needed the points. They were very important for us to carry on with this dynamic,” coach Simeone said. “The team is responding to the situations we find ourselves in in these games. This reflects well on the team.”

       Follow
Topics: ATLETICO MADRID UEFA CHAMPIONS LEAGUE ANTOINE GRIEZMANN
RELATED
 80
Griezmann seals superb Atletico comeback in Sevilla thriller
Green Falcons in training camp for 26th Gulf Cup in Kuwait
Herve Renard has called up 28 players in preparation for tournament from Dec. 21 to Jan. 3
Green Falcons play a friendly behind closed doors against Trinidad and Tobago on Dec. 17 at Al-Shabab Stadium
Updated 12 December 2024
KHALED AL-ARAFAH
December 12, 2024 16:46
113
     

RIYADH: Saudi Arabia’s national football team began a closed training camp on Thursday, until Dec. 20, for the 26th Gulf Cup in Kuwait.

The Green Falcons will play a friendly match behind closed doors against Trinidad and Tobago on Dec. 17 at Al-Shabab Club Stadium.

The team depart for Kuwait on Friday. They are placed in Group B alongside Iraq, Bahrain and Yemen for the tournament that runs from Dec. 21 to Jan. 3.

Head coach Herve Renard has called up 28 players.

The squad includes Mohammed Al-Owais, Ahmed Al-Kassar, Mohammed Al-Yami, Nawaf Al-Aqidi, Yasser Al-Shahrani, Ali Al-Bulaihi, Abdulelah Al-Amri, Ali Lajami, Hassan Tambakti, Muhannad Al-Shanqeeti, Sultan Al-Ghannam, Nawaf Boushal and Nasser Al-Dawsari.

Also joining are Abdulelah Al-Malki, Abdullah Al-Khaibari, Musab Al-Juwair, Abdulmalik Al-Ayeri, Mohammed Kanoo, Salem Al-Dawsari, Abdulelah Al-Hawsawi, Abdullah Al-Hamdan, Ayman Falata, Abdulaziz Al-Othman, Haroune Camara, Abdullah Radif, Mohammed Al-Qahtani, Firas Al-Buraikan, and Saleh Al-Shehri.

       Follow
Topics: GREEN FALCONS HERVE RENARD ARABIAN GULF CUP
RELATED
 843
Kuwait to host 26th Gulf Cup in December 2024
SPECIAL
 613
PHOTOS
‘Like I never left this team,’ says Herve Renard ahead of first game back in charge of Saudi Arabia
Latest Updates
Syrian artist Emar Hmeid hosts first solo show in Saudi Arabia
 500
NASA honors Algerian parks with Martian namesakes
 433
Man arrested in Saudi Arabia’s Jazan for transporting 9 illegals
 301
Escalation feared as Georgia pro-EU protests enter third week
 804
Saudi FM congratulates new EU high representative
 189
Recommended
MIDDLE-EAST
How Sednaya’s liberation exposed decades of systematic torture under Syria’s Assad regime
 2497
MIDDLE-EAST
What does Assad’s downfall mean for the millions of Syrians displaced by war?
 1222
MIDDLE-EAST
From Al-Qaeda militant to Syrian statesman: The changing faces of Abu Mohammed Al-Golani
 3842
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.com/node/2570734/sport 
 ----- 
