Skip to content
Subscribe Now
50°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Newsom says budget is balanced, will still tap $7 billion in reserves
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICSNews
Oakland rookie has shot at first big league win ruined by Twins rally
Pleasant Hill’s Trevor Larnach delivers tiebreaking RBI double to send Twins past Athletics 6-4
Oakland Athletics starting pitcher Joey Estes delivers during the first inning of the team’s baseball game against the Minnesota Twins, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Abbie Parr)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: September 28, 2023 at 6:26 AM PDT

By BRIAN HALL | The Associated Press

MINNEAPOLIS — A’s rookie pitcher Joey Estes had a shot of earning his first major league victory ruined by a blown save from fellow rookie Kyle Muller. Two innings later, the Twins’ Trevor Larnach ruined Oakland’s chance for a win.

Larnach, a former College Park High of Pleasant Hill star, broke an eighth-inning tie with an RBI double to help Minnesota rally to beat Oakland 6-4.

Estes may not have gotten the win, but the 21-year-old right-hander impressed A’s manager Mark Kotsay after allowing just three runs in 5 1/3 innings in his second big league appearance.

“I think he got some swing and miss on the fastball in the first outing,” Kotsay said of Estes, who was acquired two years ago from Atlanta in the Matt Olson deal. “Tonight, he got swings and misses on all of his stuff, which is a great sign. This kid is a competitor. You can see the way he’s out on the mound. He’s got a presence about him.”

Twins designated hitter Ryan Jeffers, who hit a tying two-run homer in the sixth off Muller, followed with a sacrifice fly that scored Larnach and Minnesota won for the sixth time in seven games.

MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA – SEPTEMBER 27: Trevor Larnach #9 of the Minnesota Twins hits a go-ahead double in the eighth inning of the game agains the Oakland Athletics at Target Field on September 27, 2023 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. (Photo by Stephen Maturen/Getty Images) 

After Max Kepler opened the eighth with his fourth hit of the game, Larnach sent a 1-1 pitch from Dany Jiménez off the wall in right field that evaded a leaping Esteury Ruiz. Pinch-runner Andrew Stevenson scored from first. It was the 41st come-from-behind win of the season for the AL Central-champion Twins (85-73).

“That’s a pretty sweet moment for him and for us,” Minnesota manager Rocco Baldelli said of Larnach. “In that inning, we had some interesting things going on. We take Kep out of the game. Normally, we’re not going to take Kep out of the game. But when you have a chance to get him out, he’s got four hits, put in a very good baserunner to do some things and then we get to hit Larnach in a good spot for him and he took advantage.”

The loss dropped the Athletics to 48-110, and Oakland became the first team to lose 110 games since Arizona and Baltimore in 2021. Also, it is the highest number of losses for the A’s since the 1916 Philadelphia A’s set a franchise record by going 36-117.

Minnesota’s Dallas Keuchel (2-1) worked 1 2/3 innings of relief and earned the win. Griffin Jax stranded a pair of runners in the ninth and picked up his fourth save of the season.

Jiménez (0-2) allowed two runs on two hits in his inning of work for Oakland, which has lost 11 of 13 games.

Former Minnesota outfielder Brent Rooker drove in two runs, including an RBI single in the fifth, to put the Athletics ahead 3-2. Oakland had trailed 2-0 early against Twins starter Pablo López.

Rookie Edouard Julien led off the bottom of the first with his 15th homer of the season for the Twins.

RELATED ARTICLES
Athletics agree to $60 million, 5-year contract with slugger Brent Rooker, per source
Timeline: The biggest Bay Area sports stories of 2024
Bay Area sports rewind: Recounting the wild ride that was 2024
Rickey Henderson’s daughter addresses reports of false funeral service
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland


FINAL LINE
López went 4 1/3 innings in a planned shorter outing in his final start of the regular season. The 27-year-old right-hander will start the first game of the playoffs for the Twins.

After coming over in the offseason in a trade with Miami for Luis Arraez, López finishes his season with a career-high 234 strikeouts, which is second in the AL to Toronto’s Kevin Gausman (237) and the most in a season for Minnesota since Johan Santana had 235 in 2007.

“After I struggled early in my career to have a full, lengthy season, I’m really happy that I’ve been able to do so in back-to-back years,” López said. “Really important to me to do it in my first year with the Twins.”

TRAINER’S ROOM
Twins: The team hosted a simulated game at Target Field on Wednesday morning with several injured players participating in hopes they’ll be ready for the playoffs. Royce Lewis (left hamstring strain), Carlos Correa (plantar fasciitis), Byron Buxton (right hamstring strain) and Joey Gallo (left foot contusion) all took part.

UP NEXT
Former A’s RHP Sonny Gray (8-8, 2.80 ERA) will start the final home game of the regular season for Minnesota on Thursday afternoon, with Oakland starting RHP Luis Medina (3-10, 5.64). Gray, who is second in the AL in ERA behind New York’s Gerrit Cole (2.63), will start the second game of the playoffs. Medina will be making his final start of his first season in the majors and hasn’t earned a win since July 18.

Originally Published: September 27, 2023 at 11:21 PM PDT
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Opinion: California plays a central role in monarch butterfly’s survival
Opinion: Please don’t privatize the U.S. Postal Service
Rubin: Trump’s Ukraine policy will show if he is a winner or a loser
Concord: Vacant Kmart site named one of the city’s first targets in rezoning push to 1,000 new housing units
Prep roundup: No. 2 Mountain View ends No. 10 Palo Alto’s undefeated run, Acalanes wins on buzzer-beater
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
Mel Gibson’s Malibu home burned as he ripped Gavin Newsom on Joe Rogan’s show
Oakland boy, 15, charged with killing man over son’s stolen scooter
Silicon Valley Congressman Khanna torches Democrats for alleged bumbling that will ‘hurt the young folks’
Newsom says budget is balanced, will still tap $7 billion in reserves

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
Oakland A’s teammates, sports luminaries mourn Rickey Henderson
From the archives: How Oakland A’s legend Rickey Henderson was molded by ‘Billy Ball’
2023
September
27
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/09/27/oakland-rookie-has-shot-at-first-big-league-win-ruined-by-twins-rally/ 
 ----- 
