MLB
Atlanta Braves
Braves: Ronald Acuna Jr. reacts to hitting hardest ball of MLB season

Braves superstar Ronald Acuña Jr. sounds off on his homer that traveled 121.2 miles per hour, the hardest-hit ball of the 2023 MLB season.

By 

Sam DiGiovanni

Sep 3, 2023 at 9:54 AM ET

Ronald Acuña Jr. loves making history. In a huge road matchup with the Los Angeles Dodgers, the Atlanta Braves superstar outfielder came to play — and get married. His latest feat after notching the first 30-homer, 60-stolen bases season in MLB history is one of the hardest hits in recent memory.

With neither team yet to strike through the first two innings, Acuña took Dodgers starter Emmet Sheehan waaayyyy deep for the only run he surrendered in his four innings of work. He hit it 454 feet to center field onto the top of the batter's eye. His 32nd home run of the season traveled 121.2 miles per hour, the hardest-hit ball of the 2023 MLB season by a good margin and the third-hardest hit home run in the Statcast era (since 2015). Overall, only five balls in the Statcast era have gone faster.

ClutchPoints
@ClutchPoints
·
Follow

Ronald Acuña Jr. hits a 121.2 mph homer! 😳 

It’s the hardest ball hit this year and is the 6th hardest in the Statcast era. 



Watch on Twitter
2:20 AM · Sep 3, 2023
38
Reply
Copy link
Read 4 replies
Expand Tweet

Acuña's blast helped the Braves win 4-2 in the 10-inning affair, securing a win in the four-game series against their biggest competitor for the National League pennant. He knew he had a mammoth home run once it left his bat, according to Jill Painter Lopez of the Associated Press.

Related Atlanta Braves News
Article continues below
MLB rumors: The Ronald Acuna Jr., Spencer Strider reason Braves are slow-playing offseason
4d
MLB rumors: Braves still expected to make additions after ‘alarming’ start to offseason
5d
4 starting pitchers Braves must sign after losing Max Fried, Charlie Morton
6d
Ex-Braves, Giants infielder makes retirement decision
2 w

“I never imagined that was going to be the exit velocity on it,” Acuña said through an interpreter, via AP. “But yeah, I hit it hard…[My teammates] asked if that was all I had, and I said, ‘I think so.’”

The second spot on the maximum exit velocity leaderboard is a three-way tie between Shohei Ohtani, Giancarlo Stanton and Acuña's teammate at first base, Matt Olson. They have each hit a ball that registered 118.6 miles per hour. The difference between Acuña and them is the same difference between them and 15th-place Yordan Alvarez.

Acuña and Dodgers superstar outfielder Mookie Betts are neck-and-neck in the race for the NL MVP. Betts has better-hitting stats and grades out better in defensive metrics like outs above average and defensive runs saves. But Acuña doesn’t trail him by much and has put together one of the most prolific base-stealing seasons in a long time. His historic production is not at all going unnoticed and could earn him some hardware.

Sam DiGiovanni is a beat writer at ClutchPoints covering the Philadelphia 76ers, with expertise covering the NBA at large as well as the NFL and MLB. The Marist College graduate previously wrote for The Knicks Wall, Philly Sports Network and Center Field Marist.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
MLB rumors: The Ronald Acuna Jr., Spencer Strider reason Braves are slow-playing offseason
4 days ago
MLB rumors: Braves still expected to make additions after ‘alarming’ start to offseason
5 days ago
4 starting pitchers Braves must sign after losing Max Fried, Charlie Morton
6 days ago
Ex-Braves, Giants infielder makes retirement decision
2 weeks ago
Braves, Angels agree to pitching trade
3 weeks ago
Braves sign veteran outfielder to 1-year contract
3 weeks ago
3 moves Braves must make to replace Max Fried
4 weeks ago
Ex-Braves star John Smoltz reacts to Yankees’ Max Fried signing
4 weeks ago
MLB rumors: Max Fried expected to sign with Yankees or Red Sox
1 month ago
Braves sign ex-Guardians reliever to deal
1 month ago
MLB rumors: Orioles, Braves among 2 teams showing interest in Nathan Eovaldi
1 month ago
1 trade Braves must make during offseason
1 month ago
Ronald Acuna Jr.
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/braves-news-ronald-acuna-jr-reacts-to-hitting-hardest-ball-of-mlb-season 
 ----- 
