Kobe Bryant’s daughter Natalia tosses first pitch on Lakers Night at Dodger Stadium

Los Angeles Dodgers honor Lakers, the late Kobe Bryant before hosting the Atlanta Braves

ASSOCIATED PRESS
SEP 2, 2023
Link Copied

LOS ANGELES (AP) — Natalia Bryant threw out the first pitch on Friday night before the Los Angeles Dodgers hosted the Atlanta Braves as the Lakers NBA franchise for which her father Kobe starred was honored.

The 20-year-old University of Southern California student tossed the ball from in front of the mound. It took one bounce and into the glove of All-Star Mookie Betts, who was handling catching duties.

A smiling Natalia hugged Betts, who wore her father’s No. 24 jersey over his uniform.

Natalia Bryant, daughter of Kobe Bryant, throws out the ceremonial first pitch prior to a baseball game between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Atlanta Braves Friday, Sept. 1, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

Bryant was joined by her mother, Vanessa, and sisters, 6-year-old Bianka and 4-year-old Capri. They all wore Dodgers jerseys. The back of Vanessa’s read Queen Mamba, a nod to Kobe’s nickname. Lakers general manager Rob Pelinka also attended.

Also Read:

USA Basketball’s Anthony Edwards has tons of confidence at the World Cup

Kobe Bryant, daughter Gianna, and seven others were killed in a helicopter crash in 2020.

Bianka gave the traditional pre-game shout of “It’s time for Dodger baseball!” with her mother and sisters at her side.

The Braves and Dodgers lined up along the first and third base sides, with the Dodgers wearing Lakers jerseys and fans chanting “Kobe! Kobe!”

As the Bryants were introduced, Vanessa blew a kiss to the crowd. Natalia carried her youngest sister before handing her off and standing alone on the field to watch a slide show of her father visiting the Dodgers clubhouse.

Natalia Bryant, daughter of Kobe Bryant, hugs Los Angeles Dodgers’ Mookie Betts after throwing out the ceremonial first pitch prior to a baseball game between the Dodgers and the Atlanta Braves Friday, Sept. 1, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

Natalia was following in her father’s footsteps. Kobe Bryant handled first-pitch duties at a Dodgers game in 2000.

Also Read:

NBA referee Eric Lewis retires; league closes investigation into burner account

The family settled into the owners’ box to watch the game, with Bianka hanging over the fence separating the seats from the field for a better look.

Fans who purchased a special ticket package received a black jersey with Dodgers and No. 8 on the front and Bryant and No. 24 on the back, the numbers Bryant wore during his 20-year career in Los Angeles.

The Dodgers presented a $100,000 check to the Mamba and Mambacita Sports Foundation, a nonprofit that provides funding and sports programming to underserved athletes.

The postgame drone show was scheduled to honor Bryant.

TheGrio is FREE on your TV via Apple TV, Amazon Fire, Roku and Android TV. Also, please download theGrio mobile apps today!

Mentioned in this article: @AP CALIFORNIA KOBE BRYANT


More About:SPORTS

You Might Like
Former President Jimmy Carter, a proponent for Black civil rights, dead at 100

By TheGrio

President Biden, Ambassador Andrew Young honor Jimmy Carter at Washington funeral

By TheGrio

The Obamas, VP Harris and King family mourn death of former President Jimmy Carter

By TheGrio

Neighbors Heard Screaming Before She Vanished In 2014 Walking To Her Godmother’s House

By Chip Chick

Former Long Islander dies running toward danger in New Orleans attack

By Greater Long Island

This Young Chef Vanished Into Thin Air In 2009, And A Strange Man Was Caught Standing Behind Her Home On The Morning She Went Missing

By Chip Chick

Weekly New Episodes
Stream Now


LEARN MORE
COMPANY
About Us
Advertise
Notice At Collection
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Do Not Sell Or Share My Information
POLITICS
Elections
April Ryan
Gerren Keith Gaynor
Ashlee Banks
ENTERTAINMENT
Film
Television
Music
Comedy
Sports
OPINION
Donna Brazile
Christina Greer
Michael Harriot
Panama Jackson
Monique Judge
David Love
Deron Snyder
Juanita Tolliver
Touré
LIFESTYLE
Business
Health
Travel
HBCU
Books
PODCASTS
Acting Up
Being Black The ’80s
Blackest Questions
Dear Culture
Judge Kevin Ross
Star Stories
TheGrio Daily
Writing Black
VIDEOS
 
© theGrio 2025 - All rights reserved
We process your personal information to measure and improve our sites and service, to assist our marketing campaigns and to provide personalized content and advertising. By clicking the button on the below, you can exercise your privacy rights. For more information, please see ourPrivacy Policy
Reject All Accept All
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thegrio.com/2023/09/02/natalia-bryant-tosses-first-pitch-dodger-stadium/ 
 ----- 
