Central Maine
Press Herald
Sun Journal
Offcanvas Menu Open
Kennebec Journal and Morning Sentinel
Subscribe
-
$2.50/week
Boston Red Sox
Sports
Portland Sea Dogs
Sea Dogs broadcasters fulfill dream by calling Red Sox game at Fenway Park

Emma Tiedemann and Rylee Pay called Monday night's game between the Blue Jays and Red Sox on NESN.

Posted August 27, 2024
Updated August 28, 2024
Travis Lazarczyk
Press Herald
2 min read
Gift article
Share
Print

Sea Dogs radio broadcasters Rylee Pay, left, and Emma Tiedemann are shown in their booth above the Hadlock Field grandstand in April 2023. Ben McCanna/Staff Photographer

Once the first pitch of Monday night’s game between the Toronto Blue Jays and Boston Red Sox was thrown, all the buildup over the last few weeks was complete, and the moment Emma Tiedemann and Rylee Pay had been waiting for was here.

“That first pitch was thrown, and I was like, oh this is happening,” Tiedemann said.

The broadcast team for the Portland Sea Dogs, Tiedemann and Pay got the call to the big leagues Monday, and were on NESN’s call of the game as part of the Women’s Celebration Game at Fenway Park.

“There was so much buildup, you try to keep your breathing level and your heart rate normal and remember, once you put on the headphones, you realize it’s just another game,” Pay said.

The duo received the invitation earlier this month, and the anticipation has built since. For game two against the Blue Jays – the first was the completion of a game suspended in June – they shared the booth with Dave O’Brien, NESN’s regular play-by-play voice for Red Sox games, and color analyst Kevin Youkilis, who throughout the game spoke fondly of his time playing for the Sea Dogs in 2003, the first season the team was affiliated with the Red Sox.

Tiedemann and Pay began splitting the play-by-play duties in the fourth inning, and stayed on the call for the remainder of the game. Tiedemann called the three-run home run sliced by Toronto’s George Springer in the top of the fifth inning around the Pesky Pole down the right-field line, while Pay called Jarren Duran’s two-run blast to center field in the bottom of the eighth.

Advertisement

Originally, the plan was for Tiedemann and Pay to call the middle three innings, but as the game unfolded, their time on the mic extended for the remainder of the game. Keep it going, a producer said to them, and O’Brien echoed the offer.

“It was super gracious of Dave to turn his mic over to us. That just shows the kind of broadcaster and person he is,” Tiedemann said.

Tiedemann is in her fourth season calling the Sea Dogs, while Pay is in her second season with the club. Last season, they became just the second all-female baseball broadcasting team, and are the only one currently active.

The day began for Tiedemann and Pay at Fenway at 11:30 a.m., when they sat in on Boston Manager Alex Cora’s first press conference of the day. They watched the afternoon game from the NESN studio situated in center field, before meeting with O’Brien, attending Cora’s pregame press conference before game two, and holding a press scrum of their own.

In Portland, Sea Dogs fans gathered at Bissell Brothers for a watch party.

 Copy the Story Link
RELATED HEADLINES
Blue Jays sweep two games from faltering Red Sox
Red Sox catcher Danny Jansen – with the Blue Jays in June – makes a bit of history

Join the Conversation

Please sign into your CentralMaine.com account to participate in conversations below. If you do not have an account, you can register or subscribe. Questions? Please see our FAQs.

Send questions/comments to the editors.

« PREVIOUS

NEXT »

RELATED STORIES
BOSTON RED SOX
The Red Sox acquired their ace, but more work needs to be done
BOSTON RED SOX
Tom Caron: Red Sox shift gears after missing out on Juan Soto
SPORTS
Tom Caron: Signing Juan Soto would show baseball the Red Sox are players again
BOSTON RED SOX
Red Sox prospect Hunter Dobbins could be factor in bullpen
SPORTS
Are Red Sox serious about pursuing Juan Soto?
LATEST ARTICLES
OPINION
Today’s editorial cartoon
NEWS
Woman injured after tractor-trailer fails to stop at intersection in Farmington
ANIMALS
Dogs need daily walks for their own well-being
COMMUNITY
Audubon to hold Jan. 15 nature talk in Camden
POLITICS
Trump team questioning civil servants about their loyalty
MOST READ STORIES
3 pets die in West Gardiner fire
Skowhegan home damaged by fire
Maine’s highest court proposes barring justices from disciplining peers
Maine youth ice hockey is losing players. No one is sure how to stop it
Augusta man arrested at Board of Education meeting
CONTACT US
About us
General Contact Information
Staff Directory
Submit a Letter to the Editor
News Tip
FAQs
SUBSCRIBERS
Subscribe
Subscriber Benefits
Subscriber Resources
Manage Your Account
Pay my Bill
Log a Delivery Issue
Subscriber Benefits
Newsletters
Access ePapers
Mobile Apps
CONNECT WITH US
Email Newsletters
Facebook
ADVERTISE
Media Kit
Contact Advertising
Help Wanted Ads
Place an Obituary
EVENTS
Community Voices
Source Maine Sustainability Awards
Maine Voices Live
NETWORK
Work Here
Pressherald.com
Sunjournal.com
Timesrecord.com
The Forecasters
Varsity Maine
Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Commenting Terms Public Notices Archive Merch Store Photo Store
© 2025 | All Rights Reserved | Kennebec Journal and Morning Sentinel
Some areas of this page may shift around if you resize the browser window. Be sure to check heading and document order.
CentralMaine.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 5 TCF vendor(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options

We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.centralmaine.com/2024/08/27/sea-dogs-broadcasters-fulfill-dream-by-calling-red-sox-game-at-fenway-park/ 
 ----- 
