BAN vs ENG
Summary
Scorecard
MVP
Report
Commentary
Stats
Overs
News
Photos
RESULT
1st T20I (D/N), Chattogram, March 09, 2023, England tour of Bangladesh
ENG
156/6
BAN
(18/20 ov, T:157) 158/4

Bangladesh won by 6 wickets (with 12 balls remaining)

Powered by Smart Stats
Win Probability
ENG 0.00%
BAN 100%
ENG
BAN
100%
50%
100%
ENG Innings
BAN Innings

Over 18 • BAN 158/4

Bangladesh won by 6 wickets (with 12 balls remaining)
Summary
Scorecard
MVP
Report
Commentary
Stats
Overs
News
Photos
REPORT
Najmul Hossain Shanto's 27-ball fifty lights path for Bangladesh to down world champions

England stutter at the death before Bangladesh batters showcase newfound aggression

Mohammad Isam
09-Mar-2023

Najmul Hossain Shanto acknowledges his half-century  •  BCB

Bangladesh 158 for 4 (Shanto 51, Shakib 34*) beat England 156 for 6 (Buttler 67, Hasan 2-26) by six wickets

"New Bangladesh" took down England in the first T20I in Chattogram, gunning down the 157-run chase in impressive fashion. The new-look side that had one player returning after eight years, one after two years and a debutant, beat the world champions by six wickets, with two overs in hand. It is very rare to see such a performance in T20Is from Bangladesh.

After Hasan Mahmud led with stingy death overs - England scored only 21 runs in the last four overs - the batters did what they are expected to do in a T20 chase: bat with purpose. But this was missing for so long in the Bangladeshi batting approach. Litton Das and Rony Talukdar, the player returning to the side after eight years, struck early boundaries, before Najmul Hossain Shanto and Towhid Hridoy kept up the pressure with a fast partnership.

Shanto made his third fifty in his last four innings, before falling for 51. Captain Shakib Al Hasan and Afif Hossain then scored the remaining runs, an unbroken 46-run stand in 5.4 overs to complete the chase. Shakib remained unbeaten on 34, clattering six fours in his 24-ball stay. Afif made 15 with two fours, one of them a classic cover drive.

But it was not all plain-sailing for Bangladesh. England got off to a great start, reaching 80 in the first ten overs.

Buttler leads powerful start

England fired off 51 for no loss in the Powerplay. Phil Salt struck five boundaries including a six in his 35-ball 38 but it was Buttler who was more punishing. He brought out all his T20 specials including the splayed-leg hoick over long-on and the slightly more open cover drive. Buttler also got his boundaries with the reverse-sweep and the back-foot punch, underlining his authority and quality as a T20 star. He finished with eight boundaries, half of them sixes, in his 42-ball stay.

Both Buttler and Salt were dropped in the sixth over. First, Nasum Ahmed dropped a return chance off Salt on 20, before Shakib dropped a sitter at mid-on with Buttler on 19. Salt though wasn't too happy with his dismissal when UltraEdge picked up an under-edge in the tenth over. Dawid Malan fell shortly afterward, when he holed out in the deep off Shakib.

Hasan triggers collapse

Buttler still was going great guns, adding 47 runs with Ben Duckett for the third wicket. But when Mustafizur Rahman removed the left-handed Duckett for 20 off 13 balls, England still had four overs in hand to put up a big total. Instead, Hasan bowled two mean overs at the death to bring Bangladesh back into the contest.

Hasan removed Buttler the ball after Duckett got out, before he dismssed Sam Curran for 6 in his next over, both to catches in the deep. Taskin bowled a strong final over, giving away just nine runs as England finished on 156 for 6. A tally of 21 runs in the last four overs was England's second-lowest in this phase of a T20I innings.

A rare Powerplay boost

It is quite unusual for Bangladesh to outscore the opposition in the powerplay, but that's exactly what happened in Chattogram. The home side raced to 54 for 2, to beat England's powerplay by three runs. The visitors didn't lose a wicket but T20 sides often don't bother about losing two wickets in the fielding restrictions.

Litton and Talukdar combined six boundaries in the first three overs before the latter missed Adil Rashid's googly in the fourth over. Shanto survived a lbw appeal in his second ball, before hitting Rashid for a boundary. Litton fell in the next over, but debutant Hridoy ensured Bangladesh finished big in the Powerplay with two more fours.

Shanto, Hridoy bring their Strikers' game Shanto and Hridoy added 65 runs in just 6.3 overs, reminiscent of their recent exploits in the BPL, playing for Sylhet Strikers. Shanto was the tournament's highest run-getter, while Hridoy got his senior call-ups for his BPL performance. They played aggressively during this fourth wicket stand against England, something that Bangladesh has missed in the middle-overs from their middle-order for a very long time.

Hridoy slog-swept Rashid for a six, before falling for a 17-ball 24, but the innings aided Shanto at the other end. The left-hander drove the ball gleefully, particularly against Mark Wood, taking him for four consecutive boundaries in the seventh over. Shanto steadied himself in the next six overs, before Wood burst one through him. But Shanto's 51 off 30 balls, and his stand with Hridoy, left an easier equation for the home side.

Hasan Mahmud
Najmul Hossain Shanto
Towhid Hridoy
Bangladesh
England
Bangladesh vs England
England tour of Bangladesh

Mohammad Isam is ESPNcricinfo's Bangladesh correspondent. @isam84

Download the 
Android
 and 
iOS
 apps for a better experience.
Get latest cricket updates on WhatsApp
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Interest-Based Ads
|
Feedback
© 2025 ESPN Sports Media Ltd. All rights reserved
Home
Matches
Series
Videos
News
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espncricinfo.com/series/england-in-bangladesh-2022-23-1351394/bangladesh-vs-england-1st-t20i-1351400/match-report 
 ----- 
