CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Cricket
Najmul powers Bangladesh to T20 upset over England

Published: 09 Mar 2023 - 05:07 pm | Last Updated: 09 Mar 2023 - 05:09 pm

Bangladesh's Najmul Hossain Shanto plays a shot during the first Twenty20 international cricket match between Bangladesh and England at the Zahur Ahmed Chowdhury Stadium in Chittagong on March 9, 2023. (Photo by Munir uz ZAMAN / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
AFP

Chittagong, Bangladesh: Najmul Hossain hit 51 off 30 balls as Bangladesh held their nerve to beat world champions England by six wickets in the first Twenty20 international in Chittagong on Thursday.

Najmul's third T20I fifty guided Bangladesh to 158-4 in 18 overs after the hosts held England to 156-6, despite skipper Jos Buttler making 67 off 42 balls.

"Bangladesh finished the innings really well. We were in a position to really kick on and launch at the end, but we couldn't manage to get away," said Buttler.

"We were probably 20 short with our score and we had to chase a little bit in the field."

Buttler put on 80 runs with Phil Salt in their opening partnership after the hosts put England in to bat first.

But England crumbled after Buttler's fourth-wicket dismissal and managed just 21 runs in the last five overs.

Pace bowler Hasan Mahmud, who forced Buttler to give a catch at long-on in the 16th over, finished with 2-26.

Bangladesh got off to a positive start as Rony Talukdar (21) and Liton Das (12) put on 33 in their opening partnership.

Adil Rashid bowled Talukdar to break the stand and Jofra Archer soon removed Liton.

But Najmul and debutant Towhid Hridoy added 65 runs for the third wicket to put Bangladesh in control.

Moeen Ali ended their partnership by getting rid of Hridoy for 24 after Najmul raced to his fifty off 27 balls.

Mark Wood bowled Najmul for some small revenge after conceding fours to the left-hander off each of his first four balls.

Shakib Al Hasan denied England further momentum and drove home the win with a boundary off Chris Jordan to stay 34 not out.

Afif Hossain was not out for 15 at the other end as the duo added 46 runs in their unbroken fifth wicket stand.

"The way we approached the game was fantastic, can't ask more from our team," Bangladesh skipper Shakib said.

"When we were bowling, we were under the pump but no one panicked."

Salt was the first England batsman dismissed after making 38 off 35 balls when he connected the bottom edge off a Nasum Ahmed delivery.

Nasum was unlucky in failing to dismiss Buttler on 19 when Shakib missed a high catch at mid-off.

Shakib compensated by removing Dawid Malan for four before Mustafizur Rahman bowled Ben Duckett for 20.

This was the first T20 for England since winning the World Cup in Australia in November.

The hosts and England had previously played only one T20I against each other, which England won by eight wickets at the 2021 World Cup.

The remaining two matches of the series will be played in Dhaka on March 12 and 14.
 

Tennis
Osaka into first final since 2022 ahead of Australian Open
Djokovic Australian Open preparations take hit with loss to Opelka
Djokovic, Sabalenka into Brisbane quarters as rising stars impress
Navarro stunned by wildcard as Djokovic-Kyrgios doubles run ends
Rally
Nasser Al Attiyah takes 3rd place in Dakar Rally preliminary stage
Sainz set to step out of comfort zone to defend Dakar Rally title
Al Attiyah eyes sixth crown as stage set for 47th Dakar Rally
Qatar International Baja: Al Attiyah and Moreno snatch lead with Prologue success

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Apple agrees to $95 mn deal to settle Siri eavesdropping suit
Department of Meteorology warns of strong wind, high sea
Czech Republic reopens Damascus embassy
Israeli occupation army threatens to bomb Gaza's Al Awda Hospital
Lost boy survives five days in Zimbabwe park teeming with lions
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
Spinning a tune: Chinese scientist names new spider species after pop songs
Series of earthquakes rattle Ethiopia, triggering evacuations
Qatar Calendar kicks off 2025 with diverse schedule of events
AI expected to star at CES gadget extravaganza
Doha Today
Aligarh alumni association celebrates Sir Syed Day
ICC holds condolence meeting in honour of Indian ex-PM
LOT - The Value Shop opens at LuLu Hypermarket, Barwa Madinatna
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2025   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/09/03/2023/najmul-powers-bangladesh-to-t20-upset-over-england 
 ----- 
