  
Home
County Hub
Magazine
Shop
Jobs In Cricket
SUBSCRIBE
Where to watch India v Australia: live stream 2023 Test series, TV channels, dates, start times

Australia look to finish a remarkable comeback by levelling the Border-Gavaskar Trophy series. Watch every moment with our guide on live streaming India v Australia, including schedule, start times, squads, team news and TV channels around the world

The Cricketer | 07/03/2023 at 06:00

Watch India v Australia 4th Test | 9-13 March 2023 | UK live stream: Watch on BT Sport

Australia look to pull off a remarkable comeback by levelling the Border-Gavaskar Trophy series at 2-2 in Ahmedabad.

Any Test betweenn these two enemies is woth watching - here we explain how to watch India v Australia live streams in the UK, playing countries and further afield.

India v Australia start times

Every day of each of the four Tests is scheduled to start at 9.30am IST. That's 3.00pm AEDT in Australia.

If you're watching in the UK and want to watch India v Australia, then play starts at 4.00am GMT each morning on BT Sport.

For cricket fans in the US, play commences at 11pm ET / 8pm PT each and can be streamed on ESPN+.

Please note that when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission

Where to watch India v Australia: UK live stream

India v Australia is being shown by BT Sport in the UK (jumping around between BT Sport 1 and 2). Coverage commences at 3.30am GMT, half-an-hour before play starts.

BT Sport is available as a standalone TV package or as an add-on for TV plans from the likes of Sky and Virgin Media.

If you don't want to commit to an expensive long term plan, you could alternatively choose a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This gives you all the BT Sport channels - including coverage of the Test cricket, Premier League and European football, Champions Cup rugby, UFC, boxing and more - for just £29.99 a month.

You can watch BT Sport on pretty much any device you can think of, including Apple, Android, Amazon Fire, Smart TVS, Roku and games consoles.

Click here to watch the cricket on BT Sport

India's former captain Virat Kohli being handed the Border-Gavaskar Trophy by Australian great Allan Border in 2019 [DAVID GRAY/AFP via Getty Images]

Where to watch India v Australia: India live stream

Star Sports is the place to watch the India v Australia Test series. Each day of every Test starts at 9.30am IST.

Action will be shown across Star Sports 1, Star Sports 1HD and the full range of mult-language channels, including Star Sports 1 Hindi, Tamil, Telugu and Kannada.

For anybody watching on the go, you can live stream India v Australia via the Disney+ Hotstar app. Prices for Hotstar Mobile start at ₹149 for three months or ₹499 annually, with prices rising if you want a package that also lets you watch on streaming apps for your TV.

Where to watch Australia v India: Australia live stream

Unfortunately, India v Australia live streams won't appear on free-to-air TV in Australia. Instead, you'll need access to Fox Sport, with sport packages starting at $79 a month.

This games will be broadcast on Fox Cricket 501, with play scheduled to start at 3pm AEDT of every day of the series.

Don't have a TV package with Fox? Specialist sports streamer Kayo Sports will also stream India v Australia, with prices starting at $25 a month. Plus you can try Kayo for free with a 7-day trial.

Where to watch India v Australia: US live stream

To watch in the US, you'll need to be tuned in at 11.00pm ET / 8.00pm PT on each day of the series - with the 3rd Test starting on the evening of Tuesday, February 28.

If you're watching on your TV, then specialist cricket streamer Willow has live coverage. But you can only watch on Willow if you have it as part of your cable plan (e.g. Dish, Spectrum, Xfinity) or the OTT streaming service Sling TV. It will not be available to watch via Willow's own digital apps.

The best option for watching this series online then is via ESPN+ and its app that's available on a wide range of platforms. The specialist sports streaming service costs $9.99 a month or $99.99 a year, and carries a growing number of sports including exclusive action from MLB, NHL, NFL, PGA golf, UFC, college football, college basketball, international soccer, competitions and grand slam tennis.

You can also add ESPN+ to a bundle package with Disney+ and Hulu, with prices starting at $12.99 a month.

Click to watch the cricket now on ESPN+

Where to watch India v Australia: New Zealand live stream

Coverage of the Baggy Greens in India will be shown on Sky Sport 3 in New Zealand at 5pm NZT each day.

If you don't already have Sky Sport, then you can get started for around $60 per month. Or get a temporary Sky Sport Now pass from $19.99. Either option allows you to watch on your mobile or tablet via the Sky Go app, too.

How to live stream India v Australia from abroad

If you're abroad at the moment and try to watch an India v Australia live stream from your country's broadcaster, you'll likely be blocked from doing so.

In order to watch the streaming service you pay for when travelling overseas, one option is to use a Virtual Private Network (VPN). This software allows your laptop, phone, tablet or streaming device to appear as if it's back in your home country.

Providers ExpressVPN and NordVPN are generally considered to be two of the best VPN services available, with excellent reputations for their ease-of-use, security and ability to unblock most streaming services.

Use a VPN now to watch India v Australia coverage overseas

India and Australia captains Rohit Sharma and Pat Cummins [Robert Cianflone/Getty Images]

India v Australia Test series dates schedule and venues

1st Test: 9-13 February at Vidarbha Cricket Association Stadium, Nagpur - India won by an innings an 132 runs

2nd Test: 17-21 February - India won by six wickets

3rd Test: 1-5 March - Australia won by nine wickets

4th Test: 9-13 March at Narendra Modi Stadium, Ahmedabad - 9.30am local time (4.00am GMT)

India Test squad

Rohit Sharma (c), KL Rahul, Shubman Gill, Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli, Shreyas Iyer, KS Bharat (wk), Ishan Kishan (wk), Ravi Ashwin, Axar Patel, Kuldeep Yadav, Ravindra Jadeja, Mohammad Shami, Mohammed Siraj, Umesh Yadav, Jaydev Unadkat, Suryakumar Yadav

Australia Test squad

Pat Cummins (c), Ashton Agar, Scott Boland, Alex Carey (wk), Cameron Green, Josh Hazlewood, Peter Handscomb, Travis Head, Usman Khawaja, Matthew Kuhnemann, Marnus Labuschagne, Nathan Lyon, Lance Morris, Todd Murphy, Matthew Renshaw, Steve Smith, Mitchell Starc, David Warner

Related Topics
India v Australia, Test series 2023: All you need to know
India v Australia Test combined XI: Virat Kohli and Pat Cummins... but who completes the XI?

 Share
Comments
Your name
Your email


Your comment ....
POST COMMENT 

Posted by Anil Waghmode on 07/06/2023 at 09:39

Ind vs aus

THE CRICKETER NEWSLETTER
Get all the latest cricket news to your inbox, twice a week
SIGN UP
LATEST NEWS
Ryan Rickelton makes South Africa's first double-century in nine years

International | Oscar Ress

Sydney Thunder batter likely to miss rest of Big Bash after collision with teammate

International | Oscar Ress

An incredible Big Bash League catch to future England captains - it's the Weekly Quiz

Quizzes | Tom Canning

Sydney Thunder pair "conscious and talking" after collision during Big Bash game

International | Oscar Ress

How cricket maxed out: The rise and fall of Martin Crowe's T20 forerunner

Features | Neil Squires

Kent re-sign Australian quick for T20 Blast

County Cricket | Nick Friend

The outground champion, county scorer, and Scottish Lord's final winner: Cricket's New Year Honour recipients

News | David Sharman

Nottinghamshire opener becomes first Englishman to reach T20 batting milestone

International | Oscar Ress

History tells us Bazball cult doomed to failure during 2025 Ashes

Features | The Cricketer

London Spirit men entrust former Australia coach to turn fortunes around

The Hundred | Oscar Ress

SERIES/COMPETITIONS

County Championship


T20 Blast

Royal London Cup

Heyhoe Flint Trophy

Charlotte Edwards Cup

Big Bash

CPL

IPL

PSL

The Hundred

WBBL

LIVE SCORES
 
International

Zimbabwe

243ao

VS

Afghanistan

157ao & 200-6

In Progress

South Africa

520-6

VS

Pakistan

In Progress

Australia

181ao

VS

India

185ao & 141-6

In Progress

New Zealand

VS

Sri Lanka

Starts 05/01/2025

STATS

Fixtures

Results

Averages

Tables

Units 7-8, 35-37 High St, Barrow upon Soar, Loughborough, LE128PY

website@thecricketer.com

Welcome to www.thecricketer.com - the online home of the world’s oldest cricket magazine. Breaking news, interviews, opinion and cricket goodness from every corner of our beautiful sport, from village green to national arena.

About Us
Contact
Advertise
Meet The Team
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thecricketer.com/Topics/where-to-watch/where_to_watch_india_v_australia_live_stream_2023_test_series_tv_channels_dates_start_times.html 
 ----- 
