 MENU
My Picks
Atlanta Braves vs Miami Marlins Prediction MLB Picks 9/22/24
Home  MLB Picks
 Andrew Jett  September 21, 2024 8:25 pm
Miami Marlins (57-97) vs Atlanta Braves (83-71)
Game Info: Sunday, September 22, 2024 at 1:40 pm (loanDepot park)
Darren McCaughan (0-0) (7.64) vs Grant Holmes (2-0) (3.84)
Betting Odds: Miami Marlins +136 / Atlanta Braves -161 --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: BALLY

The Atlanta Braves and the Miami Marlins meet Sunday in MLB action from LoanDepot Park. Here’s an Atlanta Braves vs Miami Marlins prediction. This will be the final installment in a three-game series. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best Braves vs Marlins pick. We will examine:

The Atlanta Braves' recent form and player performance

The Miami Marlins' recent form and player performance

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Atlanta Braves

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Miami Marlins

Recent betting trends in games played between the Braves and Marlins

A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for the Braves vs Marlins game

Atlanta Braves Betting Preview

This past week the Braves took on the Cincinnati Reds. Atlanta lost the first game but took wins in the next pair for a series victory. After a 4-3 loss to the Marlins in their opener, on Saturday the Braves scored four times in the seventh during a 6-2 win. Max Fried posted 6.0 innings in the start with one earned run.

The starter for Sunday will be Grant Holmes. In the first 23 games (five starts) of his career Holmes is 2-1 with a 3.84 ERA.

Miami Marlins Betting Preview

Over on the Marlins’ side, they played the Los Angeles Dodgers in their last set. Miami won Tuesday 11-9 but dropped the other pair. On Saturday the Marlins were out-hit 14-6 in the defeat. Adam Oller logged 5.2 innings with two earned runs in the start.

Darren McCaughan will start for the Marlins on Sunday. This year McCaughan has a 7.64 ERA without a decision in nine games (four starts). He’s got a 7.47 career ERA in 14 games (five starts).

Total Runs Facts
Fourteen of the Braves' last 15 games as favorites against NL East opponents have gone UNDER the total runs line.
Ten of the last 11 games between the Braves and Marlins have gone UNDER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Marlins' last six games as home underdogs against NL East opponents.
Miami Marlins Player Prop Facts
Jake Burger has hit a home run in six of his 13 previous appearances against the Braves after playing the previous day.
Jake Burger has recorded at least one RBI in five of the Marlins' last six games against the Braves.
Otto Lopez has recorded at least one Single in seven of the Marlins' last eight home games against NL opponents that held a winning record.
Jonah Bride has recorded at least one hit in each of the Marlins' last seven Sunday day games.
Jonah Bride has recorded at least one total base in each of the Marlins' last seven Sunday day games.
Jonah Bride has scored at least one run in five of the Marlins' last six-day games against NL East opponents that held a winning record.
Atlanta Braves Player Prop Facts
Ramon Laureano has recorded at least one hit in each of the Braves' last 12 games as road favorites.
Ramon Laureano has recorded two or more total bases in each of the Braves' last nine road games against opponents that held a losing record.
Ramon Laureano has recorded a Double in four of his last five road appearances against NL East opponents that held a losing record.
Michael Harris has scored at least one run in eight of his last nine appearances with the Braves as road favorites against NL opponents.
Jorge Soler has hit at least one home run in three of his last four appearances in day games against NL teams that held a losing record.
Jorge Soler has recorded at least one RBI in nine of his last 10 road appearances against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Marcell Ozuna has recorded at least one Single in each of his last seven appearances at LoanDepot Park against NL East opponents that held a losing record.
Atlanta Braves vs Miami Marlins Prediction

I’ll lean toward the Braves. Probably not touching it, though. Holmes likely won’t be in there for too long. He’s coming off 4.0 innings with two earned in an appearance versus the Reds. As for McCaughan, he’s given up 10 earned runs in 13.1 innings over his last three outings.

On Saturday the Braves got a nice pitching effort from Fried and the bullpen. Offensively, three homers drove the scoring. Atlanta will probably have to patch things together on the mound Sunday but they should be up for the challenge.

Andrew’s Pick
Atlanta Braves -161
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: ANDREW JETT
Andrew has been writing about college, professional, and fantasy sports betting since 2013.
Follow Andrew Jett on Twitter @PickDawgzAndrew
TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-22/atlanta-braves-vs-miami-marlins-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
