Skip to Content
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
SCORES
STATS
Butler, A's paying homage to Oakland with walk-up music
Share
Butler, A's paying homage to Oakland with walk-up music
September 21st, 2024

Martín Gallegos

@MartinJGallegos
Share
;

0:00

0:00

This story was excerpted from Martín Gallegos' A's Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

OAKLAND -- The A’s are hosting several promotions and festivities to celebrate their final homestand at the Coliseum -- which began on Friday night with a 4-2 loss in 10 innings against the Yankees -- before relocating to Sacramento next season.

For A’s players, their tribute to their home since 1968 began well before first pitch on Friday. It could be heard deep inside the Coliseum walls, as the sounds of Oakland/Bay Area rappers such as Mistah F.A.B., Keak da Sneak, Too Short, Dru Down and E-40 spun through the pregame playlist inside the A’s clubhouse.

On the field, A’s right fielder Lawrence Butler, second baseman Zack Gelof and left-hander T.J. McFarland each changed their walk-up/walkout songs to Bay Area artists. Butler walked to the plate for his first at-bat with “Oakland” by V-White blaring over the Coliseum speakers. Gelof used “93 ‘til Infinity” by East Oakland hip-hop group Souls of Mischief, while McFarland entered to “Jungle” by San Francisco's Andre Nickatina for his relief appearance.

Oakland and the Bay Area are rich in musical culture, especially when it comes to hip-hop and rap -- the genre most popular among A’s players. That’s why they’ve decided to pay homage to the city with their music selections throughout this final stretch of games.

“It’s the last games in Oakland so I just wanted to let the fans know that I appreciate them,” Butler said. “I appreciate Oakland for everything it has done for me and giving me the opportunity to play in the big leagues. That was a little thing I wanted to do, and I’m going to do it the rest of the [homestand].”

The idea to incorporate the Bay Area musical flavor was sparked inside the team weight room early Friday afternoon when Butler and a few other players took note of the Bay Area-only playlist put together by A’s strength and conditioning coach Josh Cuffe.

Butler, Gelof and McFarland changing their songs is just the beginning. Joey Estes, who will start Sunday for Oakland, is confirmed to walk out to a Bay Area-themed song. Butler is also hoping to get other teammates involved over the next week.

“We wanted everybody to have at least one Bay Area song in there just to let the fans know we appreciate them,” Butler said. “You might see more of it going on the next couple of days.”

Beyond the music, there was a palpable buzz inside the Coliseum from the announced crowd of 23,426, many of whom arrived about four hours before first pitch looking to soak in one last trip to the Coliseum. Those crowds are only expected to grow larger in size with each passing game, leading up to an already announced sold-out final game on Thursday against the Rangers.

Related
'They're super excited to have us': A's do some exploring in Sacramento

January 7th, 2025

Needle pointing up for 8 breakout stars of 2024

December 20th, 2024

From 'The A' to MLB, Butler and Harris share bond beyond ball

October 8th, 2024

Rooker's extension the result of determination during 'whirlwind' journey

3:48 AM UTC

Forst excited to see the Sutter Health Park plans taking shape

January 8th, 2025

A's, Rooker finalize 5-year extension

January 9th, 2025

“It felt amazing,” Butler said of Friday night’s crowd. “They showed out. It was a nice, competitive game. It sucks that we came out with an ‘L.’ But the fans were behind us. Everybody was behind us. It was loud. We could feel the electricity in the stadium. It was amazing.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Lawrence Butler
Oakland Athletics

Martín Gallegos covers the A's for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

Official Info
Help/Contact Us
Accessibility
Job Opportunities
Advertising Opportunities
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/athletics/news/lawrence-butler-a-s-honoring-oakland-with-walk-up-music 
 ----- 
