EASYODDS
Luxembourg vs Belarus Betting Odds, Tips, Predictions, Preview 8th September 2024

by Bob Maplewood at 11:31am on Fri 6th September 2024  (last updated 1:31am 09/09/2024)

Luxembourg head into an encounter against Belarus on Sunday. Played out at Stade de Luxembourg, this is their second of six outings in the UEFA Nations League group phase. Belarus beat Luxembourg twice in their most recent meetings, as they claimed wins by 2-0 and 1-0, respectively.

Luxembourg arrive at this match placed as number 84 in the FIFA world ranking, while Belarus lack behind as number 99 in the world.

After the opening round of the group matches Luxembourg are number four on zero, while Belarus have one as number two. Coming away from the opening match of their UEFA Nations League campaign with a 2-0 defeat put a dampener on the mood. Luxembourg will need to send a reply in this round two, not least to themselves.

Luxembourg are relatively average in the art of goal-scoring these days. They scored a steady 12 goals in their previous ten matches, for an average of 1.2 per game. They simultaneously allowed their opponents 12 goals, or an average of 1.2 a game. Furthermore, they fought their way to four clean sheets in this run.

It looks like a very tough assignment for Belarus in this their next outing in the UEFA Nations League. A win would be a highly surprising outcome in a match where securing even a point would be deemed a big surprise.

Belarus scored nine goals, conceded ten and kept their opponents from scoring four times in ten matches.

Luxembourg vs Belarus Prediction
Luxembourg Form

In their last three matches, Luxembourg lost 3-0 against France, 3-0 against Belgium and 2-0 against Northern Ireland. Luxembourg claimed a modest two wins in their past six internationals. They also drew zero and lost four, scored three goals and conceded 11.

Belarus Form

In their previous three games, Belarus lost 0-4 and 0-4 against Russia and Israel, respectively, before drawing 0-0 with Bulgaria. Belarus managed to win just once in their past six internationals. They also drew two and lost three, while scoring ten time and letting in one.

Luxembourg disappointingly lost their last two matches, but in front of their supporters at Stade de Luxembourg, they will kick back and book a much-needed win.

Top Offers
Up to $25 back as a FREE Sports Bet

VIP program. Immediate money withdrawal. Vault feature which makes it easier to control spending.

The “Bet without Risk” Bonus applies exclusively to new players who open a player account at Stake and place the first bet on Sportsbook between $5 and $25. The KYC level2 MUST be verified. Place your first Sports bet and get your money back if your bet is considered “Lost”. The Bonus will be credited within 72 hours after the end of the event and in case your bet is considered lost. T&Cs apply. Gamble Responsibly. GamblingCare.ie. #ad

PLAY
200% welcome bonus on your first Casino deposit

VIP program. Immediate money withdrawal. Vault feature which makes it easier to control spending.

Bonus only available once to new customers. Min deposit value = $100. Max deposit value = $1000. The 200% bonus will be credited within 24-48 hours of depositing and reviewing the account. The wager attached to the bonus is 40x (deposit + bonus). Bonus can be used across all Sportsbook and Casino games. T&Cs apply. Gamble Responsibly. GamblingCare.ie. #ad

PLAY
Luxembourg vs Belarus Stats
Luxembourg have lost the last 3 matches in a row while scoring less than 0.5 goals
In 11 of the last 13 Luxembourg matches in the UEFA Nations League C, the sum of goals was under 3.5
In 8 of the last 9 Luxembourg matches the sum of goals was under 3.5
Luxembourg have lost the last 3 matches in a row while scoring less than 1.5 goals
In 5 of the last 6 Luxembourg home matches in the UEFA Nations League C, the sum of goals was under 2.5
In 14 of the last 16 Belarus away matches the sum of goals was under 3.5
In 11 of the last 13 Belarus matches in the UEFA Nations League C, the sum of goals was under 3.5
In 8 of the last 10 Belarus matches in the UEFA Nations League C, the sum of goals was under 2.5
In 4 of the last 5 Belarus away matches the sum of goals was under 1.5
In 7 of the last 9 Belarus away matches the sum of goals was under 2.5
Luxembourg vs Belarus Team News
Luxembourg vs Belarus H2H

Belarus got the better of Luxembourg in the last two h2h meetings, winning by 2-0 and 1-0, respectively. In last ten encounters between the clubs, Belarus have been the dominant force winning five matches against Luxembourg. The bookies have Belarus to win this match at best price odds of 39/10.

Luxembourg vs Belarus Results

The previous ten matches between Luxembourg and Belarus were not exactly one goal-fest after another as under 2.5 goals came out nine times.

Luxembourg vs Belarus Betting Tips

Gerson Rodrigues has not been bad for Luxembourg in recent matches, scoring twice in his last six international matches. Meanwhile, Belarus hope Dmitri Antilevski can double up on the one goal he scored for his country in their past six outings.

Luxembourg claimed five wins, drew two and lost three of their previous 10 home matches across all tournaments. Belarus won two, drew four and lost four of their last 10 games away. Luxembourg have not exactly been great at shutting out their visitors at Stade de Luxembourg. In their previous 10 lmatches at home, they claimed just two wins, while also holding on to a clean sheet.

Both teams not to score was a winning bet seven times in the last ten encounters between Luxembourg and Belarus. Under 2.5 goals came out nine times in these with Luxembourg managing an average of 0.5 goals, and Belarus 1.1 goals a game. Over 2.5 goals happened in five of Luxembourg’s last ten matches across all tournaments. They pulled off an average of 0.8 goals during this run. Over 2.5 goals came up in three of Belarus's previous ten matches across all tournaments. They managed to score an average of 0.5 goals in these matches.

Tips
Luxembourg to win
Luxembourg need the support of their home crowd at Stade de Luxembourg after suffering defeat twice in recent matches. We fancy them to rise to the occasion and claim a win.
Home
Betting
Free Bets
Betting Guides
Promo Codes
Bookmaker Reviews
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Responsible Gambling
GamCare
GamStop
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Telegram
© copyright Easyodds.com Limited 2024. All Rights Reserved. You must be 18 years or older to use this site.
Privacy policy
We use cookies

We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. For more information about the cookies we use open the settings.

Accept all
Deny
No, adjust
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://easyodds.com/luxembourg-vs-belarus-betting-odds-tips-predictions-preview-8th-september-2024 
 ----- 
