Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
UEFA Nations League 2024-25
Luxembourg vs Belarus Prediction and Betting Tips | September 8th 2024
Luxembourg vs Belarus Prediction and Betting Tips | September 8th 2024
By
Soyoye Jedidiah
Modified Sep 06, 2024 18:40 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Luxembourg will face Belarus - Source: Getty

Luxembourg will face Belarus at the Stade de Luxembourg on Sunday in another round of their 2024-25 UEFA Nations League campaign. The home side have struggled for results of late, kicking off their Nations League campaign on the wrong note and now find themselves bottom of Group 3.

They suffered a 2-0 defeat to Northern Ireland last time out, finding themselves two goals down less than 20 minutes after kickoff and failing to muster any sort of response despite dominating possession for much of the game.

Belarus have also had their struggles in recent games although they managed to avoid defeat on opening day. Locking horns against Bulgaria at the ZTE Arena in Hungry, the White Kings quickly found themselves on the backfoot but held to their point with goalkeeper Fedor Lapoukhov making a brilliant eight saves in the process.

Trending

The visitors now sit second in the group table with one point. They are two points behind group leaders Northern Ireland and could leapfrog them with a win this weekend.

Luxembourg vs Belarus Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
There have been 12 meetings between Luxembourg and Belarus. The home side have won two of those games while the visitors have won six times. There have been four draws between the two teams.
The two teams last faced off in a Nations League clash back in November 2018 which the visitors won 2-0.
The hosts have won just one of their last eight games in this fixture.
Belarus have failed to score any goals in their last five games across all competitions.
The Red Lions were ranked 84th in the latest FIFA rankings and now sit 15 places above their weekend opponents.
Luxembourg vs Belarus Prediction

Luxembourg are on a three-game losing streak and have lost four of their last five games across all competitions. They have, however, won all but one of their last five games on home soil and will fancy their chances ahead of Sunday's clash.

Belarus are on a five-game winless streak and have won just two of their last 11 games across all competitions. They have particularly struggled for results on foreign grounds of late and could see defeat here.

Prediction: Luxembourg 1-0 Belarus

Luxembourg vs Belarus Betting Tips

Tip 1 - Result: Luxembourg to win

Tip 2 - Goals - Over/under 2.5 - Under 2.5 goals (Each of the last nine matches between the two teams have produced fewer than 2.5 goals)

Tip 3 - Both teams to score: NO (Both sides have found the back of the net in just two of their last nine matchups)

Quick Links

UEFA Nations League 2024-25 Belarus Football Luxembourg Football Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/luxembourg-vs-belarus-prediction-betting-tips-september-8th-2024 
 ----- 
