Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
LIVE: Yankees-Dodgers World Series Game 2 (FOX)
Share
LIVE: Yankees-Dodgers World Series Game 2 (FOX)
October 26th, 2024

Anthony Castrovince

@castrovince

Bryan Hoch

@BryanHoch

Juan Toribio

@juanctoribio
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

LOS ANGELES – See? We weren’t kidding when we said this could be an epic World Series.

The Dodgers and Yankees just played a Game 1 that met the moment. A Series with a staggering number of superstars and featuring two of the most storied franchises in professional sports is off to an incredible start after Dodgers first baseman Freddie Freeman launched the first walk-off grand slam in the history of the Fall Classic.

But something tells us that coming out on the wrong end of the 6-3, 10-inning affair Friday night won’t deter a team as loaded and as dogged as these Yankees.

FOLLOW LIVE: Yankees-Dodgers World Series Game 2

“We play to win,” shortstop Anthony Volpe said. “We expect to win the game. It's obviously a gut punch to take a loss, but I think that's baseball. We'll bounce back and be ready to go."

Here’s what the Yankees are trying to avoid in Game 2 on Saturday night at Dodger Stadium: Teams that have lost the first two games on the road in all 2-3-2 series are 11-45 in those series. In the World Series, specifically, they are 7-27.

So the pressure’s on the boys from the Bronx. And they’ll send Carlos Rodón to the bump hoping/expecting that he’ll build on the adjustments he’s made in this postseason to not let the excitement get the best of him.

“I think a lot of it has to do with just confidence,” said Rodón, “confidence in my ability and in myself.”

The Dodgers are drenched in confidence right now. How could they not be after the way they captivated the crowd in Game 1?

“To come out 1-0,” said man of the hour Freeman, “is a huge start.”

It’s a start that 67% of Game 1 winners at home in the 2-3-2 format have capitalized upon with series wins.

How did Game 1 turn upside down? Let's look under the hood

The Dodgers hope to get similar length from Game 2 starter Yoshinobu Yamamoto that they got from Jack Flaherty, who pitched into the sixth in the opener. There’s an off-day after Game 2, but with a bullpen day looming in the middle of the Series, the Dodgers don’t want to overexpose their relievers.

Related
Goldy looks to guide younger Yanks: 'Somebody taught it to me'

4:32 PM UTC

Why a DJ reprise in '25 wouldn't surprise Yanks

January 7th, 2025

4 reasons why CC Sabathia should be a Hall of Famer

January 6th, 2025

Dodgers trade Cartaya to Twins for RHP Jose Vasquez

28 minutes ago

Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Dodgers deal Lux to Reds for OF prospect, Draft pick

January 7th, 2025

Back in 1988, the Dodgers rode that famous Kirk Gibson walk-off in Game 1 to a convincing 6-0 victory in Game 2, en route to a five-game Series win – still their most recent in a full season. Will history repeat itself, or will the Yankees respond?

What does this already-epic World Series have for an encore?

When is the game and how can I watch it?
Game 2 of the World Series is being played right now at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles. All World Series games will start at the same time and be televised on FOX.

All games are available in the U.S. on MLB.TV (authentication to a participating Pay TV provider is required). Live games are also available in select countries outside the U.S. For full details, click here.

Ohtani at the heart of truly global World Series

Who are the starting pitchers?
Yankees: LHP Carlos Rodón (16-9, 3.96 ERA in the regular season)
Rodón will be making his fourth start of this postseason, coming off a 4 2/3 inning effort in the ALCS Game 5 clincher. After taking the loss in ALDS Game 2 vs. Kansas City, Rodón held Cleveland to three runs over 10 2/3 innings (2.53 ERA) in the ALCS, with 15 strikeouts against just one walk. He has made three previous career starts at Dodger Stadium, one in 2017 as a member of the White Sox and two in 2022 with the Giants. He is 0-1 with a 4.42 ERA at Chavez Ravine.

Yanks to start Rodón in Game 2, Schmidt in Game 3

Dodgers: RHP Yoshinobu Yamamoto (7-2, 3.00 ERA in the regular season)
Yamamoto was the Dodgers’ biggest pitching acquisition this offseason, and they’ll lean on him once again this postseason. The Japanese right-hander gave the Dodgers a dominant five innings in their Game 5 win over the Padres in the NLDS and was solid in his lone start against the Mets in NLCS Game 4. In his first World Series start, Yamamoto will now face a Yankees team that he dominated back in June at Yankee Stadium.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

What are the starting lineups?
Yankees: The Yankees are sticking with the same lineup that they used in Game 1. Manager Aaron Boone said that his biggest decision was wrestling with Giancarlo Stanton in the cleanup spot, and Stanton rewarded that call with a go-ahead two-run homer in the sixth inning -- his fourth consecutive game with a home run.

Gleyber Torres, 2B
Juan Soto, RF
Aaron Judge, CF
Giancarlo Stanton, DH
Jazz Chisholm Jr., 3B
Anthony Rizzo, 1B
Anthony Volpe, SS
Austin Wells, C
Alex Verdugo, LF

Dodgers: With the Yankees starting a left-hander in Game 2, things will look a little different for the Dodgers. Tommy Edman, who is much better against southpaws, will move up in the order and Gavin Lux will not start for the Dodgers.

Shohei Ohtani, DH
Mookie Betts, RF
Teoscar Hernández, LF
Freddie Freeman, 1B
Tommy Edman, CF
Kiké Hernández, 2B
Max Muncy, 3B
Will Smith, C
Miguel Rojas, SS

How will the bullpens line up after the starter?
Yankees: Everyone should be available for Game 2 except for Nestor Cortes, as the Yankees are hesitant to pitch him on back-to-back days considering his left flexor elbow strain. Luke Weaver threw 19 pitches over 1 2/3 innings in Game 1, and that was the heaviest workload for a Bombers reliever. Clay Holmes (5 pitches), Tommy Kahnle (8 pitches) and Jake Cousins (14 pitches) also saw action.

Dodgers: The Dodgers used all their high-leverage relievers in Game 1, but they should be available again on Saturday. The question for L.A. will be whether or not Alex Vesia and Brusdar Graterol will be able to pitch on back-to-back nights given they’re both coming off injuries. L.A. has plenty of coverage, if needed, with Ben Casparius, Landon Knack and Brent Honeywell on the roster.

Any injuries of note?
Yankees: Verdugo said that he would probably be sore after making a terrific catch in the 10th inning of Game 1. Rizzo is playing through two fractured fingers on his right hand, which is a pain tolerance issue, as the fractures won’t heal until the offseason. Infielder DJ LeMahieu (right hip impingement) has been continuing to hit and field throughout the playoffs.

Dodgers: Freeman has played through a badly sprained right ankle all postseason, but that didn’t stop him from being the Game 1 hero with the first walk-off grand slam in World Series history. Freeman is expected back in the lineup in Game 2.

Best MLB performances while injured or sick

Who is hot and who is not?
Yankees: Stanton continues to do his best Reggie Jackson impression, now batting .282 with six homers and 13 RBIs in 10 postseason games. Volpe has reached safely in all 10 games this postseason (.273/.429/.303). Soto reached base three times in Game 1 and is slashing .333/.457/.639. Torres singled and doubled in Game 1 and has a .400 on-base percentage. Judge was 1-for-5 with three strikeouts in his first career World Series game and is batting just .167 in the postseason.

Fan interferes in 9th in G1, but 'they got the call right'

Dodgers: Edman followed up winning NLCS MVP with a two-hit Game 1 in the Fall Classic. Ohtani also continued his strong postseason run with a double and a run in Game 1.

Anything else fans might want to know?
• There's a lot to know just about Game 1! Catch up on all the amazing factoids here.

• The Yankees have won eight of the previous 11 World Series meetings between the clubs (1941, 1947, 1949, 1952, 1953, 1956, 1977, 1978). The Dodgers were victorious three times (1955, 1963, 1981).

• The Dodgers and Yankees had a World Series preview June 7-9 at Yankee Stadium, with Los Angeles winning two of the three games. Teoscar Hernández had a go-ahead, two-run double in the 11th inning of the first game, a 2-1 Dodgers win, then hit two homers in an 11-3 rout the next night. The Yanks salvaged the finale with a 6-4 win, powered by Trent Grisham's three-run homer off Tyler Glasnow.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Yankees
Los Angeles Dodgers

Anthony Castrovince has been a reporter for MLB.com since 2004.

Senior Reporter Bryan Hoch has covered the Yankees for MLB.com since 2007.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

2:56 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

Can this AL West team swoop in on Sasaki?

January 8th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/yankees-vs-dodgers-world-series-game-2-starting-lineups-and-pitching-matchup 
 ----- 
