Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Lakers Annihilated by Warriors in Bronny James' First-Ever LA Start
Los Angeles ended its preseason with a game to forget — but Bronny James had a solid night.
Alex Kirschenbaum | Oct 19, 2024
Oct 18, 2024; San Francisco, California, USA; Los Angeles Lakers guard Bronny James (9) drives to the hoop next to Golden State Warriors forward Jonathan Kuminga (00) in the first quarter at the Chase Center. Mandatory Credit: Cary Edmondson-Imagn Images / Cary Edmondson-Imagn Images
In this story:
Los Angeles Lakers

The shorthanded Los Angeles Lakers did lead the Golden State Warriors for a brief moment during the two teams' preseason finale Friday night. For all of 115 seconds to open the game.

After that, the sharpshooting Warriors wrestled away permanent control of their encounter. Golden State got off to a dominant 66-40 first half start, compounding the beatdown with a robust 66-34 second half, to finish with a whopping 58-point edge, 132-74.

Even the usually enthused Stu Lantz was ready to pack it in after the third quarter, given that the contest was a lopsided blowout and ultimately a meaningless exhibition.

There was more to the Lakers' lopsided loss than the numbers initially suggest, however. That's because head coach JJ Redick sat his top 10 players. All-Stars LeBron James and Anthony Davis; starters Austin Reaves, D'Angelo Russell, and Rui Hachimura; and bench pieces Gabe Vincent, Max Christie and Dalton Knecht all rested. Backup big men Jarred Vanderbilt and Christian Wood continue to recuperate from offseason surgeries. Golden State head coach Steve Kerr, however, started all of his healthy vets, outside of All-NBA point guard Stephen Curry. A massive talent deficit yielded the epic blowout.

To start, Redick brought in LeBron's son, No. 55 draft pick Bronny James, in the stead of his old man as a 6-foot-2 small forward. Veteran Cam Reddish started up a position at power forward, Jaxson Hayes manned the paint as the club's starting five, second-year point guard Jalen Hood-Schifino did very little as the team's starting point guard, and Exhibit 10 signing Quincy Olivari starred at shooting guard.

You'd think the Warriors would have dominated primarily with their 3-point marksmanship, and that was part of the problem, but hardly the only issue. In that department, the Warriors went 13-of-36 (36.1 percent) from beyond the arc, while the Lakers shot 7-of-29 (24.1 percent). Golden State also dominated Los Angeles in points in the paint, 68-36, while the Lakers coughed up the ball to the tune of a whopping 28 turnovers (the Warriors had 13). Olivari and Bronny James looked particularly rough in this respect. At one point in the fourth quarter, Olivari almost stole the ball from a fellow Laker.

The story of the night, from a long-term perspective, was Bronny James' excitingly prolific night. The 6-foot-2 point guard had his first double-digit scoring night of the preseason, scoring 17 points on 7-of-17 shooting from the field (1-of-5 from beyond the arc) and 2-of-2 form the foul line. He chipped in four rebounds, three steals, a block and an assist — though he posted a brutal -37 plus-minus. Among the Lakers, however, that was actually the fourth-best such metric of the night.

Bronny's output around the rim was especially encouraging.

Olivari, however, had the bigger night. In a game-high 39:01, he scored 22 points on 8-of-16 shooting from the field (5-of-9 from beyond the arc) and 1-of-1 shooting from the charity stripe. He also pulled down seven rebounds and passed for two assists. Yes, he chipped in a team-most seven turnovers, too, just one worse than Hood-Schifino's similarly abysmal six. But nobody's perfect, and Olivari's scoring ability is at least intriguing.

How the Lakers opt to proceed with Olivari going forward remains to be seen, though it's still most likely he'll be waived and signed to the South Bay Lakers on an affiliate deal. It's also possible the Lakers will decide to waive a current two-way player and promote Olivari, as he's been significantly more impressive than Colin Castleton (who struggled to score in the paint despite being 7-foot-1) or Armel Traore (who made 0 percent of his 1.3 triple tries a night).

ore Lakers: Magic Johnson Details Petition to Get Showtime Teammate Inducted into Hall of Fame

Published Oct 19, 2024
ALEX KIRSCHENBAUM

Basketball is Alex's favorite sport, he likes the way they dribble up and down the court.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/lakers/news/lakers-annihilated-by-warriors-in-bronny-james-first-ever-la-start-ak1987 
 ----- 
