Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Bronny James' Performance in Warriors-Lakers Goes Viral
Bronny James had his best NBA performance during the Warriors vs Lakers preseason game. The Warriors had the opportunity to draft Bronny.
Farbod Esnaashari | Oct 19, 2024
Los Angeles Lakers guard Bronny James (9) dribbles the ball next to Golden State Warriors forward Jonathan Kuminga (00) in the second quarter at the Chase Center. Mandatory Credit: / Cary Edmondson-Imagn Images
In this story:
Golden State Warriors
Los Angeles Lakers

The NBA world has been waiting for Bronny James to have a big NBA game this preseason and it finally happened on Friday night during the Warriors vs Lakers game - albeit, during a massive blowout.

On Friday night, Bronny James put up 17 points, 4 rebounds, 3 steals, 1 assist, and 1 block on 41% shooting from the field during his first NBA preseason start. It was easily the best NBA performance of his young career so far, and it had the NBA world talking. In under seven hours, there were over 87,000 likes, 1,000 comments, and three million views on his highlights from the game.

Bronny's performance included a plethora of steals, dunks, and a vast array of moves. Granted, it was all during a gigantic blowout, but it still allowed him to actually display his ability.

Prior to tonight's game against the Warriors, Bronny was tremendously struggling in the preseason. In his five games before tonight, he was averaging 1.6 points on 20% shooting from the field and 0% shooting from three. He had more turnovers than made field goals.

Fortunately for the young 20-year-old, his singular performance against the Warriors was better than all five of his other preseason performances combined. Even though it didn't result in a win, Bronny's confidence should be much higher entering the regular season. The sheer irony of it all is the fact that his performance came against the team that passed up on drafting him - the Golden State Warriors.

Becoming a competent NBA player isn't something that happens overnight, it requires building blocks day by day. The next step for Bronny James is to repeat this type of performance but in a much closer game.

The Golden State Warriors and Los Angeles Lakers will face off for the first time in the regular season on December 25.

Related Articles

Draymond Green's Reaction to Steph Curry's Incredible Shot in USA-France Goes Viral

Boston Celtics Legend Slams Steve Kerr for Controversial Jayson Tatum Decision

Caitlin Clark's Two-Word Reaction to Steph Curry's Performance in USA-France

Published Oct 19, 2024|Modified Oct 19, 2024
FARBOD ESNAASHARI

12-year NBA veteran that's covered the league on Sports Illustrated, Forbes, Bleacher Report, and ESPN

Follow @Farbod_E

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/warriors/news/bronny-james-performance-in-warriors-lakers-goes-viral-01jahj8y1wrn 
 ----- 
