Sections
LOG IN
Show Search

LIVE COVERAGE

Palisades fire flare-up forces more evacuations as L.A. reels from staggering losses
ADVERTISEMENT
LAKERS
LeBron James savors time as Steph Curry’s teammate; doesn’t know if it’ll happen again
LeBron James (6) celebrated with Stephen Curry (4) and Kevin Durant after the U.S. men’s basketball team beat Serbia in the semifinals at the Paris Olympics. (Mark J. Terrill / Associated Press)
By Dan Woike
Staff Writer
Follow
Oct. 14, 2024 5:42 PM PT
Share

LeBron James had competed against Stephen Curry, fought against him and the Golden State Warriors for NBA titles over a defining chapter in the league’s history.

Until this summer, they had never really played together. After winning gold during the Paris Olympics — an experience that saw Team USA tested in the kind of ways competitors like James and Curry crave — perspectives evolved.

“It was everything and more. I was super excited to be able to finally team up with him in a win-or-die type atmosphere,” James said of the experience. “That’s what it was, being a part of the Olympics. It was everything that I dreamed of and aspired to want to be a part of that team, along with Steph. Great memories. Something that I’ll remember from my basketball career for the rest of my life, for sure.”

ADVERTISEMENT

It’s a safe bet that the memories won’t affect the competition when the Lakers and the Warriors face off again, which will happen for the first time Tuesday during a preseason game in Las Vegas. But the success and images of James and Curry celebrating together have had people wondering if there’s a way the two could be co-workers again.

“I have no idea,” James said. “I have no idea.”

The likelihood of a Curry-James working relationship has to be considered incredibly low, considering the complications a trade would present should the two even try to force the issue, which no one has ever indicated is a thing that’s happened.

LAKERS

Hall of Fame value: Why Michael Cooper finally made it to Springfield
Oct. 13, 2024

However, the time in Paris with Curry did more than just reinforce the things James has learned in the decade-plus of competition with the Warriors star.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I think just when you’re around someone on a day-to-day basis, you’re able to be around them and you see how hard they work, you see how much they commit to the game, then that’s the appreciation and the respect right off top,” James said. “So, I understand what Steph has done for this game. I understand what he’s done for this organization, what he’s done for the community, people all over the world. Just by his approach to the game and how he is as a man. How he is as a family man. How he is as a husband, a dad, a son, all that stuff.

“So when you have that type of respect for somebody and then you get to be around them every day and you see the way they work and how they treat their craft, it’s a pretty cool thing. You’re able to just respect that and not take it for granted.”

LeBron James wants Bronny to speak for himself

The pressure and attention on Lakers rookie Bronny James through three games is different than it is on anyone else selected late in the second round, and for obvious reasons.

ADVERTISEMENT

Through three games, it’d be a lie to say anything other than LeBron James’ son has struggled. He’s made only one of 11 shots from the field and has five turnovers to a single assist. The Lakers have been outscored by 40 points in Bronny James’ 35.6 minutes, tied for the second-worst plus/minus in the NBA this preseason.

Asked how his son was handling the struggles and adjustments, LeBron James didn’t answer.

“You got to ask him. That’s a grown man. Ask him how he’s handling it,” he said. “And then we go from there. But he’s a grown man. He’s a professional. He can handle all this pressure himself. But we know why — good or bad why — the attention is here.”

LAKERS

Who is #41? The winning way Quincy Olivari introduced himself to Lakers nation
Oct. 11, 2024

Lakers coach JJ Redick said he didn’t think Bronny James was playing nervously in the preseason games.

“For us, the thing we’ve talked with him is, like a lot of young players, you just have to be more consistent with your energy and effort every day,” Redick said. “Not to say it’s been bad, but like today had a great day of practice. We see flashes of that a lot. … I talked to him about the standard of who he is as a player, he’ll eventually build that standard and it will be apparent every game.”

Reaves ankle improving

Austin Reaves’ sore right ankle continues to improve, with the Lakers starting guard saying he could return to the court for some preseason action Tuesday if he continues to improve.

Reaves, who has been going through workouts with a brace on his ankle, said he began dealing with soreness after playing against the Phoenix Suns on Oct. 6 in Palm Desert. He didn’t play in the Lakers’ win in Milwaukee.

For Reaves, who didn’t miss a game last season despite spending the previous summer with Team USA, it was a welcome day off.

“Where I came from, my basketball coach was our strength coach and like other stuff. We didn’t really have all the resources that everyone has now. So even getting into the league my rookie year, I thought if you were in the training room, it meant you were hurt,” he said.

“So trying to grow out of that and getting into good habits of being in the training room every single day, just working on your body and making sure you’re in a good spot to continue to play and be there for your team. That’s the main thing. And like you said, anytime you can sit down, kick your feet up and relax, you need to do it. Because it’s a long year.”

More to Read
Lakers rookie Bronny James building momentum in G League
Dec. 17, 2024
LeBron and Bronny James make history in Lakers’ season-opening win
Oct. 23, 2024
Bronny James shines and Quincy Olivari makes a pitch to stay with the Lakers
Oct. 19, 2024
LAKERS
Newsletter

All things Lakers, all the time.

Get all the Lakers news you need in Dan Woike's weekly newsletter.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

Dan Woike
X
Email
Bluesky

Dan Woike is the Lakers beat writer for the Los Angeles Times after spending two seasons covering the league as a whole, with an emphasis on Los Angeles’ teams.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Lakers and Clippers games for Saturday postponed because of L.A. fires
24 minutes ago

LAKERS

Lakers coach JJ Redick vows to help rebuild L.A. after losing home in fire
Jan. 10, 2025

LAKERS

Lakers home game against Hornets postponed due to L.A. County wildfires
Jan. 9, 2025

SPORTS

Late Laker Darius Morris’ dad, brother sentenced to prison for money order thefts of $5 million
Jan. 9, 2025
Most Read in Lakers

LAKERS

News Analysis: It’s a big month for the Lakers as trade deadline looms
Jan. 5, 2025
Subscribers are Reading
Los Angeles has never seen this level of destruction: ‘Everything is burned down’
Before-and-after satellite images show destruction in Malibu and Altadena
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
These are the Malibu and Altadena restaurants damaged or destroyed by ongoing L.A. fires
Latest Lakers
L.A. County fires postponed Kings’ game at Crypto.com Arena — and now Thursday’s Lakers game
Jan. 9, 2025
Lakers coach JJ Redick’s family evacuated from their home in Pacific Palisades
Jan. 7, 2025
Shorthanded Mavericks hand Lakers second straight road loss
Jan. 7, 2025
‘Do we need to throw hands?’ Shaquille O’Neal-Dwight Howard beef still going strong in 2025
Jan. 7, 2025
After loss to Rockets, LeBron James says Lakers must ‘get uncomfortable’ to be great
Jan. 5, 2025
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/lakers/story/2024-10-14/lebron-james-savors-time-as-steph-curry-teammate 
 ----- 
