English
Home / News / Sports News / T20 World Cup, USA vs Pakistan: Match Preview and stats
Summarize
Next Article
In 119 T20Is, Pakistan skipper Babar Azam owns 4,023 runs (Photo credit: X/@TheRealPCB)
T20 World Cup, USA vs Pakistan: Match Preview and stats
By
Rajdeep Saha
Jun 05, 2024
08:00 pm
What's the story

Co-hosts United States face Pakistan in Match 11 of the ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024 on June 6 at the Grand Prairie Cricket Stadium in Dallas.
USA opened their account in this year's T20 World Cup with a win over Canada in Group A.
Pakistan are playing their first match in the ongoing edition. Here we present the match preview and stats.

Details
Pitch report and weather update 

As per reports, the average first-innings score at this venue in the last 20 matches is 148 runs.
The surface at the Grand Prairie Cricket Stadium in Dallas is pretty balanced. Pacers will get movement early on.
As far as the weather is concerned, the temperature will hover around 35 degrees Celsius. Meanwhile, the humidity is expected to be around 50%.

Information
Timing and TV listing

The match will start at 9:00pm IST on June 6, 2024. Fans can watch the match live on the Star Sports Network and stream the same on the Disney+Hotstar app for free.

Details
Pakistan have work to do with the batting

Pakistan come into the tournament with a 2-0 defeat to England in the bilateral series. The batting has work to do if Pakistan are to challenge for the coveted T20 World Cup trophy.
Pakistan have several shortcomings in that middle order.
USA are the team to watch out for. They stunned Bangladesh 2-1 at home and were off to a solid start versus Canada.

Probable XIs
USA vs Pakistan: Probable XIs

USA probable XI: Steven Taylor, Monank Patel (C/wk), Andries Gous, Aaron Jones, Corey Anderson, Harmeet Singh, Nitish Kumar, Shadley van Schalkwyk, Ali Khan, Saurabh Netravalkar, Jasdeep Singh.
Pakistan probable XI: Saim Ayub, Babar Azam (c), Mohammad Rizwan, Fakhar Zaman, Shadab Khan, Azam Khan (wk), Iftikhar Ahmed, Imad Wasim, Shaheen Afridi, Haris Rauf, Mohammad Amir.

Stats
Decoding the key stats ahead of the match

USA batter Aaron Jones has amassed 478 T20I runs at a strike rate of 116.87.
He could become the second USA batter to slam 500-plus runs after Steven Taylor (742).
Speedster Haris Rauf owns 95 T20I scalps and could become Pakistan's second-highest wicket-taker by surpassing Shahid Afridi (97).
In 119 T20Is, Pakistan skipper Babar Azam owns 4,023 runs at 41.05.

Poll
Who will win the match?
Pakistan
USA
Related News
Latest
ICC T20 World Cup
Pakistan Cricket Team
Babar Azam
Haris Rauf
Cricket News
Latest
New Orleans attacker was ex-Army, had planned to join ISIS
Accenture
Ibrahim to Rasha: Promising newcomers in Bollywood for 2025
Abhishek Kapoor
'Dune: Messiah': Everything we know about the much-anticipated sequel
Anya Taylor-Joy
WhatsApp tops cyber scam charts with 44,000 complaints in 2024
WhatsApp
Indian Premier League (IPL)
Celebrity
Hollywood
Bollywood
UEFA Champions League
Tennis
Football
Smartphones
Cryptocurrency
Upcoming Movies
Premier League
Cricket News
Latest automobiles
Latest Cars
Upcoming Cars
Latest Bikes
Upcoming Tablets
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Ethical Conduct
Grievance Redressal
News
News Archive
Topics Archive
Download DevBytes
Find Cricket Statistics
Follow us on
All rights reserved © NewsBytes 2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newsbytesapp.com/news/sports/icc-t20-world-cup-2024-united-states-face-pakistan/story 
 ----- 
