SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
KOLO MUANI BRACE EARNS FRANCE TOUGH NATIONS LEAGUE WIN OVER BELGIUM
Kolo Muani brace earns France tough Nations League win over Belgium
Gregor Fisher,
14.10.2024 20:54
Randal Kolo Muani strokes home his first of the night from the spot
AFP / John Thys
Ten-man France were pushed all the way, as they edged Belgium 2-1 in UEFA Nations League (UNL) Group A2. This priceless result for the French at Brussels’ King Baudouin Stadium has extended Les Bleus’ winning run of head-to-heads to five matches.

Both sides needed the win to stay within touching distance of Italy at the top of Group A2, and Belgium had the best of the early opportunities, as Loïs Openda had two great chances on the edge of the six-yard box, going a whisker away from poking a Jeremy Doku cross past Mike Maignan before hitting a low Youri Tielemans delivery the wrong side of the post.

Before long, Belgium’s persistence was eventually rewarded with a penalty, as a perfectly timed counter-attack unleashed Openda, and as the striker went to cut back onto his right foot, he was taken out by William Saliba. 

Following a lengthy VAR review, Tielemans stepped up, but the Aston Villa midfielder sent his effort high and wide of the France goal.

France didn’t let the early pressure affect them and pushed their way back into proceedings, which eventually led to them being awarded their own penalty, as Bradley Barcola dribbled his way into the host's box, with the falling Wout Faes elbowing the ball to stop the PSG star.

Randal Kolo Muani calmly stepped up to slot the ball into the bottom right and give the visitors the lead. Just as it seemed like France would take their lead into the interval Timothy Castagne curled a cross onto the head of Openda who was waiting to finally nod home and make it 1-1 at the break.

Straight from kick-off for the second half, both sides continued to test each other in search of the lead. And it looked like France had done just that through Manu Kone, but his goal was ruled out for a Kolo Muani handball in the build-up. 

However, he turned hero and reinstated France’s lead, as he met Lucas Digne’s cross in the middle of the box to guide it past Koen Casteels.

It wasn’t all plain sailing though, as the visitors went down to 10 men, as Aurelien Tchouameni got his second yellow for a cynical foul when Belgium were on the counter.

The result sees France take a stranglehold on second place in the group, with Italy only one point ahead of them with two games left. Meanwhile, Belgium are now all but out of the running for the UNL quarter-finals, with the Red Devils now five adrift of their opponents.

 In turn, the relegation play-off is now a likely destination for Domenico Tedesco’s men.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Randal Kolo Muani (France)

Belgium - France match ratings
Flashscore

Check out all the match stats with Flashscore.

Catch up with the rest of the Nations League action now.

MENTIONS
Football
UEFA Nations League
France
Belgium
Related Articles
Asllani fires Albania to narrow Nations League victory over Georgia
14.10.2024 18:04
Steve Clarke backs Scotland to bounce back from 'tough' winless run
14.10.2024 17:28
Rice praises 'unbelievable' England interim manager Carsley as uncertainty mounts
14.10.2024 10:14
Show more
Football
League Cup quarter-final 'huge' for Howe as he seeks to end Newcastle's trophy drought
12 min ago
Premier League Team of the Week: Tottenham players stand out while Isak shines
49 min ago
Wolves reportedly agree deal to appoint Vitor Pereira as coach to replace Gary O'Neil
1 h ago
Arne Slot not worried about touchline ban with Liverpool in League Cup quarter-final action
1 h ago
Team of the Week: Son steps up for Spurs, Gimenez hits a hat-trick
1 h ago
Former international Abich says Gor Mahia must stick with coach Otieno despite poor form
1 h ago
Chelsea's Mykhailo Mudryk set to be suspended after 'adverse finding' in drugs test
1 h ago
Former England assistant Steve Holland appointed Yokohama F Marinos manager
3 h ago
Brazil legend Ronaldo running to be president of nation's FA
4 h ago
Iraola and Lopetegui both left wanting more after Bournemouth draw with West Ham
4 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
James Wade dumped out of Darts World Championship by Jermaine Wattimena
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
Lens - PSG
FOOTBALL SCORES
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Tottenham - Liverpool
Manchester City - Everton
Liverpool - Leicester
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/belgium-france-report-2024-10-14/dhYjMObK/ 
 ----- 
