Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NHL
NCAAM
NCAAW
UFC
Men's NCAA soccer
Women's NCAA soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
F1
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Report
LAZ
0
INT
6
FT
VIEW ALL
English Premier League
Summary
Report
BOU
1
WHU
1
FT
VIEW ALL
Men's NCAA soccer
Conversation
13
MRSH
1
UVM
2
AGT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024-25 UEFA Nations League, Group Stage
BEL
1-1-2, 4 PTS
1
FT
FRA
3-0-1, 9 PTS
2
Loïs Openda - 45'+3'
Randal Kolo Muani - 35' Pen, 62'
Aurélien Tchouaméni - 76'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
More
Tchouaméni sent off as France hold off Belgium
2:30
Did Kylian Mbappe really ask to only play France's important games?

Gab Marcotti and Julien Laurens aren't buying that Kylian Mbappe is putting France to one side in an attempt to win the 2025 Ballon d'Or.

ByReuters
Updated: Oct 14, 2024, 09:43 pm

Striker Randal Kolo Muani scored a brace as France took a giant step towards the Nations League quarter-finals with a 2-1 victory over hosts Belgium in a League A Group 2 clash in Brussels on Monday.

Kolo Muani netted his opener from the penalty spot after a Wout Faes handball, but Lois Openda equalised in first half stoppage time after Belgium captain Youri Tielemans had earlier missed a spot-kick.

Kolo Muani headed in a second just past the hour-mark and France were able to hold on for the victory despite losing midfielder Aurelien Tchouaméni to a second yellow card with 14 minutes remaining.

Italy head the group with 10 points from their four games, followed by France on nine. Belgium have four points and Israel zero. The top two teams qualify for the quarterfinals that will be played in March next year.

"It was a great evening, not an easy match because we knew the Belgians would cause us problems," France goalkeeper Mike Maignan told TF1.

"My six saves? It's good for me, it's positive and it reflects my form at the moment. It's good for me and for the team, the most important thing is to have won."

Aurelien Tchouameni of France is sent off during his team's Nations League win over Belgium.
Getty Images

Belgium had hoped to end a 43-year wait for a competitive victory over France and created enough chances to have earned more from the game, but were wasteful in front a goal, an all too familiar theme for the side.

They were without playmaker Kevin De Bruyne and striker Romelu Lukaku, who both asked to be excused from duty, while France were missing their talisman Kylian Mbappe as he also made himself unavailable for selection in this international window.

Openda won a penalty when he raced clear and his clever change of direction meant he was fouled in the box by a slipping William Saliba. However, Tielemans put his spot-kick over the crossbar.

France then earned a penalty of their own as Faes used his arm to knock the ball as he fell to the ground in the box and this time Kolo Muani converted easily.

Openda turned Belgium's late first half pressure into a goal as he headed Timothy Castagne's cross into the net, a well-constructed move having timed his run to perfection.

Ousmane Dembele flashed a shot from the edge of the box wide and Manu Kone had the ball in the back of the net but the goal was disallowed for a Kolo Muani handball in the build-up.

France did regain the lead in the 62nd minute when Kolo Muani headed in Lucas Digne's cross from the left, though Belgium goalkeeper Koen Casteels will feel he should have made the save.

"We played a good match and still lost. That is the quality of France. They can score out of nothing," Faes said. "It's really bitter to lose like this. We missed a penalty in the first half and then concede one. That's mentally very tough."

Game Information
King Baudouin Stadium
6:45 PM, October 14, 2024
Brussels, Belgium
Line: FRA -0.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 39,731
Referees:
Irfan Peljto
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/698974 
 ----- 
