Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
5 things to know about the Pelicans on Nov. 5, 2024
Pelicans.com
November 5, 20249:15 AM CST

The Pelicans will fell to the Portland Trail Blazers 118-100. The loss drops the Pelicans to 3-5 on the season. Ingram paced the Pelicans with 27 points in the loss. Check out the recap of the game.

The Pelicans and the whole NBA will have the day off to encourage everyone to get out and vote. Guard CJ McCollum spoke with the crowd before the game against the Trail Blazers to tell everyone to get out and vote. "Our future depends on it, our kids future depends on it, and we have a chance to do something special here so get out and vote" McCollum said.

One Wednesday, November 6, the Pelicans will host their final game of this four-game home stand and it will come against a red-hot Cleveland Cavaliers. The Cavaliers, coming off a win over the Milwaukee Bucks on Nov. 4, are one of two remaining undefeated teams in the NBA and sport an 8-0 record. Get tickets and join us in the Smoothie King Center for the contest.

The Pelicans dealing with a litany of injuries in their game against the Trail Blazers provided an opportunity for guard Brandon Boston Jr. to step up. Boston tallied 20 points, tied for the fourth highest scoring total of his career and highest on the season, shooting 9-of-15 (.600) from the field. See highlights from his standout performance.

The Pelicans sit in the 14th place in the Western Conference standings after their recent defeat. With plenty of season left to go, they sit a one game past 10th and 1.5 games out of 4th, with their next opportunity to close that distance on Wednesday.

Related Articles
5 things to know about the Pelicans on Nov. 5, 2024
Trail Blazers 118, Pelicans 100: Brandon Ingram 27 points | Postgame wrap
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/5-things-to-know-about-the-pelicans-on-nov-5-2024 
 ----- 
