NBA

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Trade Board
Viewer Guide
The Basketball 100
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Be an MVP this season.
Win with an Athletic subscription.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Jimmy Butler and the Heat need to work together for now, with or without a trade
By James Jackson
Jan 2, 2025

16

Although the trade chatter around Jimmy Butler was reignited after his candid media availability on Tuesday, one couldn’t tell as he returned to the Miami Heat on Wednesday after his five-game absence.

Before the 119-108 win over the Pelicans, Heat coach Erik Spoelstra remained as confident as ever that Butler would give Miami a boost. The team maintained its intense walkthroughs upon returning from its three-game road trip. Heck, fans passionately screamed as the six-time All-Star’s name was announced to round out the Heat’s starting lineup. Things seem mostly status quo, even if the elephant in the room makes matters awkward.

The team’s way of handling that elephant? Just don’t talk about the trade stuff.

In the week since team president Pat Riley announced via a team statement Miami has no intentions of trading Butler, the Heat remain steadfast in not discussing their franchise star’s potential departure, whether by next month’s NBA trade deadline or this summer, when Butler can test the free-agent market by declining his $52.4 million player option.

GO DEEPER

Jimmy Butler on if he wants to stay with Heat: 'That's a good question'

Of course, public statements alone won’t stop potential suitors from clamoring for Butler’s services, especially in an NBA where actions say far more than words. Other franchises have expressed intentions of not trading a player before actually doing so — that’s how business works, especially when front offices can be a day away from finally receiving the right offer after months of playing hardball.

Barring matters reaching that point in Miami, though, the team’s focus remains on the court, which is likely the best resolution for both parties.

Until the Heat part with Butler, they need him in the lineup to maximize hopes of a sixth consecutive playoff appearance (which would tie the longest such streak in franchise history), no matter how low their potential seeding; do remember their impromptu 2023 NBA Finals run after reaching the playoffs as a Play-In team. On Tuesday, Butler said his focus was on simply playing basketball and keeping his mouth shut, which could have been delayed music to Riley’s ears after the Hall of Famer advised just that last May, when Butler claimed he would have led Miami past the Celtics and Knicks had he played in the playoffs.

For the 35-year-old Butler, who has already missed nine games and hasn’t surpassed 64 single-season appearances since joining Miami, playing well — let alone at all — is his best course of action for navigating toward his next deal, whether it comes in South Florida or elsewhere. The longest, most lucrative contract he could next sign could only come from Miami, and any team hungry for his presence can only trust such a move knowing he’s closer to All-Star form than declining.

GO DEEPER

Pat Riley on recent reports: Heat ‘will not trade Jimmy Butler’

Whether Butler’s long-term future extends beyond the Heat and to teams like the Warriors, Rockets, Suns or Mavericks relies just as much on sound trade packages as any perceived leveraging in the background. Teams will understandably inquire about him, but as we recently outlined, Miami does have a history of prioritizing its preferred interests and timing when assessing how to handle star-related impasses.

In this instance, the team wants to concentrate on winning games and climbing the East standings, even if a third finals run with Butler in the fold looks like a pipe dream to outsiders.

When the five-time All-NBA selection has played this season, he’s been effective despite carrying his lightest scoring load in a decade. His scoring average (18.5 points per game) is down, but he’s rarely missing when deciding to shoot the ball (career-high 55.2 percent shooting). Defensively, Butler remains among Miami’s leaders in loose balls recovered (18, second) and deflections (58, third). In the grand scheme, his presence is still productive enough to swing the Heat’s net rating by 7.6 points, which is a higher mark than Jayson Tatum of the Boston Celtics (plus-5.3), Donovan Mitchell of the Cleveland Cavaliers (plus-3.2) and Kevin Durant of the Phoenix Suns (plus-2.0).

Depending on the day, Butler’s feelings on being traded seemingly range from being dismissive to entertained. Although he says he’s staying away from social media as rumors circulate, he’s aware of — and amused by — every pitched proposal and the attention paid to the color of his braids, the latter of which he credits to his daughter and not the idea he’s trolling potential trade suitors.

GO DEEPER

Heat Today: Jimmy Butler trade rumors swirl, but Heat history with star exits signals waiting game

Whatever the case, the bigger picture is still unfolding for Miami and Butler, even as the team takes a day-by-day approach to its star’s future and simply winning games. If, by the Feb. 6 trade deadline, the Heat pivot from last week’s sentiments and part with Butler via trade, few reasonable people would argue against the potential rationale, considering the ages of Bam Adebayo (27) and Tyler Herro (24) eventually needing younger support should Miami choose to rebuild. The right collection of win-now players, salary-cap flexibility, prospects and/or draft picks could change a lot in the next month or beyond.

But until that happens, the Heat remain focused on keeping the main thing the main thing as they sit one game out of fourth in the East. Close losses have been the bane of their season so far, but games like Wednesday’s can help with stacking wins and quelling trade chatter, even if for just another day. It could be easy to nitpick Butler’s performance against the Pelicans (nine points on just five shots) as a product of the off-the-court distractions. But it’s also important to remember he was returning from a 13-day absence that saw him lose weight because of an illness. Depending on your perspective, it’s easy to see what you want.

At this point, though, what’s another day of rumors in the NBA? In one word: normal.

In May, Anthony Slater of The Athletic expected the Warriors to be interested in Butler should his time in Miami reach an end. Since then, Butler’s reported list of preferred teams has grown, but the Heat remain steadfast in blocking out external chatter, even if few people buy the notion Butler is off the market.

Whether both parties agree to a trade destination, reach a pact on a new contract or simply dial in on notching wins as they’ve done since Butler’s arrival in 2019, their best approach is to do so together.

(Top photo: Jeff Haynes / Getty Images)

James Jackson is from South Florida and works as a Staff Editor covering the NBA. Before joining The Athletic, he worked various roles during stops within the NBA, NFL, ESPN and other platforms. James graduated from Florida A&M University in 2012 and earned a Sports Emmy in 2021.

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
California Notices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/6032669/2025/01/02/jimmy-butler-trade-bam-adebay-tyler-herro-heat-nba/ 
 ----- 
