Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Golden State Warriors Player Suffers Broken Nose
Golden State Warriors head coach Steve Kerr revealed injury news.
Joey Linn | Oct 14, 2024
Portland Trail Blazers guard Shaedon Sharpe and Golden State Warriors guard Brandin Podziemski at Moda Center. / Soobum Im-Imagn Images
In this story:
Golden State Warriors

The Golden State Warriors are a perfect 4-0 in the NBA preseason. While this is not indicative of how the Warriors will perform in the regular season, it has been encouraging to see how some of the team’s new and returning players have performed.

Steve Kerr has a lot of decisions to make with his starting lineup. Steph Curry and Draymond Green are the only locks to start right now, with the other three spots having several different options.

One player competing for a starting spot is second year guard Brandin Podziemski. Exiting Sunday’s game against the Detroit Pistons after taking an inadvertent hit to the face from his teammate Trayce Jackson-Davis, Podziemski was initially ruled out with a nose contusion.

Speaking with reporters on Monday, Warriors head coach Steve Kerr revealed that Podziemski has a broken nose.

Via Monte Poole of NBC Sports Bay Area: “Per Warriors coach Steve Kerr: Brandin Podziemski has a broken nose. Being fitted for a mask. Will not play Tuesday vs Lakers in Vegas. Andrew Wiggins, Stephen Curry and Draymond Green all expected to play.”

The injury occurred in the third quarter when Podziemski ran into Jackson-Davis. Out for Tuesday’s game against the Los Angeles Lakers, Podziemski will likely have to go through several clearance steps before returning to game action.

Related Articles

Draymond Green's Reaction to Steph Curry's Incredible Shot in USA-France Goes Viral

Boston Celtics Legend Slams Steve Kerr for Controversial Jayson Tatum Decision

Caitlin Clark's Two-Word Reaction to Steph Curry's Performance in USA-France

Published Oct 14, 2024
JOEY LINN

Title: Credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation Email: joeylinn52@gmail.com Education: Communication Studies degree from Biola University Location: Los Angeles, California Expertise: NBA analysis and reporting Experience: Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Follow joeylinn_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/warriors/news/golden-state-warriors-player-suffers-broken-nose-01ja68yydb95 
 ----- 
