quickmenu
search
kcampus
celeb
Newsletter
Subscribe
Free Sample
korea joongAng daily
Sports
Football
Baseball
Volleyball
Basketball
Golf
Tennis
MMA
Olympic Sports
Esports
More

Thursday

November 16, 2023

 dictionary + A - A 
Son Heung-min — the face that inspired a thousand tattoos?
Published: 16 Nov. 2023, 09:03
Updated: 17 Nov. 2023, 10:34
JIM BULLEY
jim.bulley@joongang.co.kr

Son Heung-min [REUTERS/YONHAP]

 
A Golden Boot, a Puskas Award, captain of both club and country and countless Player of the Months. There aren’t many honors Son Heung-min has not earned — and you can apparently now add biggest tattoo inspiration since "I heart Mom" to that list.
 
Son ranks first among Premier League players inspiring the most ink, according to a new study by British betting company Betway and marketing firm Kaizen. Manchester United’s Marcus Rashford comes second, followed by Manchester City’s Phil Foden and Arsenal’s Declan Rice.
 

Related Article
Koreans in Europe: Son scores to keep Spurs on top
[VIDEO] Son Heung-min explains the responsibility is different this season
[WHY] Semi-permanent tattoos provide a shot of confidence despite legal uncertainties
 
The study is based on search volume, meaning that there were more Google searches for some variation of “Son Heung-min tattoo” than there were for any other player. Son saw 28,920 searches over the last year, according to the data from Betway and Kaizen, followed by Rashford with 21,120, Foden with 17,760 and Rice with 11,160.
 
The list drops off rapidly after that. Former Tottenham star Harry Kane is in fifth — presumably because he played in the Premier League for part of the year — with 3,720, followed by Liverpool’s Virgil Van Dijk with 3,360, City’s Kevin De Bruyne with 2,760, Erling Haaland with 1,920 and Rodri with 1,680, and Arsenal’s Bukayo Saka on 1,560.
 
Of course, searching for “Son Heung-min tattoo” — or more likely “Sonny tattoo” — does not actually equal getting the tattoo. In fact, a quick Google search brings up very few images of actual Son tattoos — although there is a Park Ji-sung — suggesting that the 28,920 Son tattoo fans either decided against getting one, did not share it online or are still waiting to get it done.
 
Betway and Kaizen also broke down the Premier League teams by tattoo popularity, with Manchester United topping the table with 158,400 yearly searches and 418,000 TikTok hashtag views. West Ham came in second, followed by Arsenal, Liverpool and Chelsea.  
 
Tottenham ranked seventh with 29,760 searches, suggesting that according to this methodology, Son is only slightly less popular than the club itself.
 
Liverpool’s Mohamed Salah, who did not make the top 10 by Google search, ranked highest in terms of TikTok hashtag views. According to Betway and Kaizen, that likely translates into more actual tattoos, as TikTok videos are more likely to focus on the real ink rather than the idea.
 
Son, as tattoo-less as he’s ever been, is back in Korea this week for the international break. Korea will face Singapore on Thursday in Seoul and China on Nov. 21 in China in two World Cup qualifiers. If you’re still here for the ink, center-back Kim Min-jae has got you covered.


Pause
Unmute
Loaded: 100.00%
Remaining Time 
-0:36
Fullscreen
BY JIM BULLEY [jim.bulley@joongang.co.kr]
    
 Son Heung-min tattoo Tottenham Hotspur Spurs Korea
More in Football

 Sports Ministry refuses to back down on call for Korean football chief to be suspended

 Goalkeeper Song Bum-keun returns to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors

 K League sets single-season ticket sales record in 2024

 Kim Ji-soo makes second Premier League appearance in Brentford's loss to Arsenal

 Moon Seon-min joins FC Seoul from Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors

Related Stories

 Tottenham lose North London derby 1-0

 Son Heung-min could be back in action this weekend

 Son scores another as Spurs take 2-0 win over Brentford

 Sonta Claus

 [VIDEO] Son Heung-min on Spurs' win vs Preston and his trademark goal

What’s Popular Now
1
‘He gave his best’: Photo of Jeju Air captain's final efforts before crash draws online condolences
2
'Squid Game' actor Park Sung-hoon apologizes for uploading lewd image on Instagram
3
Espionage in Guam: FBI accuses South Korean of financing North
4
Song Joong-ki halts promotions for film
5
Hyun Bin's 'Harbin' hits 3 million moviegoers in 9 days
6
Police disperse clashing protesters as Yoon's arrest draws near
7
Rare broadcast sparks speculation over Kim Yo-jong's children
8
Jeju Air disaster live: Police raid airport, aviation authority and Jeju Air headquarters
9
[WHY] Why did Yoon declare martial law? Korea's political YouTubers might be to blame.
10
Korea may face chip talent outflow on Trump expansion of H-1B
11
Travel ban slapped on Jeju Air CEO as police investigate deadly plane crash
12
Hermès, LVMH-owned luxury brands to raise prices despite economic woes
13
Families devastated as funerals begin for victims of Jeju Air disaster
14
Police raid multiple sites linked to Jeju Air disaster
15
KBS faces backlash after staff spotted nailing installations at World Heritage site
16
Shamanism and tattoos: Korean cultural elements in 'Squid Game' season 2 explained
17
Celebrities donate to support victims' families of Jeju Air tragedy
18
'Culinary Class Wars' Triple Star under fire after allegations from 'exes'
19
K-pop in 2025: The rookies and acts hyped to make a big splash next year
20
Netflix refutes research organization's profit predictions for 'Squid Game' season 2

Korea JoongAng Daily Sitemap 

National

Politics

Social Affairs

North Korea

Diplomacy

Defense

People

Environment

K-campus

Guest Reports

Business

Economy

Industry

Tech

Finance

In-depth

Guest Reports

Culture

Features

Arts & Design

Food & Travel

Life & Style

Books

Korean Heritage

Games & Webtoons

Entertainment

K-pop

Music & Performance

Movies

Television

Ticket

Sports

Football

Baseball

Volleyball

Basketball

Golf

Tennis

MMA

Olympic Sports

Esports

More

Opinion

Editorials

Columns

Meanwhile

Today's Fortune

Cartoons

Letters

Word on the Web

Think English

Current Issues

Bilingual News

Audio News

Readers' Opinion

Journalism Internship
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://koreajoongangdaily.joins.com/news/2023-11-16/sports/football/Son-Heungmin--the-face-that-inspired-a-thousand-tattoos/1914402 
 ----- 
