MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
LeBron has his 114th triple-double in the Lakers' 116-106 win over the slumping 76ers
Published Nov. 9, 2024 12:35 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

LOS ANGELES (AP) — LeBron James had 21 points, 13 assists and 12 rebounds in his second triple-double of the season, and the Los Angeles Lakers extended the Philadelphia 76ers' miserable start with a 116-106 victory Friday night.

Anthony Davis scored 31 points, Austin Reaves had 20 and D'Angelo Russell added 18 as a reserve for the Lakers, who remained unbeaten at home this season in their return from a 1-4 trip.

James secured his 114th career triple-double early in the fourth quarter.

Paul George scored nine points for the Sixers, who dropped to 1-7 while playing without two of their top three players. Rookie Jared McCain had 18 points for Philadelphia, which has lost five straight.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Former league MVP Joel Embiid served the second game of his three-game suspension for shoving a reporter, while All-Star guard Tyrese Maxey missed his first game with the hamstring injury that will sideline him for at least two weeks.

Bronny James played the final 1:28.

Takeaways

76ers: Winning without Embiid and Maxey seems awfully difficult, and the Sixers couldn't play enough defense to stay competitive.

Lakers: Cam Reddish replaced Russell in the starting lineup, and rookie coach JJ Redick's strategy appeared to work. The mercurial Russell played comfortably and aggressively as a reserve.

Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
North Charleston: Wooden Puzzles - Closing Sale - 85% Off
Prices start at $4.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Key moment

Philadelphia erased an early 13-point deficit shortly before halftime, but the Lakers made an 8-0 run into the break and a 10-0 surge shortly after it to take charge.

Key stat

The 39-year-old James has seven triple-doubles since he passed Tim Duncan one year ago to become the second-oldest player in NBA history to accomplish the feat. Karl Malone was 40 years and 127 days old when he became the oldest player with a triple-double in November 2003.

Up next

The Lakers host Toronto on Sunday night. The 76ers return home to face Charlotte on Sunday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBA

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
LeBron James
Los Angeles Lakers
National Basketball Association
Tyrese Maxey
Joel Embiid
D'Angelo Russell
Paul George
Austin Reaves
LeBron James
Los Angeles Lakers
Philadelphia 76ers
NBA - Philadelphia 76ers vs. Los Angeles Lakers - 11/09/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/lebron-has-his-114th-tripledouble-in-the-lakers-116106-win-over-the-slumping-76ers 
 ----- 
