International Football

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
How England suffered demoralising 1-0 defeat to Iceland ahead of Euro 2024
England will arrive at Euro 2024 on the back of an embarrassing 1-0 defeat to Iceland at Wembley
Michael Dominski
June 8, 2024 at 4:38 PM UTC
Getty Images
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Result: England 0-1 Iceland
England lose their final match before the start of Euro 2024
Thorsteinsson (12') scored the only goal of the game
England missed a number of good chances in poor display
First game at Euro 2024 against Serbia next Sunday June 16

Subscribe to The Athletic using our latest discount code

GO FURTHER

England 0 Iceland 1: Mainoo’s audition, a disjointed press and are they really Euros favourites?

June 7, 2024 at 9:29 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
What's next?

Not long to wait now until Euro 2024 gets under way – here are the key dates:

Monday, June 10: England squad fly to Germany
Sunday, June 16: Serbia vs England (group stage)
Thursday, June 20: Denmark vs England (group stage)
Tuesday, June 25: England vs Slovenia (group stage)
Saturday, June 29 - Tuesday, July 2: Euro 2024 Round of 16
Friday, July 5 & Saturday, July 6: Euro 2024 Quarter-finals
Tuesday July 9 & Wednesday, July 10: Euro 2024 Semi-finals
Sunday, July 14: Euro 2024 final
June 7, 2024 at 9:22 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Southgate: Stones is 'probably OK'

Getty Images

Southgate also touched on the fitness of John Stones, who was taken off at half-time after an opponent fell on the back of his ankle in the opening minute: "We think he is probably OK. We didn't want to take the chance."

June 7, 2024 at 9:20 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Southgate: It's not going to be as easy as people say

More from Southgate speaking after the match: "I've been involved in a lot of last matches leading into a tournament. Inevitably players have one eye on what's coming in terms of early challenges. No excuses on the result but there are a lot of things we can put right quickly.

"Everyone is saying we’re going to go there and walk through and have no problems. But the reality of international football isn’t that. We’ve got to be far better without the ball than we were today, and then we’ve got to show more composure than we’ve shown with the ball."

June 7, 2024 at 9:17 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Southgate focusses on positives

Getty Images

Gareth Southgate spoke about taking some positives from the match despite the result: "We learned a lot. We know the performance wasn’t good enough. Equally, I think we needed the game. So many of the players needed the game. There are a lot of players whose minutes we are managing, who have had a break since the end of the Premier League, where you are trying to refresh them but they are out of the rhythm of playing.

"It was obviously a disjointed and disappointing performance and we didn't show enough character. But actually, I think it’s a really good focus for us ahead of the tournament. I think we've got to be better without the ball. I think that there were a lot of reasons for that and across the two games we probably haven't had our full side out across any two games. We've been able to look at people, we've been able to learn about the balance of the team."

June 7, 2024 at 9:13 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Not the send-off England wanted

This is the first time since 1968 that England have lost their final match before a major international tournament.

In 1968, they lost 1-0 against Germany before heading to the Euros, in which they took third place.

June 7, 2024 at 9:08 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Rice: 'There's work to be done'

Getty Images

Declan Rice also spoke to Channel 4 after the match: "When we have that much of the ball, we have a couple of clear-cut chances and get beat 1-0 at home just before a Euros is not ideal. But there were a lot of positive performances. In the end it becomes a frustration game, you're chasing your tail a little bit and get caught on the counter-attack. It's not ideal we lost but there's a lot of learning curves you can build on as a team.

"There's no doubt about our quality on the ball as a collective. Maybe against the teams that sit in it's about being a bit mentally switched on. I felt at times we were a little stretched, not as compact as we usually are. Inside I'm hurting and between now and the next game there's work to be done.

"I'm sure we're going to be more than ready for Serbia."

June 7, 2024 at 9:01 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Gordon looks at the 'bigger picture'

Getty Images

Anthony Gordon spoke to Channel 4 after England's loss: "It didn't go the way we wanted but it's the bigger picture. It's great practice for us, that's probably how teams are going to play against us, so the more we play against teams like that and learn to break them down the better.

"We had a bit of a lack of quality around the final third."

On his chances of starting England's first game: "I hope so. That's the first time I've kicked a ball really for four weeks so I just wanted to run to go into the tournament feeling fit and feeling fresh."

June 7, 2024 at 8:57 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Reader reaction: 'Southgate out'

Getty Images

Let's just say that subscribers to The Athletic who support England aren't taking this result well. Here's a sampling of their thoughts, with much of their ire directed towards Gareth Southgate...

Chris C: Southgate out. Take your jumper and your M&S ads with you. I don’t even care that we lost - I just don’t care if we’re playing anymore. IT’S. SO. BORING. If you can’t get excited to watch your country, what’s the point?

Samuel E: He’s caved in to the demands of a bunch of internet simpletons. We’re now far too open at the back, and the attack is made up of a load of randoms who’ve never played with each other. I liked Old Southgate that got us deep in tournaments. Everyone else has got what they wished for. Good work

David B: Please can Gareth get the Man U job. He might actually be able to relegate them because he’s absolutely CLUELESS! If we somehow manage to win the Euros it will be in spite of him.

June 7, 2024 at 8:53 PM UTC
The Athletic UK Staff
Instant reaction to England's loss

So much for England’s celebratory send off for Euro 2024.

Gareth Southgate’s side conceded the first goal at the national stadium — yet again — and could only huff and puff in search of an equaliser as Iceland, who failed to qualify for this month’s tournament, secured an historic first win at Wembley. This was a downbeat way to finish preparations before the team depart for Germany.

Rob Tanner and Liam Tharme were at Wembley to break down some of the main talking points from the game, follow the link below to check out their breakdown.

GO FURTHER

England 0 Iceland 1: Mainoo’s audition, a disjointed press and are they really Euros favourites?

June 7, 2024 at 8:50 PM UTC
Duncan Alexander
England didn't create enough chances

England outshot Iceland 13 to eight tonight, but Iceland recorded four shots on goal to just one for the hosts.

598 England passes, though, for just the one shot on target. Against Iceland. At home.

June 7, 2024 at 8:46 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Great result for Iceland

A famous result for Iceland as they win at Wembley for the first time. As the full-time whistle blew, the cameras showed a young Iceland fan holding up the 1-0 scoreline with his fingers while grinning wide from ear to ear.

The shame for them, of course, is that they failed to qualify for Euro 2024, falling at the final play-off stage.

June 7, 2024 at 8:42 PM UTC
Rob Tanner
·
Leicester City Correspondent
England head to Germany with more questions than answers

Getty Images

England can’t have too many complaints tonight. Defensively they have been caught out far too often and while they have had a couple of great chances they should have taken in each half, they haven’t created enough opportunities. The creativity around the box has been lacking tonight.

Worryingly, it has been a disjointed display with only a week to put the issues right. Southgate has plenty to ponder. With the upheaval of the squad announcement yesterday, injuries and the displays in the two warm-up games, England head to Germany with issues to resolve.

June 7, 2024 at 8:39 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
FT: England 0-1 Iceland

Boos ring around Wembley as the final whistle blows. Not the result Gareth Southgate and England wanted on the eve of Euro 2024!

June 7, 2024 at 8:38 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Alexander-Arnold creates something from nothing

90+4' England 0-1 Iceland

Alexander-Arnold nearly scores from nothing, firing a shot from the wing that takes a slight deflection and nearly finds the inside of the far post.

Alternatively, if any of his team-mates had been crashing the back post at that moment, they would have had a simple tap-in for an equaliser.

June 7, 2024 at 8:34 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
FIVE minutes added on

Getty Images

90+1' England 0-1 Iceland

Five minutes for England to prevent a morale-sapping result on the eve of Euro 2024.

June 7, 2024 at 8:33 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Saka goes for goal

90' England 0-1 Iceland

Saka attempts to do it on his own. He cuts inside one defender from the right wing and unleashes a shot, but it's blocked by the second defender.

June 7, 2024 at 8:31 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
England running out of time

Getty Images

88' England 0-1 Iceland

Some England fans are beginning to leave Wembley, either to beat the traffic or to avoid seeing the end of a poor result...

June 7, 2024 at 8:30 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Eze dangerous again

86' England 0-1 Iceland

Eze was a livewire in attack against Bosnia on Monday and is creating more danger again today. He combines well with Gomez before crossing for Alexander-Arnold at the far post, but Iceland's defence block his ensuing first-time cross.

June 7, 2024 at 8:25 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Saka draws booking

Getty Images

81' England 0-1 Iceland

Saka beats Finnsson down the right flank, forcing the defender to put in a sliding challenge that doesn't come close to the ball. Finnsson is booked, as Haraldsson was a few moments ago as well.

Load more updates
National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/live-blogs/england-iceland-euro-2024-live-updates-score-result/dBPRe13KbTm5/ 
 ----- 
