Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Postgame Takeaways: Reds Beat Astros 5-3 in Game One of the Series
It was the Reds' second win in a row.
Greg Kuffner | Sep 2, 2024
Sep 2, 2024; Cincinnati, Ohio, USA; Cincinnati Reds second baseman Jonathan India (6) leads off from second in the first inning against the Houston Astros at Great American Ball Park. Mandatory Credit: Katie Stratman-USA TODAY Sports / Katie Stratman-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
Cincinnati Reds

The Cincinnati Reds (66-73) beat the Houston Astros (75-63) 5-3 on Monday afternoon.

Here are our postgame takeaways:

Team Effort on the Mound

During the past two weeks, Cincinnati's pitching staff has been asked to do a lot of things they aren't used to doing. On Monday, Julian Aguiar took the mound of just three days of rest. The right-hander pitched 2 2/3 innings, giving up two runs on two hits.

Sam Moll followed Aguiar and tossed 1 1/3 scoreless frames.

Carson Spiers came on in relief of Moll and gave the Reds 2 1/3 innings of one-run baseball. He got out of a bases-loaded jam in the sixth.

Emilio Pagan followed, throwing 2 1/3 innings and allowed just one hit. Justin Wilson came on to get the last out in the ninth and record his second save of the season.

Reds Get to Verlander

Justin Verlander walked the first three batters he faced in the first inning. TJ Friedl followed with a sacrifice fly to give the Reds an early lead. Ty France would follow with an RBI single to make it a 2-0 Reds' lead.

After the Astros tied the game at two, Santiago Espinal hit a bloop single down the right field line that scored Jake Fraley and France to give the Reds a 4-2 advantage. Amed Rosario followed with an RBI single of his own.

Up Next

The Reds have an off day on Tuesday before resuming the series with the Astros on Wednesday at 6:40 ET.

News and Notes

The Reds are 48-10 when scoring five runs or more.
The Reds are 41-16 when allowing three runs or less.
It was just the 10th win this season where they did not hit a home run. (10-39)

Make sure you bookmark Cincinnati Reds Talk for the latest news, exclusive interviews, and daily coverage of the Cincinnati Reds!

You May Also Like:

Cincinnati Reds Ace Hunter Greene Placed on 15-Day Injured List With Elbow Injury

Cincinnati Reds Legend Brandon Phillips is Making Major Impact in Retirement

Matt McLain Cleared to Swing, Not Yet Ready to Begin Rehab Assignment

Cincinnati Reds Free Agent Addition Appears on List No One Wants to Be On

Cincinnati Reds Have Four Prospects on MLB Pipeline’s Top 100 List

Reds Top Prospect Rhett Lowder Has Another Dominant Outing in Double-A

Former Cincinnati Reds Top Prospect Just Dropped in Latest Rankings 

Look: Cincinnati Reds Release 2025 Spring Training Schedule

Look: Cincinnati Reds Prospect Chase Petty Has Awesome Outing

Cincinnati Reds Legend Critical of Mindset and Expectations in Clubhouse 

Why Hunter Greene Deserves Real Cy Young Award Consideration This Season

Cincinnati Reds TJ Friedl Gets Hilarious Reaction After Hitting Home Run

Reds Infielder Jonathan India: A Tale of Peaks, Potential, and an Uncertain Future

Cincinnati Reds Bringing Back Familiar Face, Signing Tucker Barnhart to Contract

Watch: Cincinnati Reds Prospect Cam Collier Joins Intentional Talk on MLB Network

Cincinnati Reds Make it Official, Will Play Braves at Bristol Motor Speedway

Cincinnati Reds Release Complete Schedule for 2024 Regular Season

-----

Follow Inside the Reds on Twitter/X: @RedsTalkSI

Like Our Facebook Page

Subscribe and follow the ONLY Daily Reds Podcast

Follow on Instagram

Published Sep 2, 2024|Modified Sep 2, 2024
GREG KUFFNER

Greg Kuffner a contributor to Reds On SI. He graduated from the University of Cincinnati and worked for the Sports Information Department during his time as a student. He follows all things Reds year round, including the minor league system.

Follow RedsDaily4

Home
/
Cincinnati Reds Analysis
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/reds/cincinnati-reds-analysis/postgame-takeaways-cincinnati-reds-beat-astros-5-3-in-game-one-of-the-series-01j6tbxvzt8f 
 ----- 
