Yankees launch three homers, complete sweep of Athletics
Dominguez, Judge, and Torres all went deep for New York
9/22/2024, 11:05 PM

John Flanigan

Freelance Editorial Producer
0 seconds of 3 minutes, 13 secondsVolume 0%
 

The Yankees homered three times in their 7-4 win over the Oakland Athletics to complete the three-game series sweep on Sunday afternoon.

Here are some takeaways...

- Jasson Dominguez has gotten off to a bit of cold start since being called back up to the big leagues, but he got the Yanks on the board in this one with his second home run of the season. The youngster has now driven in runs in two straight games and he's quietly hitting .300 over his last seven.

- Aaron Judge again heard MVP chants on the road as he crushed his 55th home run of the season to dead center, giving the Yanks the lead in the top of the third. The big man added a double and two walks over his next three at-bats, giving him a .327 average and 1.109 OPS over his last 15 games.

- Gleyber Torres continues to do a nice job setting the tone out of the leadoff spot for the Yanks, finishing 2-for-4 with a single and a solo homer. The slugger now has a .325 average and 11 RBI and he has hits in all but three games down the stretch during the final month of the season.

- Giancarlo Stanton built off his big day at the plate by picking up another RBI with a hard-hit double in the top of the seventh. The big man has driven in runs in back-to-back games, and he's reached base safely in six of his last seven.

- Luis Gil was hurt by a pair of two out walks and he gave up two runs in the first, but he settled in nicely after that, keeping Oakland off the board over the next four innings. The young righty was pulled after allowing back-to-back singles with one out in the sixth, and then Ian Hamilton entered and gave up a two-run double. Overall, Gil finished the day allowing four runs on five hits while walking three and striking out five over 5.1 innings of work.

- Clay Holmes ran into trouble in the bottom of the eighth, but Luke Weaver once again came on an got out of the inning, before retiring the side in order to close out the game. Weaver has been New York's most reliable reliever of late, securing all four of his save opportunities across seven consecutive scoreless appearances.

Game MVP: Aaron Judge

The captain was on-base four more times on the afternoon, including two homers and a double, as he continues building on his stellar American League MVP candidacy.

Highlights

Our Favorite Martian 👽 pic.twitter.com/CgZluurJsE

— New York Yankees (@Yankees) September 22, 2024

Homer No. 55 for No. 99 🫡#ALLRISE pic.twitter.com/6ZEM4cp0oo

— New York Yankees (@Yankees) September 22, 2024

A Beautiful Day in the Gleyberhood 🙌 pic.twitter.com/sRDOJWDQdi

— New York Yankees (@Yankees) September 22, 2024

Big G Drive 💪 pic.twitter.com/STpaxypeH4

— New York Yankees (@Yankees) September 22, 2024
Upcoming schedule

The Yankees return home to the Bronx for a big three-game set against the Baltimore Orioles starting on Tuesday at 7:05 p.m.

Clarke Schmidt (5-4, 2.37 ERA) takes the mound for the series opener against right-hander Dean Kremer (7-10, 4.19 ERA).

SHARE
TAGS

Yankees

#

John Flanigan

POPULAR IN THE COMMUNITY
About SNY
Advertise with SNY
Get SNY
Studios
Contact
Jobs
Internships
Privacy Policy
Closed Captioning
Terms of Use

Owned and operated by SportsNet New York, part of the SNY Blog Network. SNY trademarks and copyrights are the property of SportsNet New York, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sny.tv/articles/yankees-athletics-takeaways-9-22-2024 
 ----- 
