Skip to main content
Sign UpLog In
Home
News
Sports
Opinions
Records
Island Life
Classifieds
Special Publications
Hot Deal$
Site search
Toggle navigation
Michael Coggins
Mar 18, 2024  0
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

The Coggins family announces the passing of Michael Anthony Coggins,

on Friday, March 1, 2024, at the Roy L. Schneider Regional Hospital.

He was born June 13,1936, to Emaunlita Sanchez and Patrick Coggins, in Febeau Village, San Juan-Laventille, Trinidad.

He is survived by his wife, Norma Anderson-Coggins, and five children, Michael Anthony Coggins were married; from their union, five children were conceived, Patrick “Reggae” Coggins, Kenneth “Jimmy” Coggins, Richard “Richie Coggins, Frank “Ben” Coggins, and Karen “Premee” Coggins.

Michael was educated in the community school established by the Catholic diocese. His education earned him two skills - printing and music performance. He became a highly skilled Linotypist, first working as an apprentice at the Trinidad Guardian, then answering an advertised position placed in the Guardian by a leading news outlet in Jamaica called The Gleaner, he relocated to Jamaica and began work at the Gleaner. As a young trombonist, in Jamaica, he was introduced to the latest panoramic music of Jamaica, Reggae and performed with a few local bands.

After a brief stint working in Jamaica, he returned to Trinidad and rejoined the Trinidad Guardian while using his other skill as an exceptional trombonist performing with multiple dance bands in his homeland, including a recording in which he was a member of the accompanying ensemble for a Mighty Sparrow recording.

With his ever-present urge to travel, he once again answered an advertisement posted in the Guardian, by the Virgin Islands Daily News. Michael arrived in the Virgin Islands in 1962 as an experienced Linotype setter. He worked for The Virgin Islands Daily News then located at Wimmelskafts Gade - Back Street, for 6 years.

He continued to hone his musical skills through individualized practice in his apartment located in Long Path. He often spoke highly of his landlord - the Watlington family, who commented on his rendered performance skills and enjoyed his tenor trombone practice exercises.

His living location gave him a strategic opportunity to get to work easily. And on weekend evenings, he listened to a dance band which played at a nearby nightclub high on Bunker Hill overlooking Long Path, called Pilgrim’s Terrace.

A humble, quiet, and somewhat shy individual, It took him a while to muster the courage to ask to ‘sit-in’ with this dance band, but he finally did.

In 1962, Michael Anthony Coggins became the first trombonist and, until 1985 (23 years), a member of the well-traveled Virgin Islands band, Milo and His Kings, setting high performance standards for the Caribbean and Virgin Islands for music communities for years to come.

The art of Caribbean Trombone Performance Style in dance band music entered the United States Virgin Islands with Michael A. Coggins being the pioneer. He unleashed his innermost Trinidadian-musical passion before thousands of dance enthusiasts, and young students of music. The music community was rhapsodized in this new sound. Coggie set the standard in trombone dance band performance.

A troubadour on selected evenings, Michael gave freely of his time to teach younger bands on St. Thomas, well-arranged personal instrumental music compositions, thereby expanding the band’s repertoire. This, while working full-time at the Virgin Islands Daily News, and as a member of Milo and His Kings. His passion and love for sharing music were viewed as building positive interpersonal relationships, a paramount concept in his journey.

Michael was a member of Milo and His Kings when the band played in his homeland and was awarded “Best Band On The Road’ in the 1974 Trinidad Carnival.

On August 19, 1968, Michael accepted employment as a Printer III with the Government of The Virgin Islands, Property and Procurement, Division of Printing. He held that position for 32 years, until his retirement on December 12, 2000.

From 1985-2005 he was a member of the distinguished Imaginations Brass, and, as ambassadors of music from the United States Virgin Islands, the band traveled throughout the English-speaking Caribbean, Central and Latin American, the United States of America, and Germany. “Coggie'' spent his entire life doing God’s plan. Carried out at first by his parents during his formative years and exhibited throughout his adult life in every encounter he faced. He continued his musical journey well into the 21st Century.

In addition to his membership in three Calypso Ensembles, Coggins’ freelance recordings include: Sammy Watts band, notably Watts’ famous calypso, “Good Virgin Islands”; Ras Abijah’s full LP of original Reggae compositions; and multiple recordings at Malvern Gumbs’ Studio. If there was a need for trombone artistry, call Coggie!

In 2005, Coggins joined Cool Session Brass, performing 19 years with this ensemble.

The Virgin Islands Carnival Committee recognized his contribution to music locally, nationally, and internationally. In his honor, the 2019 Carnival Village was named the Michael Anthony Coggins Ville, a true tribute to his citizenship, character, and musicianship.

Tragically and Ironically, on the final evening of the village, Michael was accidentally run over by the van owned and operated by Cool Session Brass. Unfortunately, He never fully recovered from his injuries.

Coggins always made us conscious of human interaction, and avoidance of potential danger. Considering an altercation, he repeatedly instructed, “if a fight is there, you must move in the opposite direction.” Equally important was his non-violence statement of wisdom, “ I choose cooperation over confrontation.”

Relatives and friends are respectfully invited to attend first viewing on Wednesday, March 20, 2024 at Celestial Chapel of Dan Hurley Home for Funerals, from 7 to 9 p.m. Funeral service will be held on Thursday, March 21, 2024 at St. Peter and Paul Cathedral at 9:30 a.m.

Interment: Eastern Cemetery.

Funeral arrangements are under the care of Dan Hurley Home for Funerals and Cremation Centers of St. Thomas, St. John, and St. Croix.

For online condolences or to share a special memory, visit our website at www.hurleydavisfuneralhome.com

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Michael Coggins

 (0) ENTRIES
Sign the guestbook.

Log In

Around The Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in District of Columbia (Check Zip Code)
Otto Quotes
The Conjoined Twins Are No Longer Together
KICKASS NEWS
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Site search
Sections
Home
News
Sports
Opinions
For the Record
Island Life
Multimedia
Online Features
Services
About_us
Subscription Services
Submission Forms
Classifieds
Place an Ad
Business Directory
Email Alerts
Search
Contact Information
virginislandsdailynews.com
9155 Estate Thomas
St. Thomas, VI 00802
Phone: 340-774-8772
Email: online@dailynews.vi

Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
© Copyright 2024 virginislandsdailynews.com 9155 Estate Thomas, St. Thomas, VI  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.virginislandsdailynews.com/obituaries/michael-coggins/article_bc1053a6-64a6-5f2d-8e8e-86d4cd08b7f9.html 
 ----- 
