PAKISTAN'S FIRST HD
SPORTS CHANNEL
Home
Latest News
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Other Sports
Series
Hong Kong Sixes: Asif Ali’s blitz powers Pakistan to victory over India
By
A Sports
November 1, 2024
 Share

HONG KONG: Asif Ali scored a blistering half-century to steer Pakistan to victory over India in the ongoing Hong Kong Cricket Sixes tournament here at Tin Kwong Road Cricket Ground on Friday.

Pakistan successfully chased the 120-run target without losing a wicket and qualified for the quarter-finals after topping Group C.

Asif Ali played a whirlwind knock of 55 runs from 14 balls, which featured two fours and seven sixes. His opening partner Mohammad Akhlaq struck 40 off 12 with the help of three fours and four sixes.

Pakistan captain Faheem Ashraf joined Akhlaq after Asif retired and smashed 22 runs from five balls to steer his side to victory over India.

Earlier in the day, Pakistan defeated the United Arab Emirates ((UAE) by 13 runs after setting a target of 129.

Asif Ali and Mohammad Akhlaq both scored half-centuries to help Pakistan post an imposing total without losing a wicket. Akhlaq smashed 52 off 15 with six maximums, while Asif struck 50 off 14, laced with seven sixes.

While defending 128, Pakistan bundled UAE for 115 as Asif Ali and Aamir Yamin took two wickets each.

Follow us on our Official WhatsApp channel

For the unversed, A total of 12 teams are participating in the highly-anticipated tournament, making its return after a six-year hiatus. The tournament will run from November 1 to 3, 2024.

Hosts Hong Kong alongside New Zealand and former champions South Africa are placed in Group A while Group B features Australia, England and Nepal.

Fierce rivals Pakistan and India are drawn in Group C, accompanied by the United Arab Emirates (UAE), whereas, Group D is comprised of Bangladesh, Oman and Sri Lanka.

South Africa and England lead with the most Hong Kong Sixes titles, each winning five. Sri Lanka, Australia, India, and the West Indies have each won one title.

Pakistan since the inception of the Hong Kong Cricket Sixes in 1993 have won the tournament four times, while it has remained runners-up of the event five times, which includes qualifying for the final of the last edition held in 2017.

READ: Winning even one ODI in Australia would be big deal: Wasim Akram

 Share
Previous article
David Miller, Heinrich Klaasen recalled to South Africa squad for India T20Is
Next article
England announce central contract list for 2024-25
- Advertisement -
Latest Stories
Babar Azam, Rizwan move up, Saud Shakeel suffers decline in ICC Test Rankings
 
PCB reveals revised pick order for PSL 10 Player Draft
 
PCB shifts tri-nation series to Lahore and Karachi
 
Michael Vaughan’s son to lead England U19 in South Africa
 
Fakhar Zaman ready to make a comeback in Champions Trophy
CORPORATE
ARY DIGITAL
ARY ZINDAGI
ARY NEWS
ASPORTS.TV
ARY QTV
ARY MUSIK
STAY CONNECTED
LIKE
FOLLOW
FOLLOW
SUBSCRIBE

2024 © a-sports.tv. All rights reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://a-sports.tv/hong-kong-sixes-asif-ali-powers-pakistan-to-beat-india/ 
 ----- 
