skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Sunday, Jan 05, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Border Gavaskar Trophy
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketIndia vs Ireland T20 Highlights: India win by two runs (DLS), Jasprit Bumrah nabs two wickets on comeback
India vs Ireland T20 Highlights: India win by two runs (DLS), Jasprit Bumrah nabs two wickets on comeback
IND vs IRE 1st T20 Highlights: The men in blue lead 1-0 in three-match series.
By: Sports Desk
Updated: August 19, 2023 00:14 IST
Follow Us
IND vs IRE Highlights: Jasprit Bumrah and Paul Stirling shake hands after the umpire's enforce a DLS method win for India in the first T20I. (BCCI/Twitter)

India vs Ireland 1st T20 Highlights: India won the first of three T20Is in Malahide, Durban against Ireland by two runs courtesy of the DLS method after rain halted play in the seventh over of their chase.

Pace spearhead Jasprit Bumrah made a splendid comeback as India restricted Ireland to a below par 139 for seven. Leading the side on his comeback after a 11-month layoff, Bumrah claimed 2/24. Fellow pacer Prasidh Krishna (2/32) and spinner Ravi Bishnoi (2/23) also bagged two wickets each. Ireland were 59/6 inside 11 overs before Barry McCarthy propped the total in the death overs with a well-crafted 33-ball 51 not out (4×4, 4×6).

India (Playing XI): Ruturaj Gaikwad, Yashasvi Jaiswal, Sanju Samson(w), Tilak Varma, Rinku Singh, Shivam Dube, Washington Sundar, Prasidh Krishna, Arshdeep Singh, Jasprit Bumrah(c), Ravi Bishnoi Ireland (Playing XI): Paul Stirling(c), Andrew Balbirnie, Lorcan Tucker(w), Harry Tector, Curtis Campher, George Dockrell, Mark Adair, Barry McCarthy, Craig Young, Joshua Little, Benjamin White

Match Ended
India tour of Ireland, 2023 - 1st T20I
Ireland
139/7 (20.0)
vs
India
47/2 (6.5)
Match Ended ( Day - 1st T20I )
India beat Ireland by 2 runs (D/L method)
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
India vs Ireland 1st T20I: Follow highlights from The Village, Dublin below.
23:05 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Post-match comments

Barry McCarthy, Player of the match: It is always good contribute to the team, disappointed that we didn't get a win. We were enforcing ourselves and playing strong shots. There was a little bit in the wicket. It is always nice to contribute.

Jasprit Bumrah: Felt very good, so many sessions I did at the NCA, didn't feel I miss out. Credit to the staff, they kept me in good shape. You are not thinking about yourself, you are thinking about there. There was some help due to the weather, so very happy. In every game, you would want more. They played well, after a crisis, they played well. credit where it is due. Even when you win, there are areas to improve on. Everybody is very confident, they are very well prepared. It is always good, wherever we go, they support us, that helps us to keep the spirit high.

22:52 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: That's that from Malahide

Well then, not the most ideal of ways to watch their team win for the Indian cricket fans but not a bad day either. A win. And, they got to see Jasprit Bumrah's first spell in a year's time. Two wickets for the Indian captain in a fairly decent spell that was closed by one of his typical death overs (one run). Prasidh Krishna, who made his debut for India also nabbed a couple of wickets and so did Ravi Bishnoi. Many would've wished to watch the other debutant, Rinku Singh have a bat in the middle but that also should come soon. For now, a shake of the hands between the two captains and the officials and we move to Sunday for the second T20I at the same venue. The forecast shows better conditions than today but never trust clouds in Ireland to stay away for too long. For now, it's Ciao from us. 

22:47 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: India win

THIS JUST IN: India have been deemed winnners of the first T20I by two runs courtesy of DLS method after rain forced play. The visitors lead 1-0 in the three-match series.

22:40 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Ashwin's verdict on IND bowling

Last time India toured Ireland for T 20 s, the home side were more than competitive but this time I really doubt there would be a fight.

We won a game defending 225 by 4 runs last time!

This attack consisting of Arshdeep, Bumrah and Prasidh might just be too much to handle.…

— Ashwin ?? (@ashwinravi99) August 18, 2023
22:38 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Those two Indian wickets

Just to revisit those two Indian dismissals. Jaiswal's attempt to up the ante was very much evident in his boundaries off Josh Little in the previous over and Craig Young fed him with just the perfect delivery to go rogue. A quick, short ball that was top edged and nabbed. 

Tilak Varma's knack for attacking from the word go isn't a secret anymore. The Irish would've seen him in action during the West Indies series and so, a delivery marginally down the leg side. Just enough for him to get a bat on it and then a fair share of luck that it was an edge. Good catch from Tucker behind the stumps.

Young halts #TeamIndia's onslaught!

Rate his back-to-back wickets with an emoji ?

Keep watching ??'s chase in the 1st T20I, LIVE on #Sports18 & streaming FREE on #JioCinema. pic.twitter.com/ShY28wB0fX

— JioCinema (@JioCinema) August 18, 2023
22:24 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: That comeback over from Jasprit Bumrah!

What a start from the #TeamIndia captain ?

Bumrah back to what he does best ?#IREvIND #JioCinema #Sports18 pic.twitter.com/IryoviTKGo

— JioCinema (@JioCinema) August 18, 2023
21:51 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Jaiswal and Varma back in the hut

Craig Young is the new bowler in. Goes for a short delivery against Jaiswal and the southpaw goes for the pull but skies it and skipper Paul Stirling takes the catch. Ireland get their first wicket. 

Tilak Varma is the new batter in. Young pitches a length ball outside leg and the southpaw edges it behind to the Irish keeper and BOY, INDIA HAVE LOST TWO OFF TWO BALLS. Hattrick ball coming up. Samson tucks it down third man for a single. Ah shucks, just when Ireland got themselves back in the game, rain forces stoppage. India, 47/2. Just for your info, two runs ahead on DLS par total.

21:49 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: End of powerplay

Little from over the wicket to Jaiswal. There's an lbw appeal but the umpire reckons it's either too high or has got the bat on it. Maybe both. Ultraedge shows there's an inside edge before the ball thumps on the pad. Ireland lose a review. The southpaw skips down the pitch and slots one through covers for four. Goes deep in his crease and pulls one over deep square leg for six to close the over. 45/0 after six overs.

21:44 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Gaikwad hooks McCarthy for six

McCarthy continues and Gaikwad takes out the hook shot off a short one. Sails over fine leg for six. With Jaiswal yet to get into his attacking mode, the right-hander has decided to take the initiative. A strong start this for India this, especially in comparison to where Ireland were at the same stage. 34/0 after five overs.

21:40 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Gaikwad with immaculate timing!

Josh Little into his second over. Ruturaj Gaikwad with a glorious crunch through covers for four. The balance and the timing on that! Not express pace, so he waited in his crease and stooped low to get his eyes on the ball and guide it on its way to the boundary. 22/0 after four overs.

21:34 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Quiet little over

McCarthy in to bowl the 3rd over and yields just 1 from 3 balls as Gaikwad puts Jaiswal on strike. The fourth raps Jaiswal on the knuckles as the bowler gets the extra bounce. He takes a single off the fifth and Ruturaj takes a single off the last. IND 16/0 after 3 overs

21:29 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Ireland lose a review

Josh Little will bowl the second over and gives away 2 runs from the first 3 balls. There was a chance for a run out but India survive without a blemish. A real comedy of errors in the middle. And there's a review for caught behind now. Big gap between bat and ball. Ireland lose the review. IND 13/0 after 2 overs

21:24 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Jaiswal starts strong

Right then, Jaiswal and Gaikwad will start the run chase and Mark Adair will open the bowling. The second ball is hit just over the bowler's head for 2 which is followed by a boundary by Jaiswal. The 5th ball is then smashed through the covers for 4 more!! IND 10/0 after 1 over

21:08 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: End of innings

Arshdeep Singh to close the innings for India. A slower bouncer from the left armer, round the wicket, is pulled by Barry McCarthy for a four behind square. His partnership with Curtis Campher has given Ireland something to defend with after going six down almost immediately after powerplay. Arshdeep changes his pace again and this time, he bowls length outside off, a delivery that is met with a powerful rebound down the ground for six. A no-ball follows. On the free hit, a full toss is smacked over long off. McCarthy gets his fifty in style and Ireland close the innings at 139/7.

21:03 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Bumrah closes his spell

Bumrah into his last over. Wraps up his spell with just the one run. 4-0-24-2. A nice feel good spell this for the predator India will need in their all-important 50-over season ahead. After 19 overs, Ireland are 117/7.

20:57 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Arshdeep removes Campher

Arshdeep Singh in place of Jasprit Bumrah. Breaks the partnership by coming round the wicket and angling in a yorker that beats Curtis Campher's. A good time to take a wicket for India. Ireland lose their seventh wicket for 117, 18 overs gone. 

20:52 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: 100 up

Barry McCarthy continues the attack from the other end. Swats a perfectly fine yorker for four through the point region before picking Krishna over long on for a maximum. This has been such a positive partnership between these two. Fifty stand up for the seventh wicket. Wraps up the over with another boundary to beat sweeper cover. 114/6 after 17 overs.

20:47 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Campher belters Bumrah for a four and a six

Jasprit Bumrah back into the attack. Misses his length and delivers a juicy full toss for Curtis Campher to dispatch down the extra cover boundary for four. Follows it with a good length delivery and Campher has got a hold of it alright, a six over deep mid wicket. Bumrah goes further back with his length and Campher tries to upper cut instead finds an edge. In the attempt to keep the ball away from Campher's arc, Bumrah delivers a wide. Good over that for Ireland. 13 runs come off it. 99/6 after 16.

20:43 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: McCarthy slap shot vs Krishna's short one

Prasidh Krishna into his second spell. McCarthy and Campher seemed to have found their groove as we approach the death overs territory. Back of a length delivery and the former deals it with a sweet-sounding slap shot down mid wicket for four. Krishna is persistent with his short length and he manages to win the battle more often than not. After 15 overs, the score is 86/6.

20:38 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Bishnoi's dive not good enough to save Campher 4

Sundar's third over and Curtis Campher shimmies down before ramping the ball down short fine. A run from Jasprit Bumrah and diving effort from Ravi Bishnoi is unable to keep the ball away from the fence. 80/6 after 14 overs.

20:34 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: McCarthy with the first six of innings

Bishnoi into his last over. Barry McCarthy goes big off a full delivery and connects it for the first maximum of the game down long on. It's out of Malahide and there's a change of ball that follows. 13 overs gone, Ireland are 72/6.

20:31 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: IND wrapping up quickly

Sundar into his second over. After the initial overs of pace, spin from both ends and India are going about their business pretty quickly. Another economical over from Sundar. Just the four runs off it. Ireland, 63/6 after 12 overs.

20:24 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Bishnoi strikes after change of ends

A change of ends for Bishnoi. And there's an lbw appeal against Mark Adair, who seems to have come too far down his crease at the point of impact. India go upstairs. No bat involved. Ball tracking shows three reds. Ireland lose another. A second wicket for Ravi Bishnoi. He's happy. That one outing for him during the T20Is against the West Indies hadn't been a memorable one. After 11 overs, Ireland are 59/6.

20:22 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: 10 overs gone

Washington Sundar replaces Ravi Bishnoi. Been some time since he featured in Indian colors as well. Meanwhile, a misfield from Indian skipper Jasprit Bumrah at extra cover off Mark Adair's shot. Not that easy to get a hold of the ball given the conditions. Leads to two runs. Seven come from the over. At the halfway stage, Ireland are 57/5.

20:17 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Fifty up!

Shivam Dube is entrusted with the ball. We haven't seen him bowl much for the Chennai Super Kings. And that boundary conceded in the over shows why. Offers too much width and length to Mark Adair, who whips him over sweeper cover for four. Fifty up for Ireland. 50/5 after nine.

20:13 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Campher's reverse sweep v Bishnoi

Ravi Bishnoi continues and lures Curtis Campher to take the attack to him. And he does, with a brilliantly executed reverse sweep over the infield for four down third man. Crucial runs these for India. Ireland 44/5 at the end of the eighth over.

20:06 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Dockrell hands Krishna another

Another one bites the dust, geez this is getting humiliating for the Irish. A nothing shot from George Dockrell, who finds Ruturaj Gaikwad at extra cover. Half of the Irish team is back in the hut and we're yet to be done with the seventh over. 

Mark Adair is the new batter in and manages to find an edge off Krishna's bouncer as it goes behind Sanju Samson for four. Ireland, five down for 35 after seven overs.

20:00 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Bishnoi gets in the act, Stirling cleaned up

Spin into the attack. Ravi Bishnoi induces an lbw appeal off his first delivery. Nothing given by the umpire against the Irish skipper. But as the home top order has done so far, they give India another opening. Stirling goes for a cut shot but completely misses the delivery and is cleaned up. Ireland in deep mud (pun intended) in Malahide. Ireland, four down for 31. End of powerplay.

19:58 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Krishna strikes in debut over

Prasidh Krishna with the ball on his T20I debut. It's taken some time for someone who made his ODI debut in March 2021 but finally a T20I game for Krishna, who already has 14 ODIs under his belt in Indian colors. Shivam Dube slips down mid on. A whole lot of mud to be dealt with. Stirling goes for another pull shot but this time hasn't found a connection for the ball to cross the deep mid wicket fence. Tector tries to up the ante, goes for a ramp shot but finds Tilak Varma at short third. Five overs gone, Ireland lose a third wicket for 27.

19:51 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Stirling with a first boundary

Arshdeep Singh continues from the other end. Ireland haven't been able to setlle in this powerplay. Skipper Paul Stirling has a go against the left armer but it whiskers past his outside edge and is not far off from the off stump. Arshdeep goes short but this time, Stirling stays deep in his crease - like Tector did against Bumrah - and dispatches another pull shot for four. After four overs, Ireland are 21/2.

19:46 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Tector stands ground vs Bumrah

Bumrah with a back of a length ball to start off his second over but Tector stands his ground and pulls it for his first boundary. Rinku Singh with some early fielding flexes on his India debut: a quick sprint down extra cover and a dive to his left. The captain applauds the southpaw, who was one of the big performance of IPL 2023. Six come off that over. 13/2 after three.

19:42 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Arshdeep finds swing and bounces

Arshdeep Singh starts off with a wide. The left armer, coming over the wicket, has managed to nip the ball away. Jasprit Bumrah had expressed his delight with the wicket and a cloud cover on top. Arshdeep banks on the bounce as he sees Harry Tector coming down the track and bangs one short. Finds an edge off the next ball and it's been all India early in this game. 7/2 after two.

19:34 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Bumrah strikes twice in first over

First ball, angled in towards the leg side and Balbirnie flicks it down the leg side for four. A wry smile from Bumrah. And then, he gets one to beat nip in and clip the off stump. A loud cheer around the venue as Bumrah gets his first wicket for India in almost a year's time.

And it's gone from bad to worse. Lorcan Tucker goes for a ramp shot and miscues it straight to keeper Sanju Samson. Another wicket for the Indian skipper in his first over. Ireland, 4/2.

19:27 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Here we go!

The two sets of players walk out with the mascots for the national anthems. Indian fans as far as the eye goes across the venue. The Indian players line up in their huddle and there are no prizes for guessing who has the new ball in his hands. Paul Stirling and Andrew Balbirnie walk down the middle. 

Jasprit Bumrah, right arm pacer, from over the wicket (Ah, feels so good to write this after all this while). On we go!

19:24 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: What to expect from the wicket?

This surface is known for pace, bounce and high scoring. Nice covering of grass on this pitch, it will seam around given the overcast conditions. But if batters can get set, they can score runs. The average first innings score is around 170, but you'll need atleast 180-85 to be competitive on this surface, reckons Rohan Gavaskar.

19:22 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Match time

Right then. The stands in Malahide are still getting filled up as we write but the players are all set and raring to go. None more so than Jasprit Bumrah. Oh, how long has he waited for this! How long have the Indian fans waited for this moment. Less than two months to go in the World Cup. Two weeks before India play Pakistan in Asia Cup. But for now, it's all about these four overs. The first bit of action he'll feature in since September 2022. Fingers crossed. For India as a group, it'll be about moving on from the 3-2 loss against the West Indies not that long ago. For Ireland, a chance to prove their mettle against a new look and yet pedigree Indian lineup. Rinku Singh and Prasidh Krishna receive their India caps. 

19:13 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Playing XIs

India: Ruturaj Gaikwad, Yashasvi Jaiswal, Sanju Samson(w), Tilak Varma, Rinku Singh, Shivam Dube, Washington Sundar, Prasidh Krishna, Arshdeep Singh, Jasprit Bumrah(c), Ravi Bishnoi

Ireland: Paul Stirling(c), Andrew Balbirnie, Lorcan Tucker(w), Harry Tector, Curtis Campher, George Dockrell, Mark Adair, Barry McCarthy, Craig Young, Joshua Little, Benjamin White

19:06 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Word from the skippers

Jasprit Bumrah: We'll bowl first, very happy to be here. The weather looks lovely. I feel good, looking forward to play some cricket. You realise what you were missing, very happy to be back. We expect nothing short of a fight from Ireland. As a fast bowler, I hope the pitch does something. We have two debuts - Rinku and Prasidh Krishna. Told them to just enjoy their cricket.

Paul Stirling: Looking forward to going out there. We have had a good run in Scotland, let's see what we can show today. This is the beginning of the road to 2024 and the World Cup. We're bringing Craig Young in today, excited to see what the extra pacer can do on this track.

19:05 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Word from the skippers

Jasprit Bumrah: We'll bowl first, very happy to be here. The weather looks lovely. I feel good, looking forward to play some cricket. You realising what you were missing, very happy to be back. We expect nothing short of a fight from Ireland. As a fast bowler, I hope the pitch does something. We have two debuts - Rinku and Prasidh Krishna. Told them to just enjoy their cricket.

19:02 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Toss

Jasprit Bumrah calls it right and opts to bowl first. 

19:02 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: First visuals

First visuals from Malahide show the two sets of players are out warming up. So are the hoodies. It's cold and typical Irish summer weather with a cloud cover on top. One would hope they don't have a say on this game. It looks like Rinku Singh will make his debut for India.

18:53 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Death bowling tenacity a by-product of Mukesh Kumar's journey

Mukesh Kumar made his debut across all three formats on the Caribbean tour. Even though he only managed to nab three wickets in the T20I series, a big revelation was his utility in the death overs, where he managed to keep an economy around 8. The mentality in tough situations perhaps comes from his past. 

Mukesh’s journey is of any youngster from smaller cities and villages, who leave their homes, and move to the metro cities to chase their dreams, to make a life for themselves and their family. 

“There are plenty like me who come from a small village, and leave their homes to chase their dreams in big cities. I had no clue about swing or seam till I joined the Bengal Ranji team. I only knew my tappa, what my initial coach back in Gopalganj had told me. Stick to your length,” he says. (Read more of his conversation with The Indian Express' Pratyush Raj)

18:46 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: The last time they played each other

It was a year back. A two-match series in June 2022. Both of which ended with an India win, even though the second was just won by four runs. The likes of Harry Tector and Joshua Little managed to impress against a Hardik Pandya-led side. Here's what the Ireland head coach Heinrich Malan had told The Indian Express at the time. 

18:34 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: 15 years of Virat Kohli in India's blue and whites

On a side note, it's 15 years to the day Virat Kohli made his international debut and what a joy it's been to witness him over these years. Here are a few specials from the Express archives to make for some good reading: 

-The wait is over: Virat Kohli survives storm, hits Test hundred after three years

-Chase thriller written and directed by Virat Kohli, on 'that' innings vs PAK at last year's T20 WC

-The inner life of Virat Kohli

-Two of a kind: How Virat Kohli is so Ronaldo and Ronaldo is so Virat Kohli

-Virat Kohli: A cricketer for our times

18:23 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Probable XI

IND: Ruturaj Gaikwad, Yashasvi Jaiswal, Sanju Samson (wk), Tilak Varma, Rinku Singh, Shivam Dube, Washington Sundar, Jasprit Bumrah (c), Ravi Bishnoi, Arshdeep Singh, Mukesh Kumar

IRE: Andrew Balbirnie, Paul Stirling (c), Lorcan Tucker, Harry Tector, George Dockrell, Gareth Delany, Curtis Campher, Mark Adair, Joshua Little, Barry McCarthy, Benjamin White

18:16 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Rinku Singh on first India call up

Rinku Singh’s breakout season with Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) in the Indian Premier League (IPL) has earned him an India call-up, first for the 2023 Asian Games and now for the three-match T20I series against Ireland.

After his inclusion for the series in Dublin, the 25-year-old left-hander says it still feels like a dream. “Sapne jaisa hi hai (This is like a dream). I don’t want to wake up anytime soon,” laughs Rinku. (Here's what he told Pratyush Raj ahead of the series)

18:13 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Shastri and Patil bat for Tilak Varma at 2023 WC

In India's last T20I bilateral series, Tilak Varma marked an incredible set of debut outings and finished as the top scorer for India. Both former Indian coach Ravi Shastri and the selector Sandeep Patil concurred that they would have the 20-year-old in their team for both Asia Cup and World Cup.

“100 per cent [if India should hand a debut to Tilak Varma?] I will go with Tilak Varma and Suryakumar Yadav. Who will be in the playing XI, can be decided after looking at the balance and the opposition. But Tilak Varma and Suryakumar Yadav will both be in my team,” told Patil to Star Sports.

Addressing about the lack of a left-hander in the middle order Shastri said, “I’m very impressed with Tilak Varma. Very, very impressed. And I want a left-hander. So, if I’m looking for a left-hander in the middle order like Yuvraj Singh and before that was Suresh Raina at five, I would really look in that direction.” (Read more)

18:07 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Rain likely to play spoilsport

According to the weather reports it suggests that the chances of rain are 92 per cent during the day and 98 per cent at night. Hence, the match is highly likely to be affected by rain. (Read our match report for the first T20I)

18:01 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Playing XI tip off

While the return of Bumrah is the big talking point, Prasidh Krishna is also making a comeback to the Indian setup for the first time since the tour of Zimbabwe last year. Among the first call ups, is that of Rinku Singh who may as well get his first India cap. 

Here's out tip off for the Indian playing XI. 

17:53 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Those searing yorkers and fiery bouncers are back!

The moment we have all been waiting for. @Jaspritbumrah93 like we have always known him. ?? #TeamIndia pic.twitter.com/uyIzm2lcI9

— BCCI (@BCCI) August 16, 2023
17:48 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: What Bumrah said on his return

Returning to competitive cricket after 327 days, spending countless hours on the surgeon’s table, rehab booths and practice nets, Jasprit Bumrah sounded calm and relaxed, as though he had never been away from the game. There was neither a hint of nervousness nor over-excitement, as he captains India to the first of the three T20I series against Ireland on Friday.

“Probably after 10-11 years, this is the first time in summer I was at home and I spoke to my mother about it. I looked at it as off-season, got a lot of time to spend with my family. You miss some important tournaments as well, but that’s something that you cannot control, so you can’t be really frustrated about it," he said. (More from his first press conference ahead of the Ireland series)

17:45 (IST)
18 AUG 2023
India vs Ireland 1st T20I Live: Hello and welcome, Mr. Bumrah

Nine out of ten times a T20I bilateral series in the year of an ODI World Cup will make no sense and hold little interest of an already overloaded with cricket fanbase. But this is just one of those tenth occasion which demands the utmost interest. Yes, a defeat to the West Indies is still a fresh wound for a young T20I side, very few of which have travelled from the Caribbean to the Ireland. But the primary point of anxiety driven interest for the Indian fans in the upcoming three-match series against Ireland will be, how Jasprit Bumrah marks his return to international circket after almost a year's time. A recurring back injury saw him miss the T20 World Cup in Australia and the recent World Test Championship final, both occasions when India desperately seemed to miss that inspiration he provided with the ball. With a home World Cup just around the corner, fingers will be crossed for a possible comeback in 2022 seemed rushed up and led to an even longer absence of the 29-year-old from the cricketing scene. Here he is, leading a young Indian side with new faces to keep tabs on. A shorter format World Cup is not that far away as well. But for today, maybe four overs will matter more than the rest. What better a proposition to start your weekend with. So just relax and hang back onto your cushy seats, as we take you through the first T20I or shall we say, the Jasprit Bumrah comeback game. 

India vs Ireland 1st T20I Highlights: Here are the two squads

India Squad: Yashasvi Jaiswal, Ruturaj Gaikwad, Tilak Varma, Sanju Samson(w), Shivam Dube, Rinku Singh, Washington Sundar, Ravi Bishnoi, Arshdeep Singh, Jasprit Bumrah(c), Mukesh Kumar, Avesh Khan, Jitesh Sharma, Prasidh Krishna, Shahbaz Ahmed

Ireland Squad: Andrew Balbirnie, Paul Stirling(c), Lorcan Tucker(w), Harry Tector, Gareth Delany, Curtis Campher, George Dockrell, Mark Adair, Barry McCarthy, Joshua Little, Benjamin White, Fionn Hand, Craig Young, Theo van Woerkom, Ross Adair

Ireland vs India, 1st T20I tip-off XI: Rinku Singh to make his debut, Jasprit Bumrah returns, Prasidh Krishna comes in

(from left) Rinku Singh, Jasprit Bumrah and Prasidh Krishna during the practice session ahead of the first T20I. (Instagram - Rinku Singh and Prasidh Krishna)

The three-match T20I series against Ireland is a chance to the likes of Jasprit Bumrah and Prasidh Krishna to prove their match fitness ahead of the Asia Cup and the ODI World Cup. At the same time it will be massive opportunity to Sanju Samson, who had a poor outing against West Indies in the T20Is to get back among the runs.

India’s Gen-Next IPL performers like Ruturaj Gaikwad, Rinku Singh and Jitesh Sharma will also be eager to make impact. The fringe players like Washignton Sundar, Shahbaz Ahmed and Ravi Bishnoi to show their prowess and the comeback man Shivam Dube would be looking for a redemption.(Read more about the playing XI for the first T20I)

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 18-08-2023 at 17:30 IST
TAGS:
Hardik Pandya
ICC Cricket World Cup
India Vs Ireland
Jasprit Bumrah
Prasidh Krishna
Rinku Singh
Ruturaj Gaikwad
Sanju Samson
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
Akansh Sen Murder: Bailable Warrants Against Cop For Not Filing Fresh Status Report
Mumbai News Live Updates: Air Quality Remains ‘Moderate’, Clear Skies Expected Today
Singapore Concerned Over Increasing ‘Sham Marriages’ With Foreign Women
Biden Administration Was One Of Most Pro-India Administrations In Decades: Expert
WTC Points Table Update: India Out Of Race After Sydney Loss, Australia Qualify For World Test Championship Final Vs South Africa
Australia Qualify For WTC Final Against South Africa, Knock India Out With 3-1 Border-Gavaskar Trophy Win
Russia Shoots Down 8 US-Made ATACMS Missiles Fired By Ukraine, Vows Retaliation
Four Maoists, One Cop Killed In Encounter In Chhattisgarh’s Bastar
Major Focus Of Trump’s Foreign Policy To Be On China Challenge: Lisa Curtis
How A Landless Farmer From Punjab’s Faridkot Weaved A Success Story By Growing Haldi
State Panel Of Chandigarh Upholds District Consumer Commission’s Order: ‘Refund Rs 1.42 Lakh Charged As Road Tax On Hybrid Car To City Resident’
Watch: Virat Kohli Shows His Pockets To SCG Crowd Gesturing There Is No Sandpaper
As Mamata-Abhishek Cold War Continues, Trinamool Appears More Divided Than Ever
Mysterious Deaths: Over 12 Years After Siblings’ Death, Court Acquits Two Involved In Pest Control At Their House
Why Do We Feel So Thirsty After Eating A Gluten Rich Meal?
Badminton’s Survival-Mode Sitting Duck Spritz Returns
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/india-vs-ireland-live-score-ind-vs-ire-1st-t20-scorecard-updates-jasprit-bumrah-the-village-8898092/ 
 ----- 
