SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
How a 20-year-old lesbian in Greece documented all of the LGBTQIA+ relationships in the Women's World Cup
ABC Everyday / 
By Jack Gow

Topic:
Sport

Fri 18 Aug 2023
Friday 18 August 2023

The WoSo couples chart now lists around 600 LGBTQIA+ soccer players, and who they are dating. (ABC Everyday: Luke Tribe)

abc.net.au/news/the-woso-chart-soccer-lgbtqia/102742122
Link copied
Share article

If you're a queer person following the Women's World Cup, chances are you've already come across the WoSo couples chart.

Inspired by the chart from cult lesbian drama The L Word — which tracked the romantic connections between the show's characters — the WoSo couples chart does the same thing for the seriously sapphic world of professional women's football.

As any of your lesbian mates would tell you, figuring out who's queer at this World Cup is a full-time job. And the WoSo couples chart has been lighting up group chats across the country, helping folks get to the bottom (or top) of the situation.

So, we spoke to the creator of the WoSo couples chart to find out how it came to be.

Alice Makes A Chart – L Word Scene

'We were trying to see who's the Shane? It turns out, there's a lot of Shanes!'

Helen is a 20-year-old lesbian student and women's soccer super fan living in Thessaloniki, Greece.

She took it upon herself to create the chart after struggling to figure out which of her favourite club players were queer.

"[Me and my friends] were discussing an Arsenal match on a Discord server … and we were trying to see how many couples were on the field," Helen says.

"But we thought: 'you know, it would be much easier if you had the chart for it' … and I was like, I have a ton of free time this summer, so why not? I know some basic HTML, so maybe I can do it?"

Helen couldn't pull it off alone, but luckily had a friend who had the necessary skills.

"So I pulled all the information — it took me like one-and-a-half weeks to collect all the information — and they made it."

More than a year since its creation, the chart now lists around 600 players and Helen still updates it regularly.

"In the beginning, the Tumblr [community] was excited to give me all their knowledge," Helen says.

"The World Cup has really helped, and it's been like every day."

Is the chart an invasion of players' privacy?

While the chart has been shared far and wide in the Australian LGBTQIA+ community, it's not without its detractors.

"I know some people [say] I invade the personal lives of the players," says Helen, "but I only take information from open Instagram accounts and from tips I get [on Tumblr]."

How the Matildas changed my life
Photo shows Journalist Rachel Rasker, who's wearing a Matildas jersey, grins with a friend wearing an Australia scarf in a football stadium.

The Tillies make us proud on the pitch, but it's the love and friendship that surround the team that have inspired me to pick up soccer again, and feel more comfortable in my own skin.

In terms of verifying the information she receives, Helen tries her best to ensure it's accurate.

"I check the Instagram accounts and sometimes the Twitter accounts if I don't find anything on Instagram, and then I try Google," she says.

"I try to verify [relationships] as best as I can and if I can't, I just put them as 'rumoured'.

"I don't take photographs from private Instagram accounts, only public ones and information on Google.

"I try to not invade players' privacy, but also they're footballers on the world stage."

Is including rumours potentially outing players against their will?

Helen is aware her decision to include rumours about players' sexuality has been interpreted as potentially outing players against their will, but she insists that's not her motivation.

"It's Tumblr history for me," she says, "it's like an archive."

Ellie Carpenter and Dutch midfielder Daniëlle van de Donk are partners and teammates in French team Lyon. (Instagram: @elliecarpenterr)

Helen also sees the chart as a way of understanding the theories fans develop.

"Like what crazy rumours do people think that actually are true? Like, do like they believe like Katie McCabe is with Caitlin Foord because Ruesha [Littlejohn] didn't shake [Foord's hand] in the Australia and Ireland game. Like, that's crazy!," Helen says.

"And, you know, a lot of times the rumours are true.

"I just don't have a way to confirm it yet."

Going viral down under

Wherever you stand on the ethics of the chart, it's being discussed everywhere right now. Helen says she's not surprised by its popularity.

"Honestly, it's not as popular as I thought it would be," she says.

"But I am very happy because it required a lot of work from me — a lot of hours."

Helen believes the secret to the chart's success is that it provides additional drama for the fans.

"It's not just football," she says.

"It's more fun if you know, like, oh, [this couple is] competing against each other or their ex is playing while their girlfriend is also playing. That's fun. Well, for me, it is at least."

Queer visibility on the world stage

This World Cup has seen a lot of queer visibility in the mainstream, which Helen believes is helping young LGBTQIA+ people know it's okay to be their true selves.

"It's a big stage and it's getting a lot of coverage, finally … and you can see yourself in there," she says. 

She always looks for goalkeepers that are queer and out, because it's the position she used to play .

"You always try to find yourself in everything you see and when it's on that big stage, it's even better," she says

"The excitement is just so much higher — everything is just better.

"It wouldn't be the same without the gay players [and], like, Australia is the gayest team out there."

ABC Lifestyle in your inbox

Get our newsletter for the best of ABC Lifestyle each week

Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
SUBSCRIBE
Get a morning news briefing in your inbox
Subscribe to our ABC NewsMail bringing you breaking news from overnight, plus a heads-up on the stories that will shape your day.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Fri 18 Aug 2023 at 1:35am
Friday 18 Aug 2023 at 1:35am
, updated Fri 18 Aug 2023 at 1:56am
Friday 18 Aug 2023 at 1:56am
Related stories

Topic:
Sports TV

'Stood out like yellow billboards': The friendships formed at Matildas games
Photo shows Two women decked out in Matildas merch grin in a stadium.

Analysis by Samantha Lewis

Why England's semifinal win felt like a cosmic betrayal of the perfect story the Matildas had been writing
Photo shows A soccer player wearing yellow and green holds her face in her hands with the result on the scoreboard behind

Topic:
Soccer

'I love watching her play': Matildas midfielder Kyra Cooney-Cross's dad on watching her rise
Photo shows A composite image shows a young Kyra Cooney-Cross smiling with a soccer ball, and an adult photo of her.
Related topics

Australia Soccer

LGBT

Sport

Top Stories
Australia claims Border-Gavaskar Trophy with SCG Test win

Topic:
Cricket

Photo shows Beau Webster batting, running between wickets
In one of Australia's most imprisoned areas, some are breaking the cycle

Topic:
Prisons

Tectonic events are reshaping global politics

Topic:
World Politics

'Unparalleled in history': Britain's worst serial killer murdered 250 people

Topic:
Crime

Packed homeless shelters leave women and children stranded

Topic:
Domestic Violence

Just In
Search ends for surfer attacked by shark as fundraiser soars past $80k

Topic:
Shark Attacks

16m ago
16 minutes ago
Kohli appears to mock Australia's infamous 'sandpapergate'

Topic:
Cricket

1h ago
1 hours ago
Austrian chancellor steps down as coalition talks collapse

Topic:
Political Parties and Movements

53m ago
53 minutes ago
Two bodies recovered after light plane crash off NSW coast

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

15m ago
15 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2023-08-18/the-woso-chart-soccer-lgbtqia/102742122 
 ----- 
