LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
CRICKET
NZ vs PAK first T20I | Mitchell, Williamson, Southee propel New Zealand’s win over Pakistan
Chasing a target of 227, Pakistan were restricted for 180 in 18 overs. Tim Southee becomes first bowler to take 150 wickets in T20 internationals.

Updated - January 13, 2024 06:39 pm IST - Auckland

AP
READ LATER
PRINT

New Zealand’s players celebrate a wicket during the first Twenty20 international against Pakistan in Auckland on January 12, 2024. | Photo Credit: AFP

Daryl Mitchell and Kane Williamson made brisk half-centuries to propel New Zealand to a 46-run win over Pakistan on January 12 in the first of five Twenty20 Internationals.

Mitchell blasted 61 from 27 balls, following Williamson who scored 57 from 42 as New Zealand made 226 for eight after being sent in, the highest-ever total against Pakistan in a T20 international.

Pakistan had a chance as long as Babar Azam was at the crease. But, when he was out for 57 in the 16th over, the size of the run chase became insurmountable. The tourists finally were all out for 180 in 18 overs.

 Presence of Kohli, Rohit will give India solidity in T20 World Cup: Suresh Raina

Tim Southee took four for 25 for New Zealand to become the first bowler from any nation to claim 150 wickets in T20 Internationals.

Williamson's 18th half-century in T20s came in difficult circumstances. Batting first drop, he came to the crease on only the third ball of the New Zealand innings after Devon Conway was out for a first-ball duck.

He also lacked recent time in the middle after missing New Zealand's recent T20 series against Bangladesh as he continues a controlled return from the serious knee injury he suffered while playing in the Indian Premier League in April.

Williamson also was in the shadow early of Finn Allen who smashed 35 from 15 balls at the top of the order, including 24 runs — 6, 4, 4, 4, 6 — from the second over bowled by Pakistan captain Shaheen Shah Afridi.

He batted watchfully at first but when Allen was out, Williamson steadily gained momentum to reach his half-century from 40 balls with eight boundaries. He was twice dropped, on nine by Babar from the bowling of Abbas Afridi and on 39 by Iftikhar Ahmed off Usama Mir.

Just as Williamson took up where Allen left off, Mitchell stepped up the pace of the New Zealand innings after Williamson and reached his half-century from 22 balls. His score of 61 included four powerful sixes down the ground.

“I thought the partnerships we built throughout the middle with Kane and (Glenn Phillips) as well allowed us to build a platform to put the bowlers under some pressure which you always try to do at Eden Park,” Mitchell said. “Also, the way the boys bowled at the end there was superb.

New Zealand piled on runs through the middle of its innings — 80 between the eighth and 14th overs — but didn't finish quite as strongly as it would have hoped. Glenn Phillips made 19 runs from 11 balls and Mark Chapman 26 from 11 at the death. But, New Zealand may have been a batter short in the absence of Mitch Santner who was ruled out of the match at the last moment after testing positive positive for the coronavirus.

Abbas Afridi finished with three for 34 on debut.

Saim Ayub gave Pakistan an explosive start to its innings when he hit 27 from eight balls with three sixes and two fours. But, he was immensely unlucky to be run out backing up too far. Mohammad Rizwan had to dodge a delivery from Adam Milne who picked up the ball on his follow-through and threw out Ayub at the non-striker's end.

New Zealand would have been concerned when Pakistan was 62 for one after five overs with Mohammad Rizwan and Babar at the crease. Rizwan fell before the end of the power play, top-edging a ball from Tim Southee which hung for a long time in the night sky before being caught by Conway, the New Zealand wicketkeeper.

Ish Sodhi pulled off a brilliant one-handed catch off his bowling to dismiss Fakhar Zaman, but Pakistan was 109 for three after 10 overs, still in the race.

Babar and Iftikhar added 40 for the fourth wicket but the Pakistan run rate began to dip below New Zealand's.

As Pakistan's set batsman, Babar was crucial, but New Zealand did well to limit him by bowling shorter to restrict his access to the shorter straight boundaries at Eden Park.

Pakistan was 159 for four at the end of the 15th over, needing 68 runs from 30 balls. Its task became much harder when Azam Kham and Shaheen Afridi fell to the first and third balls of the 16th over, bowled by Adam Milne.

Babar fell at the start of the 17th over and with him went Pakistan's last hopes. (AP) AYG

Published - January 12, 2024 04:06 pm IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

Twenty20

Most Popular
‘Kannappa’: First look of Preity Mukundhan as Princess Nemali out
Why will India’s foreign policy be a tightrope walk?: Explained
Does RSS support BJP's 'wrongdoings'? Arvind Kejriwal asks Mohan Bhagwat
BJP leader and Maharashtra Minister Nitesh Rane’s ‘mini Pakistan’ remark draws flak in Kerala
BJP MLA apologises after Maharashtra women’s commission directs police to act on actor Prajakta Mali’s complaint
Defence Ministry declares 2025 as 'year of reforms'; lists simpler procurement, theaterisation as priorities
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
India vs Australia Live , 2nd Test Day 2 
News 
Live news 
Latest cricket news 
RBI Monetary Policy Committee 
Delhi Chalo march 
Pushpa 2 review 
Bengaluru metro’s Pink Line to be opened by December 2025 
Pushpa 2 Stampede 
Proba 3 mission: ISRO successfully launches PSLV-C59 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/pakistan-tour-of-new-zealand-new-zealand-vs-pakistan-first-twenty20-international-in-auckland/article67733958.ece 
 ----- 
