BUSINESS
MONEY
TRAVELLER
LUXE
HINDI

Cricket

Nepal Vs Sri Lanka, T20 World Cup Highlights: Match Abandoned Due To Non-Stop Rain; Teams Share Points

The 23rd match of ICC T20 World Cup 2024 between Sri Lanka and Nepal was washed out due to relentless rain in Lauderhill, Florida on Wednesday, June 12. Umpires were forced to call off the game without a ball being bowled as the continuous downpour left the outfield too wet for play. The result handed both teams a point, but made their potential route to Super 8s that much more challenging. Catch the highlights of the NEP vs SL match at T20 WC 2024, right here

B
Bhuvan Gupta
12 June 2024
Nepal players walk around in the wet outfield after rain delays play at their match against Sri Lanka in the ICC T20 World Cup 2024, match 23 in Florida. Photo: AP/Lynne Sladky
LIVE UPDATES
 12 Jun 2024, 04:09:25 am IST
Nepal Vs Sri Lanka Live Scores, ICC T20 World Cup 2024, Match 23

Welcome to the highlights of our coverage of match 23 of ICC T20 World Cup 2024, between Nepal and Sri Lanka at the Central Broward Regional Park Stadium Turf Ground in Lauderhill, Florida (United States of America) on Wednesday, June 12. The match was washed out due to relentless rain. Umpires were forced to call off the game without a ball being bowled as the continuous downpour left the outfield too wet for play. The result handed both teams a point, but made their potential route to Super 8s that much more challenging. Catch the highlights of the NEP vs SL match at T20 WC 2024, right here. (Full Coverage)

 12 Jun 2024, 04:33:50 am IST
Nepal Vs Sri Lanka: Weather Update

Non-stop rain in Florida means that the toss has been delayed for the Nepal vs Sri Lanka game. A full game today looks unlikely, and whether or not we will get any play depends on when the rain will cease. Stay with us for the latest updates on that.

by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaarde.
Kia
Meer informatie
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldi g)
Bloedsuikerhelper
Als u schimmel opmerkt, doet u dit meteen!
fungulux.nl
Meer informatie
Topdokters: Stop met het eten van deze "gezonde " vruchten en zie je vet verbranden (baanbreken d).
Gezondevetmethode
 12 Jun 2024, 05:00:49 am IST
Rain Stops, For Now

The update from the ground is that the rain has stopped for now. But given the volume of downpour already and the wet patches in the outfield, it is expected to take another 90 minutes to get ready for play. If there is no more rain, that is.

 12 Jun 2024, 05:27:22 am IST
Ground Inspection At 6am IST

The umpires will next inspect the ground conditions at 8:30pm local (6am IST) to gauge when (and if) the match can begin. The cut-off time for a five-over game is 10:48pm local (8:18am IST).

 12 Jun 2024, 05:48:54 am IST
Super 8 Qualification Scenarios

In case the match is washed out, Sri Lanka and Nepal will share one point each. What that would mean for the Super 8 qualification scenario is as follows: Sri Lanka would need to defeat Netherlands in their next game and hope Bangladesh lose to both Nepal and Netherlands, in order to stand a chance to qualify. As for Nepal, they would need wins against South Africa and Bangladesh, and hope for Netherlands to lose their next two clashes.

 12 Jun 2024, 06:16:55 am IST
Match Washed Out

And that's unfortunately that. The game is called off by the umpires due to all the rain through the day in Florida. This means that both teams get a point each - their first points in T20 World Cup 2024.

This also means that South Africa are the first team to confirm their passage to the Super 8s.

 12 Jun 2024, 06:34:08 am IST
What Next For Nepal

Nepal will next take on South Africa and Bangladesh, and need to win both matches to have a fair chance of qualification for Super 8s.

 12 Jun 2024, 06:53:06 am IST
What Next For Sri Lanka

Though they are virtually knocked out, Wanindu Hasaranga's Sri Lanka are mathematically still in contention for Super 8s. They will next face Netherlands (and seek a win), plus hope Bangladesh lose to both Nepal and Netherlands, in order to stand a teeny tiny chance to qualify.

 12 Jun 2024, 07:14:06 am IST
Rain Fails To Deter Nepal Fans 
 12 Jun 2024, 07:37:01 am IST
That's All From Us

That concludes our coverage of the Nepal vs Sri Lanka match at the T20 World Cup. This game was abandoned, but the Australia vs Namibia game is currently underway, and the India vs USA clash is slated for the evening. Stay tuned for live updates from both these matches. For now, it's goodbye.

Tags
Cricket
T20 World Cup
Sri Lanka National Cricket Team
Florida
Wanindu Hasaranga
Nepal National Cricket Team
As It Happened
Highlights
Rain
Lauderhill
Rohit Paudel
Stap in de nieuwe Kia EV6. Ontvang jouw inruilvoorstel.
De nieuwe Kia EV6 met 800V ultrasnel laden: laad 100 kilometer in minder dan 5 minuten. Dat...
Kia
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Teennagel schimmel? Probeert u deze truc vanavond uit! (Geniaal!)
Dermatoloog onthult: Deze thuismethode vermind ert schimmelnagels terwijl u slaapt!
fungulux.nl
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
You will never turn off your computer again.
CombatSiege
|
Sponsored
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrische auto's kopen, zie pr...
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijze...
Elektrische auto's | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis autove...
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis autoverzekering op...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van gratis autoverzekering op basis van hun
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis autoverzekering op basis van leeftijd!
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Artrose en gewrichtspijn? Doe dit en zie wat er gebeurt
OplossingArticulatie
|
Sponsored
Zoek naar de beste sanitairwink els bij u in de buurt
Vind meer aanbiedingen
Sanitairwinkels | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Vind matrassen van hoge kwalit eit tegen geweldige prijzen
Matrassen | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Today Sports News
Cricket News
BPL 2024-25, Match 4: Nahid Rana Shines As Rangpur Riders Beat Sylhet Strikers By 34 Runs
Border-Gavaskar Trophy: Jasprit Bumrah Named Captain Of Cricket Australia Test Team Of Year
SA20 2025 Guide: Preview, Full Squads, Venues - All You Need To Know
Travis Head Was Putting 'Finger On Ice': Australian Batter Bizarre Celebration After Dismissing Rishabh Pant
VHT 2024-25: Mumbai's Ayush Mhatre Breaks Yashasvi Jaiswal's World Record In List A Cricket
Football News
LIV Vs LFC, Boxing Day PL Preview: Match Prediction, Players To Watch - All You Need To Know
Ruben Amorim: Marcus Rashford's Absence Won't Be A Distraction For Manchester United
Carlos Corberan Becomes Valncia's New Coach After Departure Form West Brom
Wolves Vs Man United, Premier League Preview: Players To Watch, Who Will Win On Boxing Day?
KBFC 3-0 MSC, ISL 2024-25: Bhaskar Roy Blunder Gives The Tuskers All Three Points In Kochi
Tennis News
United States Of America Vs China Live Streaming, United Cup Quarter-Final 2: When, Where To Watch Tennis Tie
Kazakhstan Vs Germany Live Streaming, United Cup Quarter-Final 1: When, Where To Watch Tennis Tie
Brisbane International: Nick Kyrgios Left In 'Throbbing' Pain After Singles Return
WTA Auckland Open: Emma Raducanu Withdraws From Australian Open Tune-Up With Back Injury
United Cup 2024-25: Coco Gauff, Taylor Fritz Lead USA Into Quarter-Final
Hockey News
Shrachi Rarh Bengal Tigers Vs Team Gonasika Live Streaming, Hockey India League: When, Where To Watch Match 6
Delhi SG Pipers 2-2 Hyderabad Toofans Highlights, Hockey India League: HYDT Win Shootout In Sudden Death
Hockey India League: Hyderabad Toofans Pip Delhi SG Pipers In Shootouts, Clinch Bonus Point
Delhi SG Pipers Vs Hyderabad Toofans Live Streaming, HIL: When And Where To Watch Hockey India League Match 5
HIL 2024-25, Match 4 Highlights: Russell Scores Two As UP Rudras Beat Kalinga Lancers 3-1 At Birsa Munda Stadium
Trending Stories
National News
Katra Ropeway Protest: Detained Protesters To Be Released, Panel To Hold Talks With Sangharsh Samiti
J&K: Congress Criticizes "Repressive Measures" In Katra Protests, Calls for LG Intervention
BJP Vs AAP In Delhi, BPSC Protests In Bihar And More | December 31 News Wrap
Anna University Assault Case: BJP To Launch 450 KM Long ‘Justice Rally’; NCW Suggestions Post Inquiry
Manipur CM Biren Singh Apologizes For Ethnic Violence In State, Calls For Peace With New Year
Entertainment News
Aquaman Star Jason Momoa To play Lobo In Supergirl: Woman Of Tomorrow
Year-Ender 2024: Stree 2 To Bhool Bhulaiyaa 3, Top 10 Highest-Grossing Hindi Movies Of The Year
IFFK 2024|Misericordia Captures A Community Mired In Lust And Secrets
When Is Squid Game 3 Releasing? All You Need To Know About Lee Jung-jae Starrer
Sudhanshu Rai-Puneet Sharma's Sci-Fi Thriller Baida To Release In March 2025
US News
US Imposes Sanctions On Russian, Iranian Groups Over Disinformation Targeting American Voters
Ex-US President Jimmy Carter's Funeral To Impact Donald Trump's Inauguration | Here's How
US Embassy Approved Over 1 Million Visas For Indians In 2024 | Details
Judge Says Woman Accusing Jay-Z, Sean 'Diddy' Combs Of Raping Her Can Proceed Anonymously
Why Amazon Workers In US Are On Strike During Holiday Season
World News
The Unwomanly Face Of War
Serbia: Instead Of Partying, Thousands Turn New Year Celebration Into Anti-Govt Protest
Israel Claims Death Of Hamas Leader, Syria Hopes For Better Future; Atrocities Continue In West Asia | Latest Updates
Soft Ruins: Fractured Memories Of War In Myanmar
Putting A Human Face To The War In Congo
Latest Stories
Pisces Yearly Horoscope 2025: Unlock The Mysteries Of Your Yearly Zodiac Reading
Aquarius Yearly Horoscope 2025: Your Complete Zodiac Guide For The Year Ahead
Capricorn Yearly Horoscope 2025: Unlock Key Insights For A Fulfilling Year
Horoscope For December 31, 2024: Discover Astrological Insights For Every Zodiac Sign
South Korea: Court Issues Warrant To Detain Impeached President Yoon Over Martial Law Probe
Delhi Traffic Police To Deploy 2500 Personnel, 250 Squads To Monitor Traffic On New Year’s Eve
Yemen Prez Says Yes To Kerala Nurse's Death Sentence; MEA Says 'Extending All Possible Help'
Vijay Hazare Trophy 2024-25 Highlights Round 5: Mumbai, Punjab Post 400 Plus; Vidarbha Beat TN
GROUP PUBLICATIONS
About Us
Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Compliance

Copyright © 2025 Outlook Publishing India Pvt Ltd. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 143 TCF vendor(s) and 79 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.outlookindia.com/sports/cricket/nepal-vs-sri-lanka-live-scores-icc-t20-world-cup-2024-match-23-nep-vs-sl-updates-lauderhill-florida 
 ----- 
