Skip to content
City AM
Main navigation
DOWNLOAD FREE APP
Thursday 21 October 2021 7:00 am  |  Updated:  Thursday 21 October 2021 10:23 am
Exclusive: Apex Group replaces Sandals as West Indies sponsor in six-figure deal

By:
Frank Dalleres

Sports Editor

Share
West Indies will wear the Apex logo on their shirts at the T20 World Cup

T20 World Cup holders West Indies will today announce a new shirt sponsorship with global financial services provider Apex Group.

Apex is replacing holiday company Sandals on the sleeves of the West Indies men’s cricket team, who play England in their first match of this year’s T20 World Cup on Saturday.

The three-year partnership, which is worth a six-figure sum in US dollars, will also see Apex become the official sustainability partner of governing body Cricket West Indies (CWI).

Under this part of the deal Apex will provide sustainability and environmental advisory services to CWI, with a view to helping it become carbon neutral.

“We are proud to announce this exciting and innovative partnership with Apex Group, welcoming a new international partner to support West Indies cricket,” said CWI president Ricky Skerritt.

“As the first international cricket organisation to really commit to evaluating and reducing our carbon output, this will help us devise an action plan to become more sustainable on and off the pitch. 

“For the many island and tropical West Indian countries that we represent, climate change is a real and present challenge. For CWI, this will impact cricket participation because of how facilities will need to change and adapt. We will also need plans to understand and offset the international and regional air travel that we have to undertake.  

“In partnership with Apex, we intend to use our combined global platforms to act and drive change for this and future generations of cricketers and fans.”

READ MORE
Hiring frenzy at London law firms as ‘apex predator’ disrupts market

West Indies are the most successful team in the short history of the T20 World Cup, having won two of the previous six tournaments, and currently sit ninth in the international T20 rankings. 

They beat England in a dramatic final of the last tournament, in India in 2016, which saw Carlos Brathwaite clinch victory by hitting four consecutive sixes in the final over.

Cricket is expected to be hard hit by climate change, with a 2020 report by the Rapid Transition Alliance naming it as the most affected sport. It is also, however, part of a sports industry responsible for an estimated 0.6 per cent of global emissions.

“Amid the climate crisis, sport, like all industries, needs to act now to reduce its impact on the environment,” said Apex Group founder and chief executive Peter Hughes. 

“We are excited to announce our partnership with the West Indies cricket team to provide our market leading carbon footprint consultancy services, to help cricket do its part to combat the growing, global climate crisis. 

“The West Indies represents some of the world’s most beautiful natural environment that we are looking to protect, so for us it makes perfect sense to partner with Cricket West Indies to kick-start our campaign to drive sustainability in sport. 

“We wish the team every success as they defend their title as the current holders of the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup.”

Apex, which was founded in Bermuda, is a financial services provider to more than $2tr of assets. Under its partnership with CWI it has agreed to provide the organisation with an annual carbon footprint assessment.

READ MORE
Mayor Khan: London will be capital for women’s sport in 2025

SHARE THIS ARTICLE

Similarly tagged content:
Sections
LIFE&STYLE
Categories
SPORT
Related Topics
CRICKET
CRICKET
SPORT BUSINESS
SPORTS MARKETING
SPORTS MONEY
Trending Articles
How fast will the Bank of England cut interest rates in 2025?
Thames Water to avoid state bailout, the FTSE 100 at 7900 and an ITV bid: my predictions for UK plc in 2025
Why the gold price will continue to rally in 2025
Firm slams City as it plans to leave the London Stock Exchange
MORE FROM CITY AM
Hiring frenzy at London law firms as ‘apex predator’ disrupts market
LEGAL
Mayor Khan: London will be capital for women’s sport in 2025
SPORT
Fifa risks legal battle by including Mexican teams in Club World Cup draw
SPORT BUSINESS
Australian Ashes winner heads to Lord’s to coach London Spirit in Hundred
SPORT
Ahead of the Game: Man United cuts could be copied by other clubs
SPORT BUSINESS
Why Grenada is the off-the-beaten-track side of the Caribbean
LIFE&STYLE
The three sport business trends you need to watch in 2025
SPORT BUSINESS
Ratcliffe, IPL and Littler: The City AM Sport 2024 year in review
SPORT BUSINESS
SUBSCRIBE

Subscribe to the City AM newsletter to have our top stories delivered directly to your inbox.

SUBSCRIBE
By signing up to our newsletters you agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
About Us
Advertising
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
News
Markets & Economics
Opinion
Life&Style
City AM Studios
Got A Story?
The Punter
City AM Curated
Wine
Casino

FOLLOW US FOR BREAKING NEWS AND LATEST UPDATES

Newsletters
Latest paper
Advertising
About
Tickets
Copyright 2025 City AM Limited
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Find out more
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cityam.com/exclusive-apex-group-replaces-sandals-as-west-indies-sponsor-in-six-figure-deal/ 
 ----- 
