Skip to content
Share
NEWS
SPORT
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS & FINANCE
VIDEO
WIN
CSA has noted the personal decision by Proteas wicketkeeper-batsman Quinton de Kock not to “take the knee” ahead of the T20 World Cup clash against the West Indies. Photo by ISHARA S. KODIKARA/AFP via Getty Images
Quinton de Kock poised to make history at T20 World Cup

Quinton de Kock is well-placed to make history at the T20 World Cup, as he needs 177 runs to become SA’s all-time leading scorer in T20Is.

By James Richardson
21-10-21 10:17
in Cricket

Proteas star Quinton de Kock is well-placed to make history at the T20 World Cup, as he needs 177 runs to become South Africa’s all-time leading scorer in T20Is.

The next time De Kock notches a half-century in a T20I innings will be his 12th score of 50 or more for the Proteas giving him sole ownership of a record he currently shares with leading run-scorer JP Duminy.

David Miller is also in the hunt to become South Africa’s leading T20I runscorer, with his tally of 1701 heading into the T20 World Cup. Traditionally used as a finisher, Miller might be elevated to help the Proteas push up the tempo in the middle overs, which could give him more time at the crease and a chance to add to his four 50s and record speed hundred.

QUINTON DE KOCK’S OPENING PARTNER

De Kock’s usual opening partner, Reeza Hendricks is on the brink of notching 1000 T20I runs. Hendricks has impressed since being given another shot at national team success. The Lions man brings valuable experience despite only having 36 T20i appearances to his name, and is the perfect foil for Quinton de Kock. He is the Proteas third-highest scorer in T20Is in the last year behind second-placed Aiden Markam and De Kock.

Markram has made a bright start to his T20I career which was held back by the perception that he wasn’t suited to the format. He has proven those beliefs false though, delivering remarkable consistency despite floating around the batting order.

MAXIMUM MASTERS

Returning to De Kock, he is hot on the heels of Miller when it comes to hitting sixes for the Proteas in T20I cricket with 65 maximums to his name against his fellow left-handers 75. The pair are some way ahead of the next six-hitter in the squad, with Rassie van der Dussen’s 34 sixes giving him a higher rate of clearing the rope than Heinrich Klaasen.

De Kock will likely be nearly completely oblivious to the achievements he can notch in the T20 World Cup but will be aware that he is yet to score a century in the format, and what better place to do it than this October and November in the UAE.

The Proteas begin their T20 World Cup campaign with a match against Australia on Saturday 23 October 2021.

Graduating soon? Join our graduate program for women in journalism here

Tags:
Featured
ICC T20 World Cup
Proteas
Quinton de Kock
T20 Cricket World Cup
Post navigation
ADVERTISEMENT

TheSouthAfrican.com is all about South Africa and the stories that affect South Africans, wherever they are in the world.

We're independent.
No agenda.
No bias.

Follow us
About us
Newsletters
Terms, Conditions, Privacy & GDPR
Contact Us
Women in Journalism

Our offices are for administrative purposes only, no visitors will be accepted without an appointment.

South Africa – Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd - Registration Number: 2005/028472/07 - Address: Regus Business Centre, 1st Floor, Block B, North Park, Black River Park, 2 Fir Street, Observatory, Cape Town, 7925, South Africa

Copyright Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thesouthafrican.com/sport/quinton-de-kock-poised-to-make-history-at-t20-world-cup/ 
 ----- 
