Skip to content
WHYY
play
Listen Live • Latino USA
WHYY
DONATE
Primary Menu
News
Radio & Podcasts
Radio Schedule
Ways to Listen
WHYY Listen App
TV
TV Schedule
Live TV
Watch on Demand
Stream PBS Kids
Arts
Events
Education
Your Learning Neighborhood
For Students
For Educators
Pathways to Media Careers
WHYY Media Labs
Youth Media Awards
Support
WHYY Membership
WHYY Passport
WHYY Member Portal
Sponsorship
Vehicle Donation Program
70 for 70 Legacy Challenge
Volunteer
Search for:
NEWSLETTERS
DONATE
ARTS & ENTERTAINMENTINTERNATIONALPHILADELPHIASPORTS
WORLD CUP 2026
Argentina beats El Salvador 3-0 as Philly prepares for the 2026 FIFA World Cup

“For us as Philadelphia to be a host to players that are so ingrained in soccer worldwide is awesome,” Meg Kane, host city executive of Philadelphia Soccer 2026, said.

ByNick KariukiMarch 22, 2024

Argentina's Nicolas Gonzalez, left, collides with El Salvador's Melvin Cruz during the first half of a friendly soccer match, Friday, March 22, 2024, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

From Philly and the Pa. suburbs to South Jersey and Delaware, what would you like WHYY News to cover? Let us know!

FIFA World Cup champions Argentina beat El Salvador 3-0 on a frigid Friday night at Lincoln Financial Field, in the stadium’s first game after the announcement it will host six games in the 2026 FIFA World Cup.

The match was muted by the absence of Argentina’s captain, global superstar and arguably the greatest player of all time Lionel Messi, who had to pull out from the squad after picking up a hamstring injury. Messi’s presence, as it has since his arrival in the U.S. to play for Major League Soccer’s Inter Miami, would have probably ensured a near-full attendance like it did when he faced the Philadelphia Union in Chester last year.

The game drew a far-from-full attendance of around 10,000, which wasn’t a huge surprise. Factors like Messi’s absence, the game being announced just four weeks ago after Argentina’s scheduled games in China were canceled, the weather being 41 degrees Fahrenheit with rain in the forecast, comedian Jo Koy performing across the street at the Wells Fargo Center, March Madness and the question of whether ticket prices probably should have been nudged down a couple days ago all probably contributed to the low turnout.

WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor

Despite Messi’s absence, the world champions fielded a squad full of world-class players, most playing for the biggest club teams in the world like Manchester City, Liverpool, Manchester United, Inter Milan and Atlético de Madrid.

“For us as Philadelphia to be a host to players that are so ingrained in soccer worldwide is awesome,” Meg Kane, host city executive of Philadelphia Soccer 2026, said before the game. “In addition, of course, Argentina is the reigning World Cup champion.”

“I think, for all of us, we’re really excited to be able to draw that type of elite talent to Lincoln Financial Field,” she said.

Argentina's Cristian Romero reacts after scoring a goal during the first half of a friendly soccer match against El Salvador, Friday, March 22, 2024, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Argentina's Rodrigo De Paul, right, collides with El Salvador's Narciso Orellana during the first half of a friendly soccer match, Friday, March 22, 2024, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Fans of the El Salvador national soccer team were in high turnout for the team's exhibition match against Argentina at Lincoln Financial field. (Nick Kariuki/WHYY)
El Salvador's Mario Gonzales, left, punches the ball away from Argentina's Nehuen Perez during the first half of a friendly soccer match, Friday, March 22, 2024, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
A car at the tailgate before Argentina's exhibition match against El Salvador is decorated with replicas of Pope Francis and the FIFA World Cup trophy. (Nick Kariuki/WHYY)
El Salvador's Darwin Ceren, left, and Argentina's Cristian Romero battle for the ball during the first half of a friendly soccer match, Friday, March 22, 2024, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Argentina fans head from the parking lot of Lincoln Financial Field to the stadium. (Nick Kariuki/WHYY)
Argentina players pose for a photograph before a friendly soccer match against El Salvador, Friday, March 22, 2024, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Argentina supporters unfurl a banner during the playing of the national anthems before kickoff. (Nick Kariuki/WHYY)

Kane said that since February’s World Cup schedule announcement, the committee has been working with FIFA in key areas of the city’s preparations, particularly focusing on transportation mobility, commercial rights and safety and security.

Ahead of Friday’s game, the stadium parking lot tailgates were lively, but  a far cry from the ones in October, when 62,284 showed up to see Mexico face Germany.

A strong Salvadoran turnout was present, matching the turnout of Argentina fans in the tailgate.

“We thought we might be like a one-off, repping El Salvador,” said Sofía Vega, a 25-year-old law student at Penn State who came to the game with her boyfriend, Christian Navas, who was born in El Salvador. “But we’ve seen a lot of El Salvador and we’ve heard some cumbia playing. So it’s good to hear the culture playing.”

WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor
Christian Navas, born in El Salvador, and Sofía Vega, born in Costa Rica and studying law at Penn State, said they were excited to see Argentina live. (Nick Kariuki/WHYY)

It’s fair to call the matchup one-sided — Argentina is the world’s top-ranked team while El Salvador is No. 81 on FIFA’s latest rankings — and once the game began it didn’t take long for Argentina to find the back of the net through a 16th minute corner kick headed in by Cristian Romero.

In the 29th minute, El Salvador came close to equalizing when Jairo Henríquez’s deflected shot flew past the goal for a corner.

Argentina doubled its lead in the 42nd minute when Enzo Fernandez — a player who had a whopping $132 million price tag when he moved to his London club Chelsea in January 2023 — poked in the ball after Giovani Lo Celso’s previous attempt deflected off a defender and into Fernandez’s path.

Related Content
COMMUNITY

‘The icing on the cake’: Philly officials and organizers react to 2026 FIFA World Cup schedule

Lincoln Financial Field will play host to a Fourth of July round-of-16 game during the semiquincentennial, as well as five group games in June.

11 months ago

 Listen 1:21

After the half-time break, Argentina found the back of the net for the third time through Lo Celso’s shot in the 52nd minute.

From there, it was the one-way traffic of Argentina’s attacks, with occasional reprieves coming from the several substitutions that happen in exhibition friendlies like this game. El Salvador goalkeeper Mario González also put in a number of acrobatic saves to keep the score down.

The second half ended abruptly without any of the expected stoppage time added on to the 90 minutes. Argentina will next face Costa Rica at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum on March 26. El Salvador faces Honduras the same day.

For the Linc, the next scheduled soccer game will be an exhibition match between English Premier League giants Liverpool and Arsenal on July 31, which has already sold a significant number of tickets.

“That sell-out crowd at Lincoln Financial Field in July is going to be just a taste of what Philadelphia will be like during World Cup 2026,” Kane said.

Get in touch
0/200
Your contact info
We'll be in touch if we look into your question.

Get daily updates from WHYY News!

Please don't publish my name

I am over 16 years old

I accept the Terms of Service

Submit
Powered by Hearken | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy

Get daily updates from WHYY News!

The free WHYY News Daily newsletter delivers the most important local stories to your inbox.

Enter your email here
Share this
Facebook
Twitter
Email

WHYY is your source for fact-based, in-depth journalism and information. As a nonprofit organization, we rely on financial support from readers like you. Please give today.

Part of the series
World Cup 2026
View the series
You may also like
ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT

Eagles in São Paulo: Commentators educate audience about NFL in soccer-crazy Brazil

Local commentators and experts in Brazil are seeking to draw attention to NFL football by using funny metaphors, catchy stories about players and loud celebrations on air.

4 months ago

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT

Photo essay: Philly’s Icarus Cup saw 1,000+ soccer players ‘enjoy the people’ over the weekend

Players across 80 teams donned special kits for the Icarus Cup at the Vidas Athletic Complex at Drexel University.

6 months ago

ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT

Mexico fans turn the Linc a different shade of green in packed draw with Germany

The Mexico and Germany men’s national football teams ended in a 2-2 draw in front of 62,284 fans, in an atmosphere that rivaled Game 2 of the NLCS.

1 year ago

About Nick Kariuki
Read more
@NKKariuki nkariuki@whyy.org
WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor
 
WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor
Latest News
Turn your Christmas trees into snacks for goats with the Philly Goat Project

4 hours ago

Eagles clinch NFC East, backup QB Kenny Pickett forced out with injury and Saquon Barkley surpasses 2,000 rushing yards

5 hours ago

Jimmy Carter, the 39th U.S. president, has died at 100

5 hours ago

Want a digest of WHYY’s programs, events & stories? Sign up for our weekly newsletter.

Enter your email here
42%
 

Together we can reach 100% of WHYY’s fiscal year goal

Donate
 
Learn about WHYY Member benefits
Ways to Donate
WHYY

WHYY provides trustworthy, fact-based, local news and information and world-class entertainment to everyone in our community.

WHYY offers a voice to those not heard, a platform to share everyone’s stories, a foundation to empower early and lifelong learners and a trusted space for unbiased news. Learn more about Social Responsibility at WHYY. It’s how we live.

Contact Us
Philadelphia

215.351.1200
talkback@whyy.org

 Delaware

302.516.7506
talkback@whyy.org

Our Programs
Albie’s Elevator
Art Outside
Billy Penn
Check, Please! Philly
The Connection
Delishtory
Flicks
Fresh Air
Good Souls
The Infinite Art Hunt
Movers & Makers
On Stage at Curtis
Peak Travel
Philadelphia Revealed
PlanPhilly
The Pulse
Schooled
The Statue
Stop and Frisk: Revisit or Resist
Studio 2
Things To Do
Voices in the Family
WHYY News Climate Desk
You Oughta Know
Young Creators Studio
Young, Unhoused and Unseen
Your Democracy
 
Inside WHYY
About
Meet Our Newsroom
Employment
Lifelong Learning Award
N.I.C.E. Initiative
Contact Us
Sponsorship
Directions
FCC Public Files
FCC Applications
 
Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
YouTube
Sign up for a Newsletter

© MMXXIV WHYY

 
Privacy Policy Terms of Use for WHYY.org

WHYY is partnered with

  
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://whyy.org/articles/argentina-el-salvador-game-philadelphia-2026-fifa-world-cup/ 
 ----- 
