Career Counselling
Learn English
Visa
Online Courses
FAQs
One app for all your study abroad needs
Know More
x
Home /
Phrases /
What is the Difference Between Phrases and Idioms? Meaning, Usage, & Examples
What is the Difference Between Phrases and Idioms? Meaning, Usage, & Examples
Harshita
 
Updated on  
December 3, 2024
4 minute read
10 shares
 

Have you ever failed to understand the meaning behind someone saying, “he kicked the bucket”? If yes, you need to be aware of the basic difference between idioms and phrases. So, the next time you hear about someone kicking a bucket you know that it is a figurative speech or idiom about death and avoid making a fool out of yourself. After all, when phrases act as a building block of sentences; idioms add a layer of figurative language and cultural understanding. 

This blog will further guide you through the similarities and differences of idioms and phrases, making you grammar nazi in no time!

THIS BLOG INCLUDES:
Difference Between Idioms and Phrases
What are Idioms? – Meaning with Examples
What are Phrases? – Meaning and Examples
Difference Between Idioms and Phrases
Difference between Idioms and Phrases through Examples 
FAQs
LEARN ALL ABOUT PHRASES HERE
Difference Between Idioms and Phrases

Although both idioms and phrases refer to a chain of words that may or may not have a specific meaning. They still have different sets of rules when it comes to usage in English grammar. To understand those distinguishing criteria, you would need to learn their meanings separately and how to read between the lines. 

What are Idioms? – Meaning with Examples

Idioms are expressions that have a figurative meaning, different from the literal meaning of their words. They often convey cultural or contextual significance and may not be easily understood by individuals who are not familiar with the language or culture. 

Let’s take a look at the following idiomatic examples and their meanings for reference:

Idioms	Meaning
Every cloud has a silver lining	Blessings always come in disguise
Once in a blue moon	Something that happens very rarely
Happy wife happy life	A contained life partner is the foundation of a happy marriage
To be in the same boat 	Facing the same challenges as others
What are Phrases? – Meaning and Examples

Whereas phrases are groups of words that function as a single unit within a sentence. They lack both a subject and predicate and do not express a complete thought on their own. Instead, phrases serve specific grammatical roles, such as nouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs, or prepositional phrases. Some common phrases examples are:

How are you doing today?
Could be better?
I appreciate that…
Can’t complain
The best of both worlds
Difference Between Idioms and Phrases

Now, take a look at the following table to closely observe the differences between idioms and phrases depending on different parameters: 

Play
Unmute
Loaded: 1.65%
Fullscreen
Criteria	Phrases	Idioms
Meaning	It is derived from the combination of its individual words. 	It may be figurative and may not be directly related to the literal meanings of its component words.
Structure	Structured group of words that serve specific grammatical functions.	Fixed expressions with unique meanings that may not be deduced from the literal meanings of their words.
Usage	Fixed expressions with unique meanings that may not be deduced from literal meanings of their words.	Idioms are used to add colour, expressiveness, and cultural significance to language.
Example	The sky is very cloudy today. 	Every cloud has a silver lining 
Difference between Idioms and Phrases through Examples 

Here are some more examples of both idioms and phrases that will help you widen the horizons of this grammatical tool of English. The phrases have been underlined and idioms are in bold for easy comprehension: 

The student with the bright red notebook (Phrase) aced the exam. 

They must have been burning the midnight oil (Idiom) studying all week.

We decided to take a break during the lecture (Phrase) to stretch our legs. 

The professor kindly gave us the green light (Idiom) to step outside for a few minutes.

Feeling a bit under the weather (Idiom) today, I decided to stay home and curl up with a good book. 

The intriguing mystery novel (Phrase) kept me on the edge of my seat all afternoon.

The delicious aroma of freshly baked cookies (Phrase) filled the kitchen. 

My brother couldn’t resist and jumped the gun (Idiom), grabbing a warm cookie before they even cooled down.

Feeling nervous before the presentation, I took a deep breath and visualized success (Phrase).  

Remembering my practice sessions helped me hit the nail on the head (Idiom) and deliver a clear and confident presentation.

We volunteered at the animal shelter after school (Phrase), helping to walk the dogs and clean the kennels. 

It was a heartwarming experience to see the animals wag their tails (Phrase) with joy.

The teacher explained the complex concept clearly and concisely (Phrase).  

Using real-life examples (Phrase)  helped us understand the material much better.

Feeling inspired by the speaker’s talk on environmental conservation, we decided to do our part (Idiom) and reduce our carbon footprint.
We explored the ancient ruins (Phrase) on our trip to Greece.  

Standing amidst the historical landmarks, we could almost hear the whispers of the past (Idiom).

Determined to improve their writing skills, the students participated in a creative writing workshop (Phrase). 

The workshop helped them think outside the box (Idiom) and explore different writing styles.

Find more exciting grammatical reads below!

Idioms 	Phrases
Idioms for Cooking	Phrases to Boost Your Vocabulary
Idioms for Celebration	Phrases Examples (with Usage)
Idioms for Achieving Goals	5 Important Types of Phrases
Idioms for Love	What are Adverbial Phrases (& Clauses)
Idioms about Education	Email Phrases You Should Start (& Stop) Using
FAQs
What is a phrase?

A phrase is a group of words that work together to express a single idea, but they don’t form a complete sentence on their own. Phrases can be noun phrases, verb phrases, adjective phrases, or adverb phrases.

What is an idiom?

An idiom is a phrase whose meaning cannot be understood from the meanings of its individual words. It’s a figurative expression that has a specific meaning that is often different from its literal meaning.

What’s the main difference between phrases and idioms?

The key difference lies in their meaning. Phrases have a literal meaning, while idioms have a figurative meaning.

Can idioms be changed or rearranged?

Idioms are fixed expressions, so they cannot be changed or rearranged without losing their meaning.

This was all about the basic difference between phrases and idioms. Hope you understand the concept and know how to proceed. You can also follow the Learn English page of Leverage Edu for more exciting and informative blogs related to grammar. 

Leave a Reply

Your contact details will not be published. Required fields are marked *

SUBMIT

VIEW COMMENTS (0)
You May Also Like
READ MORE
2 minute read
Learn English

Antonyms of Big with Meaning and Examples 

Harshita
August 22, 2023
The antonyms of ‘Big’ is small, little, trivial, minor, short, etc. When we talk about the adjective “big”,… Read More
READ MORE
3 minute read
Learn English

Adjectives and Adverbs with Meanings, Differences & Examples

Malvika Chawla
January 13, 2024
Adjectives and Adverbs: My mother sat down. A sentence like this sounds perfectly fine as it conveys information… Read More
READ MORE
2 minute read
Learn English

Crystal Clear Meaning, Examples, and Synonyms

Shagun Bhardwaj
July 18, 2023
Crystal clear is an idiom that is often used to describe something that is completely clear, transparent, or… Read More
READ MORE
2 minute read
Learn English

11+ Antonyms of Come, with Meanings & Example

Malvika Chawla
December 12, 2023
The antonyms of the word “come” are go away, withdraw, leave and several others. The antonyms of this… Read More
Phrases
Absolute Phrase Meaning, Examples, and Structure in Sentences
Shivani Choudhary
April 9, 2024
Adverbial Phrase Examples to Improve Your English!
Malvika Chawla
March 16, 2024
Difference between Phrases and Clauses with Examples
Shivani Choudhary
April 6, 2024
17+ Interjectional Phrases Examples with Meaning
Shivani Choudhary
April 13, 2024
Present Participle Phrases with their Functions and Examples
Shivani Choudhary
April 2, 2024
RECENT POSTS
50+ Examples of Adverbs and Exercises with Answers
Indonesia Visa on Arrival for Indian Passport Holders in 2025
Do Indians Need a Visa for Thailand?
Unseen Passage for Class 6: CBSE Free Worksheets
11+ Best Idioms for Friendship in English for Everyday
Unseen Passage for Class 5: CBSE Worksheet
How to Get a Singapore Employment Visa for Indians in 2025?
How to Extend Your UK Visa: Eligibility, Documents, Application Process
Jumbled Sentences for Class 1: Definition, Exercises, Worksheet
99+ Examples of Collective Nouns You Should Know in English
7+ Best Idioms for Hard Work with Meaning and Example
Does Sweden Have a Job Seeker Visa? Entry Visa Requirements Explained
Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Get notified about the latest career insights, study tips, and offers at Leverage Edu.

Subscribe
By checking this box, you confirm that you have read and are agreeing to our terms of use regarding the storage of the data submitted through this form.
About Leverage
About us
Work with us
Resources
Cost Calculator
Scholarship
LOR
SOP
Study Abroad
Study in UK
Study in Canada
Study in USA
Study in Australia
Study in New Zealand
Study in Germany
Study in Russia
Study in China
Tests
IELTS
GMAT
GRE
SAT
TOEFL
PTE
Offerings
AI Course Finder
Leverage Live
Scholarship
Loans
Leverage TV
Uniconnect
Other Links
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
IELTS Essay Checker

General Enquiries

    hello@leverageedu.com

Press

    press@leverageedu.com

Call Us

    1800-572-000
 Get the android app
Get the iOS app
Our Offices
New Delhi

Leverage Edu Tower,
A-258, Bhishma Pitamah Marg, Block A,
Defence Colony, New Delhi, Delhi 110024

Noida

Leverage Edu 3rd floor,
Plot number, 1- C, Raipur Khadar, Sector 126, Noida, Uttar Pradesh 201313

London

Devonshire House, 60 Goswell Road,
United Kingdom, EC1M 7AD

Sydney

Leverage Edu
Freshwater, Sydney, NSW 2096,
Australia



Copyright © 2021, Leverage Edu. All rights reserved.
    
 45,000+ students realised their study abroad dream with us. Take the first step today.
Talk to an expert
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://leverageedu.com/explore/learn-english/difference-between-phrases-and-idioms/ 
 ----- 
