Monday, December 16, 2024
Home
Advertise
Write for Us
About
Contact
Soccer News
Popular Tickets !
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
1
See Tickets
Home
News
Live Scores
Soccer Stats
Head 2 Head
Transfers
Betting
Tickets
More
icon
TRANSFER NEWS
1. Leicester City eye Chelsea midfielder Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall
2. Antonio Conte wants Nemanja Matic at Napoli
3. Manchester United linked with Sunderland star Chris Rigg
4. Manchester City explore Pogba deal
5. Arsenal want to sign Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic in January

Select Competition

▾

Select Team

▾
NEWS
LATEST
COLUMNS
LEAGUES
TOURNAMENTS
TRANSFERS
BETTING TIPS
MATCH PREVIEWS
SPECIALS
3Tips for you!
1
Bitesize Prediction: Tonbridge vs Chesham – 17/12/24 [...]
2
Bitesize Prediction: Airdrieonians vs Livingston – 17/12/24 [...]
3
December 16th: Monday’s European Double – 5/1 Special, Betting Tips & Predictions [...]
This Week's Promos
£/€50 Free Match Bet

Claim up to £/€50 free sports match bet. Enter promo code: F50. New customers only.

18+. T&C Apply. Gamble Responsibly.
£25 MATCHED BET

Sign up with F25 promo code for up to £25 free matched bet. New customers only.

18+. T&C Apply. Gamble Responsibly.
Messi headlines 23-player MLS MVP shortlist

SoccerNews in General Soccer News 8 Oct 2024

 31 Views
0
COMMENTS

Lionel Messi is one of 23 players to be nominated for the 2024 MLS MVP award, being joined on the shortlist by Inter Miami team-mate Luis Suarez.

Messi is considered the leading candidate to win the league’s top individual prize after scoring 17 goals and contributing 10 assists in just 18 regular-season matches this year.

The Argentina legend has missed large chunks of the campaign through injury, recently sitting out two months with an ankle problem he sustained while representing his country in the Copa America final.

Yet only four players – D.C. United’s Christian Benteke (23), Los Angeles FC’s Denis Bouanga, the Columbus Crew’s Cucho Hernandez (both 19) and Suarez (18) – have outscored him this term, and he also sits joint-eighth in the assist charts.

Suarez is the other Miami player to be nominated for the prize, having put himself in Golden Boot contention in his first season in the United States.

The Uruguayan’s 18 league goals have come from chances with a total expected goals (xG) value of 12.04, giving him an overperformance of 5.96.

Only New York City’s Alonso Martinez (6.13, 16 goals from 9.87 xG) and Messi (6.08, 17 from 10.92 xG) have overperformed their underlying figures by a greater margin.

Suarez is also up for the league’s Newcomer of the Year award, alongside players including Hugo Lloris of LAFC and the Galaxy’s leading scorer Gabriel Pec.

Last season’s MVP, FC Cincinnati’s Luciano Acosta, is in the running for the top prize once more after providing more direct goal involvements (30, 14 goals, 16 assists) than any other player in the league.

With Miami winning the Supporters’ Shield and remaining on course to break the league’s single-season points record (73 by the 2021 New England Revolution), head coach Gerardo Martino has been nominated for the Coach of the Year award.

The Colorado Rapids’ Chris Armas, Greg Vanney of the LA Galaxy and the Columbus Crew’s Wilfried Nancy are considered among the other leading contenders.

Soccer News Like
People like this.
Be the first of your friends! 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Twitter
Facebook
 
SoccerNews

Soccernews.com is news blog for soccer with comprehensive coverage of all the major leagues in Europe, as well as MLS in the United States. In addition we offer breaking news for transfers and transfer rumors, ticket sales, betting tips and offers, match previews, and in-depth editorials.

You can follow us on Facebook: Facebook.com/soccernews.com or Twitter: @soccernewsfeed.

SHARE OR COMMENT ON THIS ARTICLE
0
COMMENTS
ADD COMMENT
Categories General Soccer News

SHARE THIS ARTICLE

Share
0
Shares
READ ALSO
Luis Enrique credits PSG for keeping errors to a minimum in win over Lyon
Fonseca rues Milan´s decision-making and profligacy after Genoa stalemate
Chelsea 2-1 Brentford: What Were The Main Talking Points As The Blues Extend On their Premier League Romp In West London?
Maresca urges realism amid Chelsea excitement
WE RECOMMEND
Could Liverpool have finally found consistency?
Wayne Rooney should take responsibility for his poor performances
Manchester City will take some stopping this season
Effects of Barcelona’s infectious team spirit examined
Comments (0)
Share your opinion
ADD COMMENT
NEWEST
OLDEST
Leave a Reply
Connect with:
  

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Join the conversation!

Login or Register

More
More
ABOUT LOGO

Get all the latest football news, betting tips, and promotions for all the major leagues around the world. Read in depth articles on all major Premier League events and other from countries with comments and opinions from our experienced bloggers. Also, find fixtures, results, and live score service. Read More

POPULAR
All Headlines
Transfer News
2022/23 Transfers
Statistics, Tables & Results
BETTING
Soccer Betting
Bookmakers
Bonus Offers
Promotions
INFORMATION
ToS
Privacy
Advertise
Partners
FOLLOW LOGO
Facebook
 
Instagram
 
News Feed
SIGN UP AND JOIN OUR TEAM!

For all betting related promotions and bonuses. 18+ Only. Please gamble responsibly!

 

SoccerNews.com Copyright © 2006 - 2024 All Rights Reserved.

For all betting related promotions and bonuses. 18+ Only. Please gamble responsibly! All odds quoted correct at time of publishing and subject to change.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.soccernews.com/messi-headlines-23-player-mls-mvp-shortlist/376927/ 
 ----- 
