Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Crew's clinch put on hold, but magic number shrinks to 1
Share
Crew's clinch put on hold, but magic number shrinks to 1
Brewers can win NL Central with a victory or a Cubs loss on Wednesday
September 18th, 2024

Adam McCalvy

@AdamMcCalvy
Share
;

14 SECONDS REMAINING

MILWAUKEE -- American Family Field was primed for a celebration, but a Cy Young Award contender stood in the way. So, the Brewers will try again on Wednesday night.

Phillies ace Zack Wheeler allowed one run on four hits over seven terrific innings, and Nick Castellanos and Bryce Harper homered to deal the Brewers a 5-1 loss on Tuesday that delayed Milwaukee’s bid to clinch the National League Central.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

The Brewers went into Tuesday night needing a win over the Phillies and a Cubs loss to the A’s to clinch, and Oakland did its part by topping Chicago at Wrigley Field to drop Milwaukee's magic number to one. But 90 miles to the north, the Phillies hit a pair of tie-breaking home runs off Brewers starter Frankie Montas to keep the champagne on ice.

“I feel the goal is not even clinching, it’s to go all the way and try to win the World Series,” Montas said. “But [clinching the division] is the first step, and obviously we will be happy to do it.”

Wednesday brings another opportunity for the Brewers to clinch their second consecutive division crown, and there’s a chance it’s settled before they take the field for their 6:40 p.m. CT series finale against the Phillies. That’s because the Brewers would also clinch with the next Cubs loss, and Chicago’s game against the A’s on Wednesday is scheduled to begin at 1:20 p.m. CT.

It sets up the potential for a scenario similar to the one that unfolded last year, when the Brewers sprayed champagne and Miller Lite after losing a home game to the Cardinals. While that game was ongoing, Cubs outfielder Seiya Suzuki dropped a routine fly ball in Atlanta, sending Chicago to a loss that handed the Central to Milwaukee.

Related
Brewers avoid arb with 5 of 6, exchange figures with Contreras

3:35 AM UTC

Woodruff gets candid about where he stands in recovery process

January 7th, 2025

Bauers returns to Crew on make-good deal

January 6th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

The Brewers still enjoyed their celebration, but it wasn’t how anyone drew it up.

“The times I’ve been in the playoffs, we’ve controlled our own destiny and got in with a win,” said Brewers first baseman Rhys Hoskins. “[On Wednesday] with the schedule, that’s a little bit out of our control.

“Still, we have to find a way to play good baseball and win the game. Regardless of getting in via another team’s loss or getting in via our win, it’s an incredible accomplishment. I’m anxious to see how it goes, just like everybody else.”

Said Montas: “Of course we want to clinch, but we want to do it in a big way. We want to celebrate after a win. I think it feels better like that.”

Wheeler, who improved to 16-6 with a 2.56 ERA, prevented that from happening on Tuesday with help from some of the Phillies’ biggest bats, starting with Castellanos’ homer leading off the second inning. And, after Garrett Mitchell tied the game with a triple in the fourth inning, Harper reclaimed the lead for Philly with a two-run homer off Montas in the sixth.

Milwaukee fell to 6-3 in Montas’ starts since acquiring the right-hander from the Reds at the Trade Deadline. He was charged with three earned runs on six hits in 5 2/3 innings, with two walks and 10 strikeouts.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

It was a missed opportunity, since the loss cost the Brewers a chance to gain a game on the Dodgers in the overall NL standings after L.A. fell in Miami on Tuesday night. Milwaukee instead fell four games behind the Phillies, losing the season-series tiebreaker on Tuesday, and remained two games behind the Dodgers, with the top two teams earning byes to the second round of the playoffs.

But in the big picture, it was another encouraging start for Montas. He has 28 strikeouts in 17 2/3 innings over three September starts.

“I’m kind of a little surprised myself. I’ve really been able to strike a lot of people out this year,” Montas said. “As soon as I got here, they have done nothing but help me out to take my game to the next level.”

Montas has a chance to be the Brewers’ No. 2 starter going into a playoff series behind Freddy Peralta, who takes on Phillies veteran Aaron Nola on Wednesday. But that kind of thinking is a long way away.

The Brewers have to get there first.

“We’ll obviously keep an eye on that [Cubs] game, but we’re thinking now -- and I hope the guys are thinking this, too -- ‘Let’s play good tonight,’” Brewers manager Pat Murphy said. “What a great opportunity for this time of the year to keep playing baseball and learn everything we can learn. We’re not interested in [exhaling like] it’s over. We’re interested in -- let’s keep our heads down and let somebody come tap us on the shoulder and tell us ‘no more games.’”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers

Supervising Club Reporter Adam McCalvy has covered the Brewers for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/brewers-magic-number-at-one-after-loss-to-phillies 
 ----- 
