Skip to main content
Sections
Search
EPaper
Podcasts
Newsletters
More
WATCH: GLOBE TODAY
EPAPER
SPORTS
Red Sox
Patriots
Bruins
Celtics
Revolution
High Schools
Colleges
TV & Radio
METRO
Weather
Politics
Transportation
Education
Camberville
Around Mass.
Investigations
Obituaries
Death Notices
GAMES & PUZZLES
Crossword
Mini Crossword
Sudokus
Word Flower
WordroW
Jigsaw
BUSINESS
Tech Power Players
Technology
Economy
Housing
Real Estate
Jobs
Biotech
Future Of Work
The Fine Print
Bold Types
POLITICS
2024 Election
MONEY, POWER, INEQUALITY
CLIMATE
SPOTLIGHT
OPINION
Ideas
Columns And Op-Eds
Editorials
Letters
Cartoons
Say More Podcast
NEW HAMPSHIRE
Business
Politics
Education
Crime
Health
Commentary
RHODE ISLAND
Things To Do
Rhode Island Podcast
RI Food & Dining
Politics
Business
Arts
Crime
WORLD
COVID
GLOBE MAGAZINE
Miss Conduct
Dinner With Cupid
Perspective
Women & Power 2023
LIFESTYLE
A Beautiful Resistance
Food & Dining
Comics
Crossword
Games
Travel
Names
Love Letters
Real Estate
ARTS
Books
Movies
Music
Television
Visual Arts
Theater/Dance
CARS
REAL ESTATE
EVENTS
EPAPERMETROWEATHERPOLITICSSPORTSBUSINESSWATCH: GLOBE TODAYPUZZLESRHODE ISLANDGLOBE MAGAZINEOPINIONHEALTHARTSLIFESTYLEEDUCATIONCAMBERVILLEMONEY, POWER, INEQUALITYSPOTLIGHTTECHNOLOGYCLIMATECARSREAL ESTATEEVENTS
SIGN IN
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Starting at $1
ON BASEBALL
Terry Francona’s farewell brings out the stories around the greatest manager in two franchises’ histories
By Peter Abraham Globe Staff,Updated September 27, 2023, 9:59 a.m.
124
Terry Francona will finish his managerial career with two World Series rings, won while with the Red Sox, and more than 1,000 victories from 11 seasons with Cleveland.JASON MILLER/GETTY

Terry Francona hasn’t come right out and said he will retire after the season because that’s not his way. He wants the attention to remain on the field.

But Francona has acknowledged this will be his final season after 23 years on the bench. The Guardians will honor him Wednesday before they play their final home game.

RELATED: As Terry Francona’s career comes to a close, let’s revisit the highs and lows — especially with the Red Sox

At 64, the physical grind of the season has become too much. Francona’s plan is to go back to Arizona, attend to his health, and decide then what comes next.

“I’m actually happy for him, to be honest with you,” Red Sox manager Alex Cora said Tuesday before his team played the Rays. “I know a lot of people are like, ‘Oh, we’re going to miss him on the field.’ I think it’s time. Physically, mentally, enjoy life, man.

Advertisement

“Go out, travel, enjoy your family. Do that. It’s a short window. He’s been grinding through it the last few years.”

Get Starting Point
A guide through the most important stories of the morning, delivered Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Enter Email
Sign Up

Across the field, Tampa Bay manager Kevin Cash recalled his days as a backup catcher with the Sox and all he learned from Francona, which later led to his being hired as a coach in Cleveland.

“I bet [Wednesday] will be a pretty special moment for him and all those fans,” Cash said. “As much as he’s beloved [in Boston], he’s just as beloved there now. I’m sure he’s having a wide range of emotions right now.”

Francona will leave the Guardians with the most victories in franchise history and six playoff appearances in his 11 seasons.

Joe Cronin holds the Red Sox record with 1,071 victories, but Francona has to be considered the greatest manager in franchise history for his role in the historic 2004 championship and how adeptly he managed such outsized personalities as David Ortiz, Manny Ramirez, Dustin Pedroia, and Curt Schilling during his eight seasons.

“We had certain days that it was tough and Tito did a good job,” said Cora, a member of the 2007 championship team.

Terry Francona helped lead the Red Sox to franchise-changing World Series championships in 2004 and 2007.CHIN, BARRY

Managing is far more about building relationships and trust than it is strategy. Cora, who knew then he wanted to stay in baseball after he was done playing, watched how adept Francona was at handling the pressure that came with playing in Boston and getting the best out of the players while shielding them from distractions.

Advertisement

“He kept us in the moment,” Cora said. “It was more about the message. He gave you confidence . . . The door was always open. He’d talk about the game; he’d talk about life. He’s really good at what he does.”

Some of the lessons didn’t resonate until years later.

Francona once told Cora he should designate plenty of responsibility to his coaching staff once he became a manager. When Cora took over with the Sox in 2018, he realized the importance of that advice.

“And here I am,” Cora said.

Worn out by unending drama that culminated in a September collapse, Francona left the Red Sox after the 2011 season. He took over at Cleveland in 2013 and had the team in the World Series in 2016.

Terry Francona has been with the Cleveland Guardians since 2013, helping the club reach the World Series in 2016.JASON MILLER/GETTY

Once he officially retires, Francona will become eligible for the Hall of Fame class of 2027. The committee that reviews executives, managers, and umpires will meet in December 2026 to vote on an eight-person ballot.

It’s hard to imagine Francona not being elected right away. He’s 13th all time in victories, and every manager with more is already in the Hall outside of Dusty Baker and Bruce Bochy, who are still active.

It goes beyond wins and losses. Francona was one of the first managers to incorporate analytics into his decision making and is at the root of a flourishing coaching tree that includes Cash, Cora, Dave Roberts, and five other current managers who either played or coached under him.

That will be some party in upstate New York when the time comes. The laughs will go deep into the night.

Advertisement

“I’ll ask for the day off that day and then go to Cooperstown,” Cora said.

Cash will be there, too.

“I won’t ask. I’ll tell them,” he said.

Peter Abraham can be reached at peter.abraham@globe.com. Follow him @PeteAbe.

Show 124 comments
BOSTON GLOBE TODAY
Does the Patriots’ path forward include Mike Vrabel?
SHARE

7:54

What does moving on mean for New England? Senior NFL writer Ben Volin and beat reporter Christopher Price weigh in on how the franchise can rebuild.
NOW PLAYING
Does the Patriots’ path forward include Mike Vrabel?
The Patriots players that should return to Foxborough
NFL Draft: What will the Patriots do with no. 4 pick?
SEE MORE VIDEOS


MOST POPULAR ON BOSTONGLOBE.COM
Around 60 Tatte workers forced to resign amid growing immigration fears
The real reasons why LA’s fires are out of control
Mass General’s growth comes at expense of affordable health care
In Southie, change comes, again, to a school building intertwined with Boston’s complicated history
Outworked and unfocused, Celtics have slipped into being just another contender
If Robert Kraft doesn’t get this next Patriots coaching hire right, will his legacy sustain permanent damage?
How do former Patriots feel about how far the franchise has fallen?
‘Lord help me... I can’t afford it.’ Jan. property tax bills are out and some Boston homeowners are reeling.
The real season — the offseason — is finally here for the Patriots, and other thoughts


VIEWS FROM OUR COLUMNISTS
CHAD FINN
NESN appears to be finally getting Red Sox booth right again
CHRISTOPHER L. GASPER
Stop crediting the Krafts for making the hard decision to fire Jerod Mayo. It was the easy way out.
DAN SHAUGHNESSY
The real season — the offseason — is finally here for the Patriots, and other thoughts
TARA SULLIVAN
If Robert Kraft doesn’t get this next Patriots coaching hire right, will his legacy sustain permanent damage?
GARY WASHBURN
Outworked and unfocused, Celtics have slipped into being just another contender
MORE ON GLOBE.COM
Around 60 Tatte workers forced to resign amid growing immigration fears
The workers were flagged multiple times beforehand for discrepancies in their government records — a potential sign of issues with their immigration status.
OPINION
The real reasons why LA’s fires are out of control
The most devastating wildfires in LA history are forcing almost every resident to flee or hunker down in fear while outsiders unfairly spread blame.
OPINION
Mass General’s growth comes at expense of affordable health care
If you have a complex medical condition, this hospital is where you want to be. But that doesn’t mean its continued expansion is smart policy.
In Southie, change comes, again, to a school building intertwined with Boston’s complicated history
During the tumultuous 1970s, Southie High became ground zero for racial friction laid bare by the court-ordered desegregation of Boston’s schools.
ON BASKETBALL
Outworked and unfocused, Celtics have slipped into being just another contender
The reality is nobody fears the Celtics anymore. Opposing teams know they can win at the Garden, and they are throwing various defenses against which Boston's offense can’t consistently respond.
TARA SULLIVAN
If Robert Kraft doesn’t get this next Patriots coaching hire right, will his legacy sustain permanent damage?
This is a defining moment, one Kraft needs to align more with boldly stealing Bill Belichick from the Jets than pushing Mayo to the top spot before he was ready.
PATRIOTS
How do former Patriots feel about how far the franchise has fallen?
For a franchise that made eight straight trips to the AFC Championship game from 2011-18, this run of instability has been tough for fans and former Patriots alike.
DAN SHAUGHNESSY
The real season — the offseason — is finally here for the Patriots, and other thoughts
In 2025, the Patriots are annual NFL losers. This makes their offseason far more important than the regular season.
An inferno in Southern California, and one family’s escape
There was, at first, not even a whisper of fire.
MOST READ IN THIS SECTION
ON BASKETBALL
Outworked and unfocused, Celtics have slipped into being just another contender
TARA SULLIVAN
If Robert Kraft doesn’t get this next Patriots coaching hire right, will his legacy sustain permanent damage?
DAN SHAUGHNESSY
The real season — the offseason — is finally here for the Patriots, and other thoughts
PATRIOTS
How do former Patriots feel about how far the franchise has fallen?
KINGS 114, CELTICS 97
Fourth-quarter surge helps red-hot Kings defeat Celtics
BRUINS
Brad Marchand and David Pastrnak refute WEEI report of tension between Bruins stars
HIGH SCHOOLS
Introducing the Fall 2024 All-Scholastics: See the athletes and coaches of the year
HIGH SCHOOLS
Six takeaways from a night of high school sports saturated with buzzer-beaters and big performances
FOLLOW US
SUBSCRIBE NOW

Digital Access

Home Delivery

Gift Subscriptions

MY ACCOUNT

Log In

Manage My Account

Customer Service

Delivery Issues

Feedback

CONTACT

Help & FAQs

Staff List

Advertise

MORE

Newsletters

View The EPaper

Order Back Issues

News In Education

Search The Archives

Privacy Policy

Terms Of Service

Terms Of Purchase

Contact

Work At Boston Globe Media

Internship Program

Co-Op Program

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

©2025 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC
$1 FOR 6 MONTHS
You've Been Selected For Our Best Offer
Get the news you need, anytime and anywhere.

App

Newsletters

Weather

Games

Get Access for $1

Pay with PayPal or Credit Card
Cancel anytime.

Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 870 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Privacy Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

ACCEPT ALL
Reject
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bostonglobe.com/2023/09/26/sports/terry-franconas-farewell-brings-out-stories-around-greatest-manager-two-franchises-histories/ 
 ----- 
