 
Latest News
National
Sports
World
Business
Entertainment
Technology
Health
Today's Paper
Top Story
Opinion
Newspost
Editorial
Magazines
TNS
Instep
Money Matters
YOU
US
Writer's Archive
Sports
Haris Rauf rises in ICC T20I rankings to become top Pakistani player
Bowler trumps Shadab Khan and Shaheen Shah Afridi, who now rank at 13th and 15th respectively
By Sports Desk
April 19, 2023
Haris Rauf celebrates after taking a wicket during a match against New Zealand on April 17, 2023. — PCB 

Following his impressive performance after he claimed 10 wickets in the first three T20Is of the ongoing five-match series against New Zealand, Pakistan speedster Haris Rauf has jumped to 11th spot in the International Cricket Council (ICC) Men's T20I Bowler Rankings, becoming the top-ranked Pakistan bowler.

Rising to the 11th spot, the bowler trumped leg-spinner Shadab Khan and speedster Shaheen Shah Afridi, who now rank at 13th and 15th respectively.


In a press release on Wednesday, the ICC stated: “The Pakistan quick [Rauf] was just ahead of Shaheen Afridi last week and behind Shadab Khan, who was 12th in the T20I bowling rankings. Ten wickets spread across the first three T20Is has seen Rauf move up five places in the rankings to occupy the 11th spot.”

"He also achieved career-high ratings of 657 points in the process and could potentially enter the top 10 by the end of the five-match series," the statement added.

Ish Sodhi (620) and Shaheen (624) have also jumped four and two spots, respectively in the bowler’s rankings.

Sri Lanka's Prabath Jayasuriya also made giant strides in the rankings after continuing his impressive start to red-ball cricket. The left-arm spinner bagged a ten-wicket match haul against Ireland in the first Test, his second such figures in a brief six-match Test career.

According to the statement, "Jayasuriya has 43 wickets in six Tests already with five five-wicket hauls. A career-best seven-wicket haul in the Galle Test against Ireland ensured he moved up by 13 places in the ICC Test bowling rankings to enter the top 20."

"While achieving career-best ratings of 669, Jayasuriya also became the top-ranked Sri Lankan bowler in Test cricket. Ramesh Mendis (576), who moved up by three places after a four-wicket haul in the second innings of the Test against Ireland, is placed next at No.32," it added.

Meanwhile, Sri Lankan skipper Dimuth Karunaratne, who made 179 off 235 balls, achieved career-high ratings of 783 and moved up one place to No.9.

Dinesh Chandimal, who notched up an unbeaten hundred against Ireland, also moved up by four places to enter the top 15. He is now placed 14th with 693 rating points.

Chandimal averages over 90 in the longest format of the game since the start of 2022.

Rickelton’s double ton powers South Africa to 429-5 against Pakistan
Injured Saim Ayub out of remainder South Africa Test
Second Test: Rickelton, Bavuma stabilise South Africa at 316/4 on day 1
Saim Ayub suffers ankle injury during second South Africa Test
Ravi Shastri anticipates Rohit Sharma’s Test cricket exit
Australia drop Marsh, hand Webster debut for fifth India Test
South Africa willing to keep momentum going in final Test against Pakistan
Who is expected to be part of Pakistan's Champions Trophy squad?
Newcastle's Isak, Joelinton leave Manchester United with 4th consecutive loss
MCG attendance record shattered during fourth India vs Australia Test
Australia take seven wickets after tea to beat India in Melbourne
Babar Azam among nominees for ICC Men's T20I Cricketer of the Year award
South Africa defeat Pakistan by two wickets in first Test

South Africa qualify for ICC World Test Championship final after grabbing victory over Pakistan

Pacers help Pakistan take control as South Africa lose three wickets in 148-run chase

Mohammad Abbas removes two Proteas batters as Khurram Shahzad dismisses one ahead of stumps

Saim Ayub nominated for ICC Men's Emerging Cricketer of the Year 2024

Besides Ayub, Kamindu Mendis, Shamar Joseph and Gus Atkinson also made it to nomination list

Cristiano Ronaldo lambasts Ballon d'Or over Vinicius Jr snub

Portuguese football legend calls Real Madrid star's missed Ballon d'Or win "unfair"

Pak vs SA: Proteas take command after Green Shirts lose three wickets

South Africa strike early, dismissing three Pakistani batters including in-form batter Kamran Ghulam

Harsh weather results in two deaths during Sydney to Hobart yacht race

Other crew tried to revive them but were unsuccessful, marking the first fatalities in the race since 1998

Copyright © 2025. The News International, All Rights Reserved | Contact Us | Authors
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thenews.com.pk/latest/1062401-haris-rauf-rises-in-icc-t20i-rankings-to-become-top-pakistani-player 
 ----- 
