SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
CAN 2024
CAN 2024
AFCON: When, How to Watch Burkina Faso Vs Mauritania

This is the first-ever AFCON encounter between Burkina Faso and Mauritania.

Safaa KasraouiJan. 16, 2024 10:49 a.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
This is the first-ever AFCON encounter between Burkina Faso and Mauritania.

Rabat - The Burkinabe national football team will face Mauritania today as part of the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) taking place in Cote d’Ivoire.

The match will kick off at 3:00 p.m. Moroccan Time at the Peace Bouake Stadium, and will be broadcast on beIN Sports 1.Moroccan cuisine

Emerging as a winner from Group B of the AFCON qualifications, this is Burkina Faso’s 13th participation in the continental tournament. 

The West African team has been steadily impressive in its latest AFCON performances, most recently reaching the semifinals in the 2022 edition (where it lost 3-1 to eventual champions Senegal). But the country’s best achievement to date is reaching the final of the 2013 AFCON, where it finished second to Nigeria.  

While the Burkinabe team goes into today’s encounter as the favorite, the shock results witnessed so far in the ongoing AFCON will give Mauritania hope of being the latest team to surprise watchers of African football. 

Favorites such as Nigeria, Algeria, Egypt, and Cameroon were held to disappointing draws in their opening games, while Ghana was stunned by a 2-1 defeat to Cape Verde.

This year will be Mauritania's third participation in this continental tournament, the first of which was in 2019 and then in 2021, though they were eliminated from the group stage on both occasions. They scored their only AFCON against Mali in 2019.

This year, Burkina Faso and Mauritania are playing in Group D alongside Algeria and Angola.

Read also: Algeria Falters in Opening Afcon Clash Against Angola

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.Moroccan cuisine

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in February
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Morocco-Mauritania Rapprochement: Algeria Sacks its Ambassador to Nouakchott
Senegal and Mauritania Begin Joint Gas Project, Target Regional Energy Leadership
Mauritanian Press Frustrated Over Algeria’s Illegal Intrusion on Mauritania Border
Burkina Faso Releases 4 French Nationals at Request of King Mohammed VI
Morocco-Mauritania Meeting Reflects Royal Directives to Boost Sahara Diplomacy
CAF: ‘Morocco is Set to Raise the Bar for African Football’
Morocco U20 Nears AFCON Qualification After 1-1 Draw with Algeria
When, How to Watch Senegal vs Burundi AFCON Qualifier
Recent
Popular
Comments
Cigarette Prices Will Increase In 2025 Due To New Tax Reform

Royal Air Maroc To Launch Rabat-Dakhla Direct Flight

Morocco Records 78,244 New Businesses In First 10 Months Of 2024

IFFhS Names Soufiane Rahimi World’s Best Goalscorer In 2024

Report Shows Increase In Suicide Cases Among IOF Since October 2023

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco’s Futsal Team Secures Semi-Final Spot In 2024 AFCON

Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy In Morocco

Regragui-Mbemba Clash: Bounou Says DR Congo Captain Was Provocative, Disrespectful

Walid Regragui’s Post-CAN Exit Media Appearance Disappoints Fans

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360150/afcon-when-how-to-watch-burkina-faso-vs-mauritania 
 ----- 
