HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023: Burkina Faso vs Mauritania: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 14, 2024 at 2:26 PM
Modified at :
January 14, 2024 at 2:26 PM

Govind

0
0
The Lions of Chinguetti have had two 0-0 results before this fixture

The Burkina Faso national football team are seeded alongside Mauritania, Angola and Algeria. On matchday 1 of the Group D fixture, Burkina Faso will go up against Mauritania. After beating Ethiopia 3-0 in the 2026 FIFA World Cup African qualifiers, the West African country played two friendlies to warm up for the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations. After a 2-1 defeat to Iran, they triumphed 2-1 over DR Congo.

Mauritania national football team on the other hand were involved in a matchday 2 fixture of the 2026 FIFA World Cup African qualifiers against South Sudan. The game ended in a 0-0 stalemate draw. Later at the Stade Olympique Hammadi Agrebi stadium, the Lions of Chinguetti played a friendly game against Tunisia. That game also saw the same result.

Kick-Off:

Tuesday, 16 January 2024 at 2:00 PM UK (7:30 PM IST)

Location: Stade Bouaké

Form

Burkina Faso (in all competitions): W-L-W-D-W

Mauritania (in all competitions): D-D-L-L-W

Players to Watch
Dango Ouattara (Burkina Faso)

A left-footed winger named Dango Ouattara will be one of the key players in the Burkina Faso squad. Aged just 21, Ouattara plays for AFC Bournemouth in the Premier League. For the national team, the right winger has already made 15 appearances scoring 6 goals.

Aboubakar Kamara (Mauritania)

One of the Mauritania players was called up from Al Jazira Club which plays in the UAE Pro League. Aboubakar Kamara is a former Fulham striker who is now 28 years old. For his nation, Kamara has scored 7 goals while making 18 appearances.

Match Facts
In the last meeting, which was a friendly affair, Burkina Faso won 2-1 against Mauritania
In the last six games in all competitions, the Stallions have lost just once
In the last three games, Amir Abdou’s men have failed to score even once
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury & Team News

Burkina Faso’s head coach Hubert Velud will have everyone fit and available for their upcoming 2023 AFCON venture apart from one Aston Villa star. The left-footed Bertrand Traoré is a doubt for the match. Although if he gets the green signal before kickoff, Traoré is likely to start.

The Mauritania side doesn’t have any player concerns before the event but surely the last three matches scoreline will be bugging them. After failing to score even once in 270 minutes of football, they will have some pressure on the back of their mind.

Head to Head

Total Matches – 4

Burkina Faso wins – 2

Mauritania wins – 1

Draws – 1

Predicted Lineup
Burkina Faso predicted lineup (4-4-2):

Koffi (GK); Kabore, Dayo, E. Tapsoba, Guiebre; Traoré, Ouédraogo, Touré, Sangaré; A. Tapsoba, Ouattara

Mauritania predicted lineup (4-2-3-1):

Niasse (GK); El Abd, B. N’Diaye, Ba, Abeid; Gassama, Mahmoud; Thiam, Koita, Anne; Kamara

Match Prediction for Burkina Faso vs Mauritania

On paper, the Burkina Faso side is stronger than that of Mauritania. The Lions of Chinguetti are on a 3-game-goalless drought and should find it hard to compete against Hubert Velud’s side. Likely the result to go in favour of the Stallions before a tough game against Algeria up next.

Prediction: Burkina Faso 1-0 Mauritania

Telecast for Burkina Faso vs Mauritania

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Sn

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-burkina-faso-vs-mauritania-predicted-lineup-injury-news-telecast 
 ----- 
