Jump to content
Independent
Christmas
Subscribe
Menu
NEWS
SPORT
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
INDYBEST
TRAVEL
SportFootball
The return of the Nations League: Groups, favourites and what’s new in 2024/25 as Spain defend crown

Everything you need to know ahead of the Nations League’s return

Nick Akerman
Thursday 05 September 2024 07:39 BST
5
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
open image in gallery
Lamine Yamal, Jude Bellingham, Scott McTominay and Kylian Mbappe (Getty Images/The Independent)
Groups
Groups
What’s new for 2024/25?
When will the fixtures take place?
Who are the favourites?
Sign up to Miguel Delaney’s Reading the Game newsletter sent straight to your inbox for free
SIGN UP
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our privacy policy

An expanded Uefa Nations League is upon us as the first international break of the Premier League season ramps up.

The fourth edition of this competition adds an extra knockout round and maintains the jeopardy of promotion and relegation in its mini leagues – a fate England know too well after dropping to League B following a poor string of results in 2022.

Designed to eliminate meaningless international friendlies in favour of pitting similarly ranked nations against each other in a competitive environment, the Nations League has proven a springboard to success for previous winners Portugal, France and Spain.

England’s best result remains the third-place finish they achieved under Gareth Southgate in the 2018/19 inaugural edition. This time out, Lee Carsley’s men will aim for promotion back to the elite.

RECOMMENDED
England hit with injury blow as Cole Palmer, Ollie Watkins and Phil Foden withdraw from squad
Ronald Koeman bans winger Steven Bergwijn from Netherlands squad over Saudi Arabia move
Lee Carsley looking forward to working with Harry Kane after ‘supportive’ chat
Groups

This season’s draw threw up some interesting fixtures when it was made back in February. Four leagues were created based on each nation’s results in the last Nations League, with four pots then being established within each league based on the same criteria.

One team from each pot was then drawn into each group within their league to get the final draw:

League A

Group A1: Croatia, Portugal, Poland, Scotland

Group A2: Italy, Belgium, France, Israel

Group A3: Netherlands, Hungary, Germany, Bosnia and Herzegovina

Group A4: Spain, Denmark, Switzerland, Serbia

open image in gallery
Scotland will be in League A for this season’s tournament (AFP via Getty Images)

League B

Group B1: Czechia, Ukraine, Albania, Georgia

Group B2: England, Finland, Republic of Ireland, Greece

Group B3: Austria, Norway, Slovenia, Kazakhstan

Group B4: Wales, Iceland, Montenegro, Turkiye

open image in gallery
Interim England manager Lee Carsley will oversee the autumn Nations League games (The FA via Getty Images)

League C

Group C1: Sweden, Azerbaijan, Slovakia, Estonia

Group C2: Romania, Kosovo, Cyprus, Lithuania*

Group C3: Luxembourg, Bulgaria, Northern Ireland, Belarus

Group C4: Armenia, Faroe Islands, North Macedonia, Latvia

League D

Group D1: Gibraltar, San Marino, Liechtenstein

Group D2: Moldova, Malta, Andorra

What’s new for 2024/25?

Each team will continue to play the others in their group home and away, but qualification for the finals is now slightly different. A new knockout round has been added for March 2025 in a bid to create a greater sense of continuity between the end of the group and the start of the knockouts.

The gap between both stages–which has previously been from November to June–was deemed too long and not a great way to build hype for a competition that already has plenty of doubters.

open image in gallery
Spain are the reigning European and Nations League champions (AP)

Here’s how the new system will work:

The League A winners and second-placed teams will enter home and away quarter-finals against each other. Victorious teams will take up the four spots in the finals, while fourth-placed teams in Leagues A and B will be relegated. Those battling in League C have to work a little harder for safety with the two bottom-placed sides plummeting to League D.

Promoted stories
南港新灣區 發現最強新資產
東方大境
了解更多
by Taboola
Sponsored Links

On the flipside, all four winners from Leagues B and C will be automatically promoted, with the two League D winners also moving up. Further promotions will be decided via two-legged play-offs, between the third-ranked teams in League A and runners-up in League B, as well as the third-ranked teams in League B and runners-up in League C.

Confused yet? There’s more.

The two best ranked fourth-place teams in League C will meet the two runners-up from League D to decide who enters the next competition in the higher division.

When will the fixtures take place?

The extra knockout stage will only impact a small number of nations, with much of the schedule playing out how we’ve seen before.

Matchday 1: 5-7 September 2024
Matchday 2: 8-10 September 2024
Matchday 3: 10-12 October 2024
Matchday 4: 13-15 October 2024
Matchday 5: 14-16 November 2024
Matchday 6: 17-19 November 2024
Knockout round play-off draw: November 2024
Knockout round play-offs: 20-25 March 2025
League A quarter-finals: 20-25 March 2025
Final tournament: 4-8 June 2025
Who are the favourites?

Unsurprisingly, Spain enter this year’s proceedings as heavy favourites to defend their crown. They’ve reached two out of three finals so far and beat Croatia on penalties to secure their first Nations League trophy last year.

It’s fair to say Luis de la Fuente’s side have improved massively since then. Spain were scintillating en route to winning Euro 2024, with the emergence of Lamine Yamal and Nico Williams forcing teams to clam up in fear of being ripped apart on the wings.

France may well be the team that can push Spain the furthest. We never truly saw the best of Les Bleus at Euro 2024, with Kylian Mbappe’s broken nose hidden behind a mask amounting to lasting image of their tournament. France showed some excellent defensive qualities in Germany as William Saliba and Jules Kounde stepped up, even if they remained blunt in attack.

RECOMMENDED
Man Utd manager Ruben Amorim drops fresh hint over Marcus Rashford’s future
Ruben Amorim makes alarming admission over Man Utd rebuild after Wolves setback
請支持綠色和平海洋減塑捐款計畫
財團法人綠色和平基金會
|
Sponsored
還在用傳統方式找網紅合作嗎？
KOL Radar
|
Sponsored
Powered by Taboola
open image in gallery
Kylian Mbappe will try to lead to France to glory after Euros disappointment (AP)

Julian Nagelsmann may well feel like the Germans missed out on a wonderful opportunity during their own tournament. He now oversees a new era without Toni Kroos, Ilkay Gundogan, Thomas Muller and Manuel Neuer, four stalwarts of the nation’s success across many years.

This year’s Nations League feels like it will come too soon to push for the title, with Germany more likely to sit with Portugal, Italy and the Netherlands as League A challengers who sit slightly on the outside.

More aboutNations LeagueLee CarsleyEngland Football Team
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

5
Comments
Promoted stories
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night long.
You will never turn off your computer again.
COMBATSIEGE|Sponsored
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
~12/29 前，實體門市限定滿額最高現折$500
宜得利家居|Sponsored
了解更多
網路投保駕駛人傷害險享82折優惠
肉包鐵的騎士享受方便快速時，不要忘了投保「駕駛人傷害險」，特別是自摔強制險可是不賠的唷!
新安東京海上產險|Sponsored
立即選購
檸檬漬片隨手包｜輕鬆放口袋酸甜帶著走
輕便小包裝設計，無論是運動後的活力補給，還是工作的嘴饞時刻，隨時一開享受酸甜好滋味。完美保留檸檬營養，小小一包、能量滿點！
檸檬生存指南|Sponsored
立即選購
找到命定床墊！『德泰彈簧床』重返最合拍的睡眠狀態～
感受最適合自己的好眠，不僅精神佳、生活狀態更好！獨特職人工藝，打造軟硬適中、親膚品質，快來店體驗。
德泰彈簧床|Sponsored
立即試用
蔬食米其林．茶香鳳梨酥
 波本香草莢與伯爵茶的完美邂逅，打造出令人上癮的茶香酥皮！柔和鳳梨餡的酸甜滋味——專屬於您的午後私享
三萩茶會|Sponsored
立即選購
型男最愛！３ＧＵＮ｜天翼王鍺3件$999｜
 魅力加速升級，實穿清爽不悶濕～熱銷破萬件，天翼設計穩定不晃動，優質內在美嗨翻2025，特惠快搶！
3GUN|Sponsored
立即選購
日山能源｜限時特惠！變流器加贈15個側邊線夾
 固德威—全球五大品牌之一，限時購買即送側邊線夾15個，立即搶購！領先技術，品質保證！單相與三相變流器應有盡有，防塵防水設計，通過VPC認證，穩定供電，轉換高效，助您最大化能源效益。
日山能源|Sponsored
了解更多
NEWS
Father who died on Christmas Day named as police launch murder in...
TRAVEL
Hundreds saved on Christmas Eve after driver jumps from high-spee...
VOICES
How Putin’s ‘ruthless’ Christmas Day attacks on Ukraine may backfire
Why inheritance tax changes for pensions means a double hit for beneficiaries
There could be more changes ahead that will affect your family
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
Read More Comments
＼薇貝拉青春魔法／澎彈美肌速速前！
找回澎、潤、彈的年輕細緻感，馬上諮詢非凡美學，訂製你的專屬青春方案！
非凡美學診所|Sponsored
了解更多
SO THRILLING. SO AMG.
AMG 地表最速家族，以突破性的創新性能，打破一切界限
MERCEDES-BENZ|Sponsored
立即瀏覽
LIFESTYLE
Homes Under the Hammer star says he is unsure ‘how much time I’ve...
NEWS
Family of missing father ‘ripped to pieces’ after he failed to fly home f...
「來一片嗎？」驚！差點搶同事的來吃→這次團購我跟定了！
 原本以為就是片鍋粑，結果一吃欲罷不能，把同事給得吃光，還覬覦人家袋子裡的那幾片！【鍋粑脆餅】揪團買最划算，9種口味，每天都想來一片，一天一口味，低熱量負擔小，每天都吃得好開心٩(^ᴗ^)۶
一口鍋|Sponsored
立即購買
LIFESTYLE
Billie Lourd shares emotional tribute to mother Carrie Fisher eight years after death
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Subscribe
Register
Newsletters
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.independent.co.uk/sport/football/nations-league-groups-favourites-fixtures-2024-25-b2606862.html 
 ----- 
