Cricket
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Cricket
Schedule
BGT 2024
PAK vs SA
SL vs NZ
BBL 24
Vijay Hazare
ZIM vs AFG
BPL 2024
Cricket News
T20 World Cup 2024
T20 World Cup 2021: [Watch] West Indies' Chris Gayle dismisses Australia's Mitchell Marsh and then hugs him from behind while joyfully celebrating
T20 World Cup 2021: [Watch] West Indies' Chris Gayle dismisses Australia's Mitchell Marsh and then hugs him from behind while joyfully celebrating
By
Balakrishna
Modified Nov 06, 2021 20:42 IST 
Follow Us
Discuss
Chris Gayle and Mitchell Marsh. (pic: cricket.com.au Twitter)

Legendary West Indies player Chris Gayle picked up the wicket of Mitchell Marsh in the Group 1 match between West Indies and Australia today. Australia won the match by eight wickets.

It could potentially be a farewell game for Chris Gayle in the West Indies jersey. If that is the case, then he did sign off by scalping a wicket in the final moments of his international career.

Chris Gayle looked to be in a great mood throughout the second innings. He even jumped in elation after picking up the wicket and then went on to hug Mitchell Marsh from behind. Marsh also smiled back, noticing Gayle's cheerful antics.

Trending

You can watch the video below:

However, Marsh's wicket did not have any consequences in the context of the game. By the time Mitchell Marsh departed, Australia had already cruised to the shores of victory in comfortable fashion. They chased down 158 in 16.2 overs to improve their net run-rate and boost their chances of qualifying for the semis.

It's good I was able to have a successful career: West Indies' Dwayne Bravo

Veteran West Indies all-rounder Dwayne Bravo has expressed his gratitude to God for letting him have a fruitful international career. Bravo has been a linchpin for West Indies over the last two decades.

He has called time on his international career after today's match against Australia. While speaking to Star Sports, Bravo reflected on his successful career and said:

''Thanks, almighty God for the talent he blessed me with and also to represent the West Indies for 18 years. For me, cricket has always been my childhood dream and I wanted to represent the region, follow in the footsteps of my childhood hero Brian."

He added:

"It's good I was able to have a successful career. I am happy to leave the game at this period, I have no regrets. Having said that, my last time, I want to make sure I want to finish off on a high. I want to do it for my team."
Expand Tweet

Bravo has been a phenomenal performer for West Indies over the years. The Caribbean side will miss Bravo's all-round services dearly in the future.

Looking for fast live cricket scores? Download CricRocket and get fast score updates, top-notch commentary in-depth match stats & much more! 🚀☄️

Quick Links

T20 World Cup 2024 Australia Cricket Team West Indies Cricket Chris Gayle Dwayne Bravo
Edited by Aditya Singh
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/cricket/news-t20-world-cup-2021-watch-chris-gayle-dismisses-mitchell-marsh-hugs-behind-joyfully-celebrating 
 ----- 
