    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  Hazlewood, Warner extend West Indies World T20 misery
SPORTS
Hazlewood, Warner extend West Indies World T20 misery
November 6, 2021 0
David Warner of Australia celebrates following the ICC Men's T20 World Cup match between Australia and Windies at Sheikh Zayed stadium on November 06, 2021 in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. (Photo by Gareth Copley-ICC/ICC via Getty Images)

Australia closed in on a semi-final place at the Men’s T20 World Cup with an eight-wicket trashing of already eliminated West Indies in Abu Dhabi.

David Warner hit an unbeaten 89 off 56 balls and Mitch Marsh 53 as Australia chased 158 with 22 deliveries to spare. Earlier, West Indies posted 157-7, captain Kieron Pollard scoring 44 and Josh Hazlewood taking 4-39.

Australia can still be eliminated if South Africa record a large victory over England in the other game  on Saturday.

West Indies’ Chris Gayle raises his bat as he is being greeted by his teammates after his dismissal during the ICC mens Twenty20 World Cup cricket match between Australia and West Indies at the Sheikh Zayed Cricket Stadium in Abu Dhabi on November 6, 2021. (Photo by INDRANIL MUKHERJEE/AFP)

Defending champions limp out

Saturday might be the last we see of Chris Gayle in international cricket. He treated the crowd to two sixes before being bowled by Pat Cummins for 15.

The 42-year-old has struggled in the World Cup, scoring 55 runs in five innings, and now has one half-century in his last 31 Twenty20 international innings.

He walked off with his bat and helmet raised to the crowd and was embraced by his team-mates on the boundary.

Gayle returned with multiple parts of his kits and was signing items and handing them to the crowd in the clearest sign yet that he will call time on a glistening career that has brought him almost 20,000 international runs.

West Indies, abject with the bat in this tournament, produced a much improved performance against Australia, taking 50 off the six-over powerplay and 58 in the final five overs.

Dwayne Bravo of West Indies makes their way through a guard of honour following the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup match between Australia and Windies at Sheikh Zayed stadium on November 06, 2021 in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. (Photo by Gareth Copley-ICC/ICC via Getty Images)

However, there were also 49 dot balls, and the fact Andre Russell faced only seven deliveries for his unbeaten 23 – including sixes off the last two balls of the innings – raised questions over their approach and batting order.

West Indies were sloppy in the field and the match had come to resemble a friendly long before the smiling Gayle was afforded a ceremonial over of off-spin in which he had Marsh taken at mid-off, then ran to give him a hug as he left the field.

Dwayne Bravo, the most successful bowler in T20 history, made 10 and took 0-36 in his final game for West Indies.

By finishing fifth in Group One, defending champions West Indies must now qualify for next year’s T20 World Cup in Australia.

Warner’s resurgence continues

Warner came into the tournament with a cloud hanging over him after being dropped by Sunrisers Hyderabad in the Indian Premier League.

This was his second half-century in the World Cup and was an ominous sign for England before this winter’s Ashes series in Australia.

Warner latched on to anything short, cutting and pulling with disdain in an innings containing nine fours and four sixes.

He was ably supported by Marsh, who struck five fours and two sixes before falling to Gayle with the scores level. (BBC Sport)

Advertisement _____
Previous article
Direct Guyana & B’dos flights as interCaribbean airways ‘takes off’ in Dec.
Next article
Long-awaiting Zeelugt families to get land titles in three months
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
Sparta Boss crowned champions of Kashif and Shanghai/One Guyana National Futsal Championship
Sports
Babar, Masood fight for Pakistan after South Africa enforce follow-on
Sports
Soca Warriors get $6.8M from government for World Cup campaign
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
Opposition must be held accountable for decline in forestry, bauxite sectors – President Ali
Editor - January 6, 2025
New Mackenzie-Wismar Bridge 31 per cent complete; substantial progress expected by year-end
Editor - January 6, 2025
 Anisah Khan: Guyana’s Trailblazing Female DJ
Editor - January 6, 2025
Motorcyclist hospitalised after serious incident on Essequibo Coast
Editor - January 6, 2025
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a  daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
November 2021
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
1	2	3	4	5	6	7
8	9	10	11	12	13	14
15	16	17	18	19	20	21
22	23	24	25	26	27	28
29	30	 
« Oct   Dec »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2021/11/06/hazlewood-warner-extend-west-indies-world-t20-misery/ 
 ----- 
