skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Happy New Year
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketWest Indies vs New Zealand highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: WI beat NZ by 13 runs and qualify for Super Eight
West Indies vs New Zealand highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: WI beat NZ by 13 runs and qualify for Super Eight
West Indies vs New Zealand highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Earlier, Sherfane Rutherford's heroics take hosts West Indies to 149/9 in the first innings a tricky pitch after New Zealand skipper Kane Williamson won the toss and opted to bowl first against Rovman Powell's West Indies in the match 26 of T20 World Cup 2024.
By: Sports Desk
Updated: June 13, 2024 12:54 IST
Follow Us
West Indies' Nicholas Pooran, second left, celebrates after taking a catch to dismiss New Zealand's captain Kane Williamsond uring the men's T20 World Cup cricket match between the West Indies and New Zealand at the Brian Lara Cricket Academy, Tarouba, Trinidad and Tobago, Wednesday, June 12, 2024. AP/PTI

West Indies vs New Zealand highlights, T20 World Cup 2024 Match Today: Gudakesh Motie’s 3-wicket haul in the middle overs strangled New Zealand as they lost by 13 runs. Chasing 150 runs Kane Williamson’s side could only manage to get to 136-9 in the end

Earlier, Sherfane Rutherford’s heroics take hosts West Indies to 149/9 in the first innings a tricky pitch after New Zealand skipper Kane Williamson won the toss and opted to bowl first against Rovman Powell’s West Indies in the match 26 of T20 World Cup 2024.

With the win West Indies have qualified for the Super Eight and New Zealand have only slimmest of the chances to make it to the next round of the tournament.

Follow West Indies vs New Zealand highlights 

Match Ended
ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024 - Match 26
West Indies
149/9 (20.0)
vs
New Zealand
136/9 (20.0)
Match Ended ( Day - Match 26 )
West Indies beat New Zealand by 13 runs
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
West Indies vs New Zealand T20 World Cup 2024 highlights: Catch all the highlights between WI vs NZ from Brian Lara Stadium in Tarouba, Trinidad
10:40 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: Rovman Powell after game

I'm very happy, we find ourselves in some trouble and two guys went deep. We already discussed that somebody had to play a blinder, it was not an easy wicker for the inclement weather. Sherfane's innings was fantastic and gave us confidence during the innings break. What the New Zealand bowlers tried to do well we tried to replicate. At the halfway mark we sat down and discussed trying to hit a hard length and our spinners to spin the ball. We have got to use what we have, we don't have fast bowlers like New Zealand. Credit to them (spinners) even with a wet ball, they did well. Such a brilliant night and someone had to stand up and be counted.

10:23 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: Kane Williamson after the game

It was good, we had an inkling it would be quite tricky if we hit an area and that proved to be the case. The quality of Sherfane's innings was the difference, incredibly impressive and quite frustrating for us. The batting depth from their side was quite beneficial, we took the aggressive option to take the wicket and T20 is a game of small margins and unfortunately did not work out that way. [on Santner bowling the last over] We know that and we have full trust in that, the guys did that well in the first 12 overs but as I said it's small margins and two three balls in an over can go big and the score can be above par. You get the prep and do what you can. Conditions here are what they are and we can't make excuses. We need to keep getting better and keep finding a way, 10-15 runs that can make a big difference. We need to bounce back quickly, we are back in two days, we need to be smarter. The learnings are important and we need to pick ourselves up and go again.

09:47 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: WI beat NZ by 13 runs and qualify for Super Eight

West Indies beat New Zealand by 13 runs. The result flatters to deceive but New Zealand has been out of it almost from the 13th over. Phillips did try hard at the end but he was short of partners in the end. As per West Indies, it has been an excellent bowling performance from them they found the right areas to bowl on this surface stuck their guns, and have now qualified for the Super Eight. As per New Zealand, all they have is a mathematical possibility. Let's just say their qualifying is nearly zero but not zero yet. 

09:37 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 19 overs NZ 117/9

Phillips followed Southee and the latest has been Boult. It has been once again another night to forget for them. They were in the contest for the first 18 overs and let it slip away from there. As per batting the innings never got going.

09:28 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 17.4 overs NZ 108/7

New Zealand would be disappointed with their effort mainly in the final two overs with the ball. They have 15-20 runs too many away and the pressure is showing here. While Philips is doing his best and looking to get the boundary of every ball the nature of the pitch is not allowing him to do so. Also, he is not trusting Santner to take strike seems like he wants to do the heavy lifting. The dew has completely set and batting has become easy. Also interesting to see that the West Indies have not attempted yorkers they have been only trying to make batters hit toward longer boundary. As we update Phillips departs. 

09:18 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 15.3 overs NZ 85/6

New Zealand has been cornered here from some excellent death bowling from West Indies which forced Neesham to take on Joseph of very first ball and could not get nowhere in the middle and ball flew high in the air and Brandon King at mid-off took an excellent catch. With Neesham gone the pressure further increases on Philips to do the bulk of work here. But the way West Indies are bowling and the momentum with their side the result of this game seems to be already decided. After a very long time West Indies are looking like title contenders. 

09:08 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 13.4 overs NZ 81/5

Motie is done for the day. What a spell it has been. We have two Man Of the Match contenders if West Indies do win this game one is Rutherford and the other one is Motie and the wickets he has picked. Having said that New Zealand has Neesham and Phillips in the middle who have made a reputation for finishing games like these. The pitch might have looked difficult but dew seems to have made things easier in the last 15 minutes or so. Also, West Indies fielding has become a bit sloppy. They mustn't take their eye off the ball. 

08:59 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 11.2 overs NZ 66/5

That is a cracking delivery from Motie to dismiss Mitchell. The ball pitches and skids onto the middle stump grips a touch turns away and hits the top of the off-stump. Classic left-arm spinner dismissal from Motie this has been brilliant stuff from him. New Zealand has now lost half their side it is looking increasingly difficult for them to chase these runs down. The turning point definitely has been the middle-over spell this has been from Motie. He used hardly any variations it has been just line and length at a high pace. Proper Test match bowling from Motie here.

08:48 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 9.5 overs NZ 58/4

Rachin when hit the ball would have though he had middle but he was hitting towards the longer-boundary against the win which ensured that Russell could take a simple catch on the boundary. If New Zealand were in a bit of trouble before that wicket they are now in a lot of trouble. One thing Motie has done is bowl it quicker through the air and let the ball skid on because of the dew that has formed and the indifferent bounce has ensured that the batters have less time to react. It has been a bit of Test-match like bowling from the West Indian spinners. 

08:38 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 7.4 overs NZ 49/3

Kane Williamson tried to cut the ball got the edge and the keeper took a fabulous catch of Motie. The left-arm spinner has been in good form this tournament and once again he picks the crucial wicket. If New Zealand lose it they are out of the tournament which is a rarity considering how consistent they have been in the last few years. They need someone to bat till the end and explode in the final overs like Rutherford did to give themselves a chance. There is plenty of dew on the outfield which will make it difficult for bowlers but NZ batters need to hold their nerve.

08:28 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 5.5 overs NZ 35/2

Finn Allen gets dropped by Rutherford. The batter tried to work Joseph's delivery on the leg-side and got the leading edge which went up in the air and the fielder dropped. It has been a mixed start for New Zealand. Though they have only lost one wicket they have not looked convincing at all. As we update Allen gives another opportunity which Russell takes at fine leg near the boundary. It was a short ball from Joseph which Allen pulled and got the top edge. New Zealand have now lost two in Powerplay and neither are they keeping up with the required run rate. 

08:17 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 3.4 overs NZ 24/1

Devon Conway has departed. Hosein gets the breakthrough. It was an arm-ball from the left-arm spinner and Conway tried to sweep the ball without picking and got the tp-edge straight to fine-leg much-needed breakthrough for West Indies first up. This is slowly and steadily turning into a cracking game. Rachin Ravindra has walked into the middle another interesting move from New Zealand. There has been a lot of chopping and changing from them today which is very unlike Kane Williamson. 

08:12 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 2.3 overs NZ 19/0

Hosein and Shepard have taken the new ball for West Indies and there is an uneven bounce already on this surface. It will be very interesting to see how the Kiwis will pace this chase. They have to be pragmatic about how they go here. Yes, they are way behind in terms of Net Run Rate compared to both West Indies and Afghanistan but getting two points here will be the priority. The innings from Finn Allen and his approach here might give us a fair indication or idea of how Kiwis are planning to go about this run chase here. 

08:06 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: Rutherford during innings break

Want to thank God for the opportunity. Good feeling to play a World cup match and this is what we work hard for and strive for, thankful I could make a contribution. My plan was to bat deep and back myself to make it count and I did that. Was telling whoever came out to bat, that even small contributions count. 149 is a brilliant score on this.

07:53 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 20 overs WI 149/9

Mitchell Santner came up with a tactic of bowling away from the batter however, after the first ball it became predictable and Rutherford started to set himself for that and played his shots accordingly and extracted 18 runs in the final overs. 37 came in the last two which is a lot on this surface. It has been a brilliant innings from Rutherford. New Zealand on the other hand have started well with pacers and picked wickets but in the end, it seems like they have let 10-15 runs too many away which might just come to haunt them back in the second innings.

07:44 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 19 overs WI 131/9

Mitchell bowled the 19th over of innings which Rutherford slammed for 19 runs. It was clean striking from the left-hander. He took in the pressure as much as he could and freed his arms when he had to. That Mitchell over might be a turning point in this game. 

07:38 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 18 overs WI 112/9

Shepard has departed as Lockie Ferguson's delivery kept a tad ball as he played an ugly swipe and missed the ball and was trapped in front of the wicket. Once again the new ball has extra bounce and the ball got softer the odd one is keeping low which makes things extremely difficult for batting. As we update Trent Boult's picks of Joseph another delivery has kept low. Seems like bowlers who hit stumps regularly will enjoy bowling on this pitch. What an absorbing first innings it has been so far. It is going to be an interesting chase from Kiwis as well.

07:29 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 16.1 overs WI 103/7

This partnership is growing now between Rutherford and Shepard. They are taking calculated risks from time to time which is working. There are a few towels out as well indicating there is a bit of dew which the West Indies would be watching carefully. New Zealand on the other hand also need to be a little careful here that they don't concede too many runs in the final over and let the game slip away from their grasp. Kane Williamson is closing off the overs of his main bowlers hoping for a wicket to fall so that Kiwis can make inroads into tail. 

07:19 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 14.3 overs WI 89/7

It has been another pitch that has challenged the bat this tournament. After an IPL which has seen plenty of runs being scored this is a bit of a different flavour to cricket. However, despite being a difficult pitch to bat on the West Indies don't have enough on the board. They need to try and take the score 130-140 mark which will be a challenge for New Zealand to chase given the extra bounce. One of the deliveries of Jimmy Neesham has been kept low as well which might increase as the game goes on in the second innings which can create trouble for Kiwi batters.

07:10 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 12.3 overs WI 76/7

Hosein tried to work the ball on the leg side and chipped it straight to mid-on fielder Neesham. Another wicket falls for West Indies just when things were looking like they were getting settled the hosts lost one more. Andre Russell has walked into the middle and he has made his intentions clear right from ball one. Lockie was brought back into the attack to bowl bumpers to the West Indian which worked to an extent but whenever the ball was pitched up the batter hit it into the stands. As we update Boult picks Andre Russell with a slower one. 

06:58 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 10.2 overs WI 56/5

We have reached the water break and it has been undoubtedly New Zealand's first 10 overs. Yes, the wicket has something to offer but both Boult and Southee stuck to their lines with the new ball. They were probing around that off-stump channel testing the defences of the West Indian top order. The surface with that extra bounce put the West Indian top order in all sorts of trouble. As of now the onus is on Hosein and Rutherford to keep batting and set a platform. As we update Mitchell Santner has come into the attack for the first time in the game.

06:49 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 9 overs WI 47/5

West Indies has promoted Hosein up the order instead of Russell. The job in hand for both Hosein and Rutherford is simple which is to build a partnership and lay a foundation for Russell to come in later and explode. Given the way the surface has behaved and the bowling attack that West Indies possess if they can get to around 150-mark they can try and defend. Once again to remind everyone it has not been an unplayable wicket but there is enough bounce and swing on offer which has troubled the West Indian batters. The hosts themselves have Russell and Joseph in their attack who can exploit the bounce.

06:39 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 6.3 overs WI 30/5

Another one bites the dust for West Indies it was Rovman Powell this time who tried to guide the ball toward the third man and got the outside edge for Conway to take a simple catch. It is not an unplayable surface but the pitch is doing enough to trouble the batters. It seems like New Zealand has read the surface right going in with the extra pace option as the bowlers who are bending their backs are getting a response out of this surface. As we update Jimmy Neesham picks Brandon King West Indies have now lost half their side. 

06:29 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 5 overs WI 22/3

A good passage of play for New Zealand First it was Pooran who tried to pull the short ball and got the top edge which was swirling in the air and Conway who was keeping took an excellent catch. Then Roston Chase who has been in fabulous this year with the bat tried to take on pacy Lockie Ferguson but was caught by Rachin as the ball went up in the air. The pitch seems to be hurrying the batters when dug in short. All the bowlers Kane Williamson has used so far have responded by picking wickets. Excellent comeback for New Zealand today after the drubbing they took against Afghanistan.

06:18 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 3.3 overs WI 16/1

Nicholas Pooran has walked into the middle and he has been looking to be proactive against Boult who is getting swing. From time to time he is charging down the track and is taking that extra risk against the bowler trying to upset the rhythm of Boult. Tim Southee is sharing the new ball with Boult and he started decently in the second over. Thus far the ball is coming nicely onto the bat there has been no sign of slowness or sluggishness we have to wait and see how the surface responds once the spinners come into play on this surface.

06:09 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 1.4 overs WI 3/1

Trent Boult draws first blood and it is Charles who falls. The left-arm seamer was getting a hint of swing in the that over and put Charles in a put of bother every ball through the first over. The batter off the final ball tried to play the ball through the covers and got the inside edge and the ball went on to hit stumps. Big wicket as Charles has been in good form at the top of the order for West Indies. New Zealand, must build on that start and try and restrict West Indies to a moderate total.

05:59 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: Let's go

The national anthems are down. The ground is full and buzzing it promises to be a cracking contest between two top-quality sides. Remember it is a must-win for New Zealand they lose today, and that will be it for them for the 2024 World Cup campaign. 

05:49 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pitch report

65 metres and 67 metres on the sides and 74 metres straight. Some of the pockets are bigger. The wind is around 10 km/hr. Recently relaid surface. Historically, the average runs scored is 162. It has been one of the lowest scoring venues. An element of patchiness on the pitch, some grass and some bare areas, that tells us there will be variable bounce, says Badree.

05:39 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: WI playing XI

Brandon King, Johnson Charles, Nicholas Pooran(w), Roston Chase, Rovman Powell(c), Sherfane Rutherford, Andre Russell, Romario Shepherd, Akeal Hosein, Alzarri Joseph, Gudakesh Motie

05:38 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: NZ playing XI

Finn Allen, Devon Conway(w), Kane Williamson(c), Daryl Mitchell, Glenn Phillips, Rachin Ravindra, James Neesham, Mitchell Santner, Tim Southee, Lockie Ferguson, Trent Boult

05:38 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: Rovman Powell at toss

Doesn't matter if we are batting or bowling, but if we had won the toss, we would have liked to bowl first as well. The guys are coming in on the back of a lot of cricket, the guys need rest too and the inclement weather helped. To keep on improving in all three areas, as a batting group we have some boxes to tick and as a bowling group, if we can control the powerplay as we did in the last game, that would be great. Same team.

05:37 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: Kane Williamson at toss

We will have a bowl. Few unknowns about the surface so bowling first. [on if they practiced here in the lead-up to this game] Not much to be honest, there's a bit of weather around. Tough first match but we have got to regroup. Southee in for Henry, Neesham in for Bracewell and Ravindra in for Chapman. New venue, new team.

05:25 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: WI skipper Rovman Powell ahead of game

"If there's a good time to play New Zealand I think it's now. They're a little bit undercooked, the pressure is really on them because this game decides whether they go on yes or no - but having said that we're not focusing on New Zealand we're focusing on what we have to do and once you do what we have to do then that will take care of itself."

05:19 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: NZ predicted XI

Finn Allen, Devon Conway (wk), Kane Williamson (c), Daryl Mitchell, Glenn Phillips, Mark Chapman, Michael Bracewell, Mitchell Santner, Matt Henry/ Ish Sodhi, Trent Boult, Lockie Ferguson

05:16 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: WI predicted XI

Johnson Charles, Brandon King, Roston Chase, Nicholas Pooran (wk), Rovman Powell (c), Andre Russell, Sherfane Rutherford, Romario Shepherd, Akeal Hosein, Alzarri Joseph, Gudakesh Motie

05:05 (IST)
13 JUN 2024
West Indies vs New Zealand Live Score, T20 World Cup: Hola!

Hello and welcome to our live blog of New Zealand taking on West Indies in Trinidad. A Win for West Indies will take them into the Super Eight while a loss for New Zealand will eliminate them from the competition. All in all it is going to be a cracking game of cricket so stay with us for all the updates. 

Thiru Kumaran, former India player traces his journey as grassroots coach in Dallas

Kumaran, a former India cricketer, played 8 ODIs between 1999-2000. He also played 31 FC matches for Tamil Nadu. (Thiru Kumaran/Facebook)

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 13-06-2024 at 05:01 IST
TAGS:
Kane Williamson
Live Score
New Zealand Cricket Team
Nicholas Pooran
T20 World Cup 2024
West Indies Cricket Team
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
Happy New Year Wishes Live
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
CTET Answer Key
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
Bank Holidays In January 2025: A Complete State-Wise List
Marco Leaked On Piracy Websites: Unni Mukundan Pleads With Fans To Watch Malayalam Hit In Theatres, Says He’s Feeling ‘Helpless’
Japanese Tourist Breaks Down Over ‘Loud’ Honks, Music In India: ‘They Are Relentless’
Daily Briefing: One For The Farmers
Jammu And Kashmir: 3 Found Dead In Guest House In Bhaderwah, Police Suspect Asphyxiation
Gold Rate Today, 2 January: Check 18, 22, 24 Carat Gold Prices In All Major Cities
Bag With Jewellery Worth Rs 15 Lakh Stolen From Delhi’s Karol Bagh Metro Station; 2 Arrested
PM Narendra Modi Congratulates Diljit Dosanjh On Success Of Dil-Luminati Tour: ‘You Are Winning Everyone’s Hearts’
As Winter Deepens, IMD Issues Cold Wave, Dense Fog Alerts Across North India
Chandigarh Resident Held For ‘Committing Illegal Activities At De-Addiction Centres’
JEE Main 2025 January Session Exam Schedule Out, Check Paper 1, 2 Dates Here
Magnus Carlsen On Allegations Against Him: ‘Not Trying To Influence FIDE… Was A Bad Joke Given Gravity Of Situation’
Chandigarh Extends LOI To Kolkata Firm, Gives Time To Deposit Money Till January 21
Man Killed In Central Delhi’s Bapa Nagar By Minor Tenants, Their Friend; All Apprehended
An Aspiring Nurse, Football Star, Single Mother And Father Of 2 Killed In New Orleans Attack
Sukhu Relinquishes Power Subsidy, Urges Well-Off Consumers To Follow Suit
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/west-indies-vs-new-zealand-live-score-t20-world-cup-2024-match-26-today-wi-vs-nz-latest-scorecard-updates-9388841/ 
 ----- 
