skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Happy New Year
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketSherfane Rutherford bats time, then bats New Zealand out of the T20 World Cup in two-over blitz
Premium
Sherfane Rutherford bats time, then bats New Zealand out of the T20 World Cup in two-over blitz
Sherfane Rutherford's 39-ball 68 on a night almost everyone struggled to get going with the bat was the big difference as West Indies staged a remarkable fightback from 76/7 to post 149/9.
Written by Vinayakk Mohanarangan
Updated: June 14, 2024 19:04 IST
5 min read
West Indies' Sherfane Rutherford reacts after scoring 50 runs during the men's T20 World Cup cricket match between the West Indies and New Zealand at the Brian Lara Cricket Academy, Tarouba, Trinidad and Tobago, Wednesday, June 12, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

New Zealand reached 100/6 at the end of 17 overs in their run-chase. West Indies were 112/9 at the end of 18 overs. In an ideal world, New Zealand would have been needing somewhere like 25 to 30 off the last 3 overs, a very doable task. But instead, they needed 50 more runs off the last 18 balls.

The reason? Sherfane Rutherford.

In what will go down as one of the best knocks of the tournament, the left-hander displayed immense ability to hold down his end under pressure before going big later. His 39-ball 68 on a night almost everyone struggled to get going with the bat was the big difference as West Indies staged a remarkable fightback from 76/7 to post 149/9. The bowlers then stepped up, led by spinner Gudakesh Motie and pacer Alzarri Joseph to hand New Zealand a 13-run defeat, a result that all but eliminated Black Caps from Super 8 contention.

It started off as an emotionally charged night – a packed Brian Lara Cricket Academy in Trinidad & Tobago’s first match of the World Cup gave a rousing applause to a rendition of ‘Rally ’round the West Indies’ by the original singer David Rudder. And it percolated into West Indies’ batting as they made rash decisions, sliding to 22/4 within the powerplay.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by ICC (@icc)

That’s when Rutherford walked in. And decided to do what goes against the grain for T20 batters these days: bat for time. He shelved the big shots, and went about getting his eye in. At the 10-over mark, he was on 6 off 10. Then came a potentially decisive blow at the start of the 11th over. Kane Williamson had held Mitch Santner back till that point, because of two left-handers in the middle, and as if to vindicate that, he smashed the first ball of the left-arm spinner for a six. Even though Santner picked up the wicket of Akeal Hosein in that over, it sowed enough doubt in Williamson’s mind regarding the usage of his main spin option.

ADVERTISEMENT

The fallout of that will be felt later in the innings. New Zealand decided to go all pace from there on… and it nearly paid off. For 18 overs of that innings, the Kiwis were getting it right. After a dreadful first half on the field against Afghanistan, they were sharp on the field and with their bowling plans. They kept picking up wickets in regular intervals, with Trent Boult removing Andre Russell in the 13th over seen as a potential turning point.

But when Boult finished the18th over, Rutherford’s plan to bat deep paid off. NZ had to turn to Daryl Mitchell and Santner to bowl the 19th and 20th. Rutherford’s time had come. He smashed Mitchell for three sixes in the 19th over, and added 18 more runs off the 20th by Santner. A 86m six off Mitchell off the third delivery was a stunning short-arm jab over long off, all wrists and forearms, as if his body was storing that energy all this while waiting to be unleashed.

“My role was basically to take it to the 15th, 16th over. But then after we lose wickets, I just tell myself, I’m going to try and take it to the 20th over and try and maximise the last two overs which they had to make up with two bowlers,” Rutherford said.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by ICC (@icc)

Williamson had no doubts where they lost the match. “We saw a fantastic knock from Rutherford and he certainly timed it beautifully. He got his match up and I think at the end of the day that was the difference,” Williamson said after the match. “From 90 for seven, whatever the West Indies were, to get to 150 was a fantastic effort and incredibly smart and calculated batting from Rutherford. To put a contribution like that up on that surface was world-class and really got them a strong total on that wicket.”

The NZ captain said that it was a game of cat and mouse that didn’t go his side’s way. “We knew that we needed to get Rutherford out but the batting depth of the West Indies side really shone through. You know it’s going to be scrappy; you know that three balls here or three balls there can really put the score above par and that’s what they were able to do. So, for us to try and take that wicket and try and have the opportunity to sort of restrict them in that 120 region, I think was worth doing and didn’t quite pay off.”

ADVERTISEMENT

For Rutherford, the night was a vindication of the training he had put in when he was with the KKR during the IPL, although he didn’t get to play for the champions. “I would put it as my best knock. It’s a World Cup, this is my dream. I always wanted to play in the World Cup, I always want to perform in the World Cup and I think this one’s going to stay close to my heart,” Rutherford said.

It will be for the West Indies as well, who overcame an almighty challenge to keep their dream on track.

More Premium Stories

Gambhir cracks whip on Team India's chaotic dressing room

India’s billionth baby: Aastha, an Army nurse with a dream

How to raise a boy: The challenge of raising a

2024 was the year of women in cinema. Let’s do

IC-814 hijack survivor: ‘Only your family is worth the fight’

Clinton visit 2000 | ‘You cook Dal Bukhara? Got my

‘Women fought for Uttarakhand...we hope for a safer place’

UPSC Key: H-1B visas, Manipur Violence and UDISE Plus Report

Looking at 2025, Tech: Rising above the AI line

2024’s biggest takeaway: The country needs a system that cares

This new year, let’s live fully, messily and beautifully

Tavleen Singh on Manmohan Singh: The man who changed India

5 AI tools that helped me navigate work in 2024

Jerry Pinto sees life in the white and quiet world

Sharad Kelkar's show on realities of medical profession

Sharmila Tagore: 'Film awards once celebrated the industry'

Winter travel special: Under the Moringa Tree’s Shadow

© The Indian Express Pvt Ltd
Vinayakk Mohanarangan

Vinayakk Mohanarangan is Senior Assistant Editor and is based in New Delhi.
... Read More

TAGS:
T20 World Cup 2024
West Indies Vs New Zealand
WI Vs NZ
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
Happy New Year Wishes Live
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
CTET Answer Key
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
‘We’re All Being Honest’: Boney Kapoor Bristles At Suggestion That He’s ‘Concocting’ Stories, Says, ‘You Can Check The Figures’
Coldplay Concert: Bombay HC Reserves Order On PIL Seeking Action Against Black Marketing Of Tickets 
Pakistan Govt Reduces Pension Benefits Of Retired Civil, Armed Forces Personnel
Hope UT Status Is Temporary, Centre Should Restore Statehood Soon: Omar Abdullah
5 Great Smartphones You SHOULD NOT Buy Right Now
SC To Hear On February 17 Owaisi’s Plea Seeking Implementation Of Places Of Worship Act
Air India Pilot ‘Suicide’ Case: In Detailed Bail Order, Mumbai Court Says Woman Didn’t Complain About Strained Relationship
Amitabh Bachchan Had A Big Contribution In ‘Kajra Re’, Recalls Shankar Mahadevan: ‘The Idea Of Vocal Jugalbandi Came From Him’
Bank Holidays In India 2025: A Complete Month-Wise List Of Holidays Across India
What Makes Jalandhar, The Biggest Nursery And Coaching Centre Of Indian Hockey
Ranveer Singh’s Dhurandhar Look Leaks Online, Fans Draw Comparison With Ranbir Kapoor’s Animal: ‘Long Hair And Buffed-Up’
2 Women IAS Officers Promoted To Additional Chief Secretary In Gujarat
Private School Chairman Murdered In Solan, Nephew Arrested: Police
Bangladesh Court Rejects Bail Plea Of Hindu Monk Chinmoy Krishna Das
UGC NET Exam 2024 From January 3; Key Documents To Carry, Admit Card Guidelines
Keerthy Suresh Wishes Varun Dhawan Would’ve Told Her That Actors Wanted To Date Her, Reflects On Keeping Her Relationship A Secret
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/sherfane-rutherford-knock-wi-vs-nz-t20-world-cup-9391099/ 
 ----- 
