LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
NZ vs WI, T20 World Cup: West Indies rallies around Rutherford, Motie to secure Super 8s berth
Southpaw’s late assault lifts the side to a competitive total; the left-arm spinner along with Joseph’s four-for extinguish the Kiwi challenge to the delight of the faithful supporters

Updated - June 13, 2024 09:51 pm IST - Tarouba, Trinidad

AYAN ACHARYA
READ LATER
PRINT

Sherfane Rutherford of West Indies reacts after reaching his fifty during the ICC Men’s T20 Cricket World Cup match between West Indies and New Zealand at Brian Lara Cricket Academy on June 12, 2024 in Tarouba, Trinidad And Tobago. | Photo Credit: Getty Images

Calypso singer David Rudder performed “Rally ’Round the West Indies” live at the Brian Lara Stadium in Tarouba, its rousing lyrics and tropical melody providing an uplifting backdrop as Rovman Powell’s men sailed into the Super Eights of this year’s T20 World Cup with a come-from-behind 13-run win against New Zealand, whose Super Eight hopes now hang by a thread.

Adversity is known to test character, provoking reactions ranging from panic to composure. In its 150-run chase on Wednesday night, the New Zealand batting order appeared skittish as West Indies spinners, especially left-arm orthodox Gudakesh Motie, applied a brilliant choke-hold on a two-paced pitch. Motie’s 3 for 25, coupled with Alzarri Joseph’s four-for and Sherfane Rutherford’s unbeaten 39-ball 68, extinguished the Kiwi challenge.

 U.S. is starting to embrace cricket, says top American diplomat

Finn Allen and Glenn Phillips were the only New Zealand batsmen to show resistance. Powell’s smart bowling changes, particularly his use of spinners during the dew-affected middle overs, played a crucial role. This strategy exploited favourable match-ups and mitigated the impact of the wet ball.

Disastrous start

After New Zealand chose to bowl, home fans watched West Indies’ first-ever men’s World Cup match at the Brian Lara Stadium unfold on a tricky pitch. West Indies lost four for 10 to be 30 for five in the seventh over.

 U.S. scare for jittery India as Surya, Arshdeep clinch Super 8 berth for Rohit's men

Kane Williamson’s decision to delay introducing spin until the ninth over, using Jimmy Neesham’s slower balls and cutters, initially paid off. Andre Russell attempted to shift momentum with Rutherford but was deceived by a slower Trent Boult delivery.

New Zealand’s fielding, previously shaky against Afghanistan, was sharp until Rutherford’s late assault, which included three sixes off Daryl Mitchell in the 19th over, proved crucial. Williamson gambled by having Mitchell bowl the penultimate over, leaving left-armer Mitchell Santner for the final over against Rutherford. The left-hander capitalised, hitting with the wind and exploiting the shorter boundary to his leg side. His 37-run last-wicket stand with Motie propelled the Windies to 58 runs in the last five overs, turning the match on its head.

The scores:

West Indies 149/9 in 20 overs (Rutherford 68 n.o., Boult 3/16, Southee 2/21, Ferguson 2/27) bt New Zealand 136/9 in 20 overs (Allen 26, Phillips 40, Joseph 4/19, Motie 3/25); Toss: New Zealand; PoM: Rutherford.

Published - June 13, 2024 11:21 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

T20 World Cup 2024 / cricket

Most Popular
Bangladesh Army chief calls for national consensus, ‘political government’, tones down anti-India rhetoric
Karnataka Woman Minister on receiving end
South Korea says initial data extracted from Jeju Air crash black box voice recorder; all victims identified
Yemen death sentence for Kerala woman: India adopting a cautious route in conflict-hit Sanaa
Trump’s AI advisor Sriram Krishnan’s appointment reignites immigration debate
Debates in dressing room should stay there; honest words have been said: Gambhir
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Former PM Manmohan Singh funeral LIVE 
Manmohan death: Karnataka govt holiday 
Manmohan death: Congress cancels all programmes 
Manmohan death: Telangana offices closed 
The Hindu advent calendar 2024 
Hindu 2024 flashback 
News 
Live news 
BJP news 
Congress news 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
IND vs AUS 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/nz-vs-wi-t20-world-cup-rutherford-alzarri-joseph-power-west-indies-into-super-8/article68283977.ece 
 ----- 
