Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
International
Jake White Suggests Scott Robertson ‘goading’ Rassie Erasmus To Take ‘risky’ Option For All Blacks Tests
Jake White suggests Scott Robertson ‘goading’ Rassie Erasmus to take ‘risky’ option for All Blacks Tests
Colin Newboult
21 Aug 2024 12:47 PM
16

Scott Robertson and Rassie Erasmus, the All Blacks and Springboks head coaches respectively.

Rugby World Cup-winning coach Jake White believes that Scott Robertson attempted to land the first psychological blow on Rassie Erasmus at the weekend.

New Zealand’s head coach was asked about his upcoming duel with the Springboks boss, who is known for his mind games before matches, but he decided not to be too forthright.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>

Robertson joked that he “wouldn’t want to go down [that route] too far, just in case” before adding: “I enjoy his commentary. I bet everyone enjoys a press conference with him so looking forward to locking horns.”

However, the All Blacks head honcho was more candid about Erasmus’ team selection after South Africa made 10 changes for their second game with the Wallabies.

A risky call

It was seen as a risky strategy by many, with the Boks putting their Rugby Championship ambitions on the back burner, but that was not the view of Robertson.

“When I saw Scott ‘Razor’ Robertson quip in his post-presser that Rassie ‘wasn’t brave, he was smart’, I had a wry smile,” White wrote in his RugbyPass column.

“It was the first salvo between two men on the long, perilous quest towards World Cup glory. It was as if Razor was goading Rassie, encouraging him to adopt a style that will get bums off seats against the All Blacks.

“The risk for Rassie, is if they try and run the ball, which Tony Brown will surely be advocating, the All Blacks may have a chance, but if South Africa revert to their muscular dominance at the set-piece, New Zealand could be ground down.

Ad

“In many ways, it will be the first test of the Rassie and Tony Brown partnership. Does Rassie let Tony have rope to let them play in this new entertaining style, or does pragmatism win the day?

“It’s a fascinating sub-plot as to the power dynamic forming in a reshuffled coaching set-up.”

Springboks squad v All Blacks: Rassie Erasmus recalls five World Cup winners, axes two recent starters and recalls one-Test lock

The Springboks take on the All Blacks in Johannesburg and Cape Town, two games that will likely decide the destination of the Rugby Championship title.

Ad

South Africa are currently in a better position following successive bonus-point victories over the Wallabies, while New Zealand succumbed to a shock 38-30 defeat to Argentina.

One victory from those matches should be enough for Erasmus’ charges, especially with an inconsistent Los Pumas outfit to come, but they could effectively wrap up the competition by emerging triumphant in both All Blacks Tests.

Will the All Blacks beat the Springboks in South Africa?
Yes
No

Mojo back

“The Boks shouldn’t underestimate their famous adversaries, and I doubt they will,” White added.

“The players have taken time to adjust to the new regime, but I really thought New Zealand got their mojo back at Eden Park, especially in the opening quarter where they blew Argentina away physically.

“It looked like they were playing angry and wanted to be All Blacks again – they want their World No 1 status back and there is no doubt in my mind that this was the first time since Scott Robertson took over that the All Blacks had their swagger back. They will relish being underdogs.”

Content continues below

Ad

READ MORE: ‘At your peril’ – All Blacks great issues stark warning ahead of Springboks clash to players that ‘button off’

International
Jake White
Rassie Erasmus
Scott Robertson
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
David Skippers
02 Jan 2025
Springboks: Five players who could make their Test debuts in 2025 including two ‘abrasive overseas-based ball carriers’

Planet Rugby has selected five possible debutants for the Springboks in 2025.

Colin Newboult
01 Jan 2025
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic

France eclipsed the Springboks in one particular area in 2024.

Dylan Coetzee
30 Dec 2024
Who’s hot and who’s not: Rassie Erasmus’ nation-building continues and humiliating losses for three Premiership clubs

Check who's hot and not following the week's on and off-field action.

Dylan Coetzee
27 Dec 2024
Springboks boss Rassie Erasmus underlines nation-building qualities with Christmas Day fan walk

Rassie Erasmus held a Christmas walk in Cape Town.

Editor's Picks
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
37
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Premiership Team of the Week: David Campese lauds ‘Lion in the making’ and player Wales should look at
30 Dec 2024
Ilona Maher ‘effect’ hailed by England legend who answers ‘million dollar question’ on USA superstar
30 Dec 2024
Test Rugby
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
22 hours ago
26
‘One-armed’ England star was ‘pissed off’ last season but British and Irish Lions dream is now within reach
02 Jan 2025
Springboks: Five players who could make their Test debuts in 2025 including two ‘abrasive overseas-based ball carriers’
02 Jan 2025
4
Scarlets v Dragons: Five takeaways as hosts provide a ‘glimmer of hope’ while youngsters impress ahead of Six Nations announcement
01 Jan 2025
1
Wallabies progress under Joe Schmidt receives blunt verdict from Laurie Fisher
01 Jan 2025
1
Champions Cup
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
‘They kicked us out’ – SA Rugby chief concerned Champions Cup ‘criticism’ could lead to Super Rugby scenario
22 Dec 2024
36
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/jake-white-suggests-scott-robertson-goading-rassie-erasmus-to-take-risky-option-for-all-blacks-tests 
 ----- 
