SCORES
LATEST
News and Features
News
Transfers
Opinion
Analysis
Power Rankings
Player Ratings
Winners & Losers
GOAL USA SOCIAL
YouTube
Instagram
TikTok
X
Facebook
GOAL USA Video
The Rondo
Studs Up
Kit Collector
GOAL Global Social
YouTube
Instagram
TikTok
X
Facebook
Culture and Lifestyle
GOAL Champions
GOAL Editions
Culture
Kits
Boots
Buyers' Guides
Gaming
Quizzes
COMPETITIONS
Leagues & Cups
MLS
NWSL
Premier League
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Liga MX
UEFA Champions League
USL Championship
USL Super League
2025 FIFA Club World Cup
2026 FIFA World Cup
Clubs
Inter Miami
Real Madrid
Barcelona
Manchester City
Manchester United
Liverpool
Arsenal
Chelsea
AC Milan
Juventus
PSG
Wrexham
International
USMNT
Canada
Mexico
Argentina
Brazil
Colombia
Chile
England
Spain
France
Italy
Germany
Women's Football
Latest news
USWNT
NWSL
USL Super League
UWCL
WSL
PLAYERS
Lionel Messi
Christian Pulisic
Alex Morgan
Cristiano Ronaldo
Kylian Mbappe
Erling Haaland
Tim Weah
Weston McKennie
Sophia Smith
Trinity Rodman
Folarin Balogun
Giovanni Reyna
BETTING
INDIVISA
MUNDIAL
STREAMING
Schedule, Channels & more
TV Schedule
Where to Watch
Streaming services
Sling TV
Fubo TV
Apple TV+
Paramount+
DirecTV
ESPN+
Hulu+
Peacock TV
Best VPN Services
Best Streaming Services
Best Streaming Devices
Best Cable Providers
GOALSTUDIO
This page contains affiliate links. When you purchase through the links provided, we may earn a commission.
Getty
Tom Hindle
Jun 07, 2024 13:00+00:00
Endrick, Alejandro Garnacho, Folarin Balogun and breakout players to watch for every 2024 Copa America team
Analysis
F. Balogun
Copa America
A. Garnacho
Argentina
USA
Brazil
Colombia
FEATURES

From Folarin Balogun to Alejandro Garnacho, there are plenty of players set to take center stage in the U.S.

It happens at every major international tournament. Someone, somewhere, for some team, comes out of relative anonymity to make a statement on the big stage.

There have been plenty of examples in recent years. James Rodriguez earned himself a Real Madrid move with a magical 2014 World Cup. Alexis Mac Allister asserted himself as one of the world's best midfield generals in the 2022 tournament in Qatar. Michael Owen came alive for England at the 1998 World Cup.

The Copa America is no different. This has been the tournament in which talents such as Neymar and Alexis Sanchez have introduced themselves to the world. Not every nation has that calibre of player, of course. But there is enough talent in this tournament for every side to have at least one fresh face step into the spotlight when it matters most.

Article continues below

GOAL takes a look at who might just do that this year...

Getty Images
Argentina: Alejandro Garnacho

It remains to be seen just how significant of a role Garnacho will play. A pure winger for a side stacked with center forwards and attacking midfielders, he doesn't seem to have an obvious fit into Lionel Scaloni's team. Instead, he might be an ideal spark plug off the bench, the perfect late option to run at defenders just as legs start to tire. He has shown that he can be that for Manchester United. Can he do the same for the reigning champs?

Advertisement
Peru: Piero Quispe

This is an interesting Peru squad, filled with experienced veterans of the domestic league, some uncapped talents, as well as a handful of known-quantites from the Argentinian top flight and MLS. Leading the new wave of young talent is Pumas midfielder Piero Quispe. The playmaker made his national team debut in 2022, but scored in a friendly in March, and enjoyed a successful season in Liga MX. Nottingham Forest and Brighton are reportedly interested in the versatile playmaker - who will need to show up to give the struggling Blanquirroja any chance.

Getty
Chile: Ben Bereton Diaz

Chile are a side very much in between generations. The famous squad complete with Alexis Sanchez and Arturo Vidal has mostly moved on, leaving room for some fresh faces to show their quality. Bereton Diaz will be key for his side, though. A familiar name to fans of English football, the former England youth international and Villarreal talent is waiting for his moment to piece it all together on the international stage. With Chile's attack otherwise thin, this could be his chance.

Getty
Canada: Alistair Johnston

Jesse Marsch faces some interesting decisions with his first Canada squad, with questions to be answered all over the pitch. Celtic's Alistair Johnston, though, should be the definition of dependability at full back, and has shown for the SPL champs that he can mark anyone. A bigger move might be ahead, and this could be his summer to prove it.

Getty Images
Mexico: Santiago Gimenez

No Chucky Lozano and no Memo Ochoa - where do Mexico look now? El Tri appear to be in trouble ahead of the summer, and will field a very young squad as they look to make some unexpected noise in Group B. Santiago Gimenez isn't exactly a fresh face, but he is certainly looking for a move beyond the confines of the Eredivisie - where he has scored 38 goals in 62 appearances for Arne Slot's Feyenoord. A big tournament here could see him announce himself to the world.

Getty
Ecuador: Kendry Paez

Are Ecaudor dark horses at Copa America? They certainly might be if Kendry Paez shows up. The 17-year-old has already pledged his future to Chelsea, and Blues fans have raved about the attacking midfielder's dribbling ability and incisiveness in the final third. There has been talk that the Independiente del Valle product might be the best Ecuadorian talent ever. We may find out this summer.



Getty Images
Venezuela: Yangel Herrera

An immense part of Michel's impressive Girona side, Herrara went from journeyman to La Liga mainstay last season. A talented midfielder who can play as a No. 6 or No. 8, the 26-year-old has always had the talent to play at the highest level - he did so for his club, and will now be charged with doing the same for his country.

Jamaica: Di'Shon Bernard

The Reggae Boyz are a real mess at the moment, with their best player, Leon Bailey pulling out of the squad. There's still some talent to be found here, with Sheffield Wednesday's Di'Shon Bernard ready to make his mark. The Man United youth product impressed in the Championship as his side narrowly avoided relegation, and will look to hold it down for Jamaica this summer.

Getty Images
USA: Folarin Balogun

The Monaco striker has been a known quantity ever since he bagged 21 Ligue 1 goals for Reims in the 2022-23 season. He swiftly declared for the USMNT, but hasn't quite had his signature moment in a US shirt - yet. Gregg Berhalter's side have a problem through the middle once again, and will need their first choice No. 9 to have a breakout tournament. If he does, the hosts could make some noise.

Getty
Uruguay: Luciano Rodriguez

Marco Bielsa's side are a trendy pick to go all the way at Copa America. If they do so, it will be on the back on a number of big stars at established clubs such as Federico Valverde and Darwin Nunez. But they will need help from elsewhere, and Luciano Rodriguez could be among those to get them there. A striker at the youth level, he moved to a right-wing position when he signed for Liverpool Montevideo. He will face competition to get into this side, but has all the tools to thrive if given a chance.

Getty
Panama: Jose Cordoba

It will be a tough tournament for Panama, who will hope to be defensively sound enough to at least make things difficult for some of the competition's bigger hitters. Chief in that effort will be 23-year-old Jose Cordoba. The versatile defender has bounced around Europe, and already has the nous to be an impact player in a highly defensive setup.

Getty
Bolivia: Ramiro Vaca

Bolivia are admittedly short on attacking talent, but they certainly have a game-changer in Vaca. The 24-year-old played a crucial role for Bolivar last season as they made an unexpected Copa Libertadores run, and already has 27 national team appearances to his name.

Getty
Brazil: Endrick

Who else? Dorival Jr's first Selecao squad features a mixture of mainstays and Brazilian top-flight regulars. There aren't many fresh faces to be found. It is lucky, then, that the only real young player in the squad is perhaps the most talented of them all.

Endrick is not the new Pele, but he is an immense talent, and if he's handed the reins, then this could be where he properly announces himself.

Getty
Colombia: Jhon Duran

Luis Diaz may be the star, but the rest of this Colombia roster has something about it, too. One of the big names is Duran, who turned in a number of solid showings serving as a backup to Ollie Watkins at Aston Villa last year. MLS fans will know him from his solid stint at Chicago Fire, but his ceiling is undoubtedly higher. The Colombian has been linked with Chelsea in recent weeks - and will look to show here that he's good enough for that.

@catalleresdecba
Paraguay: Ramon Sosa

Paraguay have some real attacking talent in Brighton's Julio Enciso and Newcastle's Miguel Almiron. But while Enciso will do some damage through the middle, and Almiron functions off the right, Sosa can be electric on the left.

The winger has steadily worked his way through first Paraguayan and now Argentinian football. And after an impressive season for Tallares, the 24-year-old could be ready for another step.

Getty
Costa Rica: Manfred Ugalde

Where are the goals going to come from for Costa Rica? In the past, they had been able to rely on the brilliant of Keylor Navas to bail them out, but with the legendary keeper retired, they will need production from elsewhere. Spartak Moscow forward Ugalde could be the answer - the 22-year-old scored against Argentina in a friendly in March.

Contact Us
Advertise
Terms of Service
Privacy policy
Careers
Goal App (Android)
Goal App (iOS)
Goal Live
Betting
USA
International (English)
Arabic (العربية)
Argentina (Español)
Australia (English)
Bahrain (English)
Brasil (Português)
Cameroon (English)
Chile (Español)
Colombia (Español)
Dutch (Nederlands)
Egypt (العربية)
France (Français)
Germany (Deutsch)
Ghana (English)
Hungary (Magyar)
India (English)
Indonesia (Indonesia)
Italy (Italiano)
Japanese (日本語)
Kenya (English)
Korea (한국어)
Kuwait (English)
Malaysia (English)
Mexico (Español)
Nigeria (English)
Oman (English)
Qatar (English)
Saudi Arabia (العربية)
Saudi Arabia (English)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Spain (Español)
Tanzania (English)
Thailand (ไทย)
Turkiye (Türkçe)
Uganda (English)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
USA (English)
Vietnam (Tiếng Việt)
Copyright © 2024 Goal All rights reserved. The information contained in Goal may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of Goal

We've Got You Covered!

From today's best stories in soccer to handpicked exclusive features -- all direct to your inbox.

Your email
I accept Footballco’s Terms Of Use and its Privacy Policy.
Sign up to the GOAL newsletter!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.goal.com/en-us/lists/endrick-garnacho-balogun-and-breakout-players-watch-every-copa-america-team-summer/blt6bca8d8709723467 
 ----- 
