Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
International Friendlies 2022-23
Peru vs Paraguay Prediction and Betting Tips | June 7th 2024
Peru vs Paraguay Prediction and Betting Tips | June 7th 2024
By
Shubham Dupare
Modified Jun 07, 2024 18:27 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Peru and Paraguay go head-to-head in a friendly on Friday

Peru will invite Paraguay to the Estadio Monumental in an international friendly on Friday. The hosts will play El Salvador in a friendly next week before getting their 2024 Copa America campaign underway against Chile.

The visitors, meanwhile, will play two more friendlies as they play their Copa America campaign opener on June 24.

The hosts are unbeaten in their last three games in all competitions and have won their two games in 2024 thus far. In their previous outing, they defeated the Dominican Republic 4-1 at Estadio Monumental in March.

The visitors have just one win in their last six games in all competitions and will take to the pitch for the first time in 2024. In their previous outing, they suffered a 1-0 home loss to Colombia in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers in November.

Trending
Peru vs Paraguay Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
The two teams have a long-standing rivalry and have squared off 57 times in all competitions since 1929. The visitors have the upper hand in these meetings, leading 23-19 in wins while 15 games have ended in draws.
The hosts are unbeaten in their last 11 meetings against the visitors and were held to a goalless draw when they last met in the World Cup qualifiers in September.
Paraguay have failed to score in five of their last six games in all competitions.
Twenty-one of the 57 meetings between the two sides have been friendlies. The hosts are currently on a four-game winning run in friendlies against the visitors, keeping three clean sheets.
The visitors have suffered three consecutive defeats in their last three friendlies away from home, failing to score in two games in that period.
Peru vs Paraguay Prediction

La Bicolor have won their two games in 2024 thus far, scoring six goals while conceding just six goals, and will look to keep their winning streak intact. They are unbeaten in their last 11 meetings against the visitors, recording nine wins, and are strong favorites.

La Albirroja have seen a drop in form recently and have just one win in their last six games in all competitions. They have scored just one goal in these games and might struggle here. They have failed to score in six of their last seven away meetings against the hosts, which is a cause for concern.

Considering the current form of the two teams and the hosts' dominance in the head-to-head record recently, Peru should be able to register a comfortable win and the odds of a clean sheet also look good.

Prediction: Peru 2-0 Paraguay

Peru vs Paraguay Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Peru to win

Tip 2: Goals - Over/Under 2.5 Goals - Under 2.5 goals

Tip 3: At least one goal to be scored in the second half - Yes

Tip 4: Paolo Guerrero to score or assist any time - Yes

Quick Links

International Friendlies 2022-23 Peru Football Paraguay Football Paolo Guerrero Estadio Monumental "U" Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition:
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/peru-vs-paraguay-prediction-betting-tips-june-7th-2024 
 ----- 
