Skip to main content
Liberty Ballers homepage
a Philadelphia 76ers community
Follow Liberty Ballers online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Liberty Ballers main menu
SECTIONS 
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

SIXERS FEATURES
 
BEST OF SB NATION BASKETBALL
Jared McCain continues to ‘feel the dance’ during his early season surge

Jared McCain is looking less like a rookie and more like a critical rotation piece with each passing game.

By Paul Hudrick  Nov 11, 2024, 12:04pm EST  27 Comments / 27 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options
Paul Hudrick has been covering the Sixers as a writer, reporter, podcaster, on-camera personality and analyst since 2016. He is the Editor-in-Chief at Liberty Ballers.

Daryl Morey is an executive who typically swings on upside in the draft, even when fielding a contender.

He took Tyrese Maxey over a bunch of more experienced players in 2020. Same with Jaden Springer, the youngest player selected in 2021.

Suffice it to say one of those worked out better than the other.

When the Sixers were on the clock for the 2024 NBA Draft, Morey had options with the 16th pick. Tennessee’s Dalton Knecht, considered by many to be the most plug-and-play guy in the draft, had fallen down the board. Morey could’ve looked to move the pick like he did when he traded his first-rounder to the Memphis Grizzlies for De’Anthony Melton in 2022. (Morey even referenced an “interesting player” that was offered on draft night for No. 16.)

Instead, he took 20-year-old guard Jared McCain out of Duke. It’s only been nine games, but that’s already starting to look like a masterstroke.

McCain was the Sixers’ best player in a desperately needed 107-105 overtime win over the Charlotte Hornets on Sunday. He poured in a team-high 27 points and essentially carried the offense throughout the second half.

“He can create, he can get by people and he’s got an array of finishes,” head coach Nick Nurse said, “and he certainly plays with a lot of confidence and he just kept it going tonight.”

Crunch time offense running through a rookie with guys like Paul George and Kyle Lowry on the floor?

“Luckily Jared McCain is on Year 5 already,” George said. “He’s confident.”

That confidence and fearlessness have been paramount in McCain’s early success.

“To have Kyle Lowry and Paul George trust me in those moments,” he said, “what kid wouldn’t want to do that and be in those moments?”

McCain has now recorded three of the top eight scoring performances for NBA rookies this season. In a Rookie of the Year race that feels wide open, he’s fourth among rookies averaging 10.2 points per game. His 27 points Sunday were the second-highest total for a first-year player.

After understandably scuffling offensively a little in his first four games, McCain has been excellent over his last five games, averaging 14.4 points on 47.4/40/100 shooting splits. He’s showing that he’s a three-level scorer, not simply a sharpshooter.

“Just slowing down,” McCain said. “When I come off a screen, showing shot always because that’s my biggest threat. And then, if I’m able to pull out the big or get the defender on my side, I know I’ve got ‘em. I can either get to the mid-range or finish at the rim. And I work on these layups — the same foot, same hand layups — all the time. So just trust my work.”

If you didn’t know McCain said that, who on the Sixers do you think would’ve delivered that quote? Give you a hint: he also smiles a whole lot.

It wasn’t a perfect night for McCain. The Sixers had blown a 16-point lead and were clinging to a three-point advantage with 10 seconds left. Charlotte inbounded the ball to the corner to LaMelo Ball. McCain was late closing out and the former All-Star guard nailed a difficult turnaround three to send the game to overtime.

“It’s just the worst feeling when you know you kind of messed up,” McCain said. “You skipped a step and then he has an open step on you.”

Credit to the youngster. He didn’t sulk or pout. He made a big basket in overtime and came up with an even bigger stop on Ball.

Head coach Nick Nurse said postgame that while McCain still has plenty to learn on defense, he knows the rookie is willing and plays hard on that end.

Whether it’s making a big bucket or coming up with a key stop, it’s all gratifying for McCain as long as it leads to winning.

“For me, it’s just kind of being quiet,” he said. “Everything’s so loud around you, so just locking in on the ball and having a quiet mind. My psychologist calls it ‘Feel the dance.’ And I just kind of feel the flow, feel the dance. Just wanted to get a stop, really. That’s all I wanted.”

Like Tyrese Maxey, McCain is cordial and plays with joy. They also both want to rip their opponent’s heart out. Folks can talk about the TikTok videos and painted nails all they’d like, but McCain is a gritty player. He crashes the glass among the trees at 6-foot-3 and constantly dives on the floor for loose balls.

He was doing all those little things even when he wasn’t scoring early in the season. Now, just nine games into his NBA career, he’s being featured on offense.

“A lot of stuff so happens so fast,” McCain said. “You get sped up when you come off a screen. You want to go score, you want to make the right pass. But a lot of (times) it’s coming off the screen, making the right play, slowing down when I get in the paint. I love the mid-range; I work on it all the time. So getting to a bump fade, getting to a bump mid. So I’m just learning how I’m going to play in the NBA and hopefully, learning fast.”

The plug-and-play Knecht is not off to a blazing start but could very well turn out to be an excellent NBA player.

But through the early parts of the 2024-25 season, McCain isn’t simply showing his upside, he’s already helped the Sixers win a game — what they hope will be the first of many.

MORE FROM LIBERTY BALLERS
Podcast: 76ers Trade Deadline Preview
Joel Embiid, PG return to practice on Thursday, Embiid still out vs. Pelicans
Tyrese Maxey makes headway in latest All-Star fan voting returns
Non-Embiid games will continue to be ugly barring a trade
Yabu heroics, Oubre block, RC4 slam: 7 highlights from Sixers’ win over Wizards
Sixers Bell Ringer: Sixers pull out of horrific nosedive and squeak by Wizards
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Liberty Ballers Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Philadelphia 76ers news from Liberty Ballers
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.libertyballers.com/2024/11/11/24293519/jared-mccain-sixers-hornets-rookie-of-the-year-nba-daryl-morey-paul-george-nick-nurse-lamelo-ball 
 ----- 
