Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
NBA Fans Highly Impressed By 76ers Rookie After Win vs Hornets
Jared McCain had quite the outing against the Hornets on Sunday.
Justin Grasso | Nov 11, 2024
Nov 10, 2024; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Philadelphia 76ers guard Jared McCain (20) drives for a shot past Charlotte Hornets forward Brandon Miller (24) during the third quarter at Wells Fargo Center. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images / Bill Streicher-Imagn Images
In this story:
Philadelphia 76ers
Charlotte Hornets

Down two key players early on in the 2024-2025 NBA season, the Philadelphia 76ers have searched for sparks beyond their All-Star trio.

While plenty of pressure has been placed on guys like Tyrese Maxey and Paul George to go above and beyond, the Sixers have received stellar performances from some role players over time. The rookie Jared McCain was by far the team’s most notable standout against the Charlotte Hornets on Sunday.

Without Maxey and Joel Embiid, the Sixers rolled out Caleb Martin, Ande Drummond, Kelly Oubre, and Kyle Lowry to join George in the starting five. The team’s biggest scoring punches came from the bench, as Guerschon Yabusele and Jared McCain totaled for 47 points throughout the night.

The rookie guard had the best outing of his career against Charlotte, and the Sixers needed every bit of his performance.

Putting up 18 shots from the field, McCain made 55 percent of his attempts. He scored a team-high 27 points, which marked a career-high in his ninth game.

McCain’s contributions helped the Sixers force overtime and close out the Sunday matchup with their second victory of the year.

NBA Fans React to Jared McCain’s Performance vs. Hornets

@NBA_University: Jared McCain showing he belongs... Overcoming being undersized by being a confident shot maker, getting to the rack, diving after loose balls, fighting defensively, & CONSTANTLY MOVING. Obvious understanding of movement and space and his motor runs hot. Rotation player floor.

Jared McCain showing he belongs...

Overcoming being undersized by being a confident shot maker, getting to the rack, diving after loose balls, fighting defensively, & CONSTANTLY MOVING. Obvious understanding of movement and space and his motor runs hot. Rotation player floor. pic.twitter.com/39PceCeVYu

— NBA University (@NBA_University) November 11, 2024

@PHLSixersNation: The only man who can keep us sane this season

The only man who can keep us sane this season pic.twitter.com/Q2GdVKAm31

— Sixers Nation (@PHLSixersNation) November 11, 2024

@Liberty_Ballers: Jared McCain. Good at basketball.

Jared McCain. Good at basketball.

— Liberty Ballers (@Liberty_Ballers) November 11, 2024

@RBPhillyTake: Jared McCain is so good.

Jared McCain is so good.

— RB (@RBPhillyTake) November 11, 2024

@DraftDeeper: Jared McCain with 27 points in 31 minutes for the 76ers. Every team needs a microwave shooter off the bench, and McCain has proven he can provide that with some more juice in the tank. Promising rookie and a bright spot in Philadelphia when the team needs one.

Jared McCain with 27 points in 31 minutes for the 76ers. Every team needs a microwave shooter off the bench, and McCain has proven he can provide that with some more juice in the tank. Promising rookie and a bright spot in Philadelphia when the team needs one.

— Nathan Grubel (@DraftDeeper) November 11, 2024

The Sixers defeated the Hornets 107-105.

Averaging just 14 minutes per game this year, McCain has made the most out of his opportunity. The rookie has produced eight points per outing while shooting 43 percent from the field.

Soon, the Sixers will get some key reinforcements back in the mix. The Sixers anticipate a potential return for Joel Embiid on Tuesday. Perhaps the injured Tyrese Maxey will return at some point later this month. McCain’s minutes might take a hit when the team’s health improves, but he’s definitely stating a solid case for keeping a role no matter what.

For the time being, McCain will have to make the most of these opportunities while they are here.

Published Nov 11, 2024
JUSTIN GRASSO

Title: Credentialed writer/reporter covering the Philadelphia 76ers for Sports Illustrated’s FanNation Email: JustinGrasso32@Gmail.com Location: Philadelphia, PA Expertise: Reporting, insight, and analysis on the Sixers and the NBA  Justin Grasso is a credentialed writer and publisher covering the Philadelphia 76ers for Sports Illustrated’s FanNation.  Grasso got his start in sports media in 2016 with FantasyPros, working the news desk, providing game-by-game player analysis and updates on the Portland Trail Blazers and the Golden State Warriors. By 2017, he joined FanSided’s Philadelphia Eagles site as a staff writer. After spending one season covering the Eagles as a staff writer, Grasso was promoted to become the site’s Co-Editor. For the next two NFL seasons, he covered the Eagles closely before broadening his NFL coverage. For a brief stint, Grasso covered the NFL on a national basis after joining Heavy.com as an NFL news desk writer. In 2019, Grasso joined the 76ers' beat on a part-time basis, stepping into a role with South Jersey’s 97.3 ESPN. Ahead of the 2019-2020 NBA season, he concluded a three-year stint covering the Eagles and joined the Sixers beat full-time. Grasso has covered the 76ers exclusively since then for Sports Illustrated. He is a member of the Pro Basketball Writer’s Association.  Twitter: @JGrasso_ Instagram: @JGrassoNBA

Follow @JGrasso_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/76ers/news/nba-fans-highly-impressed-by-76ers-rookie-after-win-vs-hornets 
 ----- 
