Skip to content
Subscribe Now
29°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Coronavirus
Election
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Pennsylvania News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Philadelphia 76ers
Philadelphia Eagles
Philadelphia Flyers
Philadelphia Phillies
Union
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Public Notices
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gasbuddy
Special Sections
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSNBAPHILADELPHIA 76ERS
Jared McCain successfully trying to be ‘quiet’ in keeping Sixers afloat early
The 76ers’ Jared McCain celebrates during the second half of Sunday night’s game against the Charlotte Hornets. (Matt Slocum – The Associated Press)
By MATTHEW DEGEORGE | mdegeorge@delcotimes.com | The Delaware County Daily Times
PUBLISHED: November 11, 2024 at 9:24 PM EST

PHILADELPHIA — Not much has gone right nine games into the 76ers’ season. But the early ascent of Jared McCain into someone the team can confidently draw up crunch-time offense for is near the top of the slim list of positives.

McCain accounted for 27 points, just one turnover and a third of the Sixers’ 3-pointers in 31 minutes in Sunday’s 107-105 win. That only told a portion of McCain’s impact in helping the Sixers improve to 2-7 in what may become construed to be a massive win given the challenges that lie ahead this week. He was everywhere late and in an overtime session that featured he and fellow reserve Guerschon Yabusele instead of starter Andre Drummond and in which Paul George had hit his minutes restriction of 33 in regulation.

“For me, it’s just kind of being quiet,” McCain said, cradling a game ball presented to him by the injured Tyrese Maxey. “Everything’s so loud around you, so just locking it on the ball and having a quiet mind. My psychologist calls it, feel the dance. And I just kind of feel the flow, feel the dance. And just wanted to get a stop, really. It’s all I wanted.”

Playing without Maxey (hamstring) and Joel Embiid (suspension) and with George still limited in his third game, the 76ers needed a boost. McCain supplied it, then sustained it.

“We certainly needed every last one of them,” coach Nick Nurse said. “He can create. He can get by people. And he’s got some array of finishes and he certainly plays with a lot of confidence. He just kept going tonight. We really needed it. It was a great lift.”

The Sixers went up by 16 on Jeff Dowtin’s jumper with 9:44 left but still had to slug it out with the Hornets, who got 38 points from LaMelo Ball.

When Ball’s 3-pointer with 5:22 left got the Hornets within one at 84-83, McCain had the answer with a 19-footer. When Brandon Miller’s two free throws with 3:08 left nudged the Hornets ahead, McCain replied with a 20-foot pullup. Down two with 2:10 left, the Sixers designed a play for McCain, Kyle Lowry hitting him for a 3-pointer.

“He’s incredible,” Yabusele said. “He has no fear. He goes to the basket and always finds a way to get his bucket.”

McCain hit two free throws with 13.1 seconds left that should’ve ended the game, putting the Sixers up four. But a Cody Martin layup and a missed free throw by Kyle Lowry gave the Hornets a last chance, and Ball hit a 3-pointer over McCain to tie the game before George’s bid to win it fell short.

McCain would get a chance to redeem himself defensively. His layup with 1:26 left in overtime was the Sixers’ only field goal of an offensively challenged extra session. McCain would commit his only turnover of the game with 16.1 seconds left, originally called a foul on Ball but overturned on review.

Before that, though, McCain’s dogged determination to stick with Ball forced a Hornets’ shot-clock violation. Eventually, two Caleb Martin free throws with two seconds left sealed the win.

“Every time I can make a winning play, that’s all I’m trying to do,” McCain said. “So if it’s making a game-winning deflection, game-winning stop – obviously I got hit with the 3 to go to overtime so I feel like I owed it to my team and to myself to get a stop. But yeah, I’m always just trying to do whatever I can to help the team.”

McCain has met and filled a gaping need. The 16th pick in a draft severely limited in high-end talent last June, McCain has earned ample opportunities to play. He’s supplanted Eric Gordon, held befuddlingly scoreless in 17 minutes Sunday, in the rotation, and he’s kept veteran Reggie Jackson on the bench for five of nine games.

Injuries to their Big 3 have opened opportunities for players to step up. Few have, with McCain and Yabusele, who scored 20 points and grabbed eight rebounds, the exceptions.

McCain’s game still has flaws, as expected for a rookie. His defense is a work in progress, especially against a taller man like Ball. He’s shooting 34.5 percent from 3-point range, great by the 76ers’ league-worst standards (he’s third among regulars behind Lowry and Yabusele) but well down from his 41.4 clip at Duke last year.

But Nurse touts McCain’s confidence above all, to step into a difficult situation for his first pro minutes and step up in ways that teammates who have been in the league for a decade have proven unable to.

“We all know to be ready when our name is called,” McCain said. “I think that’s something that when we suit up for a game, we never know when Nurse is going to call out to the bench. And it’s great when he yells – I don’t know if you hear it but when he yells for the bench, he screams it – and it’s almost like your heart skips a beat.”

Around the Web
The Worst Cars Ever Made, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Dreams Finder
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Tardive
North Charleston: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Warning Signs That You Have TNBC (See for Yourself)
TNBC Treatment I Search Ads
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
8 Top Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
BioGrow
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
Worried About Inflation? Try This Gold Strategy
GoldCo
The Fungus Will Disappear in 3 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Xitox
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Don't Eat These 10 Dinner Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
YourBump
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment You May Not Believe Exist
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
Top 15 Most Unhealthy Breakfasts You Should Never Eat
HEALTH NATURAL
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
What Are The Causes of Myelodysplasia - You Will Be Shocked!
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Banks Offering North Charleston Homes at Massive Discounts. Don't Miss Out!
Real Estate Sales
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothin
Storage Units
Pregnant Waitress Brought to Tears by Cop's Note
gloriousa
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Mucus in Lungs? Do This if You Feel Breathlessness
WellnessGaze Lung Health
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Do You Know What Crohn's Disease in Females is Like Take a Look!
Crohn's Disease Treatment
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
This 7-second Ritual Reveal How to Restore Perfect Vision Without Anything
WellnessGaze Vision
This Joint Pain Method Leaves Doctors Speechless - Watch
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Do This Once Daily, Your Hair Will Grow Like Crazy (Watch)
WG Hair Restore
Neuropathy: Relieve 'Needle Pain' & Numbness - Try This at Home Today
WellnessGaze Neuro
Nеurоpathу Breakthrough: Experts Speechless
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Doctor: if You Have Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
Forget Botox, This is 4x Times Better (Try at Home)
WellnessGaze Skin
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
No criminal charges filed against West Chester Rustin principal following police investigation
No criminal charges filed against West Chester Rustin principal following police investigation
Barry R. Baker Jr., infamous for ‘sucker punching’ disabled man, dies in crash
Barry R. Baker Jr., infamous for 'sucker punching' disabled man, dies in crash
Looking to solve some flooding in Downingtown
Looking to solve some flooding in Downingtown
Sigle brothers help Whippets stave off Vikings
Sigle brothers help Whippets stave off Vikings
Kennett Square mayor asks governor to visit to address ‘emergency’ phorid fly issue
Kennett Square mayor asks governor to visit to address ‘emergency’ phorid fly issue
Williams scores 1,000th point as Coatesville rolls to win over West Chester Henderson
Williams scores 1,000th point as Coatesville rolls to win over West Chester Henderson
Student teacher charged with shooting video in OJR locker room in 2023
Student teacher charged with shooting video in OJR locker room in 2023
West Chester East boys, girls swim past Bishop Shanahan
West Chester East boys, girls swim past Bishop Shanahan
Snow forecast for weekend but storm track uncertain for southeastern Pennsylvania
Snow forecast for weekend but storm track uncertain for southeastern Pennsylvania
Daily Local News’ Area Wrestler Rankings, 1.7.25
Daily Local News' Area Wrestler Rankings, 1.7.25
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN PHILADELPHIA 76ERS
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Sixers’ Jared McCain ‘progressing well,’ done for the season
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Sixers’ Paul George pressing, still struggling to find his shooting touch
Bradley Beal comes off the bench to score 25 as Suns top 76ers
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Happy to be home, 76ers take positives from long road trip
2024
November
11
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Classifieds
Public Notices
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Network Advertising
Place Classified Ad
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Submit News
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Jobs
MEDIANEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
The Trentonian
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Logout

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailylocal.com/2024/11/11/jared-mccain-successfully-trying-to-be-quiet-in-keeping-sixers-afloat-early/ 
 ----- 
