News Partner
Philadelphia 76ers
Sixers’ Jared McCain discusses the importance of hard work following standout game
By Zach Ciavolella
Posted on November 11, 2024
Nov 10, 2024; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Philadelphia 76ers guard Jared McCain (20) drives for a shot past Charlotte Hornets forward Brandon Miller (24) during the third quarter at Wells Fargo Center. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images
 Sign up for our email newsletter to stay up-to-date on the latest local sports news throughout Philadelphia.

A surprisingly dramatic evening Sunday night resulted in a Sixers victory in overtime against the Charlotte Hornets. How did Philadelphia get there exactly? Without stars Tyrese Maxey and Joel Embiid, the team had to rely on their bench, and rookie Jared McCain delivered when asked.

Scoring a career-high 27 points, the second highest by a rookie this season, McCain’s offensive burst, particularly in the second half, lifted the team to a sorely needed second win.

After the game, McCain addressed the media, discussing his immediate emotions following his career-best performance. 

Sixers rookie Jared McCain discusses his career-best performance following the team’s victory over the Charlotte Hornets.
Photo credit: Zach Ciavolella

Never miss a play!
Get the latest local sports news delivered to your inbox.
SIGN UP

“It’s always a sense of gratitude, McCain said. “I’m just thankful again to just be able to play out there, be healthy. Come out of the game safe and healthy. To be able to perform how I did, I just attribute to my work. I work hard every single day, so not that I expect it, but it feels good for the work to be shown.”

McCain had suffered a pulmonary contusion leading in the Sixers’ penultimate preseason matchup while attempting to pull down an offensive rebound. Not only was it an uncommon injury to suffer during an NBA game, but the frustration of suffering through such an experience, terrifying for many, cannot be overstated.

Oct 16, 2024; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Philadelphia 76ers guard Jared McCain (20) is helped by training staff while on the floor after being injured on a play against the Brooklyn Nets during the fourth quarter at Wells Fargo Center. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images

McCain was quickly taken to the hospital shortly after the game and was discharged the following morning. After being cleared for a concussion, the Sixers’ rookie skipped the team’s final preseason matchup and made his NBA debut during the Sixers’ season opener against the Milwaukee Bucks.

It’s no surprise that remaining healthy through each and every game is not lost on McCain, considering the turbulent beginning of his career. It’s encouraging, however, that he elects to feel gratitude after the game instead of feeling fear during.

McCain has not gone away from his full-hustle approach, going at rebound attempts amongst the trees in the NBA or diving after loose balls. He has also only increased the frequency with which he attacks the rim. 

Nov 10, 2024; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Philadelphia 76ers guard Jared McCain (20) shoots around Charlotte Hornets forward Moussa Diabate (14) during the fourth quarter at Wells Fargo Center. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images

Even immediately following his debut, McCain was unbothered by his recent injury.

“Yeah, there’s, I mean, there’s such [a] thing as garbage time, but there’s no [such thing] at all for me,” said McCain the morning after his NBA debut. “I’m gonna take every opportunity I get and play as hard as I can… Anytime I step on the court, I’m gonna play as hard as I can. So I never treat it as garbage time, but I just learned to always play hard. I’ve always learned that, and I’ve always done that, so I’m gonna continue to do that.”

Once again, McCain discusses working hard. Perhaps the most common theme when speaking to McCain about his game is the work that he puts into it. Not only in the areas he easily thrives in but also in his biggest areas of improvement, such as his ability to stick to his man in on-ball situations. Sunday night also gave fans an opportunity to see McCain develop in this area.

McCain was gifted the game ball as a reward for his hard work. After the game, coach Rico Hines collected the ball and gave it to star Tyrese Maxey to give to McCain, the Sixers rookie told the media after the game. It was a special moment of recognition from both the team’s player development coach and their young star, who shares McCain’s work ethic.

Over the course of his young career, Sixers fans quickly became enamored with Maxey, in large part due to his work ethic and his mantra of getting “one percent better every day.”

While there are differences in their games, the shared similarities between Maxey and McCain as shooters, drivers, and all-around hard workers have already helped make the case for McCain to become a fan favorite in Philadelphia, and the future seems only brighter from here.

Zach Ciavolella

Editor and beat reporter for Metro Philadelphia and Philly Sports Network covering the Philadelphia 76ers. Follow him on Twitter @CiavoNBA and follow the rest of our team for more quality content. “The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life – mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical” – DR. J

Related Articles
Sixers fall to Lakers 106-116, go 0-3 on West Coast trip
Sixers’ Joel Embiid has physical altercation with columnist, NBA to investigate
Sixers drop to 1-4 after frustrating 124-107 loss to Grizzlies
Sixers’ Tyrese Maxey discusses building offensive chemistry
Jobs in Philadelphia
ADD YOUR JOB
Loach Janitorial Cleaning
Cleaning Manager
Bucks County Windows
Marketing Intern
The Franklin Institute
Operations Technician I
VIEW ALL JOBS…
Things to do in Philadelphia

 POST AN EVENT

Today, 4 pm
“LET IT GLOW!” A Holiday Lantern Spectacular

Bergen County Zoo
Today, 7 pm
The Murder Mystery Co’s Dinner Theater Show

cavanaugh’s headhouse
Tomorrow, 1 pm
The 42nd Annual Boar’s Head & Yule Log Festival

St. Peter’s Lutheran Church
Tomorrow, 8 pm
Renegade: The Ultimate Tribute to Styx at Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia

Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia
Jan. 12, 11 am
Hibernation Happenings

Tenafly Nature Center
Jan. 12, 1 pm
Disney’s Encanto Sing Along

Bergen Performing Arts Center

VIEW ALL EVENTS…

More from our Sister Sites
Tailgate Sports
MLB Over/Under Bet of the Day: June 13, Royals vs Giants
AMNY
DA Bragg prepares for Trump hush-money conviction to fizzle out a day before sentencing
The Brooklyn Game
Offseason checklist: What Brooklyn Nets have to do this summer
Metro Philadelphia
Iconic Center City Macy’s set to close in March
Contact Us
Work for Us
Networking Events
Jobs in Philadelphia
© 2025 Schneps Media
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://phillysportsnetwork.com/2024/11/11/sixers-jared-mccain-hard-work/ 
 ----- 
