International Football

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
How Harry Kane marked his 100th England cap with two great goals in a Nations League win against Finland
Harry Kane brought up a century of England caps and made it 68 international goals in the 2-0 victory at Wembley
Ed Mackey
September 10, 2024 at 9:58 PM UTC
Getty Images
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
The Briefing: England 2-0 Finland
A fit Harry Kane and an England press
The performance of Angel Gomes
A match lacking intensity
Alexander-Arnold's brilliant international break

Liam Tharme, Jack Pitt-Brooke and Tim Spiers were on hand to deliver their takeaways from England's 2-0 win — check them out below.

Subscribe to The Athletic on an exclusive offer here.

GO FURTHER

England 2 Finland 0: Kane marks a century of caps with two goals as Alexander-Arnold shines again – The Briefing

September 10, 2024 at 9:50 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
Today's other scores from around Europe

Getty Images

This match was one of nine being played around Europe in the Nations League. Here is how all of those games ended:

Group A3

Hungary 0-0 Bosnia & Herzegovina
Netherlands 2-2 Germany (Reijnders, Dumfries; Undav, Kimmich)

Group B1

Albania 0-1 Georgia (Kochorashvili)
Czech Republic 3-2 Ukraine (Sulc x2, Soucek; Vanat, Sudakov)

Group B2

England 2-0 Finland (Kane x2)
Republic of Ireland 0-2 Greece (Ioannidis, Tzolis)

Group C4

Latvia 1-0 Faroe Islands (Varslavans)
North Macedonia 2-0 Armenia (Bardhi, Miovski)

Group D2

Andorra 0-1 Malta (Camenzuli)
September 10, 2024 at 9:40 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
Alexander-Arnold emphatically took his chance (again)

Getty Images

I can't remember an international break that has been so productive for a single England player than this one for Trent Alexander-Arnold.

While the opposition has been kind, the 25-year-old was brilliant against Republic of Ireland and Finland and has surely secured that right-back spot for the foreseeable future.

He created another five chances for England this evening, one of which was scored by Kane — it is the fifth time he has created five or more chances in an international match since 2019, no other England player has done it more than once.

September 10, 2024 at 9:33 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
Another successful Wembley night for Kane

Getty Images

Those two goals were Kane's 26th and 27th at Wembley for England, extending his lead as his country's leading goalscorer under the famous arch.

It also means he has 68 goals and 17 assists in 100 international appearances — a truly staggering record.

September 10, 2024 at 9:26 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
What's coming up on the international front?

Getty Images

For those of you that aren't fans of international breaks, look away now!

There are two more of them before the end of the year and this current Nations League cycle will be decided across those next two breaks.

England's schedule looks like this:

England vs Greece – Thursday, October 10
Finland vs England – Sunday, October 13
Greece vs England – Thursday, November 14
England vs Republic of Ireland – Sunday, November 17
September 10, 2024 at 9:18 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
Greece still setting the pace in Group B2

UEFA

Two victories from two for England, but they are still not top of Group B2 in the Nations League.

They have stiff competition from Greece who have managed one more goal than Lee Carsley's side in their first two games.

The two frontrunners meet in exactly a month's time at Wembley where at least one 100 per cent record will be wiped out — that one should be a cracker.

September 10, 2024 at 9:09 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
Carsley: 'I've definitely been out of my comfort zone'

Getty Images

There was a refreshing honesty to Carsley's answer when he was asked about how he has felt during this international break.

"I definitely don't feel comfortable. I've definitely been out of my comfort zone in this international window," he told ITV. "It's been enjoyable but I've had to make sure that I'm producing really high standards every single day, as have the rest of the staff. Everyone seems to have responded to that.

"We try and do as good a job as we can and we've been fortunate to get two good results and it's about building on that now."

September 10, 2024 at 9:04 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
Carsley: 'I'm really happy for Harry'

Getty Images

Up first in Carsley's post-match interview was a question about the centurion.

"I thought he took his two goals really well. It was a big occasion for him with his kids being here and his wife, an emotional one I'd imagine," he told ITV. "I'm really happy for Harry, the way he's conducted himself this week and I'd imagine every time he's been with England, he fully deserves all the plaudits he's going to get.

"What I've noticed this week is that he's highly motivated to play for England and to score goals — hopefully that continues."

September 10, 2024 at 9:00 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
A perfectly marked 100th cap

Getty Images

Kane became the 10th man to make 100 senior appearances for England tonight and he became the third to mark the occasion with a goal, after Bobby Charlton (vs Republic of Ireland, 1970) and Wayne Rooney (vs Slovenia, 2014).

Both of those England legends only managed one goal in their 100th games, though, so that's another record for Kane and one that will not be beaten for a long time.

September 10, 2024 at 8:56 PM UTC
Michael Bailey
·
Live Reporter
Full-time England player ratings

Getty Images

You had them at half-time so it’s only right you have them updated come the final whistle. Here’s how I saw those 90 minutes from an England perspective, per player:

PICKFORD — 5: Largely redundant; robbed of the ball once.
ALEXANDER-ARNOLD — 7: Key role in both goals.
LEWIS — 7: Freedom, movement and secure on the ball.
STONES — 6: Caught on counter at times.
KONSA — 7: Read game well; cut short by injury.
RICE — 6: Disciplined and controlled.
GOMES — 5: Cautious debut performance.
SAKA — 5: Struggled to get involved.
GREALISH — 6: Grew into the game.
GORDON — 6: Faded out of the game.
KANE — 8: Clinical, typical double.

Plus from the bench:

COLWILL — 6: Deepest defender, rarely troubled.
MADUEKE — 7: Got involved and a neat assist.
EZE — 6: Promising but not much came off.
BOWEN — 6: Energetic and eager.
GUEHI — 6: Calm, assured as Finland opened up.
September 10, 2024 at 8:53 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
A great start for Carsley, says Kane

Getty Images

With the final question, Kane was asked about how Carsley has fared in his first international break as manager.

"He's come with a great energy," the England captain told ITV. "He talks a lot about freedom and going out there and playing with your best attributes, attacking and hurting teams. And then suffocating teams without the ball, we've done that well in the two games.

"Of course, (there's) room for improvement but it's been a great start for him and it's been great to work with him."

September 10, 2024 at 8:50 PM UTC
Michael Bailey
·
Live Reporter
Finland team says thanks

Michael Bailey

The Finland fans certainly enjoyed themselves. They away section of Wembley is as vibrant as it was at kick-off, and the squad have just headed over to say thank you.

September 10, 2024 at 8:48 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
Kane: 'It was a big night for me'

Getty Images

Kane spoke to ITV at full time.

"It was a big night for me," he said. "I'm really proud to reach 100 caps and there was a lot of talk about it, so it was great to be able to score goals and help the team.

"Whenever you're doubted throughout your career, it makes you more hungry and determined to prove people wrong and prove to yourself that you can still play to a high level. I'll always back myself to score goals, especially in a team like this. I'm excited for the future."

September 10, 2024 at 8:43 PM UTC
Michael Bailey
·
Live Reporter
A good night's work for England

Getty Images

I can imagine everyone being happy with that. An England clean sheet, two Harry Kane goals on his 100th appearance. A solid, competitive first half from Finland and what probably amounts to an acceptable defeat somewhere like Wembley.

And Lee Carsley will have his eyes open on where England can improve, in the knowledge it’s two wins from two.

In fact, the only downside may be that injury to Ezri Konsa. Aston Villa fans will be hoping it’s nothing sinister.

September 10, 2024 at 8:40 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
There goes the full-time whistle!

Getty Images

FT England 2-0 Finland

And England's second 2-0 victory of this international break is confirmed.

A night dominated by Harry Kane who marked his 100th appearance for his country with a pair of great goals. And a win on Lee Carsley's Wembley debut too.

It took a while for England to break Finland's resolve, but it was comfortable in the end and it is so far, so good for the Euro 2024 finalists in the Nations League.

September 10, 2024 at 8:37 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
Madueke goes close to a debut goal

90+3' England 2-0 Finland

As I say that, though, England flew forward again with quality far beyond what Finland could handle.

Grealish was at the heart of it and he fizzed a ball across the penalty area that needed a simple touch. Madueke busted a gut to reach it, but the ball just evaded him.

How he would love to mark his England debut with a goal.

September 10, 2024 at 8:35 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
Five minutes added on

90+1' England 2-0 Finland

As the stands at Wembley continue to clear, five minutes have been added on by the referee.

I'm not sure any of the players are particularly to play much more of this one, though — the writing has been on the wall for some time.

September 10, 2024 at 8:34 PM UTC
Jack Pitt-Brooke
·
Football Writer
England closing in on another comfortable win

89' England 2-0 Finland

Assuming no late drama you'd have to say this has gone pretty well to plan so far. I don't think England were as good as they were against Republic of Ireland but they've stuck to it, stayed patient, never rushed their attacking play and eventually the gaps, opposition tired legs and England's own superiority quality have shown.

They've just got to hold onto this clean sheet for added time now.

September 10, 2024 at 8:32 PM UTC
Michael Bailey
·
Live Reporter
Job very much done for England

Getty Images

88' England 2-0 Finland

We’ve still got five minutes to play out here, but plenty are racing away to get an early start on their journey home from Wembley.

I don’t really blame them. It looks like all my late trains home have been cancelled, so I might need to ask for a lift.

Anyway, it’s been quite stark how Finland have opted to go 2-0 down before starting to open up and attack. It’s making for huge spaces that England only have an occasional appetite to exploit from here.

Which again, is understandable. The key job is already done.

September 10, 2024 at 8:30 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
England pushing for a third

85' England 2-0 Finland

Those two goals and the raft of substitutions have not taken away England's appetite for goals at Wembley. They are still pressing Finland all over the pitch and are looking for openings in the attacking third.

The changes, however, have ruined the cohesion a little, particularly without a focal point in the frontline.

Load more updates
National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/live-blogs/england-finland-live-updates-nations-league-score-result/lWG9cwn3Bbsm/ 
 ----- 
