Fixtures & Results
MORE
Shop
Tickets
OneSoccer
 
Francais
FULL SCHEDULE
OCT 19 - SAT
8:00 PM UTC
1 - 0
FT
OCT 23 - WED
11:30 PM UTC
2 - 0
FT
OCT 27 - SUN
5:00 PM UTC
2(5) - 2(4)
FT
OCT 27 - SUN
8:15 PM UTC
0 - 1
FT
NOV 02 - SAT
8:00 PM UTC
1 - 0
FT
NOV 09 - SAT
8:00 PM UTC
2 - 1
FT
FULL SCHEDULE
Alistair Johnston challenges Argentina's Alexis Mac Allister. (Photo: Canada Soccer)
CanMNT fall to Argentina in Copa América opener, rue missed chances despite brave performance
2024-06-20
by
CHARLIE O’CONNOR-CLARKE, DIGITAL CONTENT EDITOR (@CHARLIEJCLARKE)
CANADA SOCCER  NEWS
Final Score: Argentina 2-0 Canada
Goalscorers: Álvarez 49′, La. Martínez 88′
Copa América — Group A

The Canadian men’s national team’s first ever appearance in Copa América ended in courageous defeat on Thursday night, as they took on the world’s top-ranked side, and defending World Cup champions, Argentina and went blow-for-blow before finally conceding for a 2-0 defeat.

Neither manager offered up many surprises with their starting XI, as Canada played the same side that drew 0-0 with France in a friendly, while Argentina played arguably their strongest possible side, with Lionel Messi and Ángel Di María flanking Julián Alvárez up front, with a midfield trio of Rodrigo De Paul, Leandro Paredes and Alexis Mac Allister.

The Canadians opened with plenty of energy and a clear intent to go toe-to-toe with the Argentines, earning some time in the attacking half and, in the eighth minute, a first corner kick. The set-piece produced a decent chance for Stephen Eustáquio to shoot, but it was blocked and Argentina broke on the counter. Maxime Crépeau came up huge for Canada though, making an outstanding save on Di Maria’s one-on-one opportunity.

Generally, the first half was a matter of fine details. Argentina had a handful of chances and were constantly threatening, but a combination of Crépeau’s timely saves and some outstanding penalty area defending from Canada’s entire back four made a difference. At the other end, Canada’s own chances likewise went unfinished by margins of inches; Argentina were able to get bodies in front of nearly every shot, while a couple other opportunities — like Tajon Buchanan’s after an exceptional run in from Alphonso Davies — were missed by a slight lack of composure in the key moment.

Canada came so close to a shock lead just moments before halftime, with a cross in to Eustáquio who got his head on it, but saw his attempt parried by Emi Martínez, just before Davies attempted to finish from the volley but put it over the bar. Again, it was a demonstration of the bravery and aggression that Canada played with as they continued to find genuine opportunities to threaten the world’s top side.

The Canadians thus got to halftime with the score still 0-0, having matched up astonishingly well. They were absolutely up for the assignment of winning 50-50 battles and getting the ball up the pitch to safety; Canada won 56 per cent of the duels in the first half, winning 73 per cent of their attempted tackles (of which there were 11), with 13 clearances, ending the first 45 minutes level at seven shots apiece.

Unfortunately though, the dam could not hold forever. It took Argentina less than five minutes to open the scoring in the second half, as Messi fed a good ball through to Mac Allister, who took the brunt of a challenge from Crépeau to leave it for Álvarez, who finished for his eighth goal for his country.

Still, though, Canada continued their work. Their press got increasingly aggressive after the hour mark as they put more pressure on the keeper Martínez, even winning a couple of corners from forced Argentine errors. At the other end, Crépeau did his own job well to keep his side in the game, making another outrageous stop around the 65th minute as Messi brought down a long ball on the counter-attack. The legend seemed destined to score, but Crépeau got himself low to make another great one-on-one save.

The attacking momentum was, for vast stretches, with Canada. A Jacob Shaffelburg cross nearly found Cyle Larin; Jonathan David nodded one on goal that again could’ve beaten the keeper; Davies cut in for a good look, but his weaker right foot delivered a poor shot.

In fact, Argentina had no choice but to adjust tactically with about 20 minutes left to hold onto their lead. Their coach Lionel Scaloni opted to take Di María out and replace him with midfielder Giovani Lo Celso, likewise bringing Nicolas Otamendi on for Leandro Paredes, which set the Argentines into a back five as they sought more chances on the counter rather than their usual build-up.

(Photo: Canada Soccer)

Crépeau, though — in combination with his backline — continued to deliver one of the most immense performances in recent memory by a Canadian goalkeeper. Time after time, he either got a limb on a shot, or came out of his net so quickly and aggressively that he forced a miss or a mistake by the attacker.

However, once again the storm proved just too much to weather. Moments before the 90th minute, Messi played a lovely through ball that slipped behind Canada’s defence, just in the path of recent substitute Lautaro Martínez, who made no mistake this time. He made it 2-0, securing an Argentine victory that perhaps wasn’t actually as comfortable as they were expected entering the tournament.

Despite the defeat, Canada can take an abundance of confidence from their performance, having caused genuine frustration for the reigning world champions.

At the end of the day, this was a game Canada were always expected to lose. That part of the matter went to script.

What didn’t, though — for Argentina, at least — was the manner in which it happened. This looked far less like a breezy group stage match than it did a quarter-final, with all the intensity and physicality of an encounter between two sides who could both lay claim to winning it.

Of course, Argentina had an evident talent advantage; Canada will have expected as much. What they lacked in world-class experience and skill though, they more than made up for in effort, tempo and intensity. The greatest positive for Canada from this match was how quickly they seem to be absorbing Jesse Marsch’s instructions. They approached the game with a clear plan, which — most impressively — they were able to adjust during the game, turning up the high press in the second half as Argentina began to tire.

Davies said in his postmatch interview on the broadcast that he was disappointed with the result; he and his teammates come out of this match certainly frustrated that they were unable to finish any of their top-class chances.

Gone are the days of being happy with a good performance, particularly having seen what happened after they did likewise against Belgium at the World Cup. The next step for Canada will obviously be turning these strong performances and moral victories into actual results. They desperately need at least a point against Peru next week to stand a chance of advancing from Group A.

What’s evident from Thursday night, however, is that it’s not implausible — in fact, it’s a genuinely achievable goal — for Canada to get out of this group.

This team continues to look for its first victory on a major international stage. They’ll be desperate to get there on Tuesday.

Box Score
Lineups

Argentina: E. Martínez; Molina (Montiel 90′), Romero, Li. Martínez, Acuña (Tagliafico 90′); De Paul, Paredes (Otamendi 76′), Mac Allister; Di María (Lo Celso 67′), Messi, Álvarez (La. Martínez 76′)

Canada: Crépeau; Johnston, Bombito, Cornelius, Davies; Buchanan (Shaffelburg 59′), Koné (Osorio 85′), Eustáquio, Millar (Russell-Rowe 85′); David, Larin (Laryea 80′)

Goals

49′ — Julián Álvarez (Argentina)
88′ — Lautaro Martínez (Argentina)

Discipline

61′ — Yellow: Rodrigo De Paul (Argentina)
81′ — Yellow: Ismaël Koné (Canada)
90+1′ — Yellow: Giovani Lo Celso (Argentina)
90+4′ — Yellow: Derek Cornelius (Canada)

CanPL.ca Player of the Match

Maxime Crépeau, Canada

There’s an obviously strong argument to give this nod to Messi, but given the circumstances, Canada’s goalkeeper deserves a heap of praise. Crépeau built on his excellent performance against France with an absolutely immense one, standing tall in the face of one-on-one chances at the feet of some of the greatest players to ever play the game. He made five saves, but also made a number of perfectly-timed challenges to cause missed shots as he was a true thorn in the side of the Albiceleste and made a good impression of himself keeping Canada in the game.

What’s Next?

Canada move on now to their second match of the group stage, as they take on Peru this Tuesday, June 25 (6 p.m. ET/3 p.m. PT) at Kansas City’s Children’s Mercy Park. Argentina’s Group A journey continues against Chile, later that same evening (9 p.m. ET/6 p.m. PT).

CANPL
HOME
MEDIA RELEASES
ABOUT US
OUR PARTNERS
CAREERS
CONTACT
CLUBS
PACIFIC FC
VANCOUVER FC
CAVALRY FC
VALOUR FC
FORGE FC
YORK UNITED FC
ATLÉTICO OTTAWA
HFX WANDERERS FC
STATS
SCHEDULE
STANDINGS
PLAYER STATS
ROSTERS
DISCIPLINE & SUSPENSIONS
CANADIAN CHAMPIONSHIP
CPL CENTRE CIRCLE
CC MEMBERSHIP
CANPL.CA NEWSROOM PODCAST
CENTRE CIRCLE SUPPORT
CENTRE CIRCLE FAQ
CENTRE CIRCLE DATA
SHOP
CLUB TICKETS
CPL SHOP
ONESOCCER
SOCIAL
CPL ON FACEBOOK
CPL ON X
CPL ON INSTAGRAM
CPL ON LINKEDIN
CPL ON SNAPCHAT
CPL ON YOUTUBE
CPL ON TIKTOK
© 2024
CANADIAN PREMIER LEAGUE
READ OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
Analytics Growth Hacking
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://canpl.ca/article/canmnt-fall-to-argentina-in-copa-america-opener-rue-missed-chances-despite-brave-performance 
 ----- 
