Report ad
Deseret NewsDeseret MagazineChurch News
Print Subscriptions
Latest
Politics
Utah 
Sports 
Opinion
Magazine
More 
GO
Report ad
UTAH JAZZ
A conversation with a surgeon about Taylor Hendricks’ injury — and timeline for recovery
While not a common basketball injury, the way the Jazz forward was injured is not uncommon
Published: Nov 18, 2024, 11:45 a.m. MST
VIEW COMMENTS
SHARE
Utah Jazz forward Taylor Hendricks (0) and Memphis Grizzlies guard Ja Morant (12) tangle up as they grapple for the ball as the Utah Jazz open the 2024-25 season against the Memphis Grizzlies at the Delta Center in Salt Lake City on Wednesday, Oct. 23, 2024. Memphis won 126-124. Scott G Winterton, Deseret News
By Sarah Todd
Sarah Todd covers the NBA and Utah Jazz for the Deseret News.

This article was first published as the Jazz Insiders newsletter. Sign up to receive the newsletter in your inbox each Friday.

A fibula fracture and dislocated ankle is not a common basketball injury but the way that the injury happened to Utah Jazz second-year forward Taylor Hendricks is not something that is completely out of the ordinary.

Frankly, the way that it happened is something that we’ve all probably experienced. You’re walking along and for whatever reason you don’t pick up one of your feet quite enough and your toe skids across the ground. So much of the time when something like that happens, you catch yourself and trip up a little bit. Sometimes it’s a little more dramatic and you might trip and fall. That could sometimes lead to an ankle sprain.

But, if someone is running, and they’re dealing with a much larger frame than the average person and rather than catching themselves, all of their weight comes down onto their foot and ankle, well, that’s when you end up with a much, much worse injury.

In speaking with Kenneth Jung, MD, an orthopedic foot and ankle surgeon at Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles and foot and ankle consultant to the Los Angeles Lakers, he told me to imagine that the foot operates as a dial relative to the lower leg, while all being tightly connected. When Hendricks landed, quite a few things happened all at once. His foot was turned along that dial, tightening everything and pulling, and with the addition of his body weight coming down on his leg, that led to not only a broken bone but also ligament damage.

“As you twist that dial relative to your lower leg, you’re either gonna break a bone or tear a ligament,” Jung said. “And the more you do, the chances of it being unstable or dislocating increases. So obviously, he’s a big guy. It’s the amount of the amount of force that he lands with.”

RELATED
Jazz devastated by Taylor Hendricks’ injury
Will Hardy reminds Jazz players minutes are earned, not given in loss to Clippers

A lot of people have been wondering if there was ligament damage that would need to be addressed with this injury and Jung said that because of the description of the injury from the Jazz, ligament damage is implied and also noted that even if there were tears in ligaments that required suturing that it would all be done during the same surgical procedure.

“To get a dislocation, that means things were torn, ligament wise,” he said. “The goal of surgery is to restore the stability and the alignment of all the bones in the joint in order for the ligaments to heal properly. Sometimes you’ll actually put sutures into the ligaments to pair them together, or you put sutures into the bone to restore that alignment, but all those would be addressed at the same time.”

As far as recovery goes, since Hendricks is a young and healthy professional athlete who will be able to maintain good nutrition and everything else that will go into a high level of care as he recovers, that means that there shouldn’t be anything holding him back from making a full recovery. But it will be a long road.

“I usually tell people it’s a minimum of three months before you’re probably doing light workouts and stuff like that,” Jung said. “Then everything else, it’s kind of sport specific.”

Moving from light workouts to heavy workouts can take months as well, as each person is different. Jung had mentioned that if the Jazz were a team that was going to be trying to get Hendricks back for the playoffs, that it would mean a more intensive and focused rehab. I assured Jung that in this case, the team would not be rushing recovery in hopes of having Hendricks back for a postseason run and he said that boded well for recovery.

View Comments

“For a return to play it depends on, like you said, playoffs and things like that,” Jung said. “But if playoffs really aren’t in the picture, then there’s no need to rush him back, you can just let him recover. I’d expect he’d be ready to roll next season.”

The Jazz announced on Nov. 6 that Hendricks underwent successful surgery at the University of Utah Orthopedic Center in Salt Lake City to repair the fractured right fibula and ankle dislocation.

He is expected to miss the rest of the 2024-25 season.

Utah Jazz forward Taylor Hendricks (0) is wheeled off by paramedics after sustaining an injury in the second half during an NBA basketball game against the Dallas Mavericks, Monday, Oct. 28, 2024, in Dallas. | Albert Pena, Associated Press
New with the Jazz
RELATED
The Utah Jazz’s veteran players are taking their mentoring responsibilities very seriously
Quote of the week

“I told y’all he was skilled. I told y’all he was good and could play,” — Jordan Clarkson on rookie Kyle Filipowski.

From the archives
RELATED
Cody Williams, Kyle Filipowski not taking their opportunity with the Jazz for granted
The Jazz are bad. Who are college basketball draft prospects to watch, starting this week?
Extra points
Jazz catch Mavs sleeping on final play for first home win of the season (Deseret News)
How long are we going to pretend the NBA Cup is important? (Deseret News)
John Collins having sneaky good season (Deseret News)
Around the league
Victory Wembanyama scores 50 against Washington Wizards.
Cavaliers continue making history, move to 13-0 on the season.
Ex-Suns employee sues team, alleges discrimination and retaliation.
Up next
Nov. 16 | 8 p.m. | Utah Jazz @ Sacramento Kings | KJZZ
Nov. 17 | 7 p.m. | Utah Jazz @ Los Angeles Clippers | KJZZ
Nov. 19 | 8:30 p.m. | Utah Jazz @ Los Angeles Lakers | KJZZ
Nov. 21 | 6 p.m. | Utah Jazz @ San Antonio Spurs | KJZZ

Jazz Insiders

Get the inside scoop on your favorite team in this email for true Jazz fans.

SUBSCRIBE
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
Browse All Newsletters
You Might Also Like
Looking for comments?
Find comments in their new home! Click the buttons at the top or within the article to view them — or use the button below for quick access.
VIEW COMMENTS
Most Popular
Katie Ann Powell, a Utah native, wins award at Miss America pageant
The world's largest humanitarian crisis is now a genocide
Justin Trudeau resigned as Canadian prime minister. Here's how Trump responded
Photo gallery: Infernos in Southern California
Gov. Cox to join Trump at Mar-a-Lago dinner with other governors
Fewer Christians, more ‘nones’: Congress’ new religious breakdown
This former BYU assistant and longtime OC for Bronco Mendenhall has been fired
Football, faculty and faith: Here's why I’m excited about BYU’s future
5 takeaways from Trump press conference — including hostages held by Hamas, control of Panama Canal, NATO
Most Commented
337
Why is Trump talking about Greenland? Trump Jr. visits the island
263
A new Bible hit the market Monday. It celebrates Trump’s inauguration
199
What Trump promises to do on Day 1
146
National battles come to Utah: 3 key issues up for debate in the coming legislative session
103
Perspective: Child abuse is child abuse, no matter where it occurs
COMPANY
About Us
Editorial Staff
Careers
REACH OUT
Contact Us
Technical Support
Advertise
Send Us a Tip
Do Not Sell My Info
GET MORE
Newsletters
Print Subscription
iOS App
Android App
Deseret News Marathon
CONNECT
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Copyright © 2025 Deseret News Publishing Company. All Rights Reserved
Terms of UsePrivacy NoticeCA Notice of CollectionCookie PolicyCookie Settings
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Cookie Settings Accept Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.deseret.com/sports/2024/11/18/doctor-explains-utah-jazz-taylor-hendricks-injury-recovery/ 
 ----- 
