Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
PORTLAND TRAIL BLAZERS
Trail Blazers show positive signs during 2-3 trip
Published: Jan. 10, 2025, 3:03 p.m.

Portland Trail Blazers head coach Chauncey Billups is seen on the sideline in an NBA basketball game against the Dallas Mavericks Thursday, Jan. 9, 2025, in Dallas. (AP Photo/Richard W. Rodriguez) APAP

By Aaron Fentress | The Oregonian/OregonLive

The Portland Trail Blazers returned from going 2-3 on a five-game trip reasonably disappointed that they didn’t go 4-1.

The Blazers lost Thursday night at the Dallas Mavericks after allowing an 11-point fourth-quarter lead to slip away. On Monday, Portland surrendered a 22-point lead during a loss at Detroit.

0:02
/
0:58
Keep Watching
Russell Wilson Wants To Return to the Steelers

“We had a couple games that we could have won and didn’t,” Blazers coach Chauncey Billups told reporters after the loss to the Mavericks.

Disappointing, to be sure. However, given that the Blazers, who began the trip 3-13 on the road, were in a position to win all five games was a sign of progress.

“I thought we played well,” Billups said. “I thought we had a good trip.”

Several things went well for the Blazers (13-24), all things considered:

DEFENSIVE IMPROVEMENT

Billups said before the trip that he wanted to see defensive improvement after posting a 124.4 defensive rating in December.

The Blazers' defensive rating dropped to 113.6 during the trip. Mission accomplished. Sort of.

Portland Trail Blazers center Robert Williams III (35) blocks a shot by New Orleans Pelicans guard Brandon Boston (11) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Wednesday, Jan. 8, 2025. (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert) APAP

The Blazers benefited from playing the New Orleans Pelicans without Brandon Ingram and Zion Williamson. Plus, Dallas played without Luka Doncic and Kyrie Irving.

ANFERNEE SIMONS

Simons' poor start to the season was puzzling on many levels. That has changed in recent weeks, especially during the trip.

Portland Trail Blazers guard Anfernee Simons, left, shoots as Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James defends during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill) APAP

Simons averaged 25.2 points with 6.2 assists while shooting 51.6% from the field and 48% from three-point range. His improved play began in the two games before the trip, when he scored 47 points over a two-game stretch against Dallas and Philadelphia.

Seeing him thrive on the road should have restored hope that he is all the way back to being a difference-maker.

Speculation has existed that the Blazers would eventually trade Simons and turn the point guard duties over to Scoot Henderson. But the gulf between them is too vast to make such a move viable.

DENI AVDIJA’S EXPANDED ROLE

A face injury to Jerami Grant on Dec. 28 thrust Avdija into the starting lineup.

Milwaukee Bucks' Khris Middleton watches Portland Trail Blazers' Deni Avdija dunk during the second half of an NBA basketball game Saturday, Jan. 4, 2025, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash) APAP

He turned his season around after a poor start long ago, but he had not started seven consecutive games since the first few weeks of the season.

During the trip, Avdija repeatedly came up big in important moments while doing a little bit of everything. He averaged 17.4 points with 8.4 rebounds and 3.4 assists while shooting 51.5% from the field. His 35.7% three-point shooting was solid, but his 2.8 turnovers included a seven-turnover night at Milwaukee. However, he also had 19 points and 14 rebounds during the win over the Bucks.

Avdija will likely return to the bench once Grant is cleared to play. But Avdija continues to prove that he is a versatile and valuable asset.

SHAEDON SHARPE SHINES

Almost every night, Sharpe does something eye-poppingly athletic. But he often makes youthful mistakes and struggles to shoot from long distance.

Portland Trail Blazers guard Shaedon Sharpe (17) goes to the basket against New Orleans Pelicans forward Herbert Jones (2) in the first half of an NBA basketball game in New Orleans, Wednesday, Jan. 8, 2025. (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert) APAP

Not so much on this trip.

Sharpe averaged 19.6 points and 5.2 rebounds with 3.4 assists. He shot 46.3% from the field and 40.6% from three-point range.

“Shae is playing great offensively,” Billups said during the trip. “He’s taking the right type of shots. I want him to be on the attack at all times.”

Sharpe plays a fearless brand of basketball propelled by exquisite athleticism and explosion. He could blossom into a star once he harnesses a high level of consistency, especially shooting from long range.

He began playing better in all areas prior to the trip. Seeing him continue that trend on the road was a positive sign.

THREE-POINT SHOOTING

The Blazers' 34% shooting percentage from beyond the arc ranks 26th in the NBA.

During the trip, they shot 39.6%, which was third in the NBA during that stretch.

The Blazers will never win consistently until they become a regular threat from the outside. It’s a small sample size, but shooting that well on the road for five nights is a positive sign.

Also, Portland’s true-shooting percentage jumped from 55.2% during the season (25th) to 59.4% (seventh) during the trip.

Deni Avdija #8 of the Portland Trail Blazers gets ready to shoot during the first half of the game against the Milwaukee Bucks at Fiserv Forum on January 04, 2025 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. (Photo by John Fisher/Getty Images)Getty Images

NOW FOR SOME NEGATIVES

Two problem areas continued to be so — defensive rebounding and turnovers.

The Blazers' 66.2% defensive rebounding percentage during the trip ranked 28th. They rank 29th for the season at 67%.

During the trip, the Blazers allowed 16.8 second-chance points per game (28th).

The Pistons scored 21 in a 118-115 win. Dallas had 23 in its 117-111 victory.

The Blazers rank 28th in turnover percentage (16.5%) for the season. They posted the same rate (27th) during the trip.

Improvement in these areas might have led to a 5-0 trip. But, Billups said, learning to become more efficient in close games is part of being a young team.

“Learning how to play down the stretch of games,” he said. “What’s important. How to take care of the ball. How to get the right shots. Getting the ball in the right guy’s hands. We can preach it until they’re blue in the face, but until you’re actually in the hit, in the moment, is when you actually learn it.”

LATEST BLAZERS NEWS
Trail Blazers fade in 4th quarter during loss to Heat
Injured Trail Blazers guard improving, to be re-evaluated in 2 weeks
Portland Trail Blazers vs Miami Heat: Game preview, prediction, time, TV channel
Trail Blazers’ Donovan Clingan gets first double-double since November
Trail Blazers’ Chauncey Billups annoyed by ‘cheap shot’ late in Dallas loss

-- Aaron Fentress | afentress@Oregonian.com | @AaronJFentress (Twitter), @AaronJFentress (Instagram), @AaronFentress (Facebook)

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Our Journalists
About OregonLive.com
Contact The Newsroom
Technical Support
Search Our Archives
Advertise With Us
Subscribe to The Oregonian
Subscriber Services
Digital Subscription FAQ
Delivery Opportunities
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
The Oregonian
eNewspaper
Email Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
Read More Top News
Today's Top News
Politics
Crime
Business
Commuting
Weather
Education
Homes & Gardens
Letters to the Editor
Video
Environment
Tom Hallman
Special Sections
Here is Oregon
Sports
High School Sports
Ducks
Beavers
Trail Blazers
Timbers
Thorns
Recruiting News
Entertainment
Travel
TV & Movies
Eat, Drink, Cook
Comics
Archives
Your Regional News Pages
Portland
Washington County
Clackamas County
Clark County
Pacific Northwest
Follow Us
Email Newsletters
News on Alexa or Google Home
YouTube
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
Mobile
iPhone, Android apps
Tablet apps
More on OregonLive.com
Place an Ad
Autos
Jobs
Sponsor Content
Post a Job
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.oregonlive.com/blazers/2025/01/trail-blazers-show-positive-signs-during-2-3-trip.html 
 ----- 
