Skip to content
Menu
Search
Try for free
Log in
Finance & economics | Paths to prosperity
How to get rich in the 21st century
The race to become the next economic superpower
illustration: vincent kilbride
Jan 2nd 2024
Share

B
y 2050 there will be a new crop of economic powers—if things go to plan. Narendra Modi, India’s prime minister, wants his country’s gdp per person to surpass the World Bank’s high-income threshold three years before then. Indonesia’s leaders reckon that they have until the mid-century mark, when an ageing population will start to drag on growth, to catch up with rich countries. The middle of the century is also the ultimate finale for many of Muhammad bin Salman’s “Vision 2030” reforms. Saudi Arabia’s crown prince wants to transform his country from an oil producer into a diversified economy. Other smaller countries, including Chile, Ethiopia and Malaysia, have schemes of their own.

Already have an account?Log in
Continue with a free trial
Explore all our independent journalism for free for one month
Get started
Or continue reading this article
Register now
Finance & economics
January 6th 2024
How to get rich in the 21st century
Three surprises that could inflame commodity markets in 2024
Has America really escaped inflation?
American stocks loiter near an all-time high
Robert Solow was an intellectual giant
Share
Reuse this content
the economist today
Handpicked stories, in your inbox

A daily newsletter with the best of our journalism

Sign up
Yes, I agree to receive exclusive content, offers and updates to products and services from The Economist Group. I can change these preferences at any time.
More from Finance & economics
Would an artificial-intelligence bubble be so bad?

A new book by Byrne Hobart and Tobias Huber argues there are advantages to financial mania

Will Elon Musk dominate President Trump’s economic policy?

He will face challenges from both America firsters and conservative mainstreamers

What investors expect from President Trump

Shareholders are over the moon; bondholders are readying the whip hand

China’s firms are taking flight, worrying its rulers

Policymakers at home and abroad are anxious about offshoring

Manmohan Singh was India’s economic freedom fighter

India’s most consequential finance minister, who later became PM, has died aged 92

Why fine wine and fancy art have slumped this year

Investing in luxury goods was a bad move in 2024

Subscribe
Economist Enterprise
Reuse our content
Help and contact us
Keep updated

Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.”

The Economist
About
Advertise
Press centre
SecureDrop
The Economist Group
The Economist Group
Economist Intelligence
Economist Impact
Economist Impact Events
Working here
Economist Education Courses
Executive Jobs

To enhance your experience and ensure our website runs smoothly, we use cookies and similar technologies.

Manage Cookies
Terms of Use
Privacy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility
Modern Slavery Statement
Sitemap
Your Data Rights

Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2025. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/2024/01/02/how-to-get-rich-in-the-21st-century 
 ----- 
