THE INTELLIGENCER
×
News
Sports
Opinion
Life
Special Sections
Obituaries
Jobs
Classifieds
Garage Sales
Contact Information
Submit News
Public Notices
Newspapers In Education
Sponsored Content
Best of the Ohio Valley Winners
NEWS SPORTS OPINION LIFE OBITUARIES JOBS CLASSIFIEDS PLACE NOTICE LEGAL NOTICES
January 11, 2025 | Today's Paper | Submit News | Subscribe Today | Login
Philadelphia Phillies beat Pirates to clinch NL wild-card berth, head to postseason for second straight year
TOP SPORTS

SEP 27, 2023

ASSOCIATED PRESS
 

Philadelphia Phillies second baseman Bryson Stott, right, throws to first after forcing out Pittsburgh Pirates' Henry Davis at second on a double play hit into by Liover Peguero during the sixth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

PHILADELPHIA (AP) — The National League champion Philadelphia Phillies clinched a wild-card berth, beating the Pittsburgh Pirates 3-2 in 10 innings on Tuesday night on Johan Rojas’ RBI single that set off a wild celebration in the outfield.

Rojas’ single off Pirates reliever David Bednar (3-3) scored pinch-runner Cristian Pache and sent the crowd of more than 30,000 fans into a frenzy. “Phillies CLINCHED Wild Card” flashed on the scoreboard and the Phillies mobbed each other in celebration.

Jeff Hoffman (5-2) tossed a scoreless 10th for the win.

The Phillies were set for another wild clubhouse bash after clinching series victories in the NL Division Series and NLCS at home last season. They lost the World Series to Houston in six games last year and carried the weight of unfinished business into this year.

Step 1, complete.

Pittsburgh’s Bryan Reynolds hit a solo shot in the seventh and Henry Davis hit one off All-Star closer Craig Kimbrel that tied the game at 2 in the eighth.

Brandon Marsh homered for the Phillies.

Phillies starter Aaron Nola, Philadelphia’s longest-tenured player, had earned the win in last season’s wild-card clincher against Houston. Nola struck out Ji Hwan Bae in the sixth of this one to reach 200 strikeouts for the third straight season. Nola, set to enter free agency at the end of the season, tipped his cap as he walked off the mound to a standing ovation after he fanned eight in 6 2/3 innings.

The Phillies celebrated their first clinch of a postseason spot at Citizens Bank Park since Sept. 18, 2011, when they won their fifth straight NL East title.

A decade of lean years followed, but Bryce Harper’s celebrated arrival in 2019 helped usher in excitement, enthusiasm for the future and eventually the postseason. The Phillies added free-agent shortstop Trea Turner this season and his second-half surge propelled the Phillies to the wild card.

They are poised to earn the No. 1 seed and host all games next week in the second year of the NL wild-card series.

No doubt, the ballpark will again rock as it did last October. Phillies manager Rob Thomson said a rival coach told him during the playoffs that a game in Philly was “four hours of hell.”

The Phillies won their first six home playoff games last season, setting the tone for what they called Red October.

Pirates starter Mitch Keller (13-10) tried to play spoiler by taking a no-hitter into the sixth. But on the first pitch of the inning, Keller threw one high and outside and shook his right arm. The training staff came out and Keller tossed a few warmup pitches. On the second pitch, Marsh took him deep for his 11th homer of the season. He still struck out six and has 210 on the season, a franchise record (since 1887) for most by a right-handed pitcher.

Harper tacked on a sacrifice fly in the sixth for a 2-0 lead.

Thomson earned laughs n the aftermath of last season’s wild-card clinch. Thomson went to take a swig out of his bottle of bubbly and — doink! Much to the delight of fans who saw the video on social media, the cork was still inside.

“I didn’t know that anybody knew until I got back in my office and my daughter texted me,” he said ahead of Tuesday’s game.

Thomson joked he learned his lesson and was ready to uncork before he took a swig.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Phillies 1B Rhys Hoskins remained a long shot to make the postseason roster as he recovers from a torn ACL in his left knee. Thomson said Tuesday that the slugger still is not likely to be get cleared and activated ahead of the World Series, if at all.

HAPPY RETURNS

The Pirates recalled infielder Nick Gonzales from Triple-A Indianapolis. The 24-year-old Gonzales finished the 2023 season leading all Pirates minor leaguers in extra base hits (49) while ranking fourth in batting (.281) and total bases (191) and was third in slugging (.507) and OPS (.886). This is Gonzales’ second stint with the Pirates this season (June 23 to August 3).

UP NEXT

The Pirates send RHP Johan Ovedo (9-14, 4.12 ERA) to the mound against Phillies LHP Ranger Suarez (4-6, 3.89 ERA).

NEWSLETTER
Today's breaking news and more in your inbox
Email(Required)
I'm interested in (please check all that apply)(Required)
 Daily Newsletter
 Breaking News
 Obituaries
Are you a paying subscriber to the newspaper?(Required)
 Yes
 No
TOP SPORTS
Former Georgia quarterback Carson Beck says he has committed to Miami for 2025 season
Eagles QB Jalen Hurts clears concussion protocol and will start wild-card game against Green Bay
Australian Open 2025: Carlos Alcaraz and Jannik Sinner have a real rivalry atop men’s tennis
NASCAR issues rule changes regarding waivers, damaged vehicles, and an open spot for elite drivers
Federal judge denies NASCAR’s motions to dismiss antitrust lawsuit involving two race teams
Nailers Fire Past Fuel, 4-1

FISHERS, IN- Three out of four points in a road building is always a positive, and the Wheeling Nailers secured two ...

MOST READ
Ohio State getting shot at 6th national title after 28-14 win over Texas in CFP semi Cotton Bowl
For the first time in a decade, AFC North rivals Pittsburgh and Baltimore clash in the postseason
Pats on the Back
AP Poll Shows Dimmer View of Biden Than of Trump or Obama as Term Ends
ODOT Gives Blaine Hill Bridge Update
Tending The Flock
4 articles remaining...

Starting at $2.99/week.
Subscribe Today
NEWS
Top Headlines
Obituaries
Community
National News
TOP SPORTS
Top Sports
High School Sports
OPINION
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Local Columns
LIFE
Columns
Features
Engagements
Weddings
CONTACT
Submit News
Advertise
Contact Us

Copyright © The Intelligencer | https://www.theintelligencer.net | 1500 Main Street, Wheeling, WV 26003 | 304-233-0100

Welcome to The Intelligencer/Wheeling News-Register

The Intelligencer/Wheeling News-Register asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theintelligencer.net/sports/top-sports/2023/09/philadelphia-phillies-beat-pirates-to-clinch-nl-wild-card-berth-head-to-postseason-for-second-straight-year/ 
 ----- 
