Skip to content

Billy Penn at WHYY

Philadelphia local news: Neighborhoods, politics, food, and fun

SUPPORT US
Menu
POSTED IN
HITTIN' SEASON
The heroes of the Phillies’ playoff clincher
Whoever they play in the wild card round, the Phils will be favored.
by John Stolnis, Hittin' Season
September 27, 2023
Philadelphia Phillies' Jose Alvarado celebrates after winning a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

The vibes are good after a rollercoaster regular season.

Folks, they’re back.

Phillies fans are revving up for Red October after rookie outfielder Johan Rojas clinched the Phils’ second straight playoff berth with a walk-off RBI single in the bottom of the 10th to beat the Pirates at Citizens Bank Park last night, 3-2. 

WALK IT OFF INTO RED OCTOBER. pic.twitter.com/usqUiUVlNu

— Philadelphia Phillies (@Phillies) September 27, 2023

Yep, once again, the Phillies are Dancing On Their Own.

The song isn’t going anywhere pic.twitter.com/fr2oEQFbxp

— Alex Coffey (@byalexcoffey) September 27, 2023

If there’s one thing these guys know how to do, it’s celebrate.

POSTSEASON CLINCH DAYCARE SPLASH pic.twitter.com/ovK8W9bVfH

— Philadelphia Phillies (@Phillies) September 27, 2023

I'M IN THE CORNER pic.twitter.com/RM5UgxtMbC

— Philadelphia Phillies (@Phillies) September 27, 2023

On the most recent edition of Hittin’ Season, I recapped the many heroes from their postseason-clinching victory.

Johan Rojas, who hit the game-winning single to center, capping off a meteoric rise from Double-A Reading to the big leagues
Jeff Hoffman, a right-handed reliever no one expected to be a major contributor, discovering a 98-mph fastball and back-breaking slider to become the team’s most dependable set-up man, preserving the 2-2 tie in the top of the 10th inning
Jose Alvarado, the left-handed fireballer who has rediscovered his mojo and destroyed the Pirates in the 9th
Aaron Nola, for the second straight year, shoved in a playoff-clinching game, giving up just one run in 6 ⅔ innings with eight strikeouts and no walks, his second straight great start
Brandon Marsh, who broke up a no-hitter in the 6th with a solo home run to put the Phils on the board first

As is true anytime a baseball team goes to the playoffs for a second year in a row, things are different this time around. 

By virtue of a Cubs loss to the Braves last night, the Phillies also clinched the top wild card spot in the National League, meaning the entire three-game wild card series that will begin next Tuesday, Oct. 3, will be played in front of the zealots here in Philadelphia. 

The Phils will host one of the following:

the Diamondbacks, who currently hold the second wild card
the Cubs, who possess the third and final spot
the Marlins, who sit a half-game back
the Reds, who are 1 ½ games out

Whoever it is, the Phils will be favored. That’s unlike last year, when, as the last team into the dance, they went into St. Louis and upset the Cardinals with two straight wins.

This year’s Phillies are better than last year’s. They will finish with more wins, have a deeper starting rotation, more high-impact arms in the bullpen, and an offense that can hit home runs with the best of them, including the high octane Braves, their NL Divisional Round opponent should they get past the wild card round. 

But as last year’s Phils showed everyone, the MLB playoffs are a crapshoot. In a short, three-game series, an ill-timed slump by the bats, or one start by an ace gone awry, can torpedo even the best teams. Just ask last year’s Braves, Mets, Dodgers and Cardinals teams that watched the two bottom National League teams — Phillies and Padres — play for a trip to the Fall Classic.

That said, getting into the postseason tournament is always the goal at the start of spring training, and while there is a long way yet to go…

WE'VE GOT 13 MORE WINS, TOPPER pic.twitter.com/3eKgXq45MH

— Philadelphia Phillies (@Phillies) September 27, 2023

…the ride getting there has been — and we hope will continue to be — magic.

TAGGED:baseball, Phillies, Sports
JOHN STOLNIS, HITTIN' SEASON
jstolnis@gmail.com

John Stolnis grew up in Delco as a rabid fan of all Philadelphia sports, but the Phillies have always held a special place in his heart, particularly those disappointing Juan Samuel-led teams of the late... More by John Stolnis, Hittin' Season

TRENDING
Philly opens drug recovery home as part of Kensington revival plan 
Housing for those in recovery; Macy's closing; Stuck cargo ship | Morning roundup
Why Gov. Shapiro sued to limit future electric bill hikes
Immigrants in Philly stress about their futures under Trump
California native turned Philadelphian ‘devastated’ watching his old home burn from afar
California native turned Philadelphian ‘devastated’ watching his old home burn from afar
Temple Contemporary Director Dr. Matt Kenyatta helps friends, family and the places his work covers however he can, but struggles with being 3,000 miles away.
by Nick Kariuki
Why Gov. Shapiro sued to limit future electric bill hikes
The state says the regional grid operator has a broken cost-setting process. 
by Meir Rinde
Philly opens drug recovery home as part of Kensington revival plan 
The $54 million complex will house up to 336 people, and may expand in the future.
by Meir Rinde
The ‘Sunny’ crew land at ‘Abbott,’ and show delivers
The much-heralded crossover episode dropped Wednesday, and it was good.
by Kevin Donahue
The 6 big storylines for the 2025 Phillies
An offseason without a big splash means the team is betting on smaller moves, existing players. Could it work?
by John Stolnis, Hittin' Season
Snow days are rare these days, and some Philly parents embraced this one
At Dickinson Square Park, parents welcomed the chance to share the time with kids.
by Nick Kariuki
Immigrants in Philly stress about their futures under Trump
Lacking clear information, they believe rumors or gird for deportation.
by Meir Rinde
2 superfans offer thoughts on what will make a great ‘Sunny/Abbott’ crossover episode
How will the two casts interact? Will one “win”? We talked with a teacher and a screenwriter.
by Nick Kariuki
Need something to warm you up? Remember these moments from the Phillies’ 2024 season
It’s cold and snowy. Here are some memories to keep you toasty and hopeful.
by Justin Klugh
SEPTA installs new signs, is trying to fix cards that aren’t working
The transit agency says the cards have incorrectly set expiration dates. Those affected can still ride.
by Kevin Donahue
Load more posts
ABOUT US
FAQ
NEWSLETTER
SUPPORT BILLY PENN
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
SEARCH
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram

Billy Penn is a project of WHYY

Have a news tip or press release? Email tips@billypenn.com

© 2025 Billy Penn at WHYY
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://billypenn.com/2023/09/27/phillies-playoff-clincher-hereos/ 
 ----- 
