Search
Home
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
RG Podcast
Jobs
Classifieds
Obituaries
Weather
Digital edition
RGMags
Drive For Change
Log in
ePaper
Newsletter
Advertise
Terms of Service
Michael Findlay eyes winning start against Antigua
Mehluli Sibanda
Created: Jun 05, 2024 11:05 AM (Updated: Jun 05, 2024 11:55 AM)
0 Comments
40
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Gunning for three points: Lejuan Simmons, left, will be missing in action for Bermuda when they face Antigua & Barbuda in a 2026 World Cup qualifier

Bermuda coach Michael Findlay is targeting three points against Antigua & Barbuda when the two teams clash in a 2026 World Cup qualifier this afternoon (4pm).

Bermuda also face Honduras at Flora Duffy Stadium on Sunday and Findlay is looking for a bright start at the Antigua & Barbuda Football Association Technical Centre.

“I think you look at every game as being crucial,’’ Findlay said.

“We have two matches to play in June this year, then we have two matches to play in June next year.

“Obviously, we’re not going to know the final results until this time next year, and where we position ourselves.

“There is no doubt that our priority is to start off very positively and the best way to start off is to take three points from Antigua & Barbuda, which positions us well moving into match two.

“World Cup qualification is all about the crucial moments and this is one of them. I think everyone is really excited about it. We've had a good week of preparation and I think everybody, as footballers always do, they want to play.

“We’re preparing the players accordingly and we’ll be looking to apply ourselves to the best of our ability, and, hopefully, at the end of that, that’s three points to get on the plane and come home with.”

Findlay shared his insights into what they expect from their first opponents in the group.

“As part of our ongoing efforts we always make sure that we know as much as possible about the opponents,’’ the coach said.

“Antigua & Barbuda are a team that provides a couple of different challenges for us. They are somewhat unpredictable and they've had a good streak over the last number of years, and over the last little while they've had some challenges.

“When you have that kind of unpredictability, you have to prepare for everything. Certainly, that is something that we are doing and we want to make sure that we know about them as much as possible.

“They definitely lean on the physical side of the game. They have a mentality that they want to play and you have to be aware of that, and they’re pretty consistent with the way they set up.

“Seeing that it’s their first World Cup qualifier and it’s at home, we can expect them to come with a great mindset and we have to prepare for that.”

While Antigua and Honduras are ranked higher than Bermuda, Sunday’s fixture is viewed as the tougher of the two, but the Bermuda coach wants his players to limit their concentration to the first game.

“We have chosen as staff that our players are very focused on one match at a time,’’ he said.

“We don’t necessarily look beyond what we’re doing, which is taking care of business against Antigua & Barbuda. Once we’ve done that, we’ll turn our attention, focus, information and our research on Honduras.

“Of course, Honduras are going to be an incredible challenge for us. You’re talking about the seventh-ranked team in Concacaf and they have World Cup finals experience, they were in the finals of the Nations League in 2023.

“They’re coached by an extremely experienced and technically gifted coach. It’s going to be a great challenge for us come Sunday, but after we finish our game with Antigua & Barbuda, I think it’s going to be an exciting time for us.

“If we want to be what we are aspiring to be, which is in the top half of the Concacaf rankings, we have to play experienced teams like Honduras.

“That’s going to be a great opportunity for our players to test themselves. It’s going to be a great opportunity for the Bermudian fans to see the quality of a team like Honduras.

“Everybody is looking forward to that, but let’s be very specific here, we know that is on page two, page one is Antigua & Barbuda.”

Bermuda head into the two matches without Lejuan Simmons, who is recovering from a ruptured Achilles tendon in the final game of the inaugural Fifa Series in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, in March.

“It was a very unfortunate situation and very disappointing,’’ the coach said.

“You are hard-pressed to replace someone like Lejuan, both as an experienced footballer, but also as a person within the group. He’s a great human being and great to have around

“We've got a couple of decisions that we’ll have to make before the match against Antigua & Barbuda.

“We’re very confident that we can fill in that gap with the players that we have. That’s part of the growth of this squad, we want to get beyond the numbers that we had before so that we can quite confidently, we can select someone who can step into those roles if need be.”

RELATED TOPICS: FOOTBALL BERMUDA FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION FIFA WORLD CUP
Related Stories
Quinaceo Hunt’s heroics send PHC into Friendship Trophy final
Tre Ming throws down gauntlet to PHC
Late Tre Burgess goal seals Friendship Trophy semi-final spot for Hot Peppers
‘Every team is gunning for us’ – PHC coach Quincy Hunt
40
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Comments

You must be Registered or Signed in to post comment or to vote.

Published June 05, 2024 at 11:05 am (Updated June 05, 2024 at 11:55 am)
Michael Findlay eyes winning start against Antigua
Users agree to adhere to our Online User Conduct for commenting and user who violate the Terms of Service will be banned.
Preferred Posts
   
Most Popular
Today
Most Commented
12/28/2024
Myron Simmons disbarred for improper conduct
12/28/2024
Academic becomes UK university’s first Black professor
12/28/2024
Chanz tries to heal the world
12/27/2024
Nicholas Pedro: the back story
12/28/2024
Sandwich Generation: stuck in the middle
12/28/2024
Thirty years on, canine craft book returns as a sensation
12/28/2024
Dandy Town fight back to claim Friendship Trophy final spot
12/27/2024
Buy one, get one free launch by BermudAir

Take Our Poll

Do you support the amendments to Pati, introducing a fee and restricting a request to 100 hours of time?

 Yes
 No
 No opinion

View Results

Poll Archive
Today's Obituaries
JEFFERIS, RONALD EDMUND CHRISTOPHER
LUSHER, NICHOLAS CROSSON (NICKY)
PUGH, TRUDI ANN

VIEW ALL OBITUARIES
PLACE AN OBITUARY

eMoo Posts
RG Sound Lounge – The Latest Podcasts
PUBLISHED: 27 Dec 2024
PUBLISHED: 16 DEC 2024
Available for
iPhones and iPads
Available in
Google Play
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
Calendar
Newsrack
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Advertise
Registration
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 Youtube
 RSS Feed
 Podcast
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

© Copyright 2024 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.royalgazette.com/football/sport/article/20240605/michael-findlay-eyes-winning-start-against-antigua/ 
 ----- 
