Register
Sign in
International Edition
Podcasts
Newsletters
Follow us
Alerts
Video
Arab Showcase
Weekend
NEWS
UAE
Gulf
MENA
US
UK
Europe
Asia
BUSINESS
Aviation
Economy
Energy
Money
Property
Banking
Markets
OPINION
Comment
Editorial
Obituaries
Cartoon
Feedback
FUTURE
Science
Space
Technology
CLIMATE
Environment
Road To Net Zero
HEALTH
CULTURE
Art & Design
Books
Film & TV
Music & On-Stage
Pop Culture
LIFESTYLE
Travel
Fashion & Beauty
Food
Motoring
Luxury
Home & Garden
Wellbeing
Things To Do
SPORT
Football
Cricket
Olympics
F1
Tennis
Combat Sports
Horse Racing

Cricket

Babar Azam celebrates No1 ODI ranking with whirlwind T20 century against South Africa
Pakistan captain hits 122 as visitors chase down 204 with nine wickets in hand to take 2-1 series lead
The National

April 14, 2021

Captain Babar Azam hit a record-breaking 122 to lead Pakistan to a commanding nine-wicket victory over hosts South Africa at Centurion on Wednesday and a 2-1 lead in the four-match T20 series.

Read More

Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan inducted into PCB Hall of Fame

Mohammad Rizwan scored an unbeaten 73 as he and Azam, whose century came off 49 balls, shared a record 197-run partnership in a devastating display of batting that enabled the touring side to reel in South Africa’s competitive 203-5 with ease.

They won with two overs to spare after making 205-1, dispatching the home bowling to all corners of the ground.

Azam's record T20 score for Pakistan, including 15 fours and four sixes off 59 balls, came on a day when he became the top ranked one-day batsman. He is third in the T20 rankings and played an innings of finesse and guile rather than bludgeoning shots to underline his class.

200+ successful chases in T20Is with most overs remaining

2.2 overs by RSA vs WI, 2007
2.0 overs by Pak vs RSA, TODAY
1.2 overs by Ind vs WI, 2019
1.2 overs by Ind vs Eng, 2018

— Mazher Arshad (@MazherArshad) April 14, 2021

Rizwan’s knock was overshadowed by his skipper but he was equally brilliant in a supporting role.

It was the second highest successful run chase in a T20 international at Centurion with a tiring Azam eventually out caught behind off the bowling of Lizaad Williams.

As expected, Azam was elated at the end of an extremely successful day.

"I had been waiting for this for a long time, I had planned for a long time, and today Allah has given me a chance to finish it. Rizwan bhai also played an outstanding innings. He was fasting [for Ramadan], and he batted and he kept wickets, and he was outstanding," Azam said.

"I also achieved a dream in one-day cricket today [of top ranking]. I struggled hard, there was a lot of hard work that went into it. I keep trying to learn and add new things to my game, and I will keep trying to do the same."

Earlier, Janneman Malan and Aiden Markram shared a 108-run opening wicket partnership as South Africa got off to a flying start after being put into bat.

Markram made a half century for a third successive game before being bowled for 63 and Malan scored 55.

The last match of the series and Pakistan's tour will also be played at Centurion, on Friday.

Our site uses cookies
We use cookies for basic website functionality, personalisation and to help us analyse how our site is used. By accepting, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change your cookie preferences by clicking the cookie preferences button or by visiting ourCookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
ACCEPT
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thenationalnews.com/sport/cricket/babar-azam-celebrates-no1-odi-ranking-with-whirlwind-t20-century-against-south-africa-1.1203855 
 ----- 
