Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Big Second and Third Quarter Performances Propel OKC Thunder to 3-0 Record
Oklahoma City has not been outscored in the second or third quarters of its first three games this season.
Randall Sweet | Oct 28, 2024
Oct 27, 2024; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA; Oklahoma City Thunder forward Jalen Williams (8) shoots against the Atlanta Hawks during the second half at Paycom Center / Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images
In this story:
Oklahoma City Thunder

The Oklahoma City Thunder are 3-0 for the first time since 2017 after picking up wins over the Denver Nuggets, Chicago Bulls and Atlanta Hawks to start the 2024-25 season.

So far, OKC has topped each of its opponents by at least 15 points, with its biggest victory coming in a 128-104 comeback win against Trae Young and company. The Thunder have yet to be outscored in the game's middle two quarters and have used impressive performances in the second and third quarters to take down opponents.

Against the Nuggets, the Mark Daigneault's team logged its highest first-quarter output of the season. In the second quarter, Denver kept pace with OKC, but the Thunder outscored Nikola Jokic and company by 10 in the third frame to take commanding lead and come out with a win.

Oklahoma City led the Bulls by five heading into the second quarter, but outscored Chicago by 15 points in the second period and three points in the third to pull away from Billy Donovan's team.

The Hawks were the first team to outpace the Thunder in the first quarter this season, leading 27-23 heading into the second quarter. OKC outscored Atlanta by three in the second quarter and four in the third quarter before pummeling the Hawks in the final frame to finish with a 24-point victory.

So far this season, the Thunder have seemed to get a feel for the game in the first quarter, before truly going on the attack for the rest of the contest. With Daigneault still figuring out the team's new rotations after offseason roster changes and early-season injuries, Oklahoma City is at its best after the first quarter once the team has settled in.

Additionally, the team's depth allows for the Thunder to stagger multiple talented players and win minutes when its star players are off the court.

Want to join the discussion? Like Thunder on SI on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Thunder news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Oct 28, 2024
RANDALL SWEET

Randall Sweet is a 2022 Oklahoma University graduate who has formerly written for the Norman Transcript and OU Daily. Randall also serves as the Communications Coordinator at Visit OKC.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/thunder/news/big-second-and-third-quarter-performances-propel-okc-thunder-to-3-0-record-01jba01tg8xs 
 ----- 
