Open sidebar
Home
Cricket
Barabati Stadium Cuttack weather: Cuttack weather forecast for 2nd India vs South Africa T20I at Barabati Stadium

Dixit Bhargav
PublishedJun 11, 2022

Follow Us

Barabati Stadium Cuttack weather: The SportsRush presents before you the weather prediction for the second IND v SA T20I.

Advertisement

International cricket will return to Cuttack after almost 30 months with the second India vs South Africa T20I scheduled to be played here on Sunday. As far as T20Is are concerned, the third match of this format at this venue will be played after almost 54 months.

Barabati Stadium might not have hosted T20Is for a while but its last encounter with T20s had happened during Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy 2018-19 when it had hosted 14 matches of India’s premier domestic T20 tournament.

Barabati Stadium Cuttack weather

Only the second time when India are playing at home in the month of June, it doesn’t need to be told that players will continue to face the heat as far as the climate in a summer season is concerned.

ALSO READ: How to collect physical tickets for India vs South Africa Cuttack T20I?

Having said that, as a major respite for them, players would be relieved to feel the difference between temperatures in Delhi and Cuttack. In spite of both matches being night fixtures, a clear 10-degree difference in temperature should be a welcoming development especially for South African players.

As was the case in the first Delhi T20I, there is no scope whatsoever of rain pouring down over the Barabati Stadium on Sunday. It is noteworthy that there’s a 0% rain probability in Cuttack tomorrow according to AccuWeather. A hot but clear day in Cuttack will allow players to play for an uninterrupted 40 overs tomorrow.

Cuttack weather hourly

07:00 PM – 29 degree (Hot).

08:00 PM – 28 degree (Hot).

09:00 PM – 27 degree (Hot).

1st ever LED based Flood Light is been inaugurated at the historic #BarabatiStadium ##Cuttack ahead of the #T20 International Match to be played between #IndvsSA on the 12th of June 2022. @CMO_Odisha @Naveen_Odisha @rvineel_krishna @Paytm @BCCI @OfficialCSA @cricket_odisha pic.twitter.com/RxpnyA7x2p

— Odisha Cricket Association (@cricket_odisha) June 9, 2022

10:00 PM – 27 degree (Hot).

11:00 PM – 27 degree (Hot).

00:00 AM – 27 degree (Hot).

IndiaSouth AfricaSouth Africa Tour Of India 2022

About the author

Dixit Bhargav

Born and brought up in Pathankot, Dixit Bhargav is an engineering and sports management graduate who works as a Cricket Editor at The SportsRush. Having written more than 10,000 articles across more than five years at TSR, his first cricketing memory dates back to 2002 when former India captain Sourav Ganguly had waved his jersey at the historic Lord’s balcony. What followed for an 8-year-old was an instant adulation for both Ganguly and the sport. The optimist in him is waiting for the day when Punjab Kings will win their maiden Indian Premier League title. When not watching cricket, he is mostly found in a cinema hall watching a Punjabi movie.

Share this article

Don’t miss these

Rishikesh Sharma • Jan 02, 2024

Newlands Cape Town Pitch Report And Test Records For IND vs SA 2nd Match

Rishikesh Sharma • Jan 01, 2024

“Different Hair Style And Some Body Art”: When Sunil Gavaskar Lambasted Indian Team For Playing KL Rahul Ahead Of Ajinkya Rahane

Rishikesh Sharma • Dec 31, 2023

Having Equaled Sachin Tendulkar, KL Rahul Stands A Chance To Join Ajinkya Rahane And Cheteshwar Pujara In Elite Club

Tanmay Roy • Jan 03, 2024

Cricketers Who Played First Test Match As Captain [FULL LIST]

Tanmay Roy • Jan 02, 2024

“You Want A Bag”: The Time Bay 13 Crowd Booed Michael Hussey For Dancing Under The Sun At The MCG

Dixit Bhargav • Oct 11, 2022

“Bolo Tara Ra ra”: VVS Laxman credits Shikhar Dhawan for building camaraderie among Indian cricketers

Headlines

Basketball

“He Can Do It and Download It in 5 Minutes”: Jamal Crawford Was Impressed with Victor Wembanyama’s Quick Learning Skills

Basketball

“He’s Sick”: Derrick Rose Hilariously Roasts Tom Thibodeau for Calling Him About Basketball Despite His Retirement

UFC

Belal Muhammad Confident in Beating Potential Opponent Shavkat After Lessons From ‘The Best’ Khabib Nurmagomedov

NFL

“I Was Never Going Back to the United States”: Ricky Williams Revisits ‘Finding Himself’ While Traveling in Australia

Basketball

“Two Kinds Of People”: Damian Lillard Shares Interesting Image Following Bucks’ Loss

Follow TheSportsRush

Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Footer
Facebook
Instagram
X
More From Us
Stories
Legal
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Ethics Policy
Fact Checking Policy
Corrections Policy
Editorial Guidelines
Company
About Us
Ownership
Editorial Team
Support
Contact Us

Copyright: © RU Sport Private Limited. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thesportsrush.com/cricket-news-barabati-stadium-cuttack-weather-cuttack-weather-forecast-for-2nd-india-vs-south-africa-t20i-at-barabati-stadium/ 
 ----- 
