MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Red Sox-Yankees rivalry: How the 2003 ALCS spurred Boston’s success in years to come
By Jen McCaffrey
Sep 14, 2023

87

The schedule makers surely had different expectations for a mid-September four-game series between the Red Sox and Yankees.

Heavy rains tearing through New England this week made an already lackluster matchup between the two scuffling clubs even more miserable with two doubleheaders in four days. The consolation prize: Trying to avoid the American League East basement.

Not since 1966 have the Red Sox and Yankees finished last and second-to-last in their division. Before that? 1925.

Postseason hopes are all but out of the picture for both clubs by this point. Yet 20 years ago last week, Boston took two of three games from New York in a series that served as a prelude to the seven-game epic that was the 2003 American League Championship Series.

In some ways, it’s hard to believe that matchup – culminating in Aaron Boone’s walk-off homer to send New York to yet another World Series – will celebrate a two-decade milestone next month.

In other ways, not so much.

GO DEEPER

Weird & Wild: The weekend the baseball gods worked overtime

“A lot has happened, in our lives and professional experiences, but I also remember it like it was yesterday,” said Red Sox general manager Brian O’Halloran, who was hired during the 2002 season as a baseball operations assistant. “I remember the conversations we had. I remember what it felt like to lose Game 7. I remember that entire offseason really well.”

In the moment, especially for an apoplectic fanbase, the heartbreak of 20 years ago this October felt familiar, yet almost inevitable, given the club’s history of postseason calamities.

“We knew that team was great,” said Boone, now in his sixth year as manager of the Yankees. “I felt like we were really good, too. That felt like two Goliaths going at it. I think we were aware of how good they were.”

	Terry Francona and Curt Schilling at spring training in 2005. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)

Yet as painful as the series was for Boston, it served a crucial purpose, albeit one that might not have been visible in the moment. And the so-called “Aaron Boone game” itself exposed flaws in the way the 2003 Red Sox were built that the front office would correct, helping to lead to their success in 2004.

If the Red Sox hadn’t gotten to the precipice in 2003 only to fall back yet again, would the club have pushed so hard for another front-end starter or settled for a good-not-great option? Would they have shelled out for an All-Star closer or rolled out a similar mediocre bullpen? Would they have changed managers to a future Hall of Famer or stuck with Grady Little?

For many, the pain of 2003 made the triumph of 2004 even more precious. Yet that Game 7 loss in 2003 set the stage for a domino effect of decisions that cascaded throughout that offseason into 2004.

“On the one hand, in the immediate aftermath we were devastated by the loss and felt like it slipped away from us,” O’Halloran said. “But absolutely even further reinvigorated us to do anything we could to change the narrative and get over the hump. It just made us — if you could want it even more — it made us want it even more. And yeah so we turned the page quickly and started working toward improving the team and trying to achieve our goals.”

The new ownership group was in its infancy and the Red Sox were finally on the doorstep of competing with New York again.

“We were in a series with the Yankees in ‘99 and, not that we were overmatched, but it just seemed like we were further away,” said Lou Merloni, who played in Boston from 1998 to 2003 and currently serves as a color commentator on Red Sox broadcasts on NESN and WEEI. “That (2003) team did not seem like it was further away. We felt like we should have won that series. You felt like you were close.”

The ramifications of that Game 7 loss led to three of the most significant moves the organization made ahead of 2004, ones that arguably pushed them over the top against the Yankees:

Adding Curt Schilling

The famous Thanksgiving Day recruitment dinner in which GM Theo Epstein convinced Schilling to waive his no-trade clause led to the Red Sox landing the accomplished veteran. Outside of Pedro Martinez, the Red Sox lacked a true front-end starter to match the Yankees’ tandem of Roger Clemens, Andy Pettitte and Mike Mussina. Derek Lowe and Tim Wakefield each pitched well out of the rotation in 2003, but still, the Red Sox relied heavily on Martinez.

There wasn’t a clear No. 2 starter. If there had been, Martinez might not have been as worn down by Game 7. Adding a big-game starter for 2004 became a priority.

“You can have teams that overachieve in certain situations, but at the end of the day, Curt Schilling is one of the best postgame pitchers in the history of this game and to be able to add him, who’s already a champion,” said Kevin Millar, who signed as a free agent ahead of the 2003 season. Millar now serves as a color commentator on NESN while also hosting ‘Intentional Talk’ on MLB Network.

“It was kind of like you have a one-two punch to match up with anybody’s one-two punch in Schilling and Pedro.”

“It always seemed like we didn’t have that stable guy to go with Pedro and I always felt like that was the biggest difference,” Merloni said. “You have the greatest pitcher in baseball, one of them, and it’s like you needed that next guy. Those teams were good, but there were always some flaws.”

Signing Keith Foulke

The 2003 season marked the year of the closer by committee. In the regular season, Byung-Hyun Kim led the team with 16 saves, followed by nine from Brandon Lyon, three from Chad Fox and two from Mike Timlin along with one each from six other pitchers. That group posted 24 blown saves, tied for seventh most in baseball. By the time the postseason rolled around, Timlin and Alan Embree were lights-out, combining for 16 1/3 scoreless innings between the ALDS and ALCS. Still, Little ran a taxed Martinez out again in the fateful eighth inning of Game 7 as the Yankees tied it up. If there’d been a lockdown closer on the roster all year, would Little have turned to him in that spot rather than send Martinez back out?

“A lot was talked about in Game 7 with Pedro, and Grady lost his job over that situation, but if you ask me today, I still want to lose with Pedro on the mound,” said Millar. “Embree and Timlin in the bullpen did a great job, but you had the greatest pitcher on earth in the biggest game, that’s who I want to lose with. But you’re still a little short-handed in the bullpen and they went out and signed Keith Foulke from the A’s, who was a bonafide closer then.

“Now you have a guy that can get strikeouts in big innings late in the game that has established himself as a closer that we didn’t have.”

Hiring Terry Francona

Little’s decision in Game 7 cost him his job (although perhaps he would have been fired regardless), but it paved the way for a new manager in town. The Red Sox turned to a still unproven leader with a losing record to take over the reins. Francona had managed the Phillies from 1997 to 2000, compiling a 285-363 record in a trying four-year stint.

“Both in the background work and certainly meeting him and getting to know him, just a very special person,” O’Halloran said of the decision to hire Francona. “Obviously a baseball lifer, absolutely dedicated to the game, very intelligent and really good experience, albeit difficult in Philadelphia. He managed in a very difficult market prior to being here and took his lumps because of it. We thought if he could draw from that experience it would help him with the inevitable challenges in Boston.

“This is the most obvious statement I could ever make, but Tito was a huge part and our leader in the clubhouse and pushed all the right buttons and did everything he’s done so well in his current Hall of Fame career since then. He created an incredible environment and allowed the talent to show and to be his best, allowed the players to be their best.”

— The Athletic’s Brendan Kuty contributed reporting to this story.

(Top photo of Aaron Boone in Game 7 of the 2003 ALCS: Al Bello/Getty Images)

Jen McCaffrey is a staff writer for The Athletic covering the Boston Red Sox. Prior to joining The Athletic, the Syracuse graduate spent four years as a Red Sox reporter for MassLive.com and three years as a sports reporter for the Cape Cod Times. Follow Jen on Twitter @jcmccaffrey

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4859950/2023/09/14/red-sox-yankees-aaron-boone-2003-alcs/ 
 ----- 
