Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Sam Moore
Vince McMahon
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Aaron Judge hits grand slam to help Yankees beat Red Sox 8-5 for doubleheader split
1 of 8 |  

New York Yankees’ Aaron Judge hits a grand slam next to Boston Red Sox catcher Reese McGuire during the second inning during the second game of a baseball doubleheader in Boston, Thursday, Sept. 14, 2023. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)

2 of 8 |  

New York Yankees’ Aaron Judge celebrates his grand slam against the Boston Red Sox with Gleyber Torres (25) during the second inning of the second game of a baseball doubleheader in Boston, Thursday, Sept. 14, 2023. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)

3 of 8 |  

New York Yankees relief pitcher Tommy Kahnle (41) and catcher Kyle Higashioka (66) celebrate the team’s win over the Boston Red Sox in the second game of a baseball doubleheader in Boston, Thursday, Sept. 14, 2023. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)

4 of 8 |  

New York Yankees’ Oswald Peraza rounds second base on his two-run home run against the Boston Red Sox during the ninth inning of the second game of a baseball doubleheader in Boston, Thursday, Sept. 14, 2023. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)

5 of 8 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Trevor Story celebrates his three-run home run in the eighth inning during the first game of a baseball doubleheader against the New York Yankees in Boston, Thursday, Sept. 14, 2023. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)

6 of 8 |  

FILE - Boston Red Sox baseball executive Chaim Bloom is shown before a baseball game between the Red Sox and New York Yankees Friday, June 16, 2023, at Fenway Park in Boston. The Red Sox fired Chief Baseball Officer Chaim Bloom on Thursday, Sept. 14, as the team stumbled toward a third last-place finish in four seasons. (AP Photo/Winslow Townson, File)

Read More
7 of 8 |  

Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Tanner Houck throws against the New York Yankees in the first inning during the first game of a baseball doubleheader in Boston, Thursday, Sept. 14, 2023,. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)

8 of 8 |  

New York Yankees starting pitcher Michael King throws against the Boston Red Sox in the first inning during the first game of a baseball doubleheader in Boston, Thursday, Sept. 14, 2023,. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)

BY  BRENDAN MCGAIR
Updated 3:48 AM UTC, September 15, 2023
Share

BOSTON (AP) — Aaron Judge hit a grand slam, DJ LeMahieu broke an eighth-inning tie with an RBI double, and the New York Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 8-5 on Thursday night to split a doubleheader.

Oswald Peraza hit his first career homer, a two-run shot in the ninth for the Yankees (74-73), who won three of four at Boston to draw even with their rival at the bottom of the AL East.

“Incredible moment right there for me. We wanted those runs in that inning,” Peraza said through a translator. “To be able to come through and connect there was incredible. We were able to win the series which means a lot of us.”

Earlier Thursday, the Red Sox fired Chief Baseball Officer Chaim Bloom after nearly four seasons, then beat the Yankees 5-0 in the twinbill opener. Tanner Houck pitched six strong innings and registered his first win since April.

Boston made the playoffs once during Bloom’s tenure and enters the remaining weeks of the season seeking to avoid another last-place finish in the division.

READ MORE
The Red Sox have fired Chaim Bloom as they stumble toward a third last-place finish in 4 seasons
The Boston Red Sox have fired Chief Baseball Officer Chaim Bloom as the team stumbled toward a third last-place finish in four seasons.

“Obviously, it’s a decision that ownership decided to go this route. We worked together all these years. It’s never easy to hear that,” Red Sox manager Alex Cora said between games.

In the nightcap, Judge slugged a 2-0 pitch from Brennan Bernardino over the wall in center field with the bases loaded in the second inning to make it 5-2. It was his 32nd homer of the season and sixth career grand slam.

“Just got in a good count. Had a couple of opportunities over the past few days and didn’t come through,” Judge said.

Rafael Devers hit his 31st homer in the third to get the Red Sox within 5-3. Boston added a run in the fifth, and in the seventh, Triston Casas’ RBI groundout made it 5-5.

LeMahieu hit the go-ahead double off Mauricio Llovera (1-2).

“Good to see him go out there and do what he does at the top of the order,” Yankees manager Aaron Boone said.

Wandy Peralta (4-2) pitched the seventh for New York and Tommy Kahnle worked the final two innings for his second save.

Yankees starter Clarke Schmidt worked 5 1/3 innings, allowing four runs, three earned, on seven hits. New York turned three double plays behind him.

“Continued to stay locked in and be present and make the big pitch when I needed to,” Schmidt said. “Getting them to put the ball on the ground was the mentality throughout the game.”

FIRST GAME

In the opener, Houck (5-9) gave up four hits and struck out seven, and Trevor Story and rookie Ceddanne Rafaela homered for Boston. With the Red Sox ahead 2-0, Story hit a three-run shot into the center-field batters’ eye in the eighth inning.

Houck capped off his outing by escaping a one-out, first-and-third jam in the sixth. The Yankees were shut out for the ninth time this season.

“Today was a big day for Tanner,” Cora said. “He needed six innings.”

New York right-hander Michael King (4-6) gave up a run and six hits in 4 2/3 innings. The reliever-turned-starter who hails from Rhode Island and played at Boston College struck out eight and walked one.

“It’s nice being back on that routine,” King said of being back in the rotation for his fifth start. “I think that’s the main part of my body recovery that I feel like I missed (coming) out of the bullpen.”

Boston finished 9-4 against its rival this season.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Yankees: Boone said top prospect Jasson Domínguez will undergo Tommy John surgery on his throwing elbow next Wednesday. Boone said the recovery time for a position player is nine to 10 months.

Red Sox: Right-handers Zack Kelly (right elbow inflammation) and Corey Kluber (right shoulder inflammation) are both on rehab assignments. Cora didn’t know what they’d be doing next.

UP NEXT

Yankees: RHP Gerrit Cole (13-4, 2.79 ERA) starts Friday in the opener of a weekend series at Pittsburgh.

Red Sox: RHP Brayan Bello (12-8, 3.68) starts Friday’s series opener at Toronto.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
AP News Quiz - Jan. 10,...
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaarde.
Kia
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Farming tech is on display at CES as companies showcase their green innovations and in...
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
New York City man lured immigr ant women to sexually assault...
New York City prosecutors say a man lured immigrant women in the city’s...
AP News
Judge who blocked release of Trump report was 'plainly'...
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned from the Justice Department after subm...
AP News
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onverslaanbare...
Nissan Qashqai
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu een proe frit.
Kia
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kouse n en zeggen dat ze...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Hét moment om te gaan voor de Nissan...
Nissan Qashqai
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgev...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Bloedsuikerhelper
Advertisement:
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met dit alarm
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun aut...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrisc he auto's kopen, zie...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after...
Authorities say the man who traveled armed to a pizzeria in the nation's capital...
AP News
Canada's former leader Chrétien has blunt advice for Trump:...
Jean Chrétien, who was Canada’s prime minister from 1993 to 2003, joined a...
AP News
Alleen vandaag - Adid as tot -33% korting.
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Tot wel 13 kg gewicht sverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verbazin...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Ontdek hoe slim je bent. Beantwoord 22 vragen en ontdek ho...
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Johnny Gaudreau's number will be retired by the junior USHL's...
Johnny Gaudreau's jersey number will be retired by his junior hockey team at a...
AP News
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles, Trump doesn't offer much sym...
As the cataclysmic wildfires rage across Los Angeles, President-elect Donald...
AP News
Betaal minder en verw arm uw huis
HeaterLux
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Zeg vaarwel tegen de Bunion Aliens die je tenen aanvallen
HalluxGuard
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Play this game for 1 minute and see why everyone is addicted.
PanzerRush
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Adidas alleen vandaag in de aanbieding
Limango:Advertisement
Nu winkelen
Geen honger, geen strenge diëten? met deze capsules verbrandt je buikvet de hel...
consumer-review.eu:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Is jouw IQ hoger dan het gemiddelde in Nederland (102)? Maak deze IQ-test en ko...
WW IQ Test:Advertisement
BEGIN NU
If you own a mouse, you have to play this game. No Install. Play for free.
PanzerRush:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/yankees-red-sox-bloom-story-houck-king-53beebf67e6c8832b62dfae9ffb2e36c 
 ----- 
