Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
LIVE
Death toll in raging LA wildfires continues to rise as blaze tears through city
MLB
Yankees waste another solid Michael King start in loss to Red Sox
By Greg Joyce
Published Sep. 14, 2023, 4:54 p.m. ET
60
EXPLORE MORE
Yankees fans who mauled Mookie Betts at World Series banned from all MLB stadiums indefinitely
Why this spring could be the last chance for this pair of Yankees infielders
Yankees, Mark Leiter Jr. can’t reach deal with arbitration looming

BOSTON — For the most part, pitch counts have done a better job of slowing down Michael King’s audition as a starter than opposing lineups.

But the Yankees’ right-hander continues to make a case for cracking the rotation full-time next season.

Making his fifth straight start on Thursday afternoon, King was solid once again, giving up one run across 4 ²/₃ innings, though he got no support as the Yankees fell to the Red Sox 5-0 in the first game of a split doubleheader at Fenway Park.

King was not quite as efficient as he had been lately, but struck out eight and gave up one walk and six hits while building his pitch count up to a career-high 87.

Over his past five starts — the last four of them coming on a regular starter’s rest — King has given up just three earned runs across 21 ¹/₃ innings (1.27 ERA) with 29 strikeouts and four walks.

Depending on what moves the Yankees make this offseason, King could have a shot to continue starting next season.

3
Michael King’s audition for a starting role next season continues to go well.
Getty Images

“Probably technically to be determined, but I think we all believe he could be a starter,” manager Aaron Boone said. “I think he’s probably, in a lot of ways, confirming that in what we’re seeing as he continues to build up here these last few weeks.

“We’ll see where the next few weeks take us. We’ll see where the winter takes us and how we look going into next season. But right now, he’s putting himself in that starter mix.”

King should be close to fully built up for his next start next week. He lines up to have three starts left this season, which will likely allow him to surpass the 100-inning and 100-pitch thresholds.

3
Gleyber Torres #25 of the New York Yankees turns a double play over sliding Trevor Story #10 of the Boston Red Sox.
Getty Images

“I’ve been feeling great,” King said. “It’s nice to be on that [five-day] routine. I think that’s the main part of my body recovery that I missed out of the bullpen.”

The Red Sox only got to King in the first inning with a trio of singles — two of them hit weakly, but well-placed to make it a 1-0 game.

They doubled the lead in the seventh inning, when rookie Ceddanne Rafaela sliced a Pesky Pole home run off Greg Weissert, before Trevor Story hit a three-run shot off Matt Bowman in the eighth.

3
Yankees designated hitter Aaron Judge (99) bats against the against the Boston Red Sox.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

Entering the nightcap, the Red Sox (74-72) inched back ahead of the Yankees (73-73) for sole possession of fourth place in the AL East.

The Yankees had their chances to take Game 1 but went 0-for-10 with runners in scoring position.

That included Aaron Judge (0-for-4) leaving four men on base and Everson Pereira (0-for-4) leaving five men on.

60

What do you think? Post a comment.

Pereira struck out twice, lowering his OPS to .427 with 31 strikeouts in 79 plate appearances since making his debut in August.

“That pitch he’s getting within the course of an at-bat, it’s a foul ball or swinging through it,” Boone said. “Those are the pitches you gotta take advantage of. That’s the separator from having success here and not.”

FILED UNDER BOSTON RED SOX  MICHAEL KING  NEW YORK YANKEES  9/14/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/14/yankees-waste-another-solid-michael-king-outing/ 
 ----- 
