MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Red Sox fire chief baseball officer Chaim Bloom after 4 seasons: Who fills the role and what’s next?
By Jen McCaffrey
Sep 14, 2023

389

BOSTON — The Boston Red Sox fired chief baseball officer Chaim Bloom on Thursday, an hour before the first pitch of a doubleheader against the New York Yankees, the team announced.

Under Bloom, who was hired ahead of the 2020 season, the Red Sox consistently underperformed at the big-league level, missing the postseason two of the last three years. The 2021 season, in which the team reached the American League Championship Series, served as the lone outlier. Boston is on track to miss the playoffs again this season. Entering Thursday, the Red Sox were 73-72, 18 games behind the AL East-leading Baltimore Orioles and 7 1/2 games out of the wild card with 17 games to play.

“While parting ways is not taken lightly, today signals a new direction for our club,” principal owner John Henry said in a statement. “Our organization has significant expectations on the field and while Chaim’s efforts in revitalizing our baseball infrastructure have helped set the stage for the future, we will today begin a search for new leadership.

“Everyone who knows Chaim has a deep appreciation and respect for the kind of person he is. His time with us will always be marked by his professionalism, integrity, and an unwavering respect for our club and its legacy.”

Bloom thanked the organization and fans, saying he gave the team everything he had and “never took a second for granted.”

“Great things are now in store for the Red Sox,” Bloom said in a statement Friday. “And while I’m sad that I won’t be watching them from the same chair, I will still be very proud.

“Red Sox fans, you are the best. Your passion fueled me daily, and added meaning to everything I’ve done here. You very much deserve more championships. And you will get them.”

GO DEEPER

With Chaim Bloom fired and plenty of blame to pass around, Red Sox are at a crossroads

Though Bloom helped rebuild the farm system from a bottom-10 system to a top-10 system, per several publications, the on-field product at the major-league level never reached its full potential. The defining move of Bloom’s tenure remains the February 2020 trade of Mookie Betts to the Los Angeles Dodgers, a move for which the team is still answering questions.

The Betts trade, in addition to the downward direction of the club with so many last-place finishes, was the source of significant frustration within the fanbase, leading to lagging attendance numbers.

“We need to be competitive, we need to be playing for a postseason spot, playing meaningful games in September and playing baseball in October,” CEO Sam Kennedy said in a meeting with reporters ahead of Thursday’s first game. “This is a really painful day for a lot of reasons, especially the personal side of it. And there’s blame to go around. There’s blame on me, our ownership. The on-field staff deserves blame. I’m sure some of the players would say they haven’t performed up to expectations.

“We all fell short of our collective goals. There’s a lot of blame to go around. It’s a really tough business. We felt we needed to make significant changes with these two positions, and that’s what we’ve done.”

GO DEEPER

Chaim Bloom's Red Sox tenure was doomed from the start with Mookie Betts deal: McCullough

In addition to Bloom’s firing, general manager Brian O’Halloran was offered a new senior leadership position within the baseball operations department, effectively ending his tenure as general manager. O’Halloran, who has been with the organization since 2002, has not yet accepted his new position.

The search for new baseball operations leadership will begin immediately. In the interim, the day-to-day operations will continue under the direction of O’Halloran, if he remains, and assistant general managers Eddie Romero, Raquel Ferreira and Michael Groopman.

Kennedy said Bloom and O’Halloran were informed of the decisions earlier Thursday morning. Kennedy also noted as the search begins that ownership has not determined if there will be one or two hires or how the structure or title of the role will look.

Kennedy ruled out former Red Sox and Chicago Cubs GM Theo Epstein as a candidate for the job.

As far as how the new front office hire would affect the manager and coaches’ roles, Kennedy avoided details.

“There’s a lot that has to improve and that includes our on-field staff,” Kennedy said. “So the baseball operations leadership will come in with a mandate to run the department — all aspects of the department.”

GO DEEPER

Law: Who leads the Red Sox next won't matter if the team refuses to spend

When pressed further on if he expects manager Alex Cora to return next season, Kennedy said, “I do, yeah. I do. But again, today is about a change in the front office.”

Cora’s name has been floated as a potential GM candidate, but Kennedy wouldn’t discuss specifics.

“I’m not going to talk about anything in terms of speculation with candidates but we’ll begin that process immediately,” he said.

Required reading
An incomplete task: Chaim Bloom’s Red Sox tenure ends with work yet to be done
Fired Chaim Bloom bears blame for product but ownership also out of touch: Buckley

(Photo: Bob DeChiara / USA Today)

Jen McCaffrey is a staff writer for The Athletic covering the Boston Red Sox. Prior to joining The Athletic, the Syracuse graduate spent four years as a Red Sox reporter for MassLive.com and three years as a sports reporter for the Cape Cod Times. Follow Jen on Twitter @jcmccaffrey

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4863565/2023/09/14/red-sox-fire-chaim-bloom/ 
 ----- 
