EPL

Transfer News
Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
The art of publicly criticising players: Why do managers do it and does it ever work?
By Nick Miller
Sep 14, 2023

71

On the face of things, it was a relatively innocuous remark.

Erik ten Hag was asked why Jadon Sancho was not in the matchday squad for Manchester United’s 3-1 defeat to Arsenal at the start of this month, to which he responded that it was down to the winger’s performances in training. “You have to reach a level every day at Manchester United,” said Ten Hag, to which Sancho responded via social media by claiming he had been made a “scapegoat”, mysteriously hinting at other reasons for his omission.

One way to look at things is Ten Hag was simply answering a question honestly and straightforwardly. Another is that the United manager saw a passing bus and chose to throw Sancho under it, that he could quite easily have fobbed the question off with benign platitudes and avoided potentially alienating one of his squad.

GO DEEPER

Sancho, Ten Hag and a relationship breakdown that left Man Utd prepared to sell

It does raise the question: is it ever justified for a manager to single out an individual player for public criticism? What purpose does it serve? Is it just the boss lashing out in frustration, or is there a more deliberate purpose to it all? Does it actually work?

Sir Alex Ferguson famously never criticised his Manchester United players in public… even though he actually did so on several occasions, usually for off-pitch behaviour he wasn’t happy with: see David Beckham missing training to look after his children, Cristiano Ronaldo pushing for a move to Real Madrid in 2009 and Wayne Rooney’s intermittent attempts to leave the club in the early 2010s.

But even if Ferguson’s commitment to this principle was slightly flexible, there’s a clear reason why singling out a player is a footballing no-no: it could essentially ruin the relationship not just with that player, but the dressing room as a whole.

Take one of the more notorious examples of this, when Harry Redknapp hung Darren Bent out to dry over a missed chance in a game between his Tottenham Hotspur side and Portsmouth in 2009, declaring, “My missus would’ve scored that.”

	Harry Redknapp regretted his comments about Darren Bent (Mike Egerton – PA Images via Getty Images)

While both men have since said they “laugh about it” now, it clearly had a pretty significant impact on Bent. “That was just Harry being Harry, but it was still frustrating,“ the former England striker told FourFourTwo magazine in 2021. ”While I know he didn’t mean anything malicious by it, people talk about it – we’re talking about it again now and it happened more than 10 years ago.”

It is worth pointing out that Bent scored twice in his next game, so you could just about construct an argument that it served as a successful motivational tactic. But he left Spurs at the end of that season and said his time there was “the worst two years of my career”.

Redknapp did admit later that he regretted the way he handled it, but it’s not the only example of him doing something similar. When he was at Queens Park Rangers and managed the mercurial Adel Taarabt, Redknapp was scathing about the Moroccan’s fitness, commenting about a reserve game that, “I could have run about more than he did”.

Most of the people — players, managers and coaches — The Athletic spoke to for this article couldn’t defend the idea of digging out a player to the media. As one former Premier League manager, who remains anonymous to protect his current position, put it: “I did it once — by mistake. I said, ‘Well, you’d better speak to them’ and referred to a couple of our defenders when a journalist asked me why we had conceded some goals. I knew straight away what I’d done, and I apologised to the players later.”

Mark Viduka was in a similar situation at Leeds United in 2004. Leeds’ then manager Peter Reid dropped the striker from a crucial game at Portsmouth and went public as to why, citing a training-ground disagreement.

“As a manager, once you start doing that, you start losing the players,” says Viduka. “Because you know, when the shit hits the fan, the manager isn’t going to stick by the squad.

“It’s fine criticising within the confines of the dressing room, but when you start doing things like that, pointing fingers… it’s hard to go back.”

Dan Abrahams is a sports psychologist who has worked with many footballers who have found themselves in this situation.

“It was a diminishing of trust,” Abrahams says about one such incidence, while not naming those involved for obvious reasons. “It didn’t diminish this player’s confidence — although it can do — but it did impact the relationship and trust they had with the manager.

“If the relationship was eight out of 10 before, it then became five out of 10. This was a reasonably socially and emotionally intelligent player: he understood what the manager was trying to do, but he wasn’t happy. To even the hardiest person, being called out on national TV isn’t the nicest.”

Another former Premier League player to whom this happened, who also remains anonymous to protect his relationships, called it “cowardly”, believed he was being made a “scapegoat” for the team’s poor results and said his motivation to play for that manager essentially disappeared.

For some managers, ripping into their players in public is fairly routine. Jose Mourinho, for example. Take Tanguy Ndombele, whose poor performance for Tottenham against Burnley in a 2020 fixture prompted Mourinho to say: “In the first half we didn’t have a midfield… a player with his potential has to give us more than he is giving us.”

Or Luke Shaw, of whom Mourinho claimed he had “made every decision for” in a game for Manchester United against Everton in 2017, saying the left-back “had a good performance but it was his body, my brain.” That was arguably kind in comparison to a game against Swansea later that season, when Mourinho appeared to question whether an injury that forced Shaw off was genuine. Shaw ended up missing the rest of the campaign, and said with considerable understatement a few years later that he and Mourinho “didn’t get on”.

So why do managers do it? What purpose does it serve?

“Sometimes managers might use it as a tool to assert authority,” says former Arsenal, West Ham and England centre-back Matt Upson. “To send a message to the rest of the team that says, ‘I’m happy to openly criticise that player, who you might think is the best in the team’. To indicate that nobody is free from criticism if they’re not doing what they need to be doing.”

Often there’s no real broad purpose, it’s just a manifestation of a person’s defence mechanism kicking in.

“A lot of the time it will come from the managers under pressure, to avoid people pointing the finger at them,” says Chris Cohen, who was Nathan Jones’ assistant at both Luton Town and Southampton.

“I’ve seen what external people saying about players can do to them, never mind the manager. It can really demoralise them.”

Something along these lines occurred at the recent Women’s World Cup when Republic of Ireland manager Vera Pauw suggested captain Katie McCabe had asked for a team-mate, Sinead Farrelly, to be substituted during a 0-0 draw with Nigeria in their final group match. The result meant Ireland finished bottom of their group and it felt strange that Pauw, already under significant pressure following an investigation from The Athletic about how she treated her players, chose that moment to not-so-subtly imply insubordination from McCabe.

The Arsenal player didn’t immediately respond to Pauw, although she did tweet the ‘zipped mouth’ emoji.

“It’s just a deflection tactic,” says Viduka. “It happens all the time, that sort of stuff, where managers just deflect from themselves. Because it’s not easy to be criticised, especially when it’s that intense.

“Footballers are criticised non-stop, which is part and parcel of the game. But when you see a manager make a deliberate attempt to deflect from themselves, it shows they’re weak as people.”

Cohen agrees that there is usually very little value in doing something like this, but does present some scenarios where it might work.

“I struggle to see any benefit,” he says. “The one thing might be if a player went against the principles of the manager or the club — maybe a work-rate thing. Maybe a manager might think it would be more important for the other players to see him be strong for the group than if he lost an individual. But why you couldn’t do that internally, I’m not sure.

“The only times where I think it might not impact a player is if they’re really close to the manager. If that player knows, because of the amount of trust they’ve built, that they had that bond and he’s driving them on to be better, then potentially to the right player with the right mentality it might spur them on. But again, I’m not sure where the public side of that would come in.”

Abraham adds that there might be scenarios where, if such a high level of trust exists, you could use something like this as a sort of false-flag operation, to suggest to the opposition that your camp is in disarray, when in fact you know it isn’t.

“If you’re a coach who’s been there for a long time,” he says, “and you’ve developed a close relationship with your players over the years, then maybe — and even then it’s a maybe — it could work. But I’m struggling to think why it would be good practice.”

Sometimes, it does work. Early in his 2004-05 debut season as Chelsea manager, Mourinho famously tore into Joe Cole immediately after he had scored their winner against Liverpool, saying: “When he scored, the game finished for him. After that, I needed 11 players for my defensive organisation and I had just 10… I think he has two faces — one beautiful and one I don’t like. He must keep one and change the other one.”

Cole became a key part of the Chelsea team that went on to win the Premier League the following spring, particularly in the second half of that season, and years later told BT Sport: “I felt that was him thinking three steps ahead… maybe this was his way of giving me a bit of a smack. He constantly pushed me, and at that time I had bought into his image and I was so desperate to please him, I would literally have done anything. I think that was the genius of him, he knew what I needed.”

“If you criticise a player who’s just scored the winner, it has a fraction of the impact on one who’s had a bad game,” says Upson. “Mourinho knew he could make those statements and apply a bit of pressure to Cole. It won’t be a negative, because he’s just scored the winner, he’s had a good attacking game, but you know that if you want to be a success in the modern game you can’t just be an attacking player, you have to have everything.”

You wonder how things will pan out with Ten Hag and Sancho.

Will this be the beginning of the end of their relationship? Will Sancho be spurred on by Ten Hag’s words? Will anything happen at all?

Who knows.

But if it was a deliberate tactic by a manager to inspire an underperforming player, then it was a high-risk one.

“It’s just the same as anyone,” says Viduka. “If your boss, who is maybe under pressure from someone higher, starts saying, ‘No, it wasn’t me, it was them who stuffed up’, next time you think, ‘I don’t want to be in the trenches with this guy’.”

(Top photos: Getty Images)

Nick Miller is a football writer for the Athletic and the Totally Football Show. He previously worked as a freelancer for the Guardian, ESPN and Eurosport, plus anyone else who would have him.

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4859379/2023/09/14/managers-criticise-players-public/ 
 ----- 
