MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Joey Votto’s place in Reds history and more tidbits
By C. Trent Rosecrans
Aug 27, 2024

36

When Joey Votto debuted, he was on the same team as Ken Griffey Jr., who had been with the Cincinnati Reds since 2000. That meant the Reds had either Votto or Griffey on their roster since 2000.

Because baseball is all about passing things on, I started on something of a Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon project earlier this year, seeing how few players I could use to make an unbroken string of seasons spanning from last season back to 1890, when the Reds joined the National League.

In the end, I made it from Bid McPhee, whose first year was 1882 when the Reds were in the American Association, to 2023 in just 15 players (and it could’ve been 14 had Pete Rose not gone to Philadelphia).

Of those, 15 players, seven are in the Hall of Fame and four were from Cincinnati. Here’s the list I came up with:

• Joey Votto (2007-2023)
• Ken Griffey Jr. (2000-2008)
• Barry Larkin (1986-2004)
• Dave Concepcion (1970-1988)
• Pete Rose (1962-1978, 1984-1986)
• Frank Robinson (1956-1965)
• Ted Kluszewski (1947-1957)
• Bucky Walters (1938-1948)
• Ernie Lombardi (1932-1941)
• Eppa Rixey (1921-1933)
• Greasy Neale (1916-1920, 1921-1922, 1924)
• Tommy Clarke (1909-1917)
• Miller Huggins (1904-1909)
• Tommy Corcoran (1897-1906)
• Bid McPhee (1882-1899)

So, the question now becomes who is that bridge to the future?

Is it Elly De La Cruz? Matt McLain will likely miss all of this year, which would be a disqualification at least in how I did this, requiring a player to at least appear in one game that season to count. Perhaps it’s one of the pitchers, Hunter Greene or Nick Lodolo or Andrew Abbott. A sneaky one? Spencer Steer.

What does any of this mean? Nothing, really, it’s just a fun exercise for a time of the season where not much seems fun.

Votto’s final spots

The Reds, as implied above, have a long history with many great players. Votto will go down as one of the greatest, including Hall of Famers Barry Larkin and Johnny Bench, who, like Votto, only played for the Reds.

Here’s where Votto stands in the Reds’ record books:

• Games played, fifth (2,056)
• Runs, third (1,171)
• Hits, fourth (2,135)
• Doubles, second (459)
• Home runs, second (356)
• RBIs, third (1,144)
• OPS, second (.920)
• Extra-base hits, second (837)
• Total bases, second (3,706)
• Walks, first (1,365)
• Intentional walks, first (147)
• On base (hits, walks, hit by pitch), second (3,581)
• Opening Day appearances, fourth (14)

He also has, unsurprisingly, the most hits (1,027) and home runs (197) at Great American Ball Park, the most all-time games played by a Canadian in MLB history (2,056) and the second-most hits and home runs by a Canadian in MLB history.

The Hall case

This may be one of those things that I’m too close to as both someone who covered Joey Votto for years and as not only a Hall of Fame voter, but also someone interested in the process. But I was shocked at the Votto Hall of Fame debate when he announced his retirement.

Listen, Votto is going to get into Cooperstown. I have zero doubt about it. I have voted for the Hall of Fame in each of the last 10 years and I will likely be voting again for the 11th this year and my 15th around Thanksgiving of 2028 when my ballot with Votto’s name is scheduled to arrive in my mailbox. When it does, I will gladly check off Votto’s name.

One of the most common complaints (and I’ve heard them all) from non-voters about Hall of Fame voting is that stats don’t change after a player retires, so why is a player not worthy one year, but then worthy later?

There are plenty of reasons, one of which is that voters are limited to 10 votes. For many years, this was an issue — and to an extent still is — because of the backlog created by players with either PED suspensions or suspicions. I’ve always voted for Barry Bonds, Roger Clemens and others. I’ll likely still be voting for Alex Rodriguez when he’s alongside Votto on the ballot in five years. But one of the most overlooked reasons is that since the Hall of Fame instituted a rule (and all the voting rules are instituted by the Hall of Fame, not the Baseball Writers Association of America) that has been in effect since 2015, voting is limited to only writers who have been active BBWAA members in the previous 10 years. That means while the stats don’t change, those voting do.

At this point, I’m middle-aged in terms of voters (at best). In five years, I’m going to be part of the older generation, especially as our industry gets younger and fewer people stick around longer. While I grew up on batting average and RBIs, I no longer look solely at those numbers to judge performance, instead taking into account many factors other than the traditional counting stats. The game has done that as well, prioritizing a more holistic look at player performance when deciding upon the Hall of Fame.

My first article at The Athletic was about Joey Votto and his specific case, which even coming off a second-place MVP finish, still had question marks. Those were erased once Votto got to 2,000 hits, as the great Jayson Stark and I wrote on that occasion.

Will he make it on the first ballot? I’m not sure about that, but I always kind of dismiss first-ballot talk. To me, it’s a lot like that old joke — what do you call the person who graduated last in their class in medical school? Doctor.

Regardless of when or what percentage vote, Joey Votto will one day be Joey Votto HOF (and, because it’s Votto, I won’t dismiss the possibility of him adding either M.D. or Ph.D. to the end of that autograph).

More Baseball-Reference fun

There are few things (as evidenced above) that I love more than a Baseball-Reference deep dive. While writing, I noticed something that may only be of interest to me, but then saw something from Baseball-Reference’s X account that was also fun.

First, I was looking up something for Votto’s debut. That was Sept. 4, 2007, and he was a pinch-hitter. He struck out. The next day he started (and batted eighth) and hit a home run in his first at-bat of the day for his first big-league hit. Well, that same day Barry Bonds hit his 762nd and final home run.

Secondly, Baseball-Reference noted that Sunday was the first time they could find that a pair of brothers each surrendered a walk-off home run on the same day, with the Reds’ Alexis Díaz giving up a walkoff to Yasmani Grandal and the New York Mets’ Edwin Díaz surrendering a home run to the San Diego Padres’ Jackson Merrill.

Yesterday was the first time in our database that a pair of brothers, Edwin and Alexis Díaz, gave up a walk-off HR on the same day🤯 https://t.co/ZT9aLCVPCR pic.twitter.com/l4E0DoX9Zb

— Baseball Reference (@baseball_ref) August 26, 2024

The week that was

The additions of Julian Aguiar, Amed Rosario, Dominic Smith and Casey Kelly to the roster since last week say a lot about where the Reds sit. They’re trying to find players to finish out the season. Saturday, Aguiar earned his first career win and Kelly his first career save. Aguiar was the team’s minor league pitcher of the year in 2023 and would have had to be added to the team’s 40-man roster this offseason to keep him from being Rule 5 draft-eligible, making his promotion a no-brainer at this point. The Reds took two of three from the Toronto Blue Jays before dropping three of four to the Pittsburgh Pirates, pushing the team to within a half-game of last place in the National League Central, ahead of the Pirates and two games behind the Cubs.

The week ahead

The Reds return Tuesday for their penultimate homestand, with 10 games including a doubleheader Friday against the Milwaukee Brewers. The Oakland Athletics come to Great American Ball Park Tuesday through Thursday before the Brewers come for four games in three days.

Injury updates

• RHP Hunter Greene (right elbow soreness) has gotten multiple opinions on the MRI results, with all in agreement that there is no damage to his ulnar collateral ligament.

• LHP Andrew Abbott (left shoulder strain) was placed on the IL Friday, retroactive to Tuesday. Reds manager David Bell told reporters that the strain was not a major injury and he was hopeful that Abbott could return this season.

• OF Jake Fraley (right knee sprain) was placed on the IL Thursday after being scratched from the lineup the day before.

• LHP Brent Suter (partial tear of left teres major muscle) has made two rehab appearances for Triple-A Louisville, allowing an earned run on six hits over 2 2/3 innings with two strikeouts. He’s scheduled to make at least one more appearance before being activated. He has yet to throw in back-to-back games.

• LHP Brandon Williamson (left shoulder strain) is scheduled to start for Triple-A Louisville on Tuesday in his first rehab appearance.

Minor League Roundup

• Triple-A Louisville (57-67): RHP Rhett Lowder made his Triple-A debut Thursday, throwing six shutout innings, allowing three hits and striking out seven, hitting a batter and walking none. He threw 83 pitches, 54 strikes.

• Double-A Chattanooga (39-80): Tyler Callihan has been one of the few bright spots for the Lookouts this year and he added to that Sunday, hitting a one-out double in the ninth inning of Sunday’s game against Mississippi to break up a combined no-hitter bid. Earlier in the game, he extended his on-base streak to 26 games. On the season, he’s hitting .271/.347/.410 with seven homers in 63 games (and 263 plate appearances).

• High-A Dayton (69-51): Cam Collier hit three homers in the Dragons victory Friday and another Saturday to give him 19 on the season.

When history repeats itself 🐲 🐲 ….

Cam Collier is only the second Dragons player in history to score three home runs in a single game at the ballpark. #feelthefire pic.twitter.com/UTIUsKp7SI

— Dayton Dragons (@DragonsBaseball) August 24, 2024

On the season, the 19-year-old is hitting .256/.361/.454 in his second full season in pro baseball. Since the Reds took him as a 17-year-old out of junior college, Collier has had just eight plate appearances as a pro against a pitcher younger than him and 950 against older pitchers. In those eight plate appearances against younger pitchers, he’s gone 3-for-5 with two doubles and a walk and has been hit twice. He’s only had two plate appearances against younger pitchers this year, with a double and a hit by pitch.

• Low-A Daytona (59-58): Reds 17th-round pick RHP Trent Hodgdon picked up a save in his pro debut Friday, allowing a hit and two walks while striking out two in two scoreless innings.

(Photo of Joey Votto in 2023: Sam Greene / The Enquirer / USA Today)

C. Trent Rosecrans is a senior writer for The Athletic covering the Cincinnati Reds and Major League Baseball. He previously covered the Reds for the Cincinnati Enquirer and the Cincinnati Post and has also covered Major League Baseball for CBSSports.com. Follow C. Trent on Twitter @ctrent

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5725194/2024/08/27/c-notes-joey-vottos-place-in-reds-history/ 
 ----- 
