Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Robertson reaching elite company for K's by a reliever
Share
Robertson reaching elite company for K's by a reliever
August 25th, 2024

Kennedi Landry

@kennlandry
Share

0:00

0:21

This story was excerpted from Kennedi Landry’s Rangers Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

CLEVELAND -- When David Robertson tied Hall of Famer Trevor Hoffman for No. 13 on MLB’s all-time relief strikeout leaderboard, he was almost unfazed by it.

“I’m chasing down the next guy,” Robertson said on Friday, ahead of the Rangers’ series opener against the Guardians. “That next guy is the one I’m after.”

The next guy just happened to be another Hall of Famer and a former Yankees teammate of Robertson’s: Mariano Rivera. He caught up to Rivera pretty quickly too, notching two strikeouts in a scoreless eighth inning in the Rangers’ 5-3 win, which brought him to 1,135 K's in relief in his 16-year big league career.

Robertson also has one strikeout as an opener, in the lone start of his career in 2021 with the Rays.

“It’s pretty cool,” Robertson said. “Yeah, it’s pretty cool. I honestly didn't think I'd be here. I didn't think I'd be playing after years ago. So I feel like getting to 1,000 strikeouts was a big deal for me last year, and then just kind of kept piling them on and trying to repeat what I was doing at age 27 now at age 39, so ... it's been good.”

But passing Rivera was maybe even cooler for Robertson.

“For six years, I set him up for 500 [strikeouts], 600 too,” Robertson joked. “It was me throwing all those innings before him. I set up the Hall of Fame career, man. It was me who got him in there. He just had to get a few outs at the end. No, no, it's him. Listen, it was obviously an incredible career for him. But, I mean, this is like the only stat I can catch him in. Well, walks. I’m sure I beat him in that one already.”

Of his 1,136 strikeouts, Robertson has punched out 587 batters. Of those batters, he’s struck out Chris Davis the most (11 times), with Adam Jones falling right behind Davis with 10 strikeouts. Robertson has not struck out anybody else more than eight times.

When asked about his favorite strikeout, Robertson instead began listing guys he couldn’t strike out.

Related
Here's what Joc brings to Rangers' table

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Rangers trade Festa to Cubs for cash

January 9th, 2025

Do these 11 'old guy' FAs have something left in the tank?

December 17th, 2024

Robertson passes former HOF teammate Rivera on all-time reliever K list

August 29th, 2024

D-Rob's day (again): K's of Dodgers' star trio key win

June 14th, 2024

“I don't know how many times I faced [Dustin] Pedroia, but I never struck him out," Robertson said. "Jim Thome and those kinda guys [were tough too]."

Robertson actually struck Pedroia out three times in 26 plate appearances, while he got Thome once in three plate appearances.

“I faced Ken Griffey Jr. at Old Yankee Stadium and I should've gotten him out, but I was scared to death,” Robertson joked, while shaking. “He took that beautiful swing and hit it off the end of the bat right to me. It was like a soft knuckleball, and I was panicking like a frightened child. I knocked it down and he beat it out for a single.”

It’s amazing that a guy like Robertson has made it this far in his career. A 17th-round pick in 2006 by the Yankees out of the University of Alabama, Robertson even spent a year and a half out of Major League Baseball recovering from Tommy John surgery in 2020-21.

Robertson was a 2009 World Series champion with New York, was an All-Star in '11, won an Olympic silver medal (Tokyo 2020) and now has a place in history among some of the best pitchers in all of baseball.

“It is amazing,” said manager Bruce Bochy. “When you look at David, at 39 and how he's throwing the ball, how he's still competing to be in that area with, with one of greatest closers of all time, just tells you that he's going to go down as one of the better high-leverage guys at pitching the game.

“With his longevity and how well he's performed, I'm impressed by him and what he can still do, and the demand he has and stuff that he has. It doesn't look like he's slowing down either. He just bounces around like he's 20 years old. He's been our fireman.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Texas Rangers
David Robertson

Kennedi Landry covers the Rangers for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/david-robertson-among-hall-of-fame-legends-in-k-s-by-reliever 
 ----- 
