INDIA TODAY
AAJ TAK
GNTTV
LALLANTOP
BUSINESS TODAY
BANGLA
MALAYALAM
NORTHEAST
BT BAZAAR
HARPER'S BAZAAR
SPORTS TAK
CRIME TAK
ASTRO TAK
GAMING
BRIDES TODAY
COSMOPOLITAN
KISAN TAK
ISHQ FM
INDIA TODAY HINDI
READER’S DIGEST
AAJ TAK CAMPUS
Magazine
LIVE
Live TV
Search
SIGN IN
Edition
IN
Subscribe
Home
TV
Live TV
Primetime
Elections
Delhi
Maharashtra
Jharkhand
Magazine
Latest Edition
Insight
Best Colleges
Life+Style
India
South
Global
Business
All Sports
Sports Today
Cricket
Football
Tennis
Technology
Entertainment
Showbuzz
Bollywood
Hollywood
OTT
Latest Reviews
Newspresso
Specials
Podcasts
First Things Fast
Sunday Special
History of It
NewsMo
DIU
Interactives
Opinion
Games
Videos
Short Videos
Fact Check
Other News
Education
It's Viral
Science
Health
Auto
Law Today
Environment
Cities
Weather
Web Stories
Horoscopes
DOWNLOAD APP
Follow Us On:
NewsSportsFootballWorld Cup Qualifiers: Qatar snap India's 15-game unbeaten run at home with 3-0 win
FIFA World Cup Qualifiers: Qatar snap India's 15-game unbeaten run at home with 3-0 win
India's 15-game unbeaten home run came to an end at the hands of Qatar, who handed them a 3-0 loss in their FIFA World Cup 2026 Qualifier match on November 21. Despite some big chances, India failed to capitalize and trouble the reigning Asian champions.

Listen to Story

Share
ADVERTISEMENT
India's home run came to an end at hands of Qatar (Courtesy: Indian football Twitter)
Alan Jose John
New Delhi,UPDATED: Nov 21, 2023 21:02 IST
In Short
India's unbeaten home run came to an end at the hands of Qatar
Moustafa Mashal, Almoez Ali and Yousuf Abdurisag were on the scoresheet for the visitors
India's next opponents will be Afghanistan in their third group game on March 21, 2024

India's 15-game unbeaten run at home came to an end at the hands of Qatar, who defeated Igor Stimac's men 3-0 in Bhubaneswar in the FIFA World Cup Qualifiers on November 21.

Moustafa Mashal, Almoez Ali and Yousuf Abdurisag were on the scoresheet for the visitors as Igor Stimac and his men were given a reality check.

India were hoping for a strong start in the game but things didn't go according to plan right from the start. A mistake by Amrinder opened the door for a chance to Akram Afif, but his shot was well wide. However, Qatar would soon take the lead after the Indian defence was in complete disarray.

ADVERTISEMENT
MUST READ

Air India launches Wi-Fi service on select domestic flights. Check details

TRENDING TOPICS:
Border-Gavaskar Trophy
New Year 2025
Delhi Election

The attempt to clear the ball from a corner wasn't done well by the defense before Mashal slotted it past Amrinder into the net in the fourth minute. The first quarter of the game saw complete domination from the visitors as they kept creating chances and increasing the corner count.

Afif was the main troublemaker for the Indian defenders as he used his speed to get past.

Amrinder once again gave away the ball, before Jhingan made a valuable block to prevent the visitors from making it 2-0. The Indian goalkeeper, who was selected ahead of Gurinder Sandhu, would then make a stunning save to deny a chance for Qatar. The winger would slip past his marker and would go on a solo run towards goal, but his shot was saved by Amrinder.

The Indian shotstopper was called into action yet again in the 32nd minute as he denied Mashal from doubling his and Qatar's tally. India would slowly get into the game and started creating chances in the final 10 minutes of the game.

A brilliant play from Anirudh Thapa would see him set up Apuia, whose shot blazed over the cross bar. A few minutes later, Thapa would get the best chance for India to level things up, set up by Sunil Chhetri. The Indian skipper's constant pressure forced a rare mistake from the Qatar defenders and the ball was setup nicely into the path of Thapa.

However, the Indian midfielder's shot was well-wide as the first half ended with Qatar holding on to their slender lead.

However, the second half began in horrible fashion for India as they would concede within minutes of the restart. Khouki's ball into the box produced a shot from Afif, which was saved by Amrinder. However, the Indian goalkeeper couldn't keep hold of the ball and Almoez Ali would bundle it into the back of the net in the 47th minute.

Qatar would continue to apply the pressure and India would sit back to soak it in by crowding the box and hoping for a counter. In the 65th minute, Sahal, who had come on as a substitute, would get another great chance with nearly his first touch.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Indian midfielder had raced into the box after a great ball from Suresh, but his shot was well-wide.

Both teams would ring in the changes and Muntari would almost make it 3-0 in the 78th minute but his shot missed the target. Chhetri and Chhangte were subbed off in the 84th minute before Qatar settled the game, two minutes later, through Abdurisag.

The cross from Waad found the unmarked Qatar player who would easily fend off Rahul Bheke to make it a memorable win for the visitors and continue their winning run in the group. India's next opponents will be Afghanistan in their third group game on March 21, 2024. 

Published By:
alan john
Published On:
Nov 21, 2023
Read More: | Premier League: British MP lan Byrne takes Everton's 10-point deduction to parliament
MUST WATCH
Watch Live TV
Follow Us On:
TRENDING TOPICS
Mufasa The Lion King Review
Ambedkar Row
Delhi AQI
Mumbai Boat Accident
LATEST
Horoscope Today
DOWNLOAD APP
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ARCHIVES
Copyright © 2025 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatoday.in/sports/football/story/india-vs-qatar-fifa-world-cup-2026-qualifiers-sunil-chhetri-sandesh-jhingan-igor-stimac-bhubaneswar-2465894-2023-11-21 
 ----- 
