FRIDAY, JANUARY 03, 2025
ENGLISH
हिन्दी
SIGN IN
VIDEOS
INDIA
WORLD
YEARENDER
ENTERTAINMENT
SPORTS
TECH
EXPLAINER
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS
HEALTH
Advertisement
YOU ARE AT:
News
Sports
Football
FIFA World Cup 2026 Qualifiers: Qatar thrash India to record 3-0 win in crucial game in Bhubaneshwar
FIFA World Cup 2026 Qualifiers: Qatar thrash India to record 3-0 win in crucial game in Bhubaneshwar
India's wait for the maiden win against Qatar continues as the Asian Champions registered their biggest win against the Blue Tigers in their second FIFA World Cup 2026 Qualifiers match at Kalinga Stadium.
Written By: Sumeet Kavthale 
@sumeetkavthale
New Delhi
Published : Nov 21, 2023 21:02 IST, Updated : Nov 21, 2023 21:30 IST
Follow us on 
Image Source : AIFF
India vs Qatar World Cup Qualifier on November 21, 2023

Qatar proved their superiority and higher ranking with an easy 0-3 win against India in their second FIFA World Cup 2026 Round 2 Qualifier game on Tuesday, November 21. A defeat also produced India's first international defeat at home in 2023 and first loss in the crucial qualifiers. 

Ranked 61st in the men's team standings, Qatar dominated in every department from the very first-minute strike from Akram Afif. Moustafa Mashal, the star forward Almoez Ali and substitute winger Yousuf Abdurisag were on the target for the visiting team at Bhubaneshwar's Kalinga Stadium.

Qatar entered the game after their 8-1 thrashing against Afghanistan in the opening game of the Round 2 Group A. India also registered a 1-0 victory against Kuwait in their first match but were no match against Qatar despite having a home advantage.

India head coach Igor Stimac started without a star midfielder Sahal Abdul Samad and the no.1 Gurpreet Singh Sandhu, who famously turned out as a hero when both teams last faced each other. 

Akram Afif ran the show in the first half with bein consistent threat down the left side. He missed an easy opportunity to score the goal in the opening minute but kept finding gaps in the final third. Qatar's opening goal came from a corner after Udanta Singh's poor clearance at the edge of the outside box. Mustafa Mashal thumped his effort past the Indian defence to give his side a lead in the fourth minute.

Qatar recorded eight corners in the first 35 minutes but India enjoyed some possession in the final ten minutes. Star midfielder Anirudh Thapa created the first chance with sharp dribbling skills inside the box but Apuia Ralte missed an open opportunity with an effort going wide of the net.

Almoez Ali scored the second goal of the game in the first few moments into the second half. Amarinder Singh failed to collect the short from Afif and a lost ball was easily converted by Almoez with no Indian defender to cover for the goalkeeper.

RELATED STORIES
It can be 2025-2026 season, but you never know: AIFF coy over VAR technology in ISL, I-League
India vs Qatar, FIFA World Cup 2026 Qualifiers: When and where to watch free on TV, live streaming
Where is 'Mini Brazil' in India? Know all about the village PM Modi mentioned in his recent speech

Indian midfielders created some chances in the second half with four shots but all were off target. Samad came as a substitute and saw his effort missed by a millimetre in the 65th minute. Qatar finished the game with young winger Yousuf Abdurisag scoring the third goal of the game in the 86th minute. 

India Starting XI: Amrinder Singh, Rahul Bheke, Subhashish Bose, Sandesh Jhingan, Anirudh Thapa, Suresh Singh, Apuia Ralte, Sunil Chhetri, Udanta Singh, Chhangte, Nikhil Poojary

Qatar Starting XI: Meshaal Barsham, Pedro Miguel, Ahmed Fathi, Hassan Al Haydos, Akram Afif, Lucas Mendes, Homam Al Amin, Boualem Khoukhi, Almoez Ali, Tamim Mansour, Moustafa Mashal

Advertisement
Read all the Breaking News Live on indiatvnews.com and Get Latest English News & Updates from Sports and Football Section
FOOTBALL
INDIA FOOTBALL
INDIAN FOOTBALL TEAM
SUNIL CHHETRI
FIFA WORLD CUP
FIFA WORLD CUP QUALIFIERS
Follow IndiaTV on WhatsApp
Advertisement

TOP NEWS

Vande Bharat sleeper clocks 180 kmph speed during trial run, watch stunning video | Watch

When and where to watch 82nd Golden Globe Awards, look out for Payal Kapadia's AWIAL

India's record in 4 Test matches Rohit Sharma missed as captain ahead of Sydney showdown

Advertisement
Advertisement

LATEST NEWS

World's longest train: BHP Iron Ore train in Australia sets Guinness record | SEE PICS

Yogi government transfers 46 IAS officials in Uttar Pradesh | Check list

Did you know TVF Panchayat's 'Binod' used to sell cotton? Know Ashok Pathak's success story

Three new trains by Indian Railways to be launched from Guwahati today: Check full list

Advertisement
India TV :
Contact UsAbout UsAdvertiseComplaint RedressalIn the PressInvestors Column
Popular Categories :
Live TVWorldPhotosVideosIndiaSportsBollywoodBusiness

© 2009-2025 Independent News Service. All rights reserved.  

Site Map|Legal disclaimer|Privacy Policy|CSR Policy|RIO|Complaint Redressal | Rss
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatvnews.com/sports/football/india-vs-qatar-fifa-world-cup-qualifiers-first-home-defeat-for-india-in-2023-as-qatar-dominate-in-crucial-game-2023-11-21-903785 
 ----- 
