SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Lionel Messi's Argentina World Cup-winning jersey to sell for millions at auction

Topic:
Sport

Mon 20 Nov 2023
Monday 20 November 2023

Lionel Messi scored the opener against Australia at the Ahmad Bin Ali Stadium in Qatar. (Getty Images: MB Media/Sebastian Frej)

abc.net.au/news/lionel-messi-s-world-cup-argentina-shirt-to-sell-for-millions/103129628
Link copied
Share article

Several Australians spent their World Cup last-16 match with Argentina in Qatar trying to get hold of Lionel Messi's shirt, before Cameron Devlin cheekily snagged it after the final whistle. 

Key points:
Lionel Messi is auctioning six Argentina shirts he wore during the 2022 FIFA World Cup
One of the shirts is the one he wore while scoring against the Socceroos
The current record for an item of sports memorabilia is $15.4 million

Now, the opportunity has arisen to get hold of the jersey the little magician wore in the first half of the match, during which he scored the opening goal.

Messi is putting it up for auction along with five other shirts he wore as Argentina won the World Cup.

They include the one he wore in the final itself, where he scored twice in the 3-3 draw against France that preceded Argentina's penalty shoot-out win

There's just one problem for any Socceroo eager to grab a memento of their match — the price.

The shirts are expected to fetch a collective $US10 million ($A15 million), threatening the world record for sports memorabilia.

That is currently the $US10.1 million ($A15.4 million) paid in 2022 for Michael Jordan's 1998 NBA Finals jersey.

The record for a game-worn football shirt is 7,142,500 pesos ($A14 million) for Diego Maradona's from Argentina's 1986 quarterfinal 2-1 victory over England.

Lionel Messi has made the number 10 shirt as iconic as his predecessor, Diego Maradona. (Getty Images: Amin Mohammad Jamali)

That was sold by Steve Hodge, whose mis-hit clearance was infamously punched in by Maradona's "Hand of God".

ABC Sport Daily podcast

ABC Sport Daily is your daily sports conversation. We dive into the biggest story of the day and get you up to speed with everything else that's making headlines.

Both of those sold at Sotheby's, whose New York branch is auctioning the Messi set between November 30 and December 14. The shirts will be on view at its New York headquarters during the bidding dates.

An undisclosed portion of the proceeds will be donated to UNICAS Project, led by Sant Joan de Déu (SJD) Barcelona Children's Hospital with the support of the Leo Messi Foundation, to meet the needs of children suffering from rare diseases.

Devlin got Messi's shirt in Qatar without even playing in the match, which was won by Argentina 2-1.

"I went on [the pitch] and consoled all the boys first and then shook Messi's hand," he recalled later.

"No one had said anything so I just tried my luck and he said, 'I'll see you inside'. I definitely wanted one of the other boys to have the opportunity first, but no one took it, so I thought why not?"

It increasingly looks as if Devlin struck the jackpot when he chanced his arm.

AAP

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Mon 20 Nov 2023 at 9:51pm
Monday 20 Nov 2023 at 9:51pm
, updated Mon 20 Nov 2023 at 10:29pm
Monday 20 Nov 2023 at 10:29pm
Related stories
Diego Maradona's 'Hand of God' goal is one of football's most controversial moments. Now someone has parted with millions to own a piece of it
Photo shows Argentina football team shirt on display at Sotheby's

Topic:
Sport

Michael Jordan 1998 NBA Finals sneakers fetch auction record at $3.3 million
Photo shows In a dark room a pair of black sneakers displayed behind glass, one upright, the other on its side. Left, a man looks at them.

Topic:
FIFA World Cup

Cameron Devlin recounts snagging Lionel Messi's jersey after Socceroos' loss to Argentina
Photo shows Two men swap jerseys after a soccer match
Related topics

Argentina

Qatar

Soccer

Socceroos

South America Soccer

Sport

Top Stories
FBI now believes New Orleans terrorist acted alone after initial plan to harm family

Topic:
Terrorist Attacks

Photo shows The governor of Louisiana walks with members of various law enforcement agencies down a New Orleans street.
Where is the economy headed this year? China and Trump could be key

Topic:
Economy

Australia's China studies sector once led the world, but is now 'in crisis'

Topic:
Academic Research

Man who died in Cybertruck blast was a decorated US soldier
IDF says it destroyed Syria underground missile factory before Assad fall

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

Just In
UK quarry worker uncovers 150-metre 'dinosaur highway'

Topic:
Dinosaurs

3m ago
3 minutes ago
IDF says it destroyed Syria underground missile factory before Assad fall

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

10m ago
10 minutes ago
Man who died in Cybertruck blast was a decorated US soldier
3m ago
3 minutes ago
Food producers battle as parts of South Australia record driest year

Topic:
Weather

13m ago
13 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2023-11-21/lionel-messi-s-world-cup-argentina-shirt-to-sell-for-millions/103129628 
 ----- 
