Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo
ADVERTISEMENT
DODGERS
Dodgers ‘banking on’ Shohei Ohtani playing in Game 3 of the World Series vs. Yankees
By Jack Harris
Staff Writer
Follow
Oct. 27, 2024 Updated 4 PM PT
Share
30

NEW YORK —  The Dodgers breathed a collective sigh of relief on Sunday.

After Shohei Ohtani left Game 2 of the World Series with a partially dislocated left shoulder, the team is optimistic that he’ll be back in the lineup for Game 3 on Monday, manager Dave Roberts said.

“He’s got to still go through the workout [today] and swing the bat,” Roberts said Sunday, ahead of the Dodgers’ off-day workout at Yankee Stadium. “But today feels better than yesterday, and our assumption is tomorrow’s going to feel better than today. So with that, that’s what I’m banking on.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Ohtani got hurt in the seventh inning of the Dodgers’ Game 2 win on Saturday at Dodger Stadium, when he jammed his left arm while sliding into second base on an unsuccessful stolen base attempt.

DODGERS

Complete coverage: Dodgers defeat New York Yankees in 2024 World Series
Nov. 1, 2024

While the rest of the team flew to New York immediately after the victory, which gave the Dodgers a two-games-to-none lead over the Yankees in the World Series, Ohtani stayed back in Los Angeles to get an MRI exam. He flew to New York on Sunday morning and joined the team at the ballpark for their workout.

Roberts didn’t have — or at least didn’t offer — specifics on what the MRI of Ohtani’s shoulder revealed.

ADVERTISEMENT

But based on his conversations with the club’s training staff, Roberts said that he expected Ohtani would be able to play in Game 3.

“He’s obviously very well aware of himself and his body,” Roberts said. “So if he feels good enough to go, then I see no reason why he wouldn’t be in there.”

The final decision on Ohtani’s availability for Game 3 will likely depend on his pain tolerance swinging the bat.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Guys have had this before and played,” Roberts said, comparing it to the dislocated shoulder former Dodgers outfielder Cody Bellinger played through in the 2020 World Series. “But again, it’s just everyone’s tolerance.”

According to another person with knowledge of the situation who wasn’t authorized to speak publicly, Ohtani was doing “shockingly well” on Sunday, raising hopes that the team won’t have to try and close out its first championship since 2020 — and first in a full season since 1988 — without him.

“If it’s a per-tolerance situation,” Roberts added, “I just don’t see him not playing Game 3.”

Beyond just taking the field, the Dodgers are hopeful that Ohtani won’t be compromised at the plate, either. Roberts noted that the injury is to the back shoulder in Ohtani’s swing, which should cause him fewer problems than if it had been his lead right shoulder.

“I don’t see how that affects his hitting, if he’s able to go,” Roberts said. “I would argue that the right shoulder is more compromising to the swing for a left-handed hitter than the left shoulder.”

And even if Ohtani isn’t 100%, his presence in the leadoff spot alone should benefit the Dodgers, Roberts argued.

“[Yankees Game 3 starter Clarke] Schmidt will know that Shohei’s in the box,” Roberts said. “So that means everything.”

Sunday’s development lined up with the positive prognosis Roberts offered on Ohtani in the wake of Saturday’s game.

Though the team was still awaiting MRI results at that point, Roberts said postgame strength and range-of-motion tests on Ohtani’s shoulder were good, and that the team was “encouraged” about his status even after the concerning way he exited the field in Game 2 — holding his arm suspended as broadcast cameras caught him telling a trainer that he believed his shoulder had popped out.

“The scene [was] very concerning,” Roberts said Saturday night. “But after the range-of-motion, the strength test, I felt much better about it.”

Roberts also said that, if Ohtani does play in Game 3, he does not believe the 30-year-old slugger, who has also been rehabbing his right pitching arm this year after undergoing a Tommy John revision last season, would be risking further injury.

DODGERS

Shaikin: Yoshinobu Yamamoto proves there is still strength in Dodgers’ starting pitching
Oct. 27, 2024

“I think that once we make the decision that he can play, I would assume that there isn’t a possibility of that,” Roberts said.

Ohtani was only one-for-eight in the first two games of the World Series, though his lone hit was a big one: An eighth-inning double in Game 1 that helped the Dodgers tie the score and force extra innings, when Freddie Freeman hit a walk-off grand slam.

And after his historic 54-home run, 59-stolen base regular season, Ohtani has remained one of the most dangerous presences in the Dodgers lineup this October, batting .260 in his first career postseason with three home runs, 10 RBIs and 12 walks (tied for the most of any player in the playoffs this year).

“He’s been awesome for the clubhouse and awesome for our team,” said pitcher Walker Buehler, who will start Game 3 for the Dodgers. “So it’s been a cool year watching him with the 50-50, just kind of the day to day, and the kind of human he is as well.”

More to Read
Shohei Ohtani’s labrum surgery could delay return to pitching but shouldn’t impact swing
Nov. 7, 2024
Hernández: How Shohei Ohtani drove himself to become a first-time World Series champion
Oct. 31, 2024
In Shohei Ohtani’s hometown, World Series celebrations in Dodger blue
Oct. 29, 2024
Show Comments
DODGERS
Newsletter

Are you a true-blue fan?

Get our Dodgers Dugout newsletter for insights, news and much more.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

Jack Harris
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Jack Harris covers the Dodgers for the Los Angeles Times. Before that, he covered the Angels, the Kings and almost everything else the L.A. sports scene had to offer. A Phoenix native, he originally interned at The Times before joining the staff in 2019.

More From the Los Angeles Times

DODGERS

Analysis: With Gavin Lux gone, how Dodgers might deploy more versatile lineup in 2025
Jan. 7, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Cincinnati Reds in wake of Hyeseong Kim signing
Jan. 6, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers sign Hyeseong Kim, finalize Teoscar Hernández return as roster takes shape
Jan. 3, 2025

DODGERS

Plaschke: From Fred-die to Decoy, Dodgers owned every top-10 moment in 2024 L.A. sports
Dec. 31, 2024
Most Read in Dodgers

DODGERS

Dodgers’ meeting with Roki Sasaki didn’t include in-person pitches from Ohtani or Yamamoto
Dec. 30, 2024

DODGERS

Analysis: How will Dodgers reward Dave Roberts? Will they land Roki Sasaki?
Dec. 31, 2024

DODGERS

Dodgers return to World Series. COVID masks are out. Mister Cartoon clown masks are in
Oct. 22, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Pacific Palisades fire explodes to nearly 3,000 acres as thousands of residents flee, homes are lost
Palisades fire: Evacuations, road closures, shelters, schools, forecast
Aubrey Plaza says husband’s death was an ‘unimaginable tragedy’
Constantly anxious? Ease your mind by asking yourself this one question
Palisades basketball teams make campus escape before fire; LAUSD cancels games, practices
Latest Dodgers
Shohei Ohtani and his wife announce they are expecting their first child
Dec. 28, 2024
Shaikin: By re-signing Teoscar Hernández, Dodgers raise the financial stakes even higher
Dec. 28, 2024
Plaschke: Fans are heard, title hopes are solidified, Teoscar Hernández is back with Dodgers
Dec. 27, 2024
Teoscar Hernández agrees to three-year, $66-million deal with the Dodgers
Dec. 27, 2024
Mookie Betts ‘thought about throwing a ball at’ Yankees fans who grabbed his glove, wrist
Dec. 27, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/dodgers/story/2024-10-27/dodgers-shohei-ohtani-shoulder-injury-game-3-status-world-series 
 ----- 
