Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Stagnant Offense Dooms Spurs in Overtime Loss to Nuggets
The San Antonio Spurs came close to securing back-to-back victories in two pivotal games, but couldn’t close the deal.
Mathey Gibson | Jan 5, 2025
Jan 4, 2025; San Antonio, Texas, USA; Denver Nuggets guard Russell Westbrook (4) commits a foul against San Antonio Spurs center Victor Wembanyama (1) during the second half at Frost Bank Center. / Scott Wachter-Imagn Images
In this story:
San Antonio Spurs

The San Antonio Spurs dropped the second game of their back-to-back with the Denver Nuggets, falling 122-111 in overtime Saturday night at Frost Bank Center.

Harrison Barnes paced six Spurs in double figures with 22 points, while Victor Wembanyama delivered a mixed bag of brilliance and inefficiency, tallying 20 points, 23 rebounds, three assists and four blocks.

On the other side, Nikola Jokić once again put on a show, posting 46 points, 10 assists and nine rebounds. Michael Porter Jr. chipped in 28 points to help seal the win for Denver.

Despite a hard-fought effort, San Antonio’s offensive woes down the stretch proved costly. Spurs acting coach Mitch Johnson was candid in his postgame assessment, emphasizing the lack of flow late in the game.

“I was probably more disappointed tonight in our offense, especially in the fourth quarter,” Johnson said. “I just felt like we got a little stagnant in mud.”

Johnson elaborated on the issues that plagued the Spurs offensively, particularly against Denver’s switching defense.

“You know, when they were switching tonight and last night, our best possessions in general were when we got off the ball quick, when we played out of second-side closeouts and rotations,” Johnson said. “I think sometimes when we were trying to force certain mismatches or perceived mismatches, or certain, you know, defenders or people with the basketball got to over-dribbling a little bit. That’s where we got stagnant, allowed them to load up to the ball, or show crowds where they wanted to, and then you’re playing against late clock, and it just makes it really hard.”

While the Spurs held their own defensively for much of the game, fatigue seemed to catch up to them in overtime. Jokić exploited mismatches inside, while Porter’s hot hand kept the Spurs’ comeback hopes at bay.

Now at 18-17 on the season, the Spurs face a critical four-game road trip starting Monday against the Chicago Bulls. Tip-off is set for 7 p.m. CST as San Antonio looks to regroup.

San Antonio Spurs On Sports Illustrated
Against Jokić, Nuggets, Victor Wembanyama Earned His Praise
Wembanyama Earns 'Special' Praise from Nikola Jokić
Three Key Stats that Led to San Antonio’s Win Against Denver
Published Jan 4, 2025|Modified Jan 5, 2025
MATHEY GIBSON

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/spurs/news/stagnant-offense-dooms-spurs-in-ot-loss-to-nuggets 
 ----- 
