Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
SPORTS
FRANCE
Italy beat France 3-1 in Nations League despite conceding a goal inside 13 seconds

Italy will face Israel next on Monday, with that match taking place in Budapest due to the security situation in the Middle East. France, for whom captain Kylian Mbappé struggled to make an impact in Paris, will hope to bounce back from a flat performance when they take on Belgium next in Lyon.

Le Monde

Published on September 6, 2024, at 11:58 pm (Paris), updated on September 7, 2024, at 3:09 pm 

2 min read

Italy's defender #05 Riccardo Calafiori heads the ball during the UEFA Nations League Group A2 football match between France and Italy at the Parc des Princes in Paris on September 6, 2024. STEPHANE DE SAKUTIN / AFP

Italy recovered from conceding inside 13 seconds to fight back and beat France 3-1 in their UEFA Nations League clash in Paris on Friday, September 6 with Federico Dimarco, Davide Frattesi and Giacomo Raspadori all on target.

Bradley Barcola had opened the scoring at the Parc des Princes with the fastest-ever goal by a France player, but the home side failed to build on that stunning start and Italy ran out deserved winners.

The result is a boost for Luciano Spalletti's team after their poor showing at Euro 2024 when their defense of the title was ended limply by Switzerland in the last 16. "Conceding a goal after 13 seconds could have driven us crazy but we were very good in the way we reacted," Spalletti said. "We kept our focus and did some great things beyond the goals. We were giants tonight."

The winning start in this edition of the Nations League leaves Italy level at the top of Group A2 with Belgium, who beat Israel 3-1 in Friday's other game. Italy will face Israel next on Monday, with that match taking place in Budapest due to the security situation in the Middle East. France, for whom captain Kylian Mbappé struggled to make an impact in Paris, will hope to bounce back from a flat performance when they take on Belgium next in Lyon.

Mbappé and Didier Deschamps' side also had a disappointing Euros despite reaching the semi-finals and only losing to eventual champions Spain. "It hurts for all of us," admitted Deschamps. "Congratulations to Italy. We were lacking, but we are not going to dwell too much on this."

Read more Real Madrid win UEFA Super Cup with 2-0 win over Atalanta as Mbappé debuts

Here, Deschamps handed a debut on the right wing to Michael Olise, the London-born Bayern Munich winger who starred in the France side that won the Olympic silver medal last month.

There was also a second full international start for Barcola, and the 22-year-old Paris Saint-Germain player wasted no time making an impact.

Barcola record

Italy kicked off but Barcola pressed high and robbed the ball from the feet of Giovanni Di Lorenzo before running through to finish. The 13 seconds needed to score was 10 seconds fewer than Albania's goal against Italy in June which was the fastest ever at a European Championship. Barcola's strike is the fastest ever by a France player, beating the previous quickest of 38 seconds by Bernard Lacombe, also against Italy at the 1978 World Cup.

New
Le Monde’s app
Get the most out of your experience: download the app to enjoy Le Monde in English anywhere, anytime
Download

Italy came back to win that game 2-1 and they also staged a fine fightback here, almost equalizing in the sixth minute when Frattesi headed against the bar with the goal gaping. They equalized via a magnificent goal on the half-hour mark, as Dimarco laid off a crossfield ball by Andrea Cambiaso and got it back first time from Sandro Tonali before volleying high into the far corner of the net.

The away side went ahead five minutes after half-time when Frattesi, of Inter Milan, intercepted a Youssouf Fofana pass in midfield to spark a counterattack, then burst into the box to score from Mateo Retegui's center.

France replaced Olise with Ousmane Dembele and gave midfielder Manu Kone – another member of their Olympic team – his full international bow off the bench. But Italy almost scored again as Frattesi forced a fine save from goalkeeper Mike Maignan with a header from a corner.

They then made it 3-1 on 74 minutes when Raspadori, running untracked into the area, collected a pass from fellow substitute Destiny Udogie, his first touch taking him past William Saliba before he tucked in. France were unable to recover and the final whistle was greeted with a mixture of whistles and indifference from the home support.

Read more France beats Argentina 1-0 to reach men's soccer semifinals at Paris Olympics

Le Monde

Reuse this content
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
Le Monde for hotels
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/sports/article/2024/09/06/italy-beat-france-in-nations-league-despite-conceding-inside-13-seconds_6725117_9.html 
 ----- 
