Match Ticker
Premier League
Other Competitions
Opta Football Stats
Opta Football Predictions
Newsletter
American Football
More
NBA
NCAA
LIGUE 1
Ligue 1 2023-24 Season Predictions: November Update
NOV 24, 2023
ALI TWEEDALE / AUTHOR, JONATHAN MANUEL / DATA VIZ
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Share

Ligue 1 is back on Friday night, and ahead of French football’s return, we’ve had another look at our season predictions. Will Lyon be relegated? Can Nice win the title? We look at the numbers to answer all those questions and more, with an update to our Ligue 1 season predictions after 12 rounds of fixtures.

Ad
Ligue 1 Season Predictions: Quick Hits

Title Favourites: Paris Saint-Germain
Top Four Favourites: PSG, Nice, Monaco, Reims
Relegation Candidates: Clermont Foot, Metz (plus Lyon in the relegation play-off!)

Before the season kicked off, the Opta supercomputer ran 10,000 simulations of the Ligue 1 2023-24 season to give us an idea as to how it saw things panning out. It stuck its neck on the line, and went with the bold prediction that Paris Saint-Germain would win the title… again.

Now, 12 games into the season, the Parisian giants haven’t quite had things all their way; they may be top of the table, but Nice and Monaco are making a decent fist of creating a title battle. However, as we’ll soon see, PSG remain overwhelming favourites to win the league.

Here, after firing up the supercomputer during the November international break, we have an update to our Ligue 1 season predictions.

The table below provides a percentage that corresponds to how often in 10,000 season simulations each club finished in a given position, and after that you’ll find our analysis.

Who Will Win Ligue 1 in 2023-24?

PSG hold a slender lead at the top of the table, currently just one point clear of overachieving Nice, who have started the season in some style. However, the Ligue 1 title holders are looking extremely likely to retain the title according to the Opta supercomputer. In its latest 10,000 simulations of the season in the French first tier, PSG won the league 88.4% of the time. That makes them more likely to win the title than any other team in Europe’s top five leagues, though Manchester City (84.5%), Inter Milan (84.4%) and Bayern Munich (80.4%) are all said to have more than a four-in-five chance of winning their leagues.

Ad

Before the season, PSG were deemed to have a 55.5% chance of winning Ligue 1, but a poor start to the campaign from both of their most likely challengers, Lens and Marseille, has seen PSG’s title chances shoot up. Even Lyon (more on them later) were said to have a 3.0% chance of winning the league before the start of the season. Now bottom of the league, Lyon’s numbers have been hoovered up by the title-winning machine that is PSG.

Luis Enrique’s side have taken a while to get going – they drew their first two games of the season and then lost at home to Nice five games in – but they appear to now be hitting their stride. They have five wins in a row to their name and are top of the pile after Nice slipped up last time out. The supercomputer has now been almost fully convinced of PSG’s title credentials.

Nice, this season’s surprise package who are currently sitting in second place, are the second favourites for the title. They are the only other side that the Opta supercomputer says has more than a 5% chance of winning the league, but their chances are still dwarfed by PSG’s.

Despite impressing under Francesco Farioli, the supercomputer doesn’t think Nice’s title challenge is particularly sustainable; they have scored only 13 goals in 12 games so far, and their chances are rated at just 7.7%, with third-placed Monaco third favourites to win the league (2.6%). The league’s other 15 teams won the title in the remaining 1.3% of the supercomputer’s simulations, with Lille making up 0.8% of those. It all suggests a tenth PSG title in 12 years is pretty much a foregone conclusion.

Who Will Qualify for the Champions League?

You probably won’t get very good odds, but you may as well go and bet your mortgage on PSG getting into the top four. They have a 99.9% chance of qualifying for the Champions League once again according to the Opta supercomputer.

Joining them in Europe’s premier competition will be the rest of the current top four – Nice, Monaco and Lille – if the supercomputer is correct.

Nice have an 89.7% chance of making the top four, so the supercomputer thinks they have given themselves a huge chance with their strong start to the season. Monaco (73.8%) and Lille (53.7%) are both more likely than not to qualify for the Champions League as well.

Nice manager Francesco Farioli talks to Gaeten Laborde
Ad

Before a ball was kicked, PSG and Lille were the only two of these teams expected to make the top four, and they were predicted to finish first and fourth, respectively – the exact positions they currently occupy.

Paulo Fonseca’s Lille are only there on goal difference, though, with Will Still’s Reims hot on their heels and seeking a route into Europe. Reims have an 11.5% chance of making the top four, and are in fact most likely to finish in seventh (18.2% chance).

Last season’s surprise package Lens have been slowly climbing the table in recent weeks and are actually third favourites for a top-four finish, given a 37.0% chance.

Marseille, our pre-season favourites for a third-place finish, are languishing down in 11th at the moment, but the supercomputer still thinks they should have the quality in their squad to rescue their season under Gennaro Gattuso. The Italian has only overseen one win in his five games in charge, but they have been playing well enough to deserve a little more than they have to show for their efforts (more on that below). They are said to have a 25.7% chance of making the top four.

Rennes and Brest – both at around 3% – are the only other teams given any significant chance of finishing in the top four.

Who Will be Relegated From Ligue 1?

The biggest story in Ligue 1 this season has been the dreadful form of fallen giants Lyon. Bottom of the league with just one win and seven points from 11 games, there are genuine fears they could go down.

However, if the Opta supercomputer is right about how the season will go from here then Lyon, who picked up their first win of the season in the final game before the international break, could still just about survive. They have a 26.2% chance of finishing in the bottom two, with two other sides deemed more likely to go down. They are, nonetheless, most likely to finish 16th and head into a relegation play-off.

Before the season began, newly promoted sides Metz and Le Havre were deemed the favourites for the drop. They have both made good starts to life in the top flight, though, currently 12th and seventh respectively, with Le Havre even dreaming of European qualification.

However, Le Havre are closer in points terms to the relegation playoff position than they are the top five, and the Opta supercomputer isn’t easily fooled. Metz, two points below Le Havre, are still one of the most likely teams to be relegated from Ligue 1 this season.

The other is Clermont Foot, who are currently 17th, one place of the, erm, foot, of the table, although a recent upturn in their form – they have won two and drawn one of their last four – will have given them hope that they can survive.

Le Havre are backed to stay up, but their most likely finishing position is 15th or 16th, the latter of which would mean a relegation play-off.

Ad
Ligue 1 Expected Points
Viz by Jonathan Manuel

Our expected points model simulates the number of goals scored by each side in each match based on the expected goals (xG) value of every shot taken. It then uses the simulated number of goals to determine the match outcome (win/draw/loss), with each game run through the model 10,000 times. The expected points for each team in every match can then be calculated based on the proportion of simulations they win/draw/lose. This is of course not an exact science, as xG data doesn’t include a lot of factors, such as game state and dangerous periods of possession that don’t lead to shots.

We can use this over the course of a season to see which teams have deserved their points totals, which have underachieved compared to their performances and which teams have overachieved.

The model suggests that Marseille should have seven more points than the 13 they actually have, and could actually be in the top four. That will at least in part explain why they still have more than a one-in-four chance of making the top four despite being in the bottom half of the table.

At the other end, the biggest difference between points and expected points is that of Lyon, whose performances are deserving of more like 12.5 points than the seven they have.

Ad

Hope, after all, for two of France’s biggest teams, both of whom are in positions well below their pre-season expectations.

Opta-Simulated Ligue 1 2023-24 Table 

After simulating the remainder of the 2023-24 season 10,000 times, we’re able to average the points total of every club across those simulations and therefore rank teams positionally. Here are the Opta supercomputer results from those simulations:

1st: PSG
2nd: Nice
3rd: Monaco 
4th: Lille
5th: Lens
6th: Marseille
7th: Reims 
8th: Rennes
9th: Brest 
10th: Montpellier 
11th: Toulouse
12th: Strasbourg 
13th: Lorient
14th: Nantes
15th: Le Havre 
16th: Lyon
17th: Metz
18th: Clermont

How Does the Opta Supercomputer Model Work? 
Opta’s League Prediction model estimates the likelihood of teams finishing in each position in the competition. We can therefore see how successful a team’s season is likely to be, whether it is their relegation or title chances. 
The model estimates the probability of each match outcome (win, draw or loss) by using betting market odds and Opta Power Rankings. The odds and rankings are based on historical and recent team performances. 
The model considers the strength of opponents by using these match outcome probabilities and simulates the remaining fixtures in the competition thousands of times. By analysing the outcome of each of these simulations, the model can see how often teams finished in each league position to create final predictions.

Enjoy this? Subscribe to our new football newsletter to receive exclusive weekly content. You should also follow our social accounts over on X, Instagram, TikTok and Facebook.

RELATED ARTICLES
FOOTBALL
How Do Playing Styles Change Across the Top European Leagues?
3 MONTHS AGO RYAN BENSON
PREMIER LEAGUE
Manuel Ugarte Won’t Be Man Utd’s Answer to Rodri but Will Address Specific Weaknesses
4 MONTHS AGO RYAN BENSON
FOOTBALL
Checking in on US Internationals’ Milestones in Europe Ahead of Pochettino Appointment
4 MONTHS AGO JEFF MANGURTEN
LIGUE 1
Ligue 1 Predictions 2024-25: The Opta Projections
5 MONTHS AGO JULES AUBLANC
Subscribe

Sign up and be the first to receive exclusive stats, news, and updates from Opta Analyst.

Country*
Select A Country
Canada
United States of America
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia (Plurinational State of)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cabo Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Democratic Republic of the)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia (the former Yugoslav Republic of)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia (Federated States of)
Moldova (Republic of)
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea (Democratic People's Republic of)
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Kosovo
Réunion
Romania
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Korea (Republic of)
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suricontent
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
Viet Nam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
I agree to receive emails from Opta Analyst.
See our Privacy Policy for more details.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Do Not Sell My Information
Advertising
Cookie Policy
© 2025 Opta Analyst. All Rights Reserved.
×
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://theanalyst.com/2023/11/ligue-1-2023-24-season-predictions-november-update 
 ----- 
