HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023: Mali vs Ivory Coast: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
February 1, 2024 at 2:00 PM
Modified at :
February 1, 2024 at 2:00 PM

Aayush

0
0
Ivory Coast have picked up pace at the right moment in the tournament 

AFCON had started disappointingly for Ivory Coast and it looked like they would be humiliated at home, but things have changed for them dramatically since then. After a poor run, the players have held their heads and now they are poised to qualify for the semis. Their win against Senegal has raised expectations and they stand a great chance of winning the trophy.

Mali have emerged as one of the most structured units at this AFCON. With their play, they have shown a lot of patience and have played to their strengths. They finished at the top of their group and defeated Burkina Faso in their last match. For this match, their attack needs to step up and score goals.

Kick-Off:

Saturday, 3 February 2024 at 10:30 PM IST

Location: Stade de la Paix, Cote d’Ivoire

Form:

Mali (in all competitions): D-W-D-D-W

Ivory Coast (in all competitions): W-W-L-L-D

Player to Watch
Hamari Traore (Mali)

Hamari Traore has been Mali’s main man in defence. He has kept things under control on the right side of defence and will look to continue his great form. Traore was rock solid in the game against South Africa and similar leadership will be required in this game as well. 

Franck Kessie (Ivory Coast) 

Ivory Coast’s midfielder Frank Kessie has been inspiring throughout this campaign. He has led the team from the front and played a major role in their resurgence. He controls play and drives forward. In this campaign, Mali’s defences have been structured, and Kessie’s job will be to defuse them to allow attackers to move forward.

Match Facts
Ivory Coast have conceded six goals in the last 3 games
Mali haven’t lost in the last 9 games 
Mali have lost the last four matches against Ivory Coast
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury and Team News

Mali are expected to be without their star midfielder Amadou Haidara who suffered a head injury in the last game. His absence can leave a big void in Mali’s midfield. Ivory Coast suffered a big boost in the last game with the return of Haller. He is expected to start this game.

Head to Head (Last 6 games)

Mali- 1

Ivory Coast- 3

Draw- 2

Predicted lineup
Mali Predicted lineup (4-3-1-2):

Diarra; Traore, Kouyate, Niakate, Sacko; Dieng, Bissouma, Traore; Doumbia; Sinayoko, Koita

Ivory Coast Predicted lineup (4-4-1-1):

Y. Fofana; Aurier, Diomande, Ndicka, Konan; S. Fofana, Sangare, Kessie; Kouame, Haller, Boga

Match Prediction for Mali vs Ivory Coast

There has been a lot of impressive play from Mali this season, but Ivory Coast will have their hands full getting past them. Ivory Coast are at home and have finally found their groove. Their defence will be tested. In order for Mali to win against Ivory Coast, they will have to play at their best.

Prediction: Mali 1-2 Ivory Coast

Telecast for Mali vs Ivory Coast 

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Manchester United vs Newcastle: Head-to-head record
Top 10 players to play for both Manchester United and Newcastle United
Top 40 fastest football players in the world in 2025
Cristiano Ronaldo doesn't rule out leaving Al-Nassr after end of current contract
Como vs Lecce Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Top 40 fastest football players in the world in 2025
Top 11 players with most assists in Premier League history
What does Mumbai City FC need to do in January transfer window?
List of Jamshedpur FC coaches and their performance in ISL
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Click to ge

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-02-world-football-afcon-2023-mali-vs-ivory-coast-predicted-lineup-injury-telecast 
 ----- 
