

The Korea Times
Login
Subscribe
Photos
Video
World
Sports
Opinion
Entertainment & Art
Lifestyle
Finance
Business
National
North Korea


Sports
Mon, December 16, 2024 | 23:29
Korea seeking redemption vs. Oman in World Cup qualifier after dismal showing at home
Posted : 2024-09-08 08:25
Updated : 2024-09-08 16:31

Korean National Football Team is in a training session in Seeb, Oman, Saturday, as it faces Oman on Tuesday. Yonhap

Korea will look to redeem themselves in their next World Cup qualifying match against Oman on Tuesday following a disappointing performance on home soil to begin the ongoing round last week.

Korea and Oman will square off for their second Group B match in the third round of the Asian qualification for the 2026 FIFA World Cup at Sultan Qaboos Sports Complex in Muscat. The kickoff is 6 p.m. Tuesday local time, or 11 p.m. the same night in Korea.

Korea, ranked 23rd, couldn't have scripted a more frustrating start to the third round last Thursday, when they were held to a goalless draw by No. 96 Palestine at Seoul World Cup Stadium.

Captain Son Heung-min struck the woodwork in a wide-open chance in the late minutes, while midfielder Lee Kang-in also wasted a few opportunities. Fans who initially jeered head coach Hong Myung-bo, a controversial choice for the job, booed the rest of the team off the field in the capital city.

It prompted defender Kim Min-jae to walk toward a section of Korean supporters after the final whistle and ask them to calm down, which in turn led to a heated exchange between the Bayern Munich player and fans.

Hong, who was booed every time he was shown on the scoreboard during the match, said afterward he understood where fans came from and he would have to live with their hostile reaction.

Beating 76th-ranked Oman, who lost their first Group B match to Iraq by 1-0, in a resounding fashion would help turn the tide for South Korea and assuage at least some of the irate fan base.

Korean football player Hwang Hee-chan trains before the Korean National Football Team's World Cup qualifying match against Oman, in Seeb, Oman, Saturday. Yonhap

Signs from the Palestine match, however, were not very encouraging.

Korea's inability to convert scoring chances, a chronic issue for the Taegeuk Warriors, raised its ugly head Thursday. Hong acknowledged that his team's problem with finishing around the goal could persist and that his players should have competed at a higher tempo against Palestine.

Hong also said his attacking players were not able to adjust to the opposing defense by changing directions effectively.

His wasted opportunities notwithstanding, Lee Kang-in was the lone bright spot for Korea against Palestine. With his creative passes, Lee connected with substitute forward Oh Se-hun for a couple of headers that forced goalkeeper Rami Hamada to make difficult saves.

With Lee, who plays for Paris Saint-Germain, and a pair of Premier League attackers, Son Heung-min of Tottenham Hotspur and Hwang Hee-chan of Wolverhampton Wanderers, Hong isn't short on offensive talent.

"Overall, how we use the talent we have is important," Hong said. "It's up to the coaching staff to figure out how to make the most of these players."

Hong and his team arrived in Oman on Saturday afternoon and had their first training session a few hours later.

Head coach Hong Myung-bo stands on a football field at Al Seeb Stadium in Seeb, Oman, Saturday. Yonhap

Speaking to Korean reporters in Muscat before the session, Hong asked fans to cheer on the players and direct their anger toward him only.

"No matter what happened outside the stadium, I hope fans will support our players inside the stadium," Hong said. "I will take all the blame as head coach here. Our players are the ones who have to perform on the field, and I'd appreciate it if our fans try to help those players do their job better."

Hong's critics called for the coach's head even before the Palestine match, and the goalless draw only gave those people more ammunition.

Hong admitted he was still trying to get his bearings amid the chaos surrounding him and his team.

"I'm experiencing these things for the first time," Hong said of being booed during the match, among other things. "The way we played the last match, what the players are thinking ... I don't know how these things will translate to the next match. The most important thing is for the players to come together. My job is to produce good results in a situation like this. I hope the players will just focus on the match at hand and not worry about anything else." (Yonhap)

Taboola 후원링크
Recommended Contents For You
Era of 'marsupial' young people
First lady told pro-Yoon YouTu ber to take down Han Dong-ho on, says PPP official
Broadcaster Kim Ou-joon claims martial law included plan to assassinate Han Dong- hoon
Some officers, soldiers resisted martial law orders in their own ways
How scandals surrounding first lady contributed to Yoon's downfall
General plays game on phone during martial law inquiry, sparks outrage
AD
Join The Military As A Senior And Earn Up To $75,000 Bonus!
AD
New Camper Vans Cost Next to Nothing (Take a Look)
AD
Anyone Considering Investing In Gold Should See This
		
 
Most Read in Sports
1
Korean teen sensation Yang Min-hyeok 'excited' to join captain Sonny at Tottenham
2
Son Heung-min becomes Tottenham's all-time Premier League assists leader
3
Korea captures 3 medals on final day of Short Track World Tour on home ice
4
Faker named best esports athlete by TGA for 2nd consecutive year
5
Saudi Arabia's plans to host men's World Cup 2034 will be harmful for climate: experts
Top 10 Stories
1
Ruling party leader Han Dong-hoon steps down following Yoon's impeachment
2
Korea to face months of leadership vacuum after impeachment of President Yoon Suk Yeol
3
Joint investigation unit attempting to deliver summons for Yoon
4
Who is acting President Han Duck-soo?
5
Could main opposition party leader be next president?
6
Father gets 3 years for killing son with disability after 39 years of care
7
Prosecution says Yoon defied summons, plans second order
8
Son Heung-min becomes Tottenham's all-time Premier League assists leader
9
Constitutional Court says begins Yoon impeachment hearings
10
What's next in the investigation into President Yoon?
DARKROOM

Super Bowl 2024

Bayern Munich beat Tottenham Hotspur in Seoul

Tottenham 4-3 K-League All-Stars

World Water Day 2024

Busan World Team Table Tennis Championships Finals

Super Bowl 2024

Bayern Munich beat Tottenham Hotspur in Seoul

1
2
3
4
5
Interesting Contents
Singer IU backs impeach ment rally with food and coffee for attendees
Ex-President Moon says Yoon's impeachment can no longer be avoided
Defense intelligence commander suspended amid martial law turmoil
K-pop stars join calls for president's impeachment
Finally a video has appea red that explains the true root cause of hearin g loss
Hearing Journal
|
Sponsored
Learn More
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
Best Search Finder | Search Links
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Taboola 후원링크
   
CEO & Publisher: Oh Young-jin
Digital News Email: webmaster@koreatimes.co.kr
Tel: 02-724-2114
Online newspaper registration No: 서울,아52844
Date of registration: 2020.02.05
Masthead: The Korea Times
Copyright © koreatimes.co.kr. All rights reserved.
About Us
Introduction
History
Contact Us
Products & Services
Subscribe
E-paper
RSS Service
Content Sales
Site Map
Policy
Code of Ethics
Ombudsman
Privacy Statement
Terms of Service
Copyright Policy
Family Site
Hankook Ilbo
Dongwha Group
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.koreatimes.co.kr/www/sports/2024/12/600_382067.html 
 ----- 
