THE IRISH FA
NEWS
SHOP
STADIUM
STRATEGY
SIGN UP TO OUR NEWSLETTER*
International 
Domestic 
Foundation 
TICKETS
B
Fixtures and results
E
Squads
Northern Ireland Senior Men
Northern Ireland Under 21
Northern Ireland Under 19 Men
Northern Ireland Under 17 Men
Northern Ireland Senior Women
Northern Ireland Under 19 Women
Northern Ireland Under 17 Women
D
GAWA Zone
Supporters' clubs
Fan Experience
REWIND: Watch classic Northern Ireland matches
Northern Ireland Hall of Fame
GAWA Shop
J
JD National Academy
About JD National Academy
B
Fixtures & Results
A
Cup competitions
Clearer Water Irish Cup
Women's Challenge Cup
McComb's Coach Travel Intermediate Cup
fonaCAB Craig Stanfield Junior Cup
Harry Cavan Youth Cup
M
Leagues
NIFL Premiership
NIFL Women’s Premiership
NIFL Championship
NIFL Premier Intermediate League
Northern Ireland Women's Football Association
Northern Amateur Football League
Player Registration Forms
G
Grassroots and Youth Football
Irish FA Football Camps
McDonald's Programmes
Girls' and women's football
Safeguarding
Delivering Let Them Play
Schools Programmes
NI Boys' Football Association
NI Schools' Football Association
Howdens Game Changer Programme
Youth Football Review
Football Community Hubs
K
Disability Football
Coaching
Disability Strategy Booklet
Deaf football
George Best Community Cup
C
Community & Volunteering
Stadium Community Benefits Initiative
How to volunteer
People & Clubs
Stay Onside
Ahead of the Game
Walking Football
Department for Communities
Young Leaders Programme
Fresh Start Through Sport Programme
N
Futsal
Grassroots Futsal Development
Domestic Futsal Competitions
Futsal Coach Education
Futsal Referee Education
International Futsal
Home
International teams
Domestic
Irish FA Foundation
The Irish FA
News
Events
Shop
H TICKETS
Subscribe
Newsletter
Irish FA five-year strategy
Find A Club
Football NI app
Esports
FOTM
IrishCupFinal
Women’s Euro
Sunday 08 Sep 2024
O’Neill wants more of same against Bulgaria
 Home
 News
O’Neill wants more of same against Bulgaria
Michael O’Neill is looking to build on his side’s solid start to their latest UEFA Nations League campaign when they face Bulgaria later today.

The Northern Ireland senior men’s team manager wants more of the same from his players in the second instalment of their September double header in UNL League C Group 3.

He revealed the comfortable 2-0 win over Luxembourg in Belfast on Thursday had energised the team ahead of the game with the Bulgarians at Stadion Hristo Botev in Plovdiv (17.00 BST start).

As Northern Ireland were defeating Luxembourg thanks to goals from Paddy McNair and Daniel Ballard, Bulgaria were drawing 0-0 with Belarus in their first C3 match, which was played in Hungary on Thursday.

Northern Ireland top the group at this early stage and O’Neill admitted he would like to cement that position ahead of another double header next month when they will take on Belarus away and Bulgaria at home.

Bulgaria’s only win in their last 16 games came against Tanzania and they finished bottom of their Euro 2024 qualifying group. They competed in Group G, which was won by Hungary, while Serbia finished as runners-up. They amassed four points thanks to draws home and away against Lithuania as well as home draws with Hungary and Serbia.

Despite that poor showing O’Neill is expecting a tough night in sweltering conditions in Plovdiv.

"We've made a lot of progress in the last 10 months but the real test of that will be nights like this against a difficult opponent away from home," he told the media yesterday.

"These are games that ideally you want to take something from if you want to be a team that can qualify for a major tournament."

O’Neill has a very youthful squad at his disposal for the game in Plovdiv, while the Bulgarians have players with little international experience rather than a raft of young players.

They are particularly inexperienced in the goalkeeping department. Aberdeen keeper Dimitar Mitov got the nod against Belarus, however it was only his fourth appearance for the seniors.

And the two other goalkeepers in the squad, Ivan Dyulgerov (CSKA Sofia) and Svetoslav Vutsov (Slavia Sofia), have only six caps apiece.

The most experienced operator in their panel is captain and striker Kiril Despodov, who plays his club football in Greece with PAOK. Despodov has scored 14 goals in 50 appearances for his country.

Valentin Antov, a defender with Italian Serie B side Cremonese, is the only other player who has won more than 20 caps. He has made 28 appearances for his country to date.

Leading the line against Belarus was 31-year-old forward Aleksandar Kolev (Levski Sofia). It was only his seventh senior cap.

The Bulgarians will be without midfielder Filip Krastev for the game after he was sent off during last week’s draw in Zalaegerszeg.

Bulgaria created 17 chances in the game against Belarus, compared to eight attempts for Belarus, and O’Neill is expecting them to take the game to the visitors as he tries to engineer what would only be Northern Ireland's third victory in 18 Nations League games; this is the boys in green and white’s fourth campaign in the competition.

Training in Plovdiv
Related Articles
Vote for the Northern Ireland Men's Goal of the Year 2024
26 December 2024
NI Player Watch | Marshall nets a double
23 December 2024
2024 review: Northern Ireland Under-21s
22 December 2024
2024 review: the U19 Euros
20 December 2024
Vote for the Northern Ireland Senior Women’s Goal of the Year 2024
19 December 2024
2024 review: men’s and women’s U19s and U17s
18 December 2024
Related News
READ MORE INTERNATIONAL NEWS NEWS
Vote for the Northern Ireland Men's Goal of the Year 2024
26 December 2024
NI Player Watch | Marshall nets a double
23 December 2024
2024 review: Northern Ireland Under-21s
22 December 2024
2024 review: the U19 Euros
20 December 2024
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INTERNATIONAL
Fixtures & Results
Tournaments
Squads
Match Day Information
GAWA Zone
Club Zone
FOUNDATION
Grassroots And Youth Football
Disability Football
Community & Volunteering
Futsal
DOMESTIC
Fixture & Results
Cup Competitions
Leagues
ADDITIONAL LINKS
The Irish FA
News
Shop
GAWA Official

Make it official! Find out more

TICKETS
© Irish Football Association 2024
Site Map
Terms of use
Privacy

This website uses cookies. Please click Accept and Close to accept the use of cookies on our website. By continuing to browse our website you consent to the use of cookies on this website.

ACCEPT AND CLOSE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishfa.com/news/2024/september/o-neill-wants-more-of-same-against-bulgaria 
 ----- 
