Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
BREAKING NEWS
Bronx fire leaves 7 injured as 200 firefighters respond to 5-alarm blaze
MLB
Mets’ pitching crumbles in ugly loss to Phillies in second game of critical series
By Mike Puma
Published Sep. 20, 2024
Updated Sep. 21, 2024, 12:01 a.m. ET
42

The Mets have counted on one quality start after another during this surge into the lead for a wild-card berth, but Friday they received NQ (as in non-quality) and were NC (as in non-competitive). 

David Peterson’s worst start of the season coupled with underwhelming relief ended the Mets’ winning streak at four games with a 12-2 loss to the Phillies before 41,474 at Citi Field. 

Peterson ended the Mets’ streak of quality starts — defined as at least six innings pitched with three earned runs or fewer allowed — at eight by turning in a clunker.

10
David Peterson struggled in the Mets’ loss to the Phillies on Friday night.
Charles Wenzelberg / New York Post

The left-hander lasted only 3 ²/₃ innings and allowed five runs, four earned, on eight hits with four strikeouts. 

Peterson said he was “surprised” he was removed so early by manager Carlos Mendoza. 

“But it was still a close game at that point and he wanted to make a move and that was his decision,” Peterson said. “All good and we’re on to the next one.” 

10
Adam Ottavino served up a back-breaking homer in the Mets’ loss on Friday.
Charles Wenzelberg / New York Post

Mendoza’s rationale for the early hook was basic: Peterson was getting hit. 

10

“I thought the second time through [the lineup] they were putting together some really good at-bats,” Mendoza said. “They made some good adjustments and put the barrel on the ball and I thought I needed to be aggressive there and it didn’t work.” 

Adam Ottavino, Huascar Brazoban and Danny Young had rough nights in relief.

Infielder Eddy Alvarez was enlisted to pitch the ninth and worked a scoreless inning, eliciting chants of “Ed-dy, Ed-dy” from the crowd. 

The night wasn’t a complete disaster for Mendoza’s crew: Miami beat Atlanta, allowing the Mets to maintain their two-game lead over the Braves for the NL’s third wild card.

The Phillies clinched a postseason berth for a third straight year with Friday’s win.

10
Philadelphia Phillies third base Alec Bohm (28) celebrates his 3-run home run off of New York Mets pitcher Adam Ottavino on Friday.
Robert Sabo for NY Post
10
The Phillies clinched a playoff spot with their win.
Charles Wenzelberg / New York Post

A victory Saturday or Sunday would allow the Phillies to celebrate winning the NL East title before leaving Queens. 

The Mets played a fifth straight game without Francisco Lindor, who is sidelined with lower back soreness. Lindor, who received a facet injection Thursday, participated in baseball activities pregame and said there’s been improvement in his back, but it’s not where he needs to be for a return. 

“I still believe in what we have,” Lindor said, noting that the Mets scored 10 runs in three straight games before Friday. “And I want to be there.” 

10
Infielder Eddy Alvarez pitched late in the Mets’ loss.
Charles Wenzelberg / New York Post

Jose Iglesias, batting leadoff during Lindor’s absence, continued his sizzling play with a homer leading off in the first. The blast extended Iglesias’ hitting streak to 14 games.

The Mets took a 2-0 lead after Starling Marte’s single and a walk to Mark Vientos — a wild pitch by Cristopher Sanchez advanced both of them.

Brandon Nimmo’s ground out brought in the run. 

10
Adam Ottavino struggled in his relief appearance on Friday night.
Charles Wenzelberg / New York Post

Pete Alonso’s error led to the Phillies scoring an unearned run in the second.

Alonso misplayed J.T. Realmuto’s pop-up, and the ball landed in shallow right field to load the bases with nobody out. Edmundo Sosa’s sacrifice fly pulled the Phillies within 2-1. 

Nick Castellanos delivered an RBI double in the third that tied it 2-2, but the Mets caught a break when Alec Bohm was tagged out at the plate by Peterson attempting to score after the throw home eluded Luis Torrens. 

10
Pete Alonso botched a op up in the loss on Friday night.
Robert Sabo for NY Post

The Phillies knocked out Peterson during a fourth inning in which they sent nine batters to the plate and scored six runs.

Johan Rojas stroked a two-run double that put the Mets in a 4-2 hole before Ottavino entered and allowed a single to Trea Turner for another run.

After Bryce Harper was intentionally walked, Bohm blasted a three-run homer that gave the Phillies an 8-2 lead. 

Ottavino, who had appeared in only one game over the previous 10 days, allowed three earned runs on two hits and a walk over one-third of an inning. 

10
Jose Iglesias provided one of the few bright spots Friday with a leadoff homer.
Charles Wenzelberg / New York Post

Bohm’s big night continued with an RBI single in the sixth against Brazoban.

Before the inning was complete, Castellanos drove in another run with a ground out, extending the Phillies’ lead to 10-2. 

Realmuto crushed a two-run homer against Danny Young in the eighth. It was a third straight rough outing for the lefty, all of them against the Phillies. 

10
Pete Alonso struck out with the bases loaded in the fifth inning on Friday night.
Charles Wenzelberg / New York Post

On the offensive side, J.D. Martinez went hitless in three at-bats and extended his drought to 0-for-31. Mendoza said “maybe” when asked if he might consider giving Martinez a break to clear his mind. 

42

What do you think? Post a comment.

“It’s not the first time he’s been in a slump.” Mendoza said. “We are going to need him, and he’ll get through it, but it’s hard for him right now.”

FILED UNDER ADAM OTTAVINO  DAVID PETERSON  NEW YORK METS  PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES  9/20/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
People Are Talking About Melania's Coat At Carter's Funeral
PageSix.com
These Big Stars Have Lost It All To LA's Ravaging Wildfires
PageSix.com
Trump's Connection To His Would-Be Assassin's Family Is Revealed
NYPost.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
Ivanka Trump Flaunts Her Killer Figure In Swimsuit Snaps
NickiSwift.com
Mexican Goods That Will Be Affected By Trump's Proposed Tariffs
Moneydigest.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/20/sports/mets-take-ugly-loss-to-phillies-in-second-game-of-critical-series/ 
 ----- 
