Menu
Cari
Berlangganan
Masuk
›
English›Vietnam Vs Indonesia: Beat...
Iklan
2026 WORLD CUP QUALIFICATIONS
Vietnam Vs Indonesia: Beat Vietnam 3-0, Team "Garuda"'s hopes are lit

Indonesia unleashed one of its biggest fears. Hopes of going further in World Cup qualifying burn brightly.

Audio Berita
5 menit

This article has been translated using AI. See Original .

By
I GUSTI AGUNG BAGUS ANGGA PUTRA
26 March 2024 22:28 WIB
·
5 minutes read
TEKS 
HUMAS PSSI

Indonesian midfielder, Marselino Ferdinan (left), vies for the ball with a Vietnamese player during the World Cup 2026 qualifying match at My Dihn Stadium, Hanoi, on Tuesday (26/3/2024). Indonesia won the match with a score of 3-0.

JAKARTA, KOMPAS — Indonesian National Team broke away from the curse of 20 years of never winning at the Vietnam headquarters. Goals from two naturalized players brought Indonesia to humiliate Vietnam 3-0 at My Dinh Stadium, Hanoi, Tuesday (26/3/2024) evening. This victory provides valuable provisions for Indonesia in facing the two remaining matches in the second round.

PSSI's naturalization program is slowly but surely starting to have an impact. If previously Indonesia had always been haunted by the curse of failing to win at My Dinh Stadium since 2004, this time the presence of a number of naturalized players was able to have a positive influence. Two new naturalized players, Thom Haye and Ragnar Oratmangoen, contributed greatly to bringing back Indonesia's nostalgic victory in Hanoi 20 years ago.

Thom orchestrated Indonesia's opening goal that was born from a corner kick scheme. With his accurate pass, Thom released a measured cross that was met by tall center-back Jay Idzes. Indonesia's second goal, on the other hand, was contributed by Ragnar who showcased individual skill in getting past Vietnam's defender before taking a shot from inside the penalty box. The final goal for Indonesia was scored by striker Muhammad Sananta towards the end of the match.

"I am pleased here. The communication between the players went very well today. But we need to push for this team to be able to improve to a higher level," said Ragnar after the match.

Also read: Indonesia vs Vietnam: Ragnar Oratmangoen and Thom Haye are certain to be able to play

The contributions of the two new naturalized players are thanks to the courage of Indonesian Coach Shin Tae-yong for overhauling the initial player line-up. Shin made four changes to the starting players compared to when they hosted Vietnam in Jakarta.

HUMAS PSSI

Indonesian defender, Jay Idzes (right), celebrates after scoring a goal against Vietnam in the 2026 World Cup qualifying match at My Dihn Stadium in Hanoi on Tuesday (26/3/2024). Indonesia won the match with a score of 3-0.

Thom and Ragnar immediately got their debut opportunity despite having recently joined the team. In the goalkeeper position, Ernando Ari, who is still in the recovery phase of his injury, replaced Adi Satryo. Meanwhile, Asnawi Mangkualam returned to his position as right wing-back.

Different from the first match, this time Indonesia started the match very confidently and fluidly. They tried to apply pressing with a medium defense line. The Indonesian players tried to prevent their opponents from passing the ball past the center line of the field. However, Indonesia's pressing intensity decreased in the second half. Vietnam tried to overcome their deficit, but were still able to be broken by Indonesia's rear guard.

"For 20 years, we have never won in Hanoi. That record is meant to be broken. Vietnam may have found it difficult after losing in Indonesia. We worked hard today and got lucky. As for Ivar, his condition is not good at the moment. I am satisfied with Thom's performance," said Shin.

Also read: Get rid of the 20 year curse of the Indonesian vs Vietnam National Team

This humiliating outcome has put Vietnam's coach, Philippe Troussier, on the brink. He is at risk of being fired after failing to improve Vietnam's performance, especially when they lost to Indonesia in Jakarta last week. This was Vietnam's seventh consecutive loss under Troussier's leadership.

Public trust in the French coach in Vietnam has greatly declined. Some Vietnamese supporters in the stadium were seen holding banners calling for Troussier to be immediately fired. "If we could perform more efficiently and score a goal, I am confident that the outcome of this match would be different," Troussier said.

HUMAS PSSI

Indonesian midfielder, Witan Sulaeman (right), vies for the ball with a Vietnamese player in the World Cup 2026 qualifying match at My Dinh Stadium, Hanoi on Tuesday (26/3/2024). Indonesia won the match with a score of 3-0.

Remaining opportunities

After completing the final away match in the second round, Indonesia is preparing to host the next two matches, against Iraq and the Philippines in early June. On paper, Indonesia's chances of defeating Iraq are considered small.

The team led by Coach Jesus Casas has so far always achieved victory in four matches and now sits at the top of Group F with 12 points. Iraq also succeeded in securing a ticket to the third round early after crushing the home team Philippines 5-0 in another match. Thus, there is only one remaining ticket from Group F to be contested by Vietnam and Indonesia.

Also read: Vietnam Vs Indonesia, National Team Must Win if You Want to Qualify

After battling against Vietnam, Indonesia will host Iraq in Jakarta. Despite playing at home, Indonesia is not more favored than Iraq. The first meeting at Iraq's home ground has already shown the quality gap between the two teams.

With that, Indonesia's chance of advancing will still be maintained if they do not lose against Iraq and are able to win against the Philippines in the next match. If that scenario comes to fruition, Indonesia's final points (11 points) will be impossible to catch up to even if Vietnam manages to sweep victories in the last two matches.

The Philippines is the most likely opponent that Indonesia can overcome. In the first meeting at the Philippines' headquarters, Indonesia drew with the host 1-1. Playing at home, the Garuda team is expected to bring out all their best abilities. Since the first meeting with the Philippines in 1958, Indonesia has never lost at home.

HUMAS PSSI

Indonesian players celebrate a goal against Vietnam in the 2026 World Cup qualifier at My Dinh Stadium, Hanoi, on Tuesday (26/3/2024). Indonesia won the match with a score of 3-0.

However, if they can work wonders by securing victories in their last two matches, Indonesia is guaranteed to advance to the third round and have the opportunity to appear in the final round of the 2027 Asia Cup.

For the past 24 years, Indonesia's best achievement in the World Cup qualifying round is advancing to the third round. At that time, the Indonesian national team was strengthened by its best players after the league dualism occurred. In the second round, Indonesia, led by Coach Wim Rijsbergen, defeated Turkmenistan with a score aggregate of 5-4.

However, Indonesia's steps were halted in the third round. Competing in Group E with Iran, Bahrain, and Qatar, Indonesia suffered six defeats and sank to the bottom of the group without being able to score a single point.

In the hands of Shin and a number of naturalized players who have experience at the elite level of European football, Indonesia hopes to go as far as possible in the 2026 World Cup qualifications. a>. Moreover, with the increase in the quota for the number of teams from Asia participating in 2026, Indonesia's chance of qualifying for the World Cup finals for the first time is still possible even though it has to go through a winding road.

Editor's note: this article was updated with additional comments from Indonesian Coach Shin Tae-yong, Vietnam Coach Philippe Troussier, and Indonesian player Ragnar Oratmangoen.

Editor:
PRASETYO EKO PRIHANANTO
Share
Comments

Kirimkan Komentar Anda

Jadilah yang pertama memberikan komentar. Silakan masuk atau daftar akun untuk menggunakan fitur komentar.

Daftar Sekarang
Masuk
Belum ada komentar.
Coba Gratis di Aplikasi
Artikel Terkait
Kasus Serangan Buaya Jadi Perhatian di Sultra
9 jam lalu
BMKG Prediksi Pergantian Tahun Terhindar dari Cuaca Ekstrem
13 jam lalu
Pesawat Lain Boeing 737-800 Jeju Air Bermasalah Lagi
12 jam lalu
Pasangan Lansia Tewas Terbakar di Senen, Api di Gedung Rektorat UIN Jakarta Padam
11 jam lalu
Mutasi di Polda Metro, Siapa Petinggi Polisi yang Terlibat Kasus DWP? 
9 jam lalu
15 Tahun PT PII Dukung Transformasi Berkelanjutan Menuju Indonesia Maju
12 jam lalu
Azerbaijan Tuding Rusia Tutupi Penyebab Insiden
14 jam lalu
Iklan
Terpopuler
Menyusuri Kekayaan Desa Nelayan Karangsong
19 Mei 2017 · 19:47 WIB
Lainnya Dalam English
Korean Electric Buses to Run in Bali in 2025
27 Desember 2024
Knitting During End of Year Holidays, Fatigue Disappears, Profit Comes
27 Desember 2024
Syria, HTS and the New Anxieties of the Arab Quartet
27 Desember 2024
Ambassador Trias Kuncahyono, Prioritizes Citizens
27 Desember 2024
Iklan
Terbaru
Presiden Azerbaijan Aliyev Tuntut Tiga Hal ke Putin Terkait Kecelakaan Azerbaijan Airlines
20 menit lalu
Imbas Kontroversi 12 Pemain, PSM Dinyatakan Kalah dari Barito Putera
43 menit lalu
Lonjakan Infeksi Saluran Pernapasan Akut di China Bersifat Musiman
1 jam lalu
Mutasi di Polda Metro, Siapa Petinggi Polisi yang Terlibat Kasus DWP? 
1 jam lalu
Kasus Serangan Buaya Jadi Perhatian di Sultra
1 jam lalu
Kantor Redaksi
Menara Kompas Lantai 5, Jalan Palmerah Selatan 21, Jakarta Pusat, DKI Jakarta, Indonesia, 10270.
+6221 5347 710
+6221 5347 720
+6221 5347 730
+6221 530 2200
Kantor Iklan
Menara Kompas Lantai 2, Jalan Palmerah Selatan 21, Jakarta Pusat, DKI Jakarta, Indonesia, 10270.
+6221 8062 6699
Produk
ePaper
Kompas.id
Interaktif
Kompas Data
Kompaspedia
Bisnis
Advertorial
Gerai
Event
Klasika
Klasiloka
Iklan
Tentang
Profil Perusahaan
Sejarah
Organisasi
Lainnya
Bantuan
Kompas Kring
+6221 2567 6000
Whatsapp
+62812 900 50 800
Email
hotline@kompas.id
Ikuti Harian Kompas di
@hariankompas
@hariankompas
@hariankompas
Harian Kompas
© 2024 PT Kompas Media Nusantara
·
Organisasi ·
Tanya Jawab ·
Hubungi Kami ·
Sidik Gangguan ·
Pedoman Media Siber ·
Syarat & Ketentuan ·
Karier ·
Iklan ·
Berlangganan ·
LANGGANAN SEKARANG
PROMO BERAKHIR DALAM
0
0
Jam
:
0
2
Menit
:
0
0
Detik
×
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.kompas.id/baca/english/2024/03/26/en-asa-manyala-timnas-indonesia 
 ----- 
