Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Sam Moore
Vince McMahon
TikTok ban
SPORTS
José Ramírez homers on birthday to trigger 9-run inning as Guardians rout Rangers 9-2, sweep series
1 of 19 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Jose Ramirez, right, is congratulated by third base coach Mike Sarbaugh after hitting a solo home run off Texas Rangers starting pitcher Cody Bradford during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

Read More
2 of 19 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Jose Ramirez celebrates after hitting a solo home run off Texas Rangers starting pitcher Cody Bradford during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

3 of 19 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Tyler Freeman watches his RBI single off Texas Rangers starting pitcher Cody Bradford during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

4 of 19 |  

Texas Rangers starting pitcher Cody Bradford, right, watches Cleveland Guardians’ Jose Ramirez round the bases after hitting a solo home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

5 of 19 |  

Umpire Roberto Ortiz, left, holds his neck after being hit by a foul-up by Cleveland Guardians’ Ramon Laureano, not pictured, as Texas Rangers’ Austin Hedges, right, watches during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

Read More
6 of 19 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Andres Gimenez throws out Texas Rangers’ Robbie Grossman at first base during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

7 of 19 |  

Texas Rangers’ Leody Taveras is congratulated by his teammates after scoring on a double by Josh Smith during the second inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

8 of 19 |  

Cleveland Guardians starting pitcher Gavin Williams delivers against the Texas Rangers during the first inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

9 of 19 |  

Texas Rangers starting pitcher Cody Bradford delivers against the Cleveland Guardians during the first inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

10 of 19 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Will Brennan scores on a single by Steven Kwan as Texas Rangers’ Austin Hedges, right, waits during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

11 of 19 |  

Texas Rangers manager Bruce Bochy, right, waits for a new pitcher as Austin Hedges stands by during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

12 of 19 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Ramon Laureano flinches after being hit by a pitch from Texas Rangers relief pitcher Jonathan Hernandez during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

13 of 19 |  

Texas Rangers’ Marcus Semien watches his single off Cleveland Guardians relief pitcher Matt Moore during the seventh inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

14 of 19 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Jose Ramirez celebrates after hitting a solo home run off Texas Rangers starting pitcher Cody Bradford during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

15 of 19 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Jose Ramirez, right, gives Nick Sandlin (52) a pat on the back after a baseball game against the Texas Rangers in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

16 of 19 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Jose Ramirez watches his ground out to Texas Rangers relief pitcher Jonathan Hernandez during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

17 of 19 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Gabriel Arias, right, waves to the crowd as Jose Tena, left, stands by after a baseball game against the Texas Rangers in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

18 of 19 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Tyler Freeman, left, greets Will Brennan after a baseball game against the Texas Rangers in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

19 of 19 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Jose Tena (8) and Will Brennan celebrate after a baseball game against the Texas Rangers in Cleveland, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

BY  TOM WITHERS
Updated 9:29 PM UTC, September 17, 2023
Share

CLEVELAND (AP) — The baseball-shaped cake with three lit candles went unclaimed as José Ramírez skipped his postgame media availability.

His party took place earlier.

Ramírez homered on his 31st birthday to touch off Cleveland’s nine-run fourth inning, leading the Guardians to a 9-2 win and three-game sweep of the playoff-chasing Texas Rangers on Sunday.

Ramírez connected off rookie Cody Bradford (4-2) leading off the fourth and the Guardians kept swinging away. They had a homer, two doubles and six singles in scoring nine runs with nine hits, both their highs for an inning this season.

“We just kept getting hits and kept going,” Guardians manager Terry Francona said.

There wasn’t much the Rangers could do.

“We just got in one of those innings when we just couldn’t stop it,” manager Bruce Bochy said. “It’s a helpless feeling. What could go wrong, did.”

The Rangers, in the thick of the AL West and wild-card races, came to Cleveland riding a six-game winning streak only to be held to six runs over the weekend.

“Sure it’s disappointing,” Bochy said. “We’re all disappointed with how the games went. But we had a winning road trip. You get swept, and you’re like wait a minute. Best thing you can do is look at the silver lining. We’re coming off a 4-3 road trip and heading home.”

RELATED STORIES
D-backs acquire 1B Josh Naylor from Guardians, who fill gap by adding Carlos Santana, AP source says
Carlos Santana returns to Cleveland on 1-year deal, first baseman's third stint with Guardians
Guardians trade Gold Glove 2B Andrés Giménez to Blue Jays, get RHP Luis Ortiz in deal with Pirates

Andrés Giménez drove in three runs in Cleveland’s fourth, Gabriel Arias had two RBIs and Ramírez added a run-scoring groundout in his second at-bat of the inning as the Guardians sent 14 batters to the plate.

The big inning — Cleveland got just one hit the rest of the way — took any stress away for Guardians rookie Gavin Williams (3-5), who limited Texas to one run and four hits in six innings with seven strikeouts.

Cleveland’s playoff hopes are hanging by a thread in the AL Central, leaving the Guardians to play spoiler over the final three weeks.

The Rangers, on the other hand, are trying to extend their season into October. They came into the day one-half game behind first-place Houston in the division, and holding one of the three wild-card spots.

Also, the Rangers’ loss clinched playoff berths for Baltimore and Tampa Bay.

Ramírez tied it 1-1 in the fourth with a 431-foot shot that landed about five rows short of the top of the left-field bleachers.

The homer was Ramírez’s 216th, moving him past Hall of Famer Larry Doby and into a tie for fifth with Carlos Santana and Hal Trosky on Cleveland’s career list. Ramírez is always good, but even better on his birthday, batting .333 (11 for 33) with four homers and nine RBIs in eight games.

“You can use any superlative just about you want, and he checks that box,” Francona said of his All-Star third baseman. “That’s the kind of player he is, stating the obvious.”

Josh Naylor followed Ramírez’s 24th homer with a single and Cleveland strung together six straight hits before the Rangers pulled Bradford, who has been pitching in relief since his last start on July 30.

“The first three innings we were grooving and the fourth I went out and made a pretty good pitch to José Ramírez, I thought. But he put a better swing on it,” Bradford said. “After that it was some balls over the fat part of the plate and they did what any MLB team should do and made me pay for it.”

ROUNDING THIRD

Rangers rookie third baseman Josh Jung is expected to be activated Monday after missing more than a month following thumb surgery.

Jong has been out since Aug. 6, when he was injured knocking down a 109 mph line drive with his glove hand to start a double play against Miami. He had an operation three days later.

Bochy said Jong felt good after he faced live pitching and played three innings at the team’s complex in Surprise, Arizona on Saturday.

Despite missing time, Jong is still one of the leading contenders for AL Rookie of the Year. He was batting .274 with 22 homers and 67 RBIs before getting hurt.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Rangers: All-Star OF Adolis García (strained patellar) sprinted in the outfield grass before the game as he nears a return. Garcia has been out since getting hurt while chasing down a play ball on Sept. 6. Bochy said the club wants Garcia to have a larger role than just DH when he’s back.

Guardians: Ace Shane Bieber didn’t allow a hit over 3 2/3 innings in a rehab start for Triple-A Columbus at Toledo. Bieber, who hasn’t pitched since July 9 for Cleveland due to elbow inflammation, will likely make one more start in the minors before he’s activated.

UP NEXT

Rangers: Begin their final homestand of the regular season Monday against Boston with LHP Jordan Montgomery (9-11, 4.47) facing Red Sox RHP Kutter Crawford (6-7, 4.26) in the opener of a three-game series.

Guardians: Open a three-game set in Kansas City on Monday. RHP Cal Quantrill (3-6, 5.40) starts the opener against Royals RHP Brady Singer (8-11, 5.51).

___ AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
AP News Quiz - Jan. 10,...
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaarde.
Kia
:
Advertisement
Canada's former leader Chrétie n has blunt advice for Trump: 'Give your head a shake!'
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Man who fatally stabbed attack er on NYC subway won't be charged, prosecutor says
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be...
A judge has ruled that a Wisconsin woman who stabbed her sixth grade classmate t...
AP News
The ‘Worst in Show’ CES produc ts put your data at risk and...
Not all innovation is good, according to a panel of self-described dystopia experts...
AP News
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kouse n en zeggen dat ze...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Use an AI Writing Tool That Actually Underst ands Your Voice
Grammarly
Advertisement:
Install Now
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu een proe frit.
Kia
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgev...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Hét moment om te gaan voor de Nissan...
Nissan Qashqai
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Write Better and Fast er With This Deskto...
Grammarly
Advertisement:
Install Now
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met dit...
Beveilig jouw huis vandaag nog: Alarm met beveiligingscamera's. Ontvang jouw prijsi...
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun autoverz...
Met betaalbare autoverzekeringsmogelijkh eden die specifiek zijn afgestemd op de...
Go find you
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Tot wel 13 kg gewicht sverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verbazin...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrisc he auto's kopen, zie...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Trump can still vote after senten cing, but can't own a gun and...
President-elect Donald Trump doesn’t have to go to jail, pay a fine or perform...
AP News
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Former first lady Michelle Obama didn't attend the state funeral for former Presi...
AP News
Alleen vandaag - Adid as tot -33% korting.
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Geen honger, geen strenge diëten? met deze capsules verbr...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Ontdek hoe slim je bent. Beantwoord 22 vragen en ontdek ho...
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2 girls
Authorities in Wisconsin say they have captured a man who is charged in the...
AP News
Trump wants to change colleges nationwide. GOP-led states...
As President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office, both conservative and...
AP News
Alleen vandaag in de uitverkoop:
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Is jouw IQ hoger dan het gemiddelde in Nederland (102)? Ma...
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
If you own a mouse, you have to play this game. No Install. Pla...
PanzerRush
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Ontdek nu de nieuwe Nissan Qashqai
Nissan Qashqai:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®:Advertisement
Ontvang bod
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer deze truc van 5 seconden vandaag nog!
GlucoSerenity:Advertisement
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Bloedsuikerhelper:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/rangers-guardians-jose-ramirez-61eea76df6e6b6f46af65b9a481904ab 
 ----- 
