Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Texas Rangers Tab Rookie to Take Max Scherzer Turn in Rotation, Snap Skid
Cody Bradford is making his seventh start of the season Sunday, as the Texas Rangers hope to avoid getting swept by Cleveland Guardians.
Art Garcia | Sep 17, 2023
Texas Rangers Tab Rookie to Take Max Scherzer Turn in Rotation, Snap Skid /
In this story:
Texas Rangers

The Texas Rangers turned to rookie Cody Bradford to start Sunday’s series finale at the Cleveland Guardians.

The left-hander, 4-1 with a 3.80 ERA, is taking the turn of injured ace Max Scherzer in the rotation.

The Rangers (82-66) are hoping to snap a two-game losing streak, as well as keep pace in the American League West and Wild Card race. Cleveland is looking to finish the series sweep.

Bradford, 25, has 17 total appearances in his first MLB season for Texas, making six starts and 11 relief outings. He is 1-1 with a 4.73 ERA as a starter, while 3-0, 2.61 ERA as a reliever.

Cody Bradford is starting in injured ace Max Scherzer's turn in the rotation. 

Bradford has pitched exclusively in relief since he was being recalled Sept. 1 when the roster expanded to 28 players. In five relief outings this month, he has totaled 7 1/3 innings with seven strikeouts, one walk and a .125/.154/.208/.362 opponent slash line.

Bradford last pitched Thursday at the Toronto Blue Jays, earning win in relief of starter Nathan Eovaldi in the 9-2 victory that completed the four-game sweep. He went 2 2/3 innings and didn’t allow a run.

Bradford was optioned back to Triple-A Round Rock on Aug. 1 after trade deadline acquisitions of Max and Jordan Montgomery. Bradford has had four stints with Texas this season. He went 9-2 with a 3.63 ERA in 14 starts for Round Rock.

The Rangers return home after Sunday’s game to start a three-game series against the Boston Red Sox on Monday night at 7:05 p.m. Montgomery (9-11, 3.47) is scheduled to go opposite Boston right-hander Kutter Crawford (6-7, 4.26) in the opener at Globe Life Field.

You can follow Art Garcia on Twitter @ArtGarcia92.

Catch up with Inside the Rangers on Facebook, Twitter, TikTok and Instagram.

Published Sep 17, 2023
ART GARCIA

Art Garcia is the Publisher and Editor-in-Chief of InsideTheRangers.com. Award-winning stops at various media outlets dot his career.

Follow ArtGarcia92

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/rangers/news/texas-rangers-rookie-cody-bradford-take-max-scherzer-turn-rotation-cleveland-guardians 
 ----- 
