Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Pittsburgh Steelers
Browns and Steelers might both be without their top WRs for Monday Night Football

Amari Cooper and George Pickens are dealing with soft-tissue injuries with two days to go.

Amari Cooper and George Pickens were late additions to the injury report.LAPRESSE
MATIAS WODNER
16/09/2023 - 17:05 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Aaron Rodgers claims listening to dolphins having sex could heal his injury
NFL. Brett Favre weighs in on Aaron Rodgers' future: "He will come back better than ever"

One week into the 2023 NFL season and teams are dealing with a concerning amount of injuries, particularly to top players. This week, the Los Angeles Chargers will be without Austin Ekeler and the Green Bay Packers will likely not have Aaron Jones at their disposal.

For Monday Night Football, the Pittsburgh Steelers were already going to be missing their best wide receiver, Diontae Johnson. Now, it's become a late doubt whether their second-best receiver, George Pickens, will be suiting up. Pickens was added to the injury report on Saturday after practicing in full the first two times, which is never a good sign.

With Johnson and Pickens possibly out, that would leave the Steelers very shorthanded at wideout. Veteran Allen Robinson and unproven Calvin Austin III will have to step up.

The Browns are in the same boat

In a normal world, those injuries would give the Cleveland Browns the clear edge at wide receiver, but that my not be the case. Like Pickens, Pro Bowler Amari Cooper was a late addition to the injury report, with head coach Kevin Stefanski saying that the pass-catcher aggravated his groin during Saturday's practice.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle...
Marca
Former child...
Marca

Neither Cooper or Pickens have been officially ruled out, but their statuses for Monday night are very much in doubt now.

The matchup between the Browns and Steelers was always expected to be more of a defensive, low-scoring battle. With the Browns missing their top receiver and the Steelers missing their top two, offensive fireworks will be hard to come by, at least in the passing game.

NFL - English
Cleveland Browns - English
Pittsburgh Steelers - English
Amari Cooper - English
NFL2023 NFL season: Full Week 1 scores & recaps of Sunday games
Pittsburgh SteelersSteelers star Heyward set to miss multiple weeks in big blow to Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh SteelersDan Orlovsky gets away with harsh 'dump truck' joke about Dwayne Haskins
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Harry and Meghan Markle, threaten...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Hét moment om te gaan voor de Nis...
Nissan Qashqai
Hyundai TUCSON rijden voor €429...
Hyundai
Las 21 mujeres más bellas de...
Megazinos
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/pittsburgh-steelers/2023/09/17/650625b422601dd1098b4588.html 
 ----- 
