 
This article was first published 3 years ago

Home » Cricket » SL-India 2nd T20 to be played tonight; 7 Indians isolated

SL-India 2nd T20 to be played tonight; 7 Indians isolated

Last updated on: July 28, 2021 17:28 IST

Source: ANI

IMAGE: Prithvi Shaw, Suryakumar Yadav, Hardik Pandya, Deepak Chahar, Manish Pandey, Ishan Kishan, and Krishna Gowtham - were identified as close contacts of Krunal Pandya, who tested positive for COVID-19, and hence they will not play the remaining two T20Is against Sri Lanka. Photograph: BCCI

The remaining two Twenty20 Internationals between India and Sri Lanka will be held despite India's Krunal Pandya testing positive for COVID-19, which forced the postponement of Tuesday's second match by a day.

 

Krunal Pandya tested positive for COVID-19 on Tuesday and seven players – Prithvi Shaw, Suryakumar Yadav, Hardik Pandya, Deepak Chahar, Manish Pandey, Ishan Kishan, and Krishna Gowtham - were identified as close contacts and hence they will not play the remaining two T20Is.

"The second T20I will go ahead later today (Wednesday) and the last T20I will be played tomorrow," a source in the know of developments told ANI on Wednesday.

Reserve players Ishan Porel, Sandeep Warrier, Arshdeep Singh, Sai Kishore and Simarjeet Singh have been added to the Indian squad ahead of the game

On Tuesday, the second T20I between India and Sri Lanka was postponed to a day later.

India all-rounder Krunal tested positive following the Rapid Antigen Tests conducted ahead of the match on Tuesday morning.

"The second T20I between Sri Lanka and India originally scheduled to be played on July 27 has been pushed forward by a day and will now take place on Wednesday, July 28," read a statement from the BCCI.

"Following the Rapid Antigen Tests conducted ahead of the match on Tuesday morning, Team India all-rounder Krunal Pandya was found to be positive. The Medical Teams have identified eight members as close contacts. The entire contingent is undergoing RT-PCR tests today to ascertain any further outbreak in the squad," it added.

Get Rediff News in your Inbox:
email
Source: ANI

More News Coverage

Krunal PandyaT20ITeam IndiaSri LankaRapid Antigen Tests
RELATED STORIES
Tendulkar helps shape Dipti's dream
India-NZ final most watched across all WTC series
PIX: India's batsmen get centre wicket practice
Sindhu demolishes Cheung on way to pre-quarter-finals
Olympics Boxing: Pooja Rani in 75kg quarter-finals
WEB STORIES

Why Broccoli Should Be Your Go-To Superfood

5 Homemade Winter Soups

5 Places To Visit In Prayagraj

VIDEOS
2:35
Get ready for breathtaking views from world's highest...
1:05
Thick blanket of snow envelopes Lahaul-Spiti valley as...
MOST POPULAR
CJI Khanna recuses himself from IOA, AIFF cases
Devajit Saikia to replace Jay Shah as BCCI...
Pakistan fined, docked WTC points for slow...
Djokovic still traumatised at Melbourne airport
Osaka 'very optimistic' about Australian Open
FOR YOU
Santa Dhoni Spreads Christmas Magic!
© 2025 Rediff.com - Feedback - About us - Advertise with us

NEWS

BUSINESS

MOVIES

CRICKET

SPORTS

GET AHEAD
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.rediff.com/cricket/report/sri-lanka-vs-india-2nd-t20i-to-be-played-tonight-krunal-positive/20210728.htm 
 ----- 
