मराठी
 
हिंदी
 
Times Now
Follow us on :
 
 
 
 
CRICKET
FOOTBALL
TENNIS
OTHERS
BADMINTON
WWE
ESPORTS
 
LIVE TV
 
MORE+
News> Sports News > Cricket News
Wasim Jaffer shares interesting suggestion for Dravid after Krunal's 8 close contacts ruled out of 2nd T20I
Cricket
TN Sports Desk
Updated Jul 28, 2021 | 16:47 IST
Wasim Jaffer has shared a hilarious meme starring Team India head coach Rahul Dravid after Krunal Pandya's 8 close contacts were ruled out of the 2nd T20I. India will play Sri Lanka in the 2nd T20I tonight.
Jaffer shares interesting suggestion for Dravid  |  Photo Credit: Twitter
KEY HIGHLIGHTS
The second T20 International between India and Sri Lanka in Colombo was postponed on Tuesday
Team India is expected to field a depleted playing XI after Krunal Pandya was tested positive for COVID-19
Wasim Jaffer has shared an interesting suggestion for Team India head coach Rahul Dravid

Wasim Jaffer has come up with an interesting suggestion for Team India head coach Rahul Dravid after Krunal Pandya's 8 close contacts were ruled out of the upcoming 2nd T20I against Sri Lanka on Tuesday. The second T20 International between Shikhar Dhawan-led Team India and hosts Sri Lanka was rescheduled for Wednesday after Indian all-rounder Krunal tested positive for novel coronavirus. 

At a time when coach Dravid is facing a dilemma in the Sri Lanka series, former Indian opener Jaffer has shared a hilarious post to solve the selection conundrum. Jaffer, who is known for poking fun at players and winning the internet by sharing hilarious memes has shared a post that features Dravid's iconic appearance from a viral advertisement. In the post, Dravid can be seen giving a call to VVS Laxman in the wake of the COVID-19 scare at the Indian national camp. Jaffer's hilarious suggestion soon became the talk of the town on social media. 

A story in 3 parts. SL isn't ready #SLvIND #RahulDravid pic.twitter.com/pylQtxq1GV
— Wasim Jaffer (@WasimJaffer14) July 28, 2021

After Krunal contracted the deadly disease, Team India is expected to field a depleted playing XI for the penultimate clash of the bilateral T20I series. Krunal, who is one-half of the Pandya brothers has been ruled out of the entire T20I series with seven days of isolation. Even though Krunal's all his eight close contacts, who were isolated had tested negative for the deadly disease in the RT-PCR tests, the players won't be a part of the Indian lineup for the 2nd T20I at Colombo. 

RELATED NEWS
Let's come together: Rahul Dravid urges countrymen to cheer for Indian athletes competing at Tokyo 2020
Rahul Dravid's disappointing reaction goes viral after Suryakumar departs for 50 in 1st T20I vs SL - Watch
Another lesson in humility! Rahul Dravid imparts wisdom to Sri Lanka skipper Dasun Shanaka during rain break

As per the latest developments, Krunal will not be able to travel back with the members of the Indian team on July 30. On Tuesday, the Board of Control for Cricket in India had confirmed that Krunal was found to be COVID-19 positive following the Rapid Antigen Tests conducted ahead of the match. The Medical Teams had also identified eight members as close contacts. Team India will lock horns with Sri Lanka in the 2nd T20I at the R.Premadasa Stadium. 
 

Get Sports news including Cricket Live Updates, Football, Tennis, Badminton, WWE and other Sports on Times Now

LATEST SPORTS NEWS
Only a pragmatic taxation regime will make the online gaming industry viable
We try to help niche companies in India develop into sports professionals: Parimatch
Poker is increasingly gaining popularity as the top mind sport: ACL winner Arun Sriram
GoodGameNation enters partnership with Indian youth community platform Viral Fission
Fantasy Sports is bringing fans closer to lesser-known sports
Now Available On
 
 
 
 
News
Home
India
Business
Viral News
Health
Education
Sports
Videos
World
Latest News
Auto
Cryptonow
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Syndication
Editorial Guidelines
Reference Interconnect Offers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Watch Live TV
Times NOW
ET NOW
Mirror NOW
© Bennett Coleman & Company Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/article/wasim-jaffer-rahul-dravid-viral-meme-krunal-pandya-covid-19-8-close-contacts-ruled-out-of-2nd-t20i-ind-vs-sl/791566 
 ----- 
