HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0

FANTASY CRICKET TIPS

ENG vs SL Dream11 Prediction, Dream11 Playing XI, Today Match 25, ICC Men’s ODI Cricket World Cup 2023
Published at :
October 25, 2023 at 6:15 PM
Modified at :
October 25, 2023 at 2:56 PM

Karan Rawat

0
0
Dream11 Fantasy XI tips and guide for Match 25, ICC Men’s ODI Cricket World Cup 2023 between ENG vs SA to be played in Bengaluru.

The picture of the top-four teams in the group stage of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 is getting clearer with every passing game. India, New Zealand, and South Africa are looking good for the next round, and the real fight is for fourth place.

Two teams that are sitting in the bottom half of the table will fight in the next game. It is the match no. 25 between England and Sri Lanka at the M.Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru. Both teams have won one game out of the four games they have played and are desperate to win the game.

ENG vs SL: Match Details:

Match: England (ENG) vs Sri Lanka (SL), Match 25, ICC Cricket World Cup 2023

Match Date: October 26, 2023 (Thursday).

Time: 2:00 pm I.S.T.

Venue: M.Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru

ENG vs SL: Head-to-Head: ENG (38) - SL (36)

There is not much to separate between the two teams. Both have played a total of 78 games. England are marginally ahead with 38 wins, Sri Lanka have 36 victories, three games ended without a result, and one game ended without a tie.

ENG vs SL: Weather Report

The weather forecast suggests a maximum temperature of 31°C with a humidity level of 40 percent. There are no chances of rain, and the wind speed will be around 11 km/h.

ENG vs SL: Pitch Report

The pitch in Bangalore is another dream paradise in India. Australia scored 367 runs in the game against Pakistan. Shorter boundaries will not help the bowlers. The pacers and spinners will have to use slower ones and cutters, or else it will be very hard to stop the batters. We might look at another 300-plus totals.

ENG vs SL: Probable XIs:

England: Jonny Bairstow, Dawid Malan, Joe Root, Ben Stokes, Harry Brook, Jos Buttler (c & wk), David Willey, Chris Woakes, Adil Rashid, Gus Atkinson, Mark Wood

Sri Lanka: Pathum Nissanka, Kusal Perera, Kusal Mendis (c & wk), Sadeera Samarawickrama, Charith Asalanka, Angelo Matthews, Dhananjaya de Silva, Dushan Hemantha, Maheesh Theekshana, Kasun Rajitha, Dilshan Madushanka

Suggested Dream11 Fantasy Team No.1 ENG vs SL Dream11:
ENG vs SL Dream11 CWC 2023 Team 1

Wicket-keepers: Jos Buttler, Jonny Bairstow, Kusal Mendis, S Samarawickrama

Batters: Ben Stokes, Dawid Malan, Harry Brook

All-rounder: Dhananjaya de Silva,

Bowlers: Adil Rashid, Dilshan Madushanka, Chris Woakes

Captain First-Choice: Dawid Malan || Captain Second-Choice: Jonny Bairstow

Vice-captain First-Choice: Ben Stokes || Vice-captain Second-Choice: S Samarawickrama

Suggested Dream11 Fantasy Team No.2 ENG vs SL Dream11:
ENG vs SL Dream11 CWC 2023 Team 2

Wicket-keepers: Jos Buttler, Jonny Bairstow, Kusal Mendis

Batters: Ben Stokes, Dawid Malan, Harry Brook, C Asalanka

All-rounders: Dhananjaya de Silva, David Willey

Bowlers: Dilshan Madushanka, Adil Rashid

Captain First-Choice: Jonny Bairstow || Captain Second-Choice: Kusal Mendis

Vice-captain First-Choice: Kusal Mendis || Vice-captain Second-Choice: Jos Buttler

ENG vs SL: Dream11 Prediction – Who Will Win?

It is a must-win game for both teams, so we expect a fighting contest. But England have more experienced players, so we predict a win for England against Sri Lanka.

Latest News
SA vs PAK: Pakistan handed five WTC points penalty for slow over-rate in 2nd test, all players fined 25 percent
ICC Champions Trophy 2025: Will England boycott their match against Afghanistan?
"Join the fun of SA20.." AB de Villiers wishes BCCI softens its stance on overseas league participation of Indian players
Durban’s Super Giants and 1xBet organize meet and greet with players and branded merch giveaway: details of the deal
"Bold decisions" from BCCI selectors on the cards for England test tour, feels Sunil Gavaskar
Advertisement
Advertisement
Editor Picks
SA vs PAK: Pakistan handed five WTC points penalty for slow over-rate in 2nd test, all players fined 25 percent
ICC Champions Trophy 2025: Will England boycott their match against Afghanistan?
"Join the fun of SA20.." AB de Villiers wishes BCCI softens its stance on overseas league participation of Indian players
"Bold decisions" from BCCI selectors on the cards for England test tour, feels Sunil Gavaskar
IND vs ENG: Indian Cricket Team 15-member squad for ODI series against England - Predicted
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/cricket/eng-vs-sl-dream11-prediction-world-cup-2023 
 ----- 
