Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
When is England's next match at ICC ODI Cricket World Cup 2023? Date, time, early prediction and head-to-head record for clash with Sri Lanka

MOHIT KHAKHAR

21 October, 2023
•
3:48 pm UTC

On Saturday, England suffered their third defeat in the ongoing World Cup as they went down against an in-form South Africa side at the Wankhede stadium in Mumbai.

Batting first, South Africa posted a whopping total of 399/7 runs in their 50 overs. The Proteas managed to bundle out the defending champions for a meagre 170 runs, in just 22 overs. 

MORE: Play Dafabet's Cricket World Cup predictor game for the chance to win the latest Apple gadget and big INR prizes (India only)!

After losing their opening fixture against New Zealand and facing an upset against Afghanistan, the Englishmen have suffered yet another crushing defeat.

England's next match in the Cricket World Cup will be against Sri Lanka in Bangalore on Thursday, 26 October.

Here's all the match details for this Cricket World Cup 2023 clash, including TV information around the world, start time, betting odds and historical meetings in ODIs between the two nations.

MORE: Cricket World Cup 2023 full schedule of fixtures and results

When is England's next match at Cricket World Cup 2023?

England's next match at the 2023 World Cup will be against Sri Lanka in Bengaluru on October 26, 2023. The match will begin at 2:00pm IST.

Here's when the match starts around the world and where to watch: 

 	Start time	TV/Live Stream
India	 2:00pm (IST)	Sports Star/Disney+ Hotstar
Australia	 7:30pm (AEST)	Fox Cricket/9Now, Kayo Sports
UK	 9:30am (BST)	Sky Sports/Sky Sports Go, Now TV
New Zealand	 9:30pm (NZDT)	Sky Sport/Sky Sport Now
USA/Canada	 4:30am (ET)	Willow TV/ESPN+
England vs South Africa Head-to-Head in ODIs

The two nations have faced each other 78 times in ODIs, with England coming out on top 38 times. Sri Lanka have tasted victory on 36 occasions.  

 	Won	Lost	Tie/NR
England	38	36	4
Sri Lanka	36	38	4
England vs South Africa predictions, latest betting odds

The last meeting between these two sides was in July 2021. The match ended as a "No Result". The two sides have not met for over two years, and both would be raring to get the win at the ongoing ODI World Cup 2023. 

On paper, England are a much better side, but the defending champions are nowhere near their best. Sri Lanka have been abysmal too. It should be a one-sided contest nonetheless, with England going in as favourites. 

Ready to make your predictions and win on the Cricket World Cup 2023? To find all the latest odds, betting and cricket scores and fixtures from India click here. 

Fans in the UK can check out all the latest promotions, bonuses and free bets on the Cricket World Cup 2023 via our partners BetOnSports here.

MOHIT KHAKHAR

Mohit Khakhar is a content producer for The Sporting News India.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/england-next-match-cricket-world-cup-2023-sri-lanka-icc-odi/a8dfeffdef8dc6e2df2a6eb6 
 ----- 
