HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFC ASIAN CUP

Limelight on Masharipov as Uzbekistan announce squad for AFC Asian Cup 2023
Published at :
January 4, 2024 at 1:58 PM
Modified at :
January 13, 2024 at 5:57 AM

(Courtesy : sputniknews)

Gourav Samal

0
0
Jaloliddin Masharipov is one of the top Uzbekistan players to watch out for in the AFC Asian Cup.

The Uzbekistan football team reached Qatar on Tuesday and have started preparations for their upcoming matches in the 2023 AFC Asian Cup which is about to begin from January 12, 2024. 

The team is composed of 26 members, including three goalkeepers, 10 defenders, 10 midfielders, and three forwards. They have been placed in Group B alongside with Australia, Syria and India and their campaign will commence on the 13th of January with the match against Syria. 

The Uzbekistan team is headed by manager Srecko Katanec. It is noteworthy that this marks Katanec’s third appearance in the AFC Asian Cup as a coach. His initial appearance was in 2011 with the UAE team, followed by a second appearance with Iraq in 2019.

Igor Sergeev holds the most extensive experience in the team, boasting 69 caps, while midfielder Jaloliddin Masharipov closely follows with 53 matches. Sergeev also holds the title of the highest goal-scorer in the squad, having netted 19 goals for his nation.

Team’s record in AFC Asian Cup

The Uzbekistan national team has consistently participated in the tournament over the past eight editions. They have also qualified for the knockout rounds in the last five campaigns. Their most notable achievement was in 2011 when they registered a fourth-placed finish. Notably, the 2011 edition was also held in Doha. 

Uzbekistan Team for AFC Asian Cup 

Goalkeepers: Utkir Yusupov, Abduvakhid Nematov, Botirali Ergashev

Defenders: Muhammadkodir Hamraliev, Alijonov Khojiakbar, Farrukh Sayfiev, Rustamjon Ashurmatov, Sherzod Nasrullaev, Eshmurodov Umarbek, Abdulla Abdullaev, Khusniddin Alikulov, Abdukodir Khusanov, Zafarmurod Abdirakhmatov 

Midfielders: Diyor Kholmatov, Otabek Shukurov, Jamshid Iskanderov, Odiljon Xamrobekov, Jaloliddin Masharipov, Oston Urunov, Jamshid Boltaboev, Azizbek Turgunboev, Hojimat Erkinov, Abbosbek Fayzullaev 

Forwards: Bobir Abdixolikov, Igor Sergeev, Azizbek Amonov

Uzbekistan’s Fixtures for 2023 AFC Asian Cup 

Before commencing their 2023 AFC Asian Cup campaign in Doha, Uzbekistan will engage in a friendly match against Palestine on January 7, 2024. Here are there fixtures from the competition.

13th January: Uzbekistan vs Syria 

18th January: Uzbekistan vs India

23rd January: Uzbekistan vs Australia

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Whatsapp & Telegram.

Latest News
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the summer transfer window?
FIFA International Women's Friendly: India thrash Maldives in an one-sided game
List of Odisha FC coaches and their performance in ISL
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the summer transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Top 10 goalkeepers with most clean sheets in 2024
NorthEast United's Juan Pedro Benali highlights 'struggles' ahead of Mohammedan SC clash in ISL
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Clic

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-indian-football-afc-asian-cup-uzbekistan-squad 
 ----- 
