Toggle navigation
Subscriptions
Log In
TOPICS:
Flood Alert
Connecting Communities
StarExtra
True or Not
SOBA 2024
Sabah & Sarawak
Do You Know
Heatwave
Malaysia to take on Lebanon in the Merdeka final
By LIM TEIK HUAT
FOOTBALL

Wednesday, 04 Sep 2024

11:34 PM MYT

Malaysia staged a fight-back to beat the Philippines 2-1 to reach the Merdeka Tournament football final at the National Stadium in Bukit Jalil tonight (Wednesday).

PETALING JAYA: Malaysia staged a fight-back to beat the Philippines 2-1 to reach the Merdeka Tournament football final at the National Stadium in Bukit Jalil tonight (Wednesday).

World No. 134 Malaysia were expected to steamroll past the ill-prepared No. 147th ranked Filipino side but interim national coach Pau Marti Vicente was made to sweat before starting his tenure with a win.

With the victory, Malaysia will face world No. 113 Lebanon, who overcame defending champions Tajikistan 1-0 earlier, in the final this Sunday.

Both teams were sluggish in the opening 20 minutes before Philippines broke the deadlock.

A long range attempt from Jefferson Tabinas was deflected into an own goal by Feroz Baharuddin in the 27th minute.

The goal woke up Harimau Malaya but the forwards struggled to breach the stubborn Filipino defence.

Malaysia finally got their equaliser through Syamer Kutty Abba in the 42nd minute.

STARPICKS
Secure your financial future and enjoy tax relief in 2024

After the break, Malaysia took the lead through a spot-kick after defender Matthew Baldisimo brought down Arif Aiman Hanapi inside the box, prompting Indonesian referee Yudi Nurchaya to point to the spot.

Safawi calmly slotted the penalty past Filipino keeper Neil Etheridge in the 72nd minute.

Malaysia have emerged as champion 12 times but have not lifted the Merdeka Tournament trophy since 2013.

Follow us on our official WhatsApp channel for breaking news alerts and key updates!
   
How useful is this article to you?

60% of our readers find this article useful

Found a mistake in this article?

Report it to us.

Trending in Sport

1

FOOTBALL1d ago
New Harimau Malaya CEO to be named soon

2

BADMINTON1d ago
James: Kay Bin’s toughest task is to make Zii Jia mentally stronger

3

BADMINTON1d ago
Good progress in two years but more time needed for impact on world stage, says Fareez

4

FOOTBALL1d ago
Soccer-Leading the league feels different this time, says Liverpool's Salah

5

TENNIS1d ago
Tennis players more motivated to perform, thanks to new scheme

6

BADMINTON1d ago
Kelantan to host National Junior GP circuit Finals next year

7

FOOTBALL1d ago
Keeper Khairul believes Sabah still in good hands after Kim Swee’s departure

8

FOOTBALL1d ago
Soccer-Man Utd slump deepens, but still no Amorim U-turn on Rashford

9

CRICKET26 Dec 2024
Cricket-Pakistan fight back as 13 wickets fall on opening day against So. Africa

10

TENNIS1d ago
Tennis-Gauff says she skipped Auckland for better level of competition at United Cup
Others Also Read
ENTERTAINMENT1d ago
'Baby Driver' actor Hudson Meek dies at 16 after falling from moving vehicle
INTERNET1d ago
The speed of human thought lags far behind your Internet connection, study finds
STARPICKS
Reinventing affordable luxury living
NATION1d ago
No to electricity tariff hike that would badly impact majority of Malaysians...
BUSINESS1d ago
SC reprimands Bybit for operating illegal digital asset exchange
NATION1d ago
Anwar has 'fruitful, engaging' discussion with Thaksin
ECONOMY1d ago
Penang, Johor, Selangor, Sarawak and KL dominates Malaysia's exports in...
INDONESIA1d ago
PDI-P, Jokowi rift enters new level
NATION1d ago
Thunderstorm warnings issued for several states
NATION1d ago
Public caning for khalwat offender draws crowd in Kuala Terengganu
NATION1d ago
Muslims permitted to photograph festive decorations with conditions
CORPORATE NEWS1d ago
Govt to decide on proposed 14% electricity tariff hike by mid-2025
Load More
StarPicks
 
Reinventing affordable luxury living

Mah Sing's award-winning M Vertica delivers eco-friendly, modern homes with exceptional facilities and connectivity.

Read More
Subscriptions
The Star Digital Access
Newsstand
Advertising
Our Rate Card
Classifieds
Company Info
About Us
Job Opportunities
Investor Relations
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Policies
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
    

Copyright © 1995- 2024 Star Media Group Berhad [197101000523 (10894-D)]

Best viewed on Chrome browsers.

Home
For You
Bookmark
Audio
Search
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com.my/sport/football/2024/09/04/malaysia-to-take-on-lebanon-in-the-merdeka-final 
 ----- 
