Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Williamson continues Reds' impressive pitching stretch
Share
Williamson continues Reds' impressive pitching stretch
September 12th, 2024

Joe Harris

Share

0:01

1:00

ST. LOUIS -- He didn’t factor into the decision, but Brandon Williamson kept one of the more impressive runs in recent memory by Reds starters going Wednesday night.

Williamson, making just his second start and third appearance this season, only allowed one run in five innings in the Reds’ 2-1 loss against the Cardinals.

The lefty continued a trend of different starters making big contributions to a staff decimated by injuries. Williamson joined Jakob Junis, Julian Aguiar, Nick Martinez and Rhett Lowder, who have all turned in strong outings during the most recent turn of the rotation.

“I think everybody's trying to do the best they can with whatever situation we're in,” Williamson said. “I think guys are owning it.”

Williamson struck out five, walked two and allowed three hits. He threw a season-high 82 pitches, 50 for strikes.

“He's doing it with his fastball, his cutter,” Reds manager David Bell said. “We know he's going to be good. He's getting an opportunity to show it. He did last year and it’s just great to have him back out on the mound.”

Nolan Arenado capitalized on Williamson's lone mistake, belting a solo homer in the bottom of the fourth to tie the game at 4.

“The 2-0 was a bad pitch, I mean, obviously, he hit it out, but I’m more disappointed about the first two that get me behind,” Williamson said. “The 1-0, again, was not competitive, and forced my hand to kind of go to him.”

The homer snapped a scoreless streak of 24 2/3 innings by Reds starters and a 24-inning scoreless streak by Cincinnati pitchers as a whole. The starters' streak was the longest for the team since another 24 2/3 innings run from May 22-26, 1990, and the 24-inning streak was the longest by Cincinnati hurlers since a 28-inning stretch from August 11-15, 2012.

“Our starters have been outstanding,” Bell said. “And you know, when we were challenged a little bit more than typical, they've just done nothing but answer that, and want to be in the situation and do absolutely everything they can to help us win games and continue to pitch well. Tonight, we didn't come out on top, but the pitching was there.”

The streak almost survived the Arenado drive. A fan caught the liner with his glove at the top of the left-center-field wall, which initiated a crew chief review, but after a short delay the homer was confirmed.

Related
Reds reach deals with all 8 arbitration-eligible players

January 10th, 2025

Lux traded closer to home, 'ready to play wherever'

January 8th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Williamson to undergo Tommy John; '25 return in question

September 19th, 2024

Williamson's elbow strain dulls shine of dramatic win

September 18th, 2024

Willamson solid in return from IL, then Reds walk it off

September 1st, 2024

Injured starter Hunter Greene has been impressed with the performances up and down the makeshift rotation.

“It's very promising and it's exciting, and it gives us another ounce of motivation moving forward,” Greene said before the game.

Paul Goldschmidt’s double off Buck Farmer (3-1) in the eighth scored Michael Siani to break a 1-all tie. Ryan Helsley pitched a perfect ninth to earn his Major League-leading 44th save as the Reds’ three-game winning streak came to an end.

Jake Fraley and Noelvi Marte led off the third with singles, but ended up getting stranded at second and third as Cardinals starter Lance Lynn struck out the next three batters.

“We've been seeing Lance do that for years,” Bell said. “He knows how to pitch. He knows when to make pitches, how to make pitches, he was ahead, it seemed, like all night, seemed like we were 0-2, get in big spots and he was able to add to his fastball and located up in the zone a lot.”

The Reds finally dented the scoreboard in the fourth due to Spencer Steer’s legs. Steer, who extended his on-base streak to 10 games, led off with a double and stole third, which allowed him to score easily on Santiago Espinal’s two-out single to make it 1-0.

While the outcome of the game was disappointing, the depth on the Reds pitching staff looks promising for the future.

“We had some injuries,” Bell said. “It's created some opportunities for young guys, created an opportunity for Brandon to come back off his injuries. So, we know, and we've seen this year how important depth can be. So yeah, I mean, for the rest of this year, thankfully, we have that depth, and then we'll think about next year at that time. But it's a good situation to be in.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Cincinnati Reds
Brandon Williamson
You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

January 10th, 2025

Who signed and who didn't? Breaking down the arbitration deadline

January 10th, 2025

Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

January 10th, 2025

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 10th, 2025

Dodgers avoid arb with all but one, exchange figures with Vesia

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/brandon-williamson-continues-reds-impressive-pitching-stretch 
 ----- 
