Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Postgame Takeaways: Reds Three-Game Winning Streak Ends, Fall to Cardinals 2-1
The Reds had plenty of chances, but couldn't come up with a clutch hit.
Greg Kuffner | Sep 11, 2024
Sep 11, 2024; St. Louis, Missouri, USA; Cincinnati Reds starting pitcher Brandon Williamson (55) pitches against the St. Louis Cardinals during the first inning at Busch Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Jeff Curry-Imagn Images / Jeff Curry-Imagn Images
In this story:
Cincinnati Reds

The Cincinnati Reds (71-76) fell to the St. Louis Cardinals (73-72) 2-1 on Wednesday night.

The loss ended the Reds' three-game winning streak.

Here are our postgame takeaways:

Williamson Shines Again

In just his second start and third appearance of the season, Brandon Williamson pitched five good innings, allowing just one run and three hits. He struck out five.

Seeing Williamson come back from injury and pitch well is a very positive sign for the Reds.

Lack of Clutch Hitting

Just a day after going 1-11 with runners in scoring position, the Reds went just 2-9 with runners on base on Wednesday.

In the third inning, they had runners on first and third with nobody out, but Luke Maile, Jonathan India, and Elly De La Cruz all struck out to end the inning.

The Reds' lone run came in the fourth on a Santiago Espinal RBI single.

In the fifth, the Reds had runners on the corners again with just one out, but De La Cruz struck out, and Spencer Steer flew out to end the half-inning.

The Reds had just five hits all night long and Cardinals pitching retired the last 14 Reds batters they faced.

Cardinals Rally Late

The Cardinals took the lead in the eighth when Paul Goldschmidt hit a go-ahead double off of Buck Farmer to the center-field wall. It looked like a ball TJ Friedl would normally catch, but the ball was smoked and he was unable to come up with it.

Up Next

The Reds and Cardinals will face off in the series finale on Thursday at 1:15 ET.

News and Notes

The Reds are 21-24 against the National League Central this year.
Cincinnati is 12-52 when they score three runs or less.
The Reds are 13-41 when they don't hit a home run.

Make sure you bookmark Cincinnati Reds Talk for the latest news, exclusive interviews, and daily coverage of the Cincinnati Reds!

You May Also Like:

Frankie Montas Dominant in Cincinnati Reds’ Win Over Colorado Rockies

Cincinnati Reds Prospect Dominic Pirelli Shining After Promotion to Double-A

Cincinnati Reds Reveal Special City Connect Field at Great American Ballpark

Time For Accountability: Addressing Cincinnati Reds’ Hitting Struggles

How Cincinnati Reds Struggles Compare to Past Years

Growing Pain: Cincinnati Reds Searching for Answers During Long Losing Streak

Bright Spot: Jeimer Candelario Heating up For Cincinnati Reds

Cincinnati Reds Place Christian Encarnacion-Strand on Injured List

Star Youngster Elly De La Cruz Delivering for Cincinnati Reds

Hunter Greene Off to Best Start of Young Career for Cincinnati Reds

Spencer Steer Becoming Stabilizing Force in Cincinnati Reds’ Lineup

Key Veteran Mike Ford Opts Out Of Minor League Contract With Louisville

Elly De La Cruz on Record-Setting Pace for Cincinnati Reds

Ultimate Guide to 2024 Reds Starting Rotation

Ultimate Guide to 2024 Reds Bullpen

Ultimate Guide to 2024 Reds Infield

Ultimate Guide to 2024 Reds Outfield

Four Expectations for Reds Pitching Staff Ahead of 2024 Season

Prospect Overview: In Depth Look at Cincinnati Reds First Rounder Rhett Lowder

Cincinnati Reds Prospect Edwin Arroyo Has Season-Ending Surgery

-----

Follow Inside the Reds on Twitter/X: @RedsTalkSI

Like Our Facebook Page

Subscribe and follow the ONLY Daily Reds Podcast

Follow on Instagram

Published Sep 11, 2024
GREG KUFFNER

Greg Kuffner a contributor to Reds On SI. He graduated from the University of Cincinnati and worked for the Sports Information Department during his time as a student. He follows all things Reds year round, including the minor league system.

Follow RedsDaily4

Home
/
Cincinnati Reds Analysis
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/reds/cincinnati-reds-analysis/postgame-takeaways-reds-three-game-winning-streak-ends-fall-to-cardinals-2-1-01j7j08zp4ns 
 ----- 
