Skip to content
32°
St. Louis, MO
News
Watch Live
Weather
First Alert 4 Investigates
Matrix Midwest
Closings and Delays
Dismiss Closings Alerts Bar
TJ Friedl drives in 2, rookie Rhett Lowder earns 1st MLB win as the Reds beat the Cardinals 3-0
Cincinnati Reds relief pitcher Emilio Pagan celebrates after striking out St. Louis Cardinals' Matt Carpenter with the bases loaded to end a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024, in St. Louis. The Reds won 3-0. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson)(Jeff Roberson | AP)
By The Associated Press
Published: Sep. 11, 2024 at 3:03 AM UTC

ST. LOUIS (AP) — TJ Friedl had a two-run single and scored Cincinnati’s other run, all in the fifth inning, as the Reds beat the St. Louis Cardinals 3-0 on Tuesday night.

The Reds’ Elly De La Cruz stole two bases after walking in the first inning, raising his MLB-leading total to 64 stolen bases. He was thrown out in the third inning when the Cardinals pitched out.

Rhett Lowder (1-1) earned his first win in his third big-league appearance. The 22-year-old right-hander, who was a first-round pick in the 2023 draft, worked five scoreless inning and finished with three strikeouts and no walks.

Emilio Pagán pitched the ninth for his first save. He loaded the bases on two singles and a walk before striking out the next three batters — rookies Jordan Walker and Thomas Saggese and then pinch-hitter Matt Carpenter.

Andre Pallante (6-8) pitched five innings, allowing three runs on six hits. He struck out six, with five walks, a balk and a wild pitch.

After stranding six runners through four innings, the Reds broke through with three runs in the fifth off Pallante.

Jonathan India walked and De La Cruz singled. A wild pitch advanced both runners. With one out, Friedl singled through the hole at shortstop, driving in both runners. Friedl’s single snapped an 0-for-8 skid. Friedl went to third on a balk and stolen base and scored on a high chopper to Pallante, who could only throw to first for an out.

Red manager David Bell was ejected in the sixth inning after De La Cruz was called out on strikes. It was Bell’s fifth ejection this season and 32nd in his career.

Brendan Donovan had three singles in four at-bats for the Cardinals.

TRANSACTIONS

Cardinals: Recalled INF Thomas Saggese from Triple-A Memphis. Optioned OF Victor Scott II to Memphis. Saggese was in the lineup Tuesday, hitting seventh and playing shortstop. The 22-year-old Saggese was acquired from Texas last summer in the Jordan Montgomery trade.

TRAINING ROOM

Reds: 2B Jonathan India (left elbow discomfort) returned to the lineup Tuesday. He left Sunday’s game against the New York Mets after striking out in the sixth inning.

Cardinals: INF Brendan Donovan (foot infection) missed the last two games. He returned to the lineup playing second base and leading off. … RHP Lance Lynn (knee strain) will be activated Wednesday and will start.

UP NEXT

Lance Lynn (6-4, 4.06 ERA) is 9-1 with a 2.11 ERA in 10 career starts (11 appearances) against Cincinnati at Busch Stadium. The Reds have not announced a starter.

Copyright 2024 KMOV. All rights reserved.

De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaar de.
Kia
|
Sponsored
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kousen en zeggen dat ze niet meer...
Energieke Kousen
|
Sponsored
Learn How To Write Faster for Work (Find Out Now)
Harness the power of generative AI to get high-quality drafts and optimi...
Grammarly
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Onverkochte koelkasten wegg egeven voor bijna niets. Beki...
Local Plan
|
Sponsored
Meer lezen
Windenergie besser als Elektri sche Energie? 
Door samenwerkingen en CO₂-reduct ie-initiatieven speelt Eneco een leid...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
|
Sponsored
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektris che auto's kopen, zie prijslijst
Elektrische auto's | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis auto...
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis autoverzekering op...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Vind autolease-opties zonder aanbetaling
Autolease-opties | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Veel senioren niet op de hoogte van gratis autoverzek...
WallStreet Viral
|
Sponsored
Nu zoeken
Most Read
 A Dry Weekend With Some Melting
 New reporting shows St. Louis’ mayor has been jet-setting throughout her term
 200 passengers use emergency slides to evacuate Delta flight in Atlanta after aborted takeoff
 Vape store owner asked teens to trade sex for vapes, authorities say
 Macy’s South County Center is closing
 Viral videos accuse St. Louis-area woman of setting fire to Puerto Rico businesses
Semi-truck stuck under St. Louis overpass
 Judge sentences Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment
Latest News
Cardinals will go to arbitration with Nootbaar, Donovan and Pallante
 Cardinals Winter Warm-Up free autograph tickets available Friday
Paul Goldschmidt, joining Yankees, says of his 2024 season with Cardinals: ‘I’m better than this’
 Cardinals announce MiLB hirings
Reports: Goldschmidt signs with Yankees
Against the odds, Cardinals land 5th pick in MLB Draft Lottery
Nolan Arenado open to switch from third base to first and leaving Cardinals for a team he approves
Cardinals Winter Warm-Up tickets on sale
News
Weather
Sports
Traffic
Great Day
Living Well
Contact Us
Careers
KMOV
77 Progress Parkway
Maryland Heights, MO 63043
(314) 621-4444
Public Inspection File
FCC Applications
EEO Statement
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Advertising
Digital Marketing
Closed Captioning/Audio Description
At Gray, our journalists report, write, edit and produce the news content that informs the communities we serve. Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence.
A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.firstalert4.com/2024/09/11/tj-friedl-drives-2-rookie-rhett-lowder-earns-1st-mlb-win-reds-beat-cardinals-3-0/ 
 ----- 
