Skip to content
24°
Cincinnati, OH
Watch LIVE
News
Cincinnati’s Crime Vault
Weather
A Salute to Heroes
Closings and Delays
Dismiss Closings Alerts Bar
Winter Weather Advisory Is In Effect
Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar
Rhett Lowder shines as Reds shutout Cardinals in series opener
rookie leads Reds to third-straight win
Cincinnati Reds relief pitcher Emilio Pagan celebrates after striking out St. Louis Cardinals' Matt Carpenter with the bases loaded to end a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024, in St. Louis. The Reds won 3-0. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson)(Jeff Roberson | AP)
By Carter Walsh
Published: Sep. 11, 2024 at 3:09 AM UTC

ST. LOUIS (WXIX) - In just his third career start in the Major Leagues, Cincinnati Reds rookie Rhett Lowder is making a name for himself.

The seventh overall pick in the 2023 MLB draft tossed five scoreless innings in his first career win, 3-0 over the St. Louis Cardinals.

Lowder gave up five hits and struck out three. Since being called up on August 30, Lowder has a 0.59 ERA across 15.1 innings pitched.

Elly De La Cruz continued his historic season in the Reds 3-0 win. The young shortstop showed off his speed in the first inning with two stolen bases. He now has 64 steals on the season which leads Major League Baseball.

Cincinnati opened the scoring with a two-run single in the fifth inning off the bat of TJ Friedl. Ty France made it 3-0 later in the inning with an RBI groundout.

Emilio Pagan survived a rocky ninth inning with closer Alexis Diaz unavailable. The Cardinals loaded the bases, before Pagan struck out the next three batters to earn his first save of the season.

Tuesday’s win marks Cincinnati’s third-straight victory and their seventh win in their last nine games.

Lance Lynn (6-4, 4.06 ERA) is scheduled to start for the Cardinals on Wednesday. The Reds have not yet announced a starter.

See a spelling or grammar error in our story? Please click here to report it.

Do you have a photo or video of a breaking news story? Send it to us here with a brief description.

Copyright 2024 WXIX. All rights reserved.

23-year-old spends 6 days in hospital after drink spiked with...
Dept. of Justice ends warrantless airport search program after In...
Autolease-opties | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Vind autolease-opties zonder aanbetaling
Brother and sister pilots fly commercial plane together for...
Police release bodycam footage of shootout with Bourbon Stree...
Skip
Discover
Read More
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaard e.
Kia
|
Sponsored
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kousen en zeggen dat ze niet meer...
Energieke Kousen
|
Sponsored
Use an AI Writing Tool That Actually Understands Your...
Improve grammar, word choice, and sentence structure everywhere you...
Grammarly
|
Sponsored
Install Now
Onverkochte koelkasten wegge geven voor bijna niets. Bekijk...
Local Plan
|
Sponsored
Meer lezen
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrische auto's kopen, zie...
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijzen...
Elektrische auto's | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
|
Sponsored
Windenergie besser als Elektrische Ener gie? 
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun...
Met betaalbare autoverzekeringsmoge lijkheden die specifiek zijn afgestem...
Go find you
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Veel senioren niet op de hoogte van gratis autoverzek...
WallStreet Viral
|
Sponsored
Nu zoeken
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van gratis autoverzek...
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis autoverzekering op...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Most Read
Kohl’s closing 2 Cincinnati locations
 First Alert Weather Day: Snowfall forecast 2 to 4 inches by Saturday morning
Kentucky AG: Kroger ‘allowed the fire of addiction to spread,’ announces $110M settlement
 USPS will not deliver mail on Thursday, here’s why
List of snow emergencies emergencies growing
Breach of contract lawsuits pile up against Frisch’s Restaurants
 Judge sentences Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment
 Newport on the Levee restaurant closes, food hall temporarily shuts down
Latest News
 Chase, Hendrickson named first-team All-Pro, Burrow not selected
 The Freezer Bowl: Looking back at Bengals’ historic win 43 years ago
The Freezer Bowl: Looking back at Bengals’ historic win 43 years ago
 Vikings-Rams playoff game moved to Arizona due to devastating wildfires in Los Angeles
 Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver Jermaine Burton accused of assault, no charges filed
19 on the Clock: Ohio State-Texas and CFP preview, high school basketball talk
Xavier returns home to host Rick Pitino's St. Johns
 Bengals fire defensive coordinator Lou Anarumo, per report
News
Weather
Sports
WXIX Careers
Contact the Newsroom
WXIX
635 West Seventh Street
Cincinnati, OH 45203
(513) 421-1919
Public Inspection File
FCC Applications
FOX19QUESTIONS@FOX19NOW.COM 513-562-2405
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EEO Report
Advertising
Digital Marketing
Closed Captioning/Audio Description
At Gray, our journalists report, write, edit and produce the news content that informs the communities we serve. Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence.
A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 135 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.fox19.com/2024/09/11/rhett-lowder-shines-reds-shutout-cardinals-series-opener/ 
 ----- 
