Holiday Sale | Save 50%
Get Started
Enable Notifications
Browser Extension
LightDark Auto
Sunday, December 29, 2024
Set Location
US Edition
Home
For You
Local
Blindspot
Subscribe
Login
Israel-Hamas Conflict
Basketball
New Year
Donald Trump
NBA
NFL
US Economy
Joe Biden
Patriots
US Politics
US Immigration
Disney
Published 7 months ago • South Sudan • Updated 7 months ago
TNLA pledges SSP10M as S. Sudan hosts Sudan in FIFA match
Summary by Eye Radio
The national parliament has pledged 10 million South Sudan Pounds to the Bright Stars as they host Sudan’s Falcone Jadiene in a Fifa World Cup Qualifiers Match Tuesday afternoon, 11/06/2024, in Juba. In a Facebook post, Speaker Nunu Kumba said she along side some lawmaker paid a courtesy visit to Juba National Stadium, ahead of its official commissioning to today by President Salva Kiir. The Tuesday’s inauguration will see the Bright Stars locki…
This story is only covered by news sources that have yet to be evaluated by the independent media monitoring agencies we use to assess the quality and reliability of news outlets on our platform. Learn more here.
1 Articles
All
Left
Center
Right
Eye Radio
Factuality
Ownership
TNLA pledges SSP10M as S. Sudan hosts Sudan in FIFA match

The national parliament has pledged 10 million South Sudan Pounds to the Bright Stars as they host Sudan’s Falcone Jadiene in a Fifa World Cup Qualifiers Match Tuesday afternoon, 11/06/2024, in Juba. In a Facebook post, Speaker Nunu Kumba said she along side some lawmaker paid a courtesy visit to Juba National Stadium, ahead of its official commissioning to today by President Salva Kiir. The Tuesday’s inauguration will see the Bright Stars locki…

7 months ago
·
South Sudan
Read Full Article
Bias Distribution
There is no tracked Bias information for the sources covering this story.
Factuality

To view factuality data please Upgrade to Premium

Ownership

To view ownership data please Upgrade to Vantage

Eye Radio broke the news in South Sudan 7 months ago on Tuesday, June 11, 2024.
Sources are mostly out of South Sudan (1)
Stories disproportionately reported by the Left or the Right
Blindspot
9 Sources
Democratic Lawyers Call for Congress to Block Trump From Taking Office
L 14%
Right 86%
Blindspot
29 Sources
California man fatally shot by his parole officer, authorities say
Left 50%
Center 50%
See More Blindspots
Similar News Topics
FIFA
Soccer
Sports
South Sudan
Show All

You have read 1 out of your 5 free daily articles.

×

Join us as a member to unlock exclusive access to diverse content. Stay informed with comprehensive global news coverage all in one place. Subscribe now to compare different perspectives, identify biases, and stay ahead of algorithms

Subscribe
US
Company
About
History
Mission
Blog
Testimonials
Group Subscriptions
Subscribe
Gift
Free Trial
Careers
Affiliates
Help
Help Center
FAQ
Contact Us
For Educators/Libraries
Media Bias Ratings
Ownership and Factuality Ratings
Referral Code
News Sources
Topics
Tools
App
Browser Extension
Daily Newsletter
Blindspot Report Newsletter
Burst Your Bubble Newsletter
Timelines
Donate
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
Terms and Conditions
© 2024 Snapwise Inc
Cookie policy
Unlike other news sites, we do not share or sell your data to third-parties for targeted ads. In fact, the Ground News application and website do not run any ads at all. Our application and website use cookies and similar technologies to personalize content we deliver to you and also allows us to improve your usage of our platform through analytics. These cookies help us provide the best experience possible. Learn more about cookies and preference selection here.

By continuing to use our application or website, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Accept CookiesManage cookies

Be balanced and well-informed
Find reliable reporting and cut through the noise. Treat yourself, or a friend, to the gift of perspective with Vantage. Now 50% off.
Get Started
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://ground.news/article/tnla-pledges-ssp10m-as-s-sudan-hosts-sudan-in-fifa-match 
 ----- 
