Skip to content
العربية (Arabic)
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Youtube
 
Instagram

RADIO TAMAZUJ

PRIMARY MENU
SEARCH FOR:
NEWS
South Sudan: Soccer coach appeals for home support
Nicholas Dupuis, the head coach of the South Sudan national football team (Radio Tamazuj photo)

Nicholas Dupuis, the head coach of the South Sudan national football team has called for support for the home team in today’s World Cup qualifier against Sudan.

June 11, 2024 JUBA

Nicholas Dupuis, the head coach of the South Sudan national football team has called for support for the home team in today’s World Cup qualifier against Sudan.

Speaking during a press conference at the Juba National Stadium on Monday, the coach, confirmed the readiness of all his players, pointing out that the match would be difficult because the Sudanese were in second place in their group.

“We are going to play with a lot of ambition and the ambition is to win. Only that. But we need your support,” Dupuis stressed.

Team captain Peter Maker confirmed the hosts’ readiness, saying they had only one goal, to win.

“We have no excuse and we are playing at home. We have every support,” he said.

Maker remained optimistic about his team playing their first competitive international match at home.

“We will play and we will give it our all; everything we have to make the 12 million people happy.”

South Sudan are fifth in their group after three out of the six rounds.



Share on Facebook
Share on X
Post navigation
Sudan: Lawyer discloses why Khartoum massacre probe stalled
Kuel Aguer: Time for president and deputy to quit	
SEARCH FOR:
RECENT POSTS
Opinion| 2025: A new dawn for peace and unity in South Sudan
Awerial authorities ask youth leaders to help clampdown harmful alcohol
Opinion| Abyei-Twic conflict: Unresolved issues and unheeded recommendations
Parliament denies fallen statue is likeness of Speaker Kumba
N. Bahr el Ghazal frees 79 prisoners convicted of petty crimes
CATEGORIES
HIGHLIGHT MAIN STORY MOST READ NEWS OPINIONS SPORT UNCATEGORIZED
SOCIALS
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Youtube
 
Instagram
NEWSLETTER

Copyright © 2024 | All Rights Reserved & Are Property of Radio Tamazuj
Contact | Disclaimer
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotamazuj.org/en/news/article/south-sudan-soccer-coach-appeals-for-home-support 
 ----- 
