Home
Politics
News
Fact checking
Economics
International
Regions
Opinion
Press releases
العربية
Skip to content

Sudan Tribune

Plural news and views on Sudan

HomeNewsSouth Sudan versus Sudan match signifies peace: official
NEWS
South Sudan versus Sudan match signifies peace: official
2 Min

June 10, 2024 (JUBA) – South Sudan’s world qualifier match with neigbouring Sudan will send out a message of hope and peace to the region, an official said.

Tut Gatluak, a security advisor to President Salva Kiir, made the remarks while inspecting Juba national stadium, ahead of the match scheduled for June 11.

“When you see children playing in your house or in the neighborhood, it gives you a positive signal of peace and hope. This is exactly the context of the world cup qualifiers match to be played here on Tuesday between Sudan and our boys. The war in Sudan has affected everything, including sports and with it being played here, it sends out positive signals of commitment to continuing to raise the flag of Sudan and play with others. This means peace and stability”, he stated.

The two countries will play as part of preparations for the world cup qualifier.

Gatluak promised each player 1000 dollars and pledged 10,000 dollars for a win.

“Now I have pledged you 1000 dollars each and if you work hard and succeed, I will reward you with 10,000 dollars each”, he announced.

South Sudan’ Bright Stars already played three matches of the fourth round during which it drew 0-0 against Mauritia, 1-1 against Togo and then lost 4-0 to Senegal.

Gatluak said the president Kiir sent him to raise the morale and spirit of the team during which he would inaugurate and commission the completion of the construction of the national stadium after stalling for three years due to funds.

The world football body (FIFA) intervened and gave 5 million dollars for completion of the project. The new stadium will host football matches against Sudan and South Sudan after the latter was drawn in group B of the FIFA world cup 2026 qualifiers match with Senegal, Togo, Sudan as well as Mauritania.

South Sudan is currently 5th on the table while Sudan is second with seven points.

(ST)

 

RELATED ARTICLES
Sudan frees prominent Islamic leader-party officer
Rights groups calls for extension of arms embargo all over Sudan
SPLM-IO blames international community for allowing peace violations
UN celebrates landmark of 300,000th returnee to South Sudan
EDITOR’S PICKS
Zamzam IDPs caught between conflict and famine
Malnutrition crisis deepens among children in war-torn Sudan
Sudan army airstrikes kill civilians south of Khartoum
POPULAR THIS WEEK
Army-allied forces claim victory over RSF in North Darfur clash
Sudan army airstrikes kill civilians south of Khartoum
Malnutrition crisis deepens among children in war-torn Sudan
UAE welcomes Turkish mediation in Sudan conflict
Zamzam IDPs caught between conflict and famine
CONTACT US ABOUT US العربية

Copyright @ 2024 | Sudan Tribune. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sudantribune.com/article286852/ 
 ----- 
