Home
Politics
News
Fact checking
Economics
International
Regions
Opinion
Press releases
العربية
Skip to content

Sudan Tribune

Plural news and views on Sudan

HomeOpinionCommentsJuba National Stadium is set to open
COMMENTS
Juba National Stadium is set to open

Juba National Stadium

2 Min

 

Steve Paterno

 Juba National Stadium is set to open on June 11th, 2024. The inaugural ceremony will be colourful, with the president of the republic, Salva Kiir, presiding over the ceremony and joined by the president of FIFA, Gianni Infantino, plus other dignitaries, including those from the regional federation of football associations. The day will also witness the Bright Stars, the South Sudan national football team, taking on Sudan national team in a World Cup qualifier match. This will be the first time the Bright Stars will play in the new stadium, which was old and turned new.Watch live soccer online

The old Dar Raida stadium was initially envisioned to be renovated in 2019, but it was quickly realized that the plan was unattainable. A new stadium had to be constructed in its place.

However, the construction faced challenges, among which was a lack of financing. Luckily, the construction is financed by the FIFA Forward program, which is a fund reserved for member states for the development of football. The funding ended up covering the cost of the construction. FIFA approves the stadium for World Cup qualifier matches while demanding that more has to be done to improve the quality of the stadium, including erecting lights to allow games to be played at night, fixing TV screens around the stadium to streamline matches live, and changing some of the seats.Watch live soccer online

The stadium was also marred by controversy between the South Sudan Football Association (SSFA) and the government of Central Equatoria State about the ownership of the stadium. This standoff, which was played in public, has confused football fans ever since. It took the intervention of youthful, energic, newly appointed Minister of Youth and Sports, Dr Joseph Geng Akech, to resolve the dispute and speed up the inauguration of the stadium for South Sudan to host the World Cup qualifier matches.

On June 4th, in a preparatory press conference held at Juba National Stadium, Augustino Madut, the President of SSFA, underscored the timely and significant role played by the Minister of Youth and Sports, Dr. Akech. He pointed out that the last-minute clearing of the roads around the stadium is a clear effort to see the Minister of Youth and Sports exerted.

Juba National Stadium is one of the places in the national capital to hold public events besides football. The stadium is contained and safe, making it peaceful for the public to organize events.Watch live soccer online

RELATED ARTICLES
South Sudan reintroduces COVID-19 restrictions
“The Nile: Shared River, Collective Action”
Sudan gunmen prey on south despite peace – villagers
New rebel group formed in Northern Bahr el Ghazal state
EDITOR’S PICKS
Malnutrition crisis deepens among children in war-torn Sudan
Sudan army airstrikes kill civilians south of Khartoum
Sudan Exam Chaos: Thousands of students barred from crucial tests
POPULAR THIS WEEK
Sudan Exam Chaos: Thousands of students barred from crucial tests
Army-allied forces claim victory over RSF in North Darfur clash
UAE welcomes Turkish mediation in Sudan conflict
Sudan army airstrikes kill civilians south of Khartoum
Malnutrition crisis deepens among children in war-torn Sudan
CONTACT US ABOUT US العربية

Copyright @ 2024 | Sudan Tribune. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sudantribune.com/article286734/ 
 ----- 
