www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 06 07 → Article 1934644
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Friday, 7 June 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

2026 World Cup qualifiers: Kwasi Appiah's Sudan top Group B after victory over Mauritania

« Prev

Next »

Comments (13)

Listen to Article

Share:

Ghanaian coach Kwasi Appiah

The Sudanese national team, led by Ghanaian coach Kwasi Appiah, are flying high in the 2026 World Cup qualifiers, having won two and drawn one of the three matches played so far.

On Thursday, June 6, 2024, Sudan secured their second win of the campaign with a 2-0 victory over Mauritania.

Two goals in the first half ensured that Kwasi Appiah and his team moved to the top of Group B with seven points from three games.

Sudan's first goal was scored by Saif Thierry in the 15th minute. The second Sudanese goal resulted from an own goal by Mauritania’s Aly Abeid.

With Senegal drawing 1-1 with DR Congo in the other group game, Sudan now tops Group B with seven points, two more than second-placed Senegal.

Kwasi Appiah and his Sudanese players will face South Sudan in an away fixture on Tuesday, June 11, 2024.

EK

Related Articles:
There would be dumsor, hardships soon - NPP's Owusu-Bempah predicts
2025 AFCON Qualifiers: Ghana sinks to bottom of Group F after Niger’s mauling of Sudan
Ghana determined to capitalise on Sudan’s slip-up as they face Angola
US-based Osman Bukari rejoins Black Stars after five-month absence for 2025 AFCON qualifiers
'Cheap talk' - Asamoah Gyan slams NDC MP for 2010 World Cup penalty miss comment
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has 13 comment(s), give your comment
Ursula Owusu Arrested
We pray Ghana never gets another President like Akufo-Addo - Krontih...
Asphalt Paving I Search Ads
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Many People Are Surprised By The Price Of Asphalt Paving In 2024...
'God will take care of me' – Koku Anyi doho 'rejects' Mahama appointment
Bawumia is not the first incumbent candidate to concede defeat before...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Many People Are Surprised By The Price Of Asphalt Paving In 2024 (Learn More)
Asphalt Paving I Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
The Biden Administration Should Approve Nippon Steel/U.S. Steel
Ike Brannon
|
Sponsored
Read More
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
"Phone at 1%? Take Backup Power Everywhere!"
Portable Power Station | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
The U.S. Steel deal will save jobs
Ike Brannon
|
Sponsored
Read More
250+ Courses That Will Help You Make the Most of Your Summer
Georgetown is offering courses taught by its world-renowned faculty, so you can explore new subjects and get ahead.
Georgetown University
|
Sponsored
Learn More
News
Controversy erupts over Akufo-Addo's alleged denial of Mahama's presidential entitlements
Business
Dangote reveals the real reason why fuel prices have reduced in Nigeria
Entertainment
I'm done with 'ungrateful' Keche, no more collaborations with them – King Paluta
Africa
Kenyans decry continued abduction of government critics
Opinions
The acrimonious contest for superiority between Prophet Badu Kobi and Prophet Owusu Bempah?
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/2026-World-Cup-qualifiers-Kwasi-Appiah-s-Sudan-top-Group-B-after-victory-over-Mauritania-1934644 
 ----- 
