Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Erik Spoelstra's Statement on Benching Jimmy Butler in Pelicans-Heat
Miami Heat star Jimmy Butler did not play in the fourth quarter against the New Orleans Pelicans.
Joey Linn | Jan 2, 2025
Dec 16, 2024; Detroit, Michigan, USA; Miami Heat forward Jimmy Butler (22) walks off the court after the game against the Detroit Pistons at Little Caesars Arena. / Rick Osentoski-Imagn Images
In this story:
Miami Heat
New Orleans Pelicans

The Miami Heat defeated the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday night by a final score of 119-108. This loss was New Orleans’ 11th-straight, as the NBA’s worst team is now just 5-29 on the season.

For the Heat, this win improved their overall record to 17-14 which is good for sixth in the Eastern Conference standings. Welcoming Jimmy Butler back to the lineup after a five-game absence, Miami reinserted its six-time NBA All-Star into the starting group.

Missing five games due to illness and return to play conditioning, Butler played just under 25 minutes in Wednesday’s win over the Pelicans. Benched for the entire fourth quarter, Butler did not play a single minute in the final frame.

Jan 1, 2025; Miami, Florida, USA; New Orleans Pelicans guard Dejounte Murray (5) defends Miami Heat forward Jimmy Butler (22) during the first half at Kaseya Center. / Rhona Wise-Imagn Images

When asked after the game why he benched Butler down the stretch, Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra noted the star forward’s 13 days off, and also said the group he closed with was playing well.

“I wasn’t even thinking about it as a back to back,” Spoelstra said, noting Miami’s game on Thursday against the Indiana Pacers. “I mean, 13 days is a long time away and I just went with the group there in the fourth that was giving us the most, and to see if that group could close it out.”

Butler has been heavily involved in NBA trade rumors, which always places a bigger spotlight on developments like this one where a star player sits the entire fourth quarter. That said, Spoelstra's reason for benching his star forward down the stretch was a combination of Butler's long absence and how well Miami's group on the floor was playing.

Related Articles

Zion Williamson Gets Brutally Honest After Blowout Loss to Warriors

New Orleans Pelicans Make Roster Move After Loss to Warriors

Brandon Ingram's Honest Statement on Pelicans' Loss to Warriors

Published Jan 2, 2025
JOEY LINN

Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Follow joeylinn_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/pelicans/news/erik-spoelstra-s-statement-on-benching-jimmy-butler-in-pelicans-heat-01jgjr01bpbf 
 ----- 
