Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
FANNATION
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Washington Nationals Achieve Rare Baserunning Feat Not Seen This Century
The Washington Nationals' aggression on the bases has paid off this year.
Tyler Maher | Sep 14, 2024
Sep 12, 2024; Washington, District of Columbia, USA; Washington Nationals outfielder Dylan Crews and Nationals outfielder James Wood round third base. / Geoff Burke-Imagn Images
In this story:
Washington Nationals

The Washington Nationals aren't the best team in baseball this year, but at least they're fun to watch.

Not only are the Nationals loaded with young, improving talent, but they've also been running wild on the bases, taking advantage of their speed and MLB's recent rule changes that have made stealing bases easier.

Entering Saturday's game against the Miami Marlins, Washington leads MLB in stolen bases with 207, averaging 1.41 per contest.

Not only were the Nationals the first team to reach 200 steals this year, but they also have the most stolen bases of any team in the 21st century.

The last team to reach 200 steals was the 2007 New York Mets, who finished with 200 exactly. Over a third of their steals came from Jose Reyes, who led MLB with 78.

Washington doesn't have a dominant base stealer like Reyes. Instead, they have a young, deep, athletic lineup full of stolen-base threats.

Jacob Young leads the team with 32 steals, which ranks fourth in the National League. He's one of four Nationals with at least 20 steals, and one of seven in double digits.

In other words, almost every player in Washington's lineup is capable of stealing a bag when needed.

The Nationals have also been MLB's most aggressive team by far, leading the league with 273 stolen-base attempts -- 34 more than the second-place Cincinnati Reds. They've been caught stealing the most times as well (66), paying a steep price for their constant risk-taking.

Washington has used their speed to help compensate for deficiencies in other areas of their offense, specifically power and plate discipline. The Nationals rank last in the NL in home runs and total bases, and are 13th in walks, slugging percentage, and OPS.

The strategy may not always be effective, but at least Washington is pushing the envelope and looking for alternative ways to score runs.

Published Sep 14, 2024
TYLER MAHER

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/nationals/news/washington-nationals-achieve-rare-baserunning-feat-not-seen-this-century 
 ----- 
