Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Chiefs new recruits
Taylor Swift Travis Kelce
Patrick Mahomes 
Super Bowl 2025 odds
NFL leaked playoffs Super Bowl
College Football Playoff Schedule
Quinn Ewers Cotton Bowl
Cotton Bowl where to watch 
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
JuJu Watkins
Jimmy Butler 
Mets Pete Alonso 
Kim Kardashian wildfire
Jennifer Lopez Wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
News
Scores
Premier League
Liga MX
MLS
Leagues Cup
Champions League
LaLiga
More
Soccer
Cristiano Ronaldo becomes the first athlete to reach an historic milestone on social media

Cristiano Ronaldo recently reached the milestone of 900 goals in official matches.

Al-Nassr awarded Cristiano with a recognition for reaching 900 goals in today's match against Al-AhliLAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 13/09/2024 - 18:53 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email

At 39 years old, Cristiano Ronaldo continues to break records, and this time he became the first athlete to reach one billion followers. He celebrated the achievement and thanked his fans with a post on his official accounts.

In a message on X, Ronaldo wrote: "We've made history - 1 BILLION followers! This is more than just a number - it's a testament to our shared passion, drive, and love for the game and beyond."

On Monday, August 21, CR7 decided to launch his YouTube channel. This achievement set a world record for the fastest channel to reach one million subscribers, taking just 90 minutes. Even more impressively, he broke the record without having a single video on his channel. A month later, he already has 60 million subscribers and continues to break records.

To celebrate the billion, he also uploaded a live video on his YouTube channel where followers can watch the numbers increasing across his various platforms.

"From the streets of Madeira to the biggest stages in the world, I've always played for my family and for you, and now 1 billion of us stand together. You've been with me every step of the way, through all the highs and the lows," CR7 added in the post.

How did CR7 reach a billion?

Ronaldo is the most-followed person on Instagram with 639 million followers, ahead of Lionel Messi who has 501 million. Adding the 113 million followers Ronaldo has on X, the 60 million on YouTube, 170 million on Facebook, and the millions more on popular Asian platforms like Kuaishou and Weibo, he reaches the one billion mark.

An analysis by Hopper HQ estimates that Cristiano Ronaldo earns about $3.23 million per post, thanks to his sponsors.

Who are the most-followed people on social media?
MORE in MARCA
Bill Clint on secr...
Marca
Jennifer Anisto...
Marca

On YouTube, the channel with the most subscribers is MrBeast, with 315 million. At this rate, it seems likely that the Portuguese star will approach these figures within months if he continues to upload videos to his channel.

On X, the person with the most followers is Elon Musk, CEO of the platform, with 197.5 million followers, 84 million more than " el Bicho."

Cristiano Ronaldo - English
Portugal National Football Team - English
Dallas CowboysMicah Parsons slams Giants' front office and calls for investigation after letting go of an old friend
Kansas City ChiefsChiefs' legend says $45 million per year is a bargain for Patrick Mahomes
Celebrity net worthMerab Dvalishvili Net Worth: How much is the UFC 306 star making per fight?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Viaja a Oregon Este Invierno
Travel Oregon
Iowa Say Goodbye to High Auto Ins...
Financebuzz
Here's What You Should Pay for a...
HomeBuddy
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
LifeMD
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/2024/09/14/66e4d05eca4741764f8b45ea.html 
 ----- 
