Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Butler joins elite company with 2nd 3-HR game of season
Share
Butler joins elite company with 2nd 3-HR game of season
August 30th, 2024

Mike Petraglia

Share

0:01

1:31

CINCINNATI -- Lawrence Butler and JJ Bleday did everything in their power to help the A’s secure their first road series sweep of the season.

And thanks to Butler’s third homer that tied the game in the ninth and Seth Brown’s two-run tiebreaking single that followed, the A’s were in position to accomplish the goal in dramatic fashion on Thursday at Great American Ball Park.

Butler recorded his second three-homer game of the season (July 14 at Philadelphia) and finished with five home runs in the three-game set. He’s only the second A’s player with a pair of three-homer games in a season, joining Gerónimo Berroa, who did it in 1996. Butler is the 25th player to accomplish the feat -- the first since Yankees slugger Aaron Judge did so last season -- and only the third player age 24 or younger to do it, joining Mookie Betts (2016) and Ralph Kiner (1947).

Bleday had his first career five-hit game, going 5-for-5 with a home run, and turned in one of Oakland’s best defensive plays of the season. It was Oakland’s first 5-for-5 effort since Jace Peterson’s highlight game on June 6, 2023, that featured two home runs.

Butler’s drive over the wall in right came off Reds closer Alexis Díaz and tied the game, 7-7, but the Reds scored three in the bottom of the ninth, capped by TJ Friedl’s walk-off two-run single off Grant Holman, who did not retire a batter, and the A’s fell, 10-9.

“We did a lot of good things in that game, offensively and defensively,” Butler said. “Our pitchers [gave up] just a couple walks, but I mean, we backed them up. We always have their backs. We never got out of the game.

“We didn’t pull it out. We didn’t get the sweep. But it’s just one of those things where it's one of those games you're still gonna remember for the rest of your career. It was a fun one. We fought really hard, played really good baseball, just tough to sweep the really good ballclub on the other side.”

Related
'We're all going to miss him': A's imagine Spring Training without Rickey

January 11th, 2025

A's sell out 2025 season tix at Sutter Health Park

January 10th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

'They're super excited to have us': A's do some exploring in Sacramento

January 7th, 2025

Needle pointing up for 8 breakout stars of 2024

December 20th, 2024

From 'The A' to MLB, Butler and Harris share bond beyond ball

October 8th, 2024

The game was essentially a carbon copy of Wednesday, when the A’s blew a 5-0 lead, only to rally late for a 9-6 win. Thursday, Oakland was up, 6-1, before the Reds rallied for a 7-6 lead. The A’s came back with a three-run ninth but this time, the bullpen couldn’t hold on.

“We did the same thing offensively [as Wednesday],” manager Mark Kotsay said. “You score nine runs, you expect to win those ballgames. I think just the true lesson is that we have the ability to come back. We can still win baseball games, win trailing. And, you know, for us, the biggest lesson takeaway from this game is just the walks and the free bases killed us."

Bleday added a solo shot -- his 19th -- to go along with a dazzling, diving double play catch in center that will be on the short list of defensive plays of the year.

Bleday’s catch off a sinking Jonathan India liner to right-center and his throw to double up Santiago Espinal at third ended Cincinnati’s three-run sixth that gave it a 7-6 lead.

“I was just anticipating something in the gap, and I feel comfortable going to that side when I'm playing in the outfield,” Bleday said. “It was one of those where I'm like, ‘I'm going to take a chance and dive for this,’ and was able to come up with it. And then I just reacted to it and threw it to third.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

But in the end, Oakland’s four homers and spectacular defense weren't enough to overcome another bullpen meltdown in the Midwest heatwave.

Oakland belted four homers Thursday and 11 for the series in total. J.T. Ginn toughed out five innings, allowing four runs and four hits in his first career Major League start.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Athletics
Lawrence Butler
You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/lawrence-butler-records-second-three-homer-game 
 ----- 
