Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 European Championship, Group Stage
SVN
0-1-0, 1 PTS
1
FT
DEN
0-1-0, 1 PTS
1
Erik Janza - 77'
Christian Eriksen - 17'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Eriksen's fairytale Euro comeback spoilt by Slovenia in draw
ByReuters
Updated: Jun 16, 2024, 06:47 pm

Denmark's Christian Eriksen crowned a remarkable return to the European Championship with a goal 1,100 days after suffering a cardiac arrest but Slovenia snatched a 1-1 draw in an entertaining Euro 2024 Group C opener on Sunday.

Eriksen, who collapsed to the turf in the first half of Denmark's first Euro 2020 game against Finland in Copenhagen, collected a clever flick from Jonas Wind and fired home to give his side the lead in the 17th minute.

Eriksen could have added to his tally but blazed a pair of left-footed efforts wide of the target, and the Danes should have had a second goal midway through the second half, but Jan Oblak managed to swat Rasmus Hojlund's close-range effort away.

Those misses were to prove costly. Slovenia's striker Benjamin Sesko thumped a shot off the post and a minute later defender Erik Janza scored with a deflected shot that wrong-footed Kasper Schmeichel.

It was a tale of two halves as the teams, who played each other twice in qualifying, deservedly took a share of the spoils.

Denmark were wary of Sesko in the buildup and the 21-year-old got an early sight of goal in the 16th minute when he had space outside the box to shoot, but his powerful drive sailed wide.

In the next minute, however, Denmark were ahead. A throw-in high up the pitch and into the box was flicked on by a back heel from Wind to Eriksen, who chested the ball before poking it in the far bottom corner.

The goal was met with a deafening roar from the large contingent of Danish fans in Stuttgart Arena, with the emotion of the moment not lost on those who saw the 32-year-old midfielder collapse on the pitch in Copenhagen.

However, the Danes could not add to their score, with man of the match Eriksen missing a chance for a second goal shortly before the break when he lifted a cut-back from Wind in the box well over the bar.

Matjaz Kek's Slovenia, in their first major tournament since the 2010 World Cup, came out with intent in the second half and grew confident their chance would come, with their outnumbered fans making the most noise as nerves crept in the Danish camp.

Midfielder Adam Gnezda Cerin headed wide with the whole goal to aim at while Janza's free kick into the box was struck wide by Andraz Sporar. The breakthrough finally came after Sesko's pile-driver hit Schmeichel's left-hand post in the 76th minute.

The clearance from a corner fell to Janza outside the area on the left and the defender's fierce strike took a wicked deflection off Morten Hjulmand to sail into the net.

While the Slovenia bench and supporters celebrated wildly, Denmark coach Kasper Hjulmand looked on knowing his side would rue failing to take their chances ahead of their games against England and Serbia to come in the group.

Game Information
MHPArena
4:00 PM, June 16, 2024
Coverage: FS1
Stuttgart, Germany
Line: DEN -0.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 54,000
Referees:
Sandro Scharer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/690577 
 ----- 
