Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Colorado Rockies Become 3rd Team to Get Eliminated From MLB Playoff Contention
A loss to the San Francisco Giants mathematically knocked the Colorado Rockies out of the MLB playoff picture on Saturday night.
Sam Connon | Sep 10, 2023
Colorado Rockies Become 3rd Team to Get Eliminated From MLB Playoff Contention /
In this story:
Colorado Rockies

The Colorado Rockies have officially been eliminated from postseason contention.

The Rockies lost 9-1 to the San Francisco Giants at Oracle Park on Saturday, falling to a National League-worst 51-90 on the season as a result. Colorado is just 3-15 since Aug. 20, which is the worst record in baseball in that span.

With 21 games to go, the Rockies are 35.0 games back of the Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL West standings. On top of that, they are 23.0 games back of the Arizona Diamondbacks for the third and final NL Wild Card spot.

The Oakland Athletics were the first team to get eliminated from playoff contention on Aug. 25, and the Kansas City Royals were the next to see their postseason chances drop to zero on Aug. 29.

Going by FanGraphs' latest projections, there are a few other teams effectively out of the running for a playoff spot in 2023. The Chicago White Sox, Detroit Tigers, Los Angeles Angels, Washington Nationals, New York Mets, Pittsburgh Pirates and St. Louis Cardinals are all being given a 0.0% chance to make the postseason, while the Cleveland Guardians are down to 0.4%, the San Diego Padres are down to 0.3% and the New York Yankees are down to 0.1%.

The White Sox, who are 24.0 games back in the AL Wild Card race and 20.0 games back in the AL Central, figure to be the next team to get wholly eliminated. The Cardinals, Nationals and Mets are all in the running to join the Rockies as the next NL team to get eliminated, but that may not happen until next week.

The Rockies will close out their series with the Giants on Sunday, looking to avoid the sweep on the road. First pitch is scheduled for 8:10 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Published Sep 10, 2023
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/colorado-rockies-become-third-team-to-get-mathematically-eliminated-from-mlb-playoff-contention 
 ----- 
