Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Australia Open 2025
Jack Smith resigns
Ravens beat Steelers
SPORTS
Giants complete 3-game sweep of Rockies behind rookie pitcher’s 1st MLB win
1 of 14 |  

San Francisco Giants pitcher Keaton Winn works against the Colorado Rockies during the first inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

2 of 14 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Joc Pederson, right, celebrates with Mitch Haniger (17) after hitting a home run against the Colorado Rockies during the fifth inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

3 of 14 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Thairo Estrada celebrates after hitting a home run against the Colorado Rockies during the third inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

4 of 14 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Joc Pederson, right, celebrates with third base coach Mark Hallberg (91) after hitting a home run against the Colorado Rockies during the fifth inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

5 of 14 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Joc Pederson, left, and Thairo Estrada, right, celebrate after the Giants defeated the Colorado Rockies in a baseball game in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

6 of 14 |  

Colorado Rockies’ Elehuris Montero reacts after striking out against the San Francisco Giants during the third inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

7 of 14 |  

Colorado Rockies catcher Austin Wynns, left, throws out San Francisco Giants’ Thairo Estrada at first base in front of pitcher Brent Suter during the sixth inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

8 of 14 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Joc Pederson gestures toward fans after hitting a home run against the Colorado Rockies during the fifth inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

9 of 14 |  

San Francisco Giants pitcher Tyler Rogers works against the Colorado Rockies during the eighth inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

10 of 14 |  

Colorado Rockies pitcher Peter Lambert (20) works against the San Francisco Giants during the first inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

11 of 14 |  

Colorado Rockies shortstop Ezequiel Tovar throws out San Francisco Giants’ Luis Matos at first base during the sixth inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

12 of 14 |  

San Francisco Giants third baseman Wilmer Flores throws out Colorado Rockies’ Alan Trejo at first base during the seventh inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

13 of 14 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Thairo Estrada, right, is congratulated by third base coach Mark Hallberg (91) after hitting a home run against the Colorado Rockies during the third inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

14 of 14 |  

Colorado Rockies’ Hunter Goodman hits a two-run triple during the second inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants in San Francisco, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

BY  MICHAEL WAGAMAN
Updated 4:17 AM UTC, September 11, 2023
Share

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Keaton Winn had a career-high nine strikeouts in six innings to get his first major league win, and the San Francisco Giants completed a three-game sweep of the Colorado Rockies with a 6-3 victory Sunday.

Thairo Estrada, Mitch Haniger and Joc Peterson homered for the Giants. Estrada’s homer was his second in two games, while Haniger’s drive was his second in three days after missing 64 games with a broken right forearm.

The Giants edged back into the playoff race with three straight wins following a six-game losing streak that matched their season worst. San Francisco pulled within 1 1/2 games of Arizona for the final NL wild card.

With four of their final 19 games coming against Colorado next week at Coors Field, the Giants have to like their chances. San Francisco has won eight of nine against the Rockies this season and is 16-1 versus Colorado dating to Aug. 21, 2022.

“Obviously, a crucial stretch coming down last 20 games or so,” Haniger said. “We all know this and we’re meeting the challenge head on. The offense has been looking good.”

Winn (1-2), who began his career as a reliever and earned a four-inning save against the Cardinals in his big league debut June 13, was crisp against the Rockies in his third major league start. He didn’t walk anyone, allowed five hits, three runs and threw 62 of his 80 pitches for strikes.

RELATED STORIES
Rockies finalize 1-year deal with infielder Thairo Estrada
Larry Day follows Rob Cerfolio from Cleveland to St. Louis, becomes director of player development
Justin Verlander and San Francisco Giants finalize $15 million, 1-year contract

“Stuff-wise, everything felt good the entire game,” Winn said. “There were no dips or anything. It’s amazing. Something I’ve dreamed of since I was a little kid.”

A fifth-round draft pick from Iowa Western Community College in 2018, Winn also avoided serious injury when he was hit on his left leg near the knee by a 108.4 mph line drive off Elehuris Montero’s bat in the second.

The ball ricocheted away from the pitcher and Montero was credited with an infield single as Winn crouched near the mound in obvious pain. After being checked out by an athletic trainer, Winn remained in the game and urged manager Gabe Kapler to keep him in.

“Just prepared all week for that game, so coming out in the second inning would have (stunk),” Winn said. “Just glad they trusted me enough to stay in the game.”

Kapler praised Winn for pitching through the pain and settling back down.

“You could tell that he was in a lot of pain,” Kapler said. “The interesting part is he lost a little command there for a minute and some balls got hit hard. After that, he settled in nicely. The strike-throwing was impressive. We don’t see that ratio of strikes to balls very often. He was just filling it up on the first pitch (and) was in count leverage all day.”

Nolan Jones followed Montero’s hit with a single before Hunter Goodwin’s two-run triple. Sean Bouchard’s sacrifice fly gave Colorado a 3-0 lead.

The Giants trimmed it to 3-2 in the bottom of the second following a fielder’s choice grounder by Brandon Crawford and an RBI single from Luis Matos.

Estrada led off the third with his 12th home run. Haniger’s two-out, two-run drive later in the inning gave the Giants a 5-3 lead.

Pederson hit his 13th home run in the fifth.

It was another indication that San Francisco’s offense has turned around after scuffling for so long. In the five games preceding the series with Colorado, the Giants scored 11 runs total. They outscored the Rockies 24-12 in the three games that followed.

Kapler credited the offensive turnaround to the normal ebbs and flows of a season, along with the Giants realizing the task at hand with the playoffs looming.

“Probably a combination of those two things, and I would add our lineup getting healthier and healthier,” Kapler said.

All three home runs by San Francisco came off starter Peter Lambert (3-7). Lambert, who missed all of 2020 and most of 2021 following Tommy John surgery, allowed six runs and eight hits in five innings.

Ryan Walker, Tyler Rogers and Camilo Doval each retired three batters to secure the win for the Giants.

Montero had three hits for Colorado. Leadoff batter Charlie Blackmon went 0 for 4, ending his streak of consecutive games reaching base at 22. It was the longest active streak in the majors.

The Rockies finished 1-5 on their road trip and are 9-32 against teams from the NL West.

LOOK MA, NO GLOVE

Giants third baseman Wilmer Flores made a barehanded grab of Ezequiel Tovar’s short hopper and a one-bounce throw to first baseman LaMonte Wade Jr., who made the scoop for the out.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Giants OF Michael Conforto (left hamstring strain) is day to day. Kapler expects Conforto back in the lineup soon.

UP NEXT

Rockies: LHP Kyle Freeland (6-14, 5.09 ERA) faces the Cubs in Colorado on Monday. Freeland has lost three of his previous four starts against Chicago.

Giants: RHP Alex Cobb (7-6, 3.74) will start Monday’s home game against the Guardians. Cobb is 4-2 in his career versus Cleveland.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
AP News Quiz - Jan. 10,...
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu een proefrit.
Kia
:
Advertisement
Farming tech is on display at CES as companies showcase their green innovations and in...
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Man who fatally stabbed attack er on NYC subway won't be charged, prosecutor says
Trump can still vote after senten cing, but can't own a gun and...
President-elect Donald Trump doesn’t have to go to jail, pay a fine or perform...
AP News
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Former first lady Michelle Obama didn't attend the state funeral for former Presi...
AP News
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kouse n en zeggen dat ze...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
De nieuwe Kia EV6 rijd en? Ontdek je maandb edrag.
Kia
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgev...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Bloedsuiker uit balans ? Probeer deze truc van 5 seconden vand...
GlucoSerenity
Advertisement:
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun aut...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Geen honger, geen strenge diëten? met deze capsules verbrandt je...
Hoe duizenden tevreden gebruikers hun gewichtsverliesdoelen sneller hebben...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elekt rische auto's kopen, zie prijslijst
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijzen zijn...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Tot wel 13 kg gewicht sverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verbazin...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Alleen vandaag - Adid as tot -33% korting.
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Banken haten het als senioren deze spaarre keningen met hoge...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Nu zoeken
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
Alleen vandaag in de uitverkoop:
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Ontdek hoe slim je bent. Beantwoord 22 vragen en ontdek ho...
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Lessons learned at the Vogue Business Futur e of Shopping Summit
CIO | Google & Shopify
Advertisement:
Appeals court denies bid to block public release of special...
A federal appeals court has denied a bid to block the public release of special couns...
AP News
ACLU sues Florida Gov. DeSantis for not calling special elections...
The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit accusing Florida Gov. Ron...
AP News
Is jouw IQ hoger dan het gemiddelde in Nederland (102)? Ma...
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Smooth scaling for peak retail performa...
CIO | Google & Shopify
Advertisement:
5-sterrencamping en -glamping in het hart van de Sologne
Sandaya
Advertisement:
Meer lezen
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met dit alarm
Verisure®:Advertisement
Ontvang bod
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Banken haten het als senioren deze spaarrekeningen met hoge rente ontdekken
WallStreet Viral:Advertisement
Nu zoeken
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Bloedsuikerhelper:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/giants-rockies-winn-estrada-haniger-pederson-53a2bc91dfe9f093fe1e87f9c2fb0621 
 ----- 
