Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
San Francisco 49ers
Nick Bosa's mother assures fans he's ready to play and in better shape than ever before

Nick's mom says he's better than ever

Nick Bosa, superstar defensive end for the San Francisco 49ers.LAPRESSE
LW
09/09/2023 - 17:19 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Rhamondre Stevenson injury update: Ezekiel Elliott a good fantasy option?
NFL. Cooper Kupp sidelined by Los Angeles Rams amid recurrent hamstring issues

Nick Bosa, the highest-paid defensive player in NFL history, has returned to the San Francisco 49ers after his offseason. His mother, Cheryl Bosa, spoke to Bay Area radio station 95.7 The Game about her son's return and the time he spent away from the team. She revealed that Nick had been working out with his brother, Chargers defensive end Joey Bosa, and his father, John, during his holdout.

"Physically, he's a specimen," Cheryl said on the "Willard & Dibs" show. "Literally, he's in better shape than he's ever been in his life. He's faster than he was, he's stronger than he was last year if you can imagine. I mean, that's all fact."

Cheryl also noted that Nick had been missing out on important offseason experiences like telling local reporters he's in the best shape of his life. She stepped in to make up for lost time and make sure everyone knows that her son is ready to go. However, she also acknowledged that there's no replacing actual football and that Nick will need some time to get his legs under him.

"I'm real happy that he's going to get some reps with Trent tomorrow," she said. "You can be in great shape, but if you're going up against Trent Williams, you need a little more than just being in great shape. I'm very, very happy that he's on his way there and that he's going to have Thursday, Friday with his boys to get his legs under him."

Bosa is expected to play against Steelers
MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

Despite missing most of the offseason due to contract negotiations, Nick is expected to be ready for the Niners' Week 1 game against the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday. Head coach Kyle Shanahan predicted that Nick would only miss the game if he had a "beer belly" and was out of shape, which Cheryl confirmed is not the case.

If Cheryl's assessment is to be believed, Nick is in top physical condition and ready to dominate on the field. His hard work during his holdout should pay off as he rejoins his team for the upcoming season.

NFL - English
San Francisco 49ers - English
Nick Bosa - English
San Francisco 49ersRumor mill buzzing: Nick Bosa's contract could rival Aaron Donald's
NFLPatrick Mahomes throws an interception, and memes erupt: Is Dak Prescott the best in the NFL?
Detroit LionsDan Campbell's unique coaching philosophy shines through in Lions' stunning victory
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu...
Kia
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/san-francisco-49ers/2023/09/10/64fcedaf268e3ee0188b45b5.html 
 ----- 
