Skip to Main Content
OPEN
CLOSE
MENU
Boston.com
Search
SPORTS
CELTICS
JAYSON TATUM
JAYLEN BROWN
PATRIOTS
BRUINS
RED SOX
REVS
RED SOX
Ceddanne Rafaela, Jarren Duran homer in 10th inning as Red Sox bounce back and beat Tigers 7-5
“We grind to the end,” Rafaela said. “That was a great game.”
Jarren Duran hit Tyler Holton's first pitch 431 feet into the right field stands to make it a three-run game. AP Photo/Paul Sancya

By DAVE HOGG, Associated Press

August 30, 2024
2 minutes to read
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Email
4

DETROIT (AP) — Ceddanne Rafaela and Jarren Duran homered in the 10th inning as the Boston Red Sox rebounded after squandering a four-run lead and beat the Detroit Tigers 7-5 on Friday night.

The Tigers trailed 4-0 heading in the eighth inning, but rallied and forced extra innings by scoring three times in the eighth and once in the ninth.

But, Rafaela’s 14th homer of the season, off Shelby Miller (6-8), scored Nick Sogard and made it 6-4 with one out in the 10th.

“We grind to the end,” Rafaela said. “That was a great game.”

Rafaela swung and missed at two straight high fastballs. Miller tried a third, and Rafaela made contact at 102 mph.

ADVERTISEMENT:

“He got me with the first two, so I had to make an adjustment,” he said. “I got him with the last one.”

Duran, who doubled in his first two at-bats, hit Tyler Holton’s first pitch 431 feet into the right field stands to make it a three-run game at 7-4.

Chris Martin pitched the 10th for Boston, allowing the automatic runner Riley Greene to score on a groundout before earning his second save.

Connor Wong doubled and homered for the Red Sox (70-65), who moved 2 1/2 games ahead of the Tigers (68-68) for fourth in the American League wild-card race.

Kerry Carpenter hit a three-run homer off Brennan Bernardino in the eighth inning to rally the Tigers and end Detroit’s 21-inning scoreless drought.

ADVERTISEMENT:

“We weren’t getting anything going, so I sent Andy (Ibáñez) up there to try to get something going,” Tigers manager A.J. Hinch. “We wanted to give Riley (Greene) or Carp to give us a chance to get back into the game.”

Zach McKinstry led off the ninth with a single off Kenley Jansen and stole second. Colt Keith struck out before Jake Rogers tied the game with a double to left.

“We knew we had to be aggressive with Zach, especially off Kenley’s leg kick,” Hinch said. “He made it and Jake came through.”

Jansen (4-2) picked up the win.

Red Sox starter Tanner Houck allowed three hits and two walks while striking out six in six shutout innings

Tigers starter Casey Mize allowed four runs on six hits and a walk in six innings. He gave up four doubles and a homer in his first start since a hamstring strain on June 30.

“I was a little sluggish at the start, but I thought I got better,” he said. “I was happy to go six, but the homer at the end was a gut-punch.”

Duran’s early doubles helped Boston to a 2-0 lead. He scored in the first and moved Romy Gonzalez to third in the third, where he scored on Wilyer Abreu’s sacrifice fly.

ADVERTISEMENT:

Houck hit Rogers and Greene in the third, but escaped the inning without harm.

The Red Sox moved out to a 3-0 lead in the fourth when Tyler O’Neill walked, stole second and scored on Wong’s double.

Detroit didn’t get a hit until McKinstry led off the fifth with a single, but he was thrown out trying to take third on Parker Meadows’ base hit to right.

Wong made it 4-0 with a homer in the sixth.

UP NEXT

The teams play the second game of the series on Saturday — the day the Tigers honor their 1984 World Series champions. Detroit ace LHP Tarik Skubal (15-4, 2.58 ERA) will face RHP Nick Pavetta (5-9, 4.61).

Sign up for Red Sox updates⚾

Get breaking news and analysis delivered to your inbox during baseball season.

Submit your email
Enter your email address
Sign up

Conversation
This discussion has ended. Please join elsewhere on Boston.com
In Related News
Alex Cora reveals real reason Masataka Yoshida didn’t play outfield in 2024, opens door for more fielding time in 2025
MORNING SPORTS UPDATE
How far apart Red Sox, Jarren Duran reportedly were in arbitration figure submissions
MORNING SPORTS UPDATE
Mookie Betts revised his reaction to World Series incident with Yankees fans, giving uncensored take
Follow Boston.com on Instagram (Opens in a New Tab)
Follow Boston.com on Twitter (Opens in a New Tab)
Like Boston.com on Facebook (Opens in a New Tab)

©2025 BOSTON GLOBE MEDIA PARTNERS, LLC

Tell Us What You Think
DO NOT SELL MY DATA
GAMBLING DISCLAIMER
PRIVACY POLICY
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
ADVERTISE
TERMS OF SERVICE
MEMBER AGREEMENT
CONTACT US
CAREERS
SITE MAP
Some areas of this page may shift around if you resize the browser window. Be sure to check heading and document order.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 870 partners will store and access information on your device with your consent. Browsing data is collected through the use of cookies to process personal data. You can give or withdraw your consent by clicking on the `Show Purposes` button. You can manage your choices and exercise your right to object on the basis of legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the cog icon at the bottom left corner of every page.Privacy Notice
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.boston.com/sports/boston-red-sox/2024/08/30/red-sox-tigers-ceddanne-rafaela-jarren-duran-tanner-houck/ 
 ----- 
