Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
Karl-Anthony Towns
Karl-Anthony Towns stats tonight: How did Knicks star fare against Wizards? (Dec. 30)
Karl-Anthony Towns stats tonight: How did Knicks star fare against Wizards? (Dec. 30)
By
Kim Daniel Rubinos
Modified Dec 31, 2024 03:17 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Karl-Anthony Towns stats tonight: How did Knicks star fare against Wizards? (Dec. 30) (Image Source: Getty)

Karl-Anthony Towns and the New York Knicks won against the Washington Wizards for the second straight game in Capital One Arena, Washington D.C.

Knicks registered their season-best eighth consecutive win on Monday. The Knicks improved to 23-10 and are now 0.5 games behind the defending champion Boston Celtics for second place in the Eastern Conference.

While the game on Saturday went down to the wire, with the Knicks escaping with a 136-132 win, it is a much easier victory for New York on Monday, 126-106. Towns led all scorers in the game and registered another double-double performance. He finished with an efficient 32 points and 13 rebounds. He shot 68.4% from the field (13-for-19).

Trending

His numbers in the two games against the Wizards are nearly identical. On Saturday's overtime win, Towns finished with 30 points and 14 rebounds. He also made 13 of his 19 shots (68.4%) in the first game.

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

During the Knicks' current eight-game winning streak, Towns has four 30-point games, including Monday's victory at the nation's capital. Towns has also registered six double-double performances during the run. In the two games that Towns did not have a double-double, he still flirted with a double-digit rebounding performance—with nine and eight rebounds.

Jalen Brunson added 18 points on Monday after scoring a season-high 55 points on Saturday.

Here are Karl-Anthony Towns' stats on Monday against the Wizards.

Karl-Anthony Towns' stats against the Washington Wizards
Player	PTS	REB	AST	STL	BLK	TO	FG	3-PT FG	FT	+/-
Karl-Anthony Towns	32	13	1	1	0	1	13-19	0-3	6-7	21
Karl-Anthony Towns and girlfriend, Jordyn Woods, visit the White House

After the Knicks' close win on Saturday, Karl-Anthony Towns and his girlfriend, Jordyn Woods, visited the White House. The couple took their families for a tour of the historic landmark as well.

"Jordy in the House 🤍 surprised our family with a tour of the White House!! 🥹," Woods wrote in the Instagram caption.

Woods shared a video on her Instagram and then followed it with a post with multiple snaps of the White House.

Karl-Anthony Towns and the Knicks will hope to register their ninth straight victory on Thursday as they host the visiting Utah Jazz, which boasts the fifth-worst record in the NBA this season (7-23).

Washington Wizards Nation! You can check out the latest Washington Wizards Schedule and dive into the Wizards Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Washington Wizards New York Knicks Karl-Anthony Towns
Edited by Kim Daniel Rubinos
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-karl-anthony-towns-stats-tonight-how-knicks-star-fare-wizards-dec-30 
 ----- 
