ERR kasutab oma veebilehtedel http küpsiseid. Kasutamist jätkates nõustute kõikide ERR-i veebilehtede küpsiste seadetega
SAIN ARU
LOEN VEEL
X
news
Estonian team ready for tough Euro 2024 play-off against Poland
NEWS
Aet Süvari, ERR
21.03.2024 11:03
1
The Estonian men's national football team in a Euro 2024 qualifier against Sweden. Source: Ken Mürk/ERR

The Estonian men's national football team face Poland on Thursday night at Warsaw's Narodowy Stadium. With over 50,000 spectators expected to attend, the winner will be one match away from a place at this summer's European Championship finals in Germany.

Estonia lost seven of their eight games during the Euro 2024 qualifying campaign and ended up with a goal difference of -20. Nevertheless, they earned the right to participate in the Euro 2024 play-offs thanks to their success in the 2022/23 Nations League, when they finished top of a sub-group including Malta and San Marino.

Poland won three and drew two of their eight matches during qualifying, finishing third in Group E behind Albania and the Czech Republic. The Poles have appeared in the last four European Championships, reaching the quarter-finals in 2016, where they were beaten by eventual winners Portugal.

Poland also made it to the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, losing in the round of 16 to finalists France.

Poland's squad includes eight players, who ply their trade in Italy and three from the English Premier League. There is also, of course, captain Robert Lewandowski, who has scored 82 goals in 146 international appearances. Lewandowski also provided two assists and scored once for Barcelona in their 3-0 win over Atletico Madrid on Sunday.

For Estonia, Sergei Zenjov, Mattias Käit, Rauno Sappinen, Martin Miller, Taijo Teniste, Ramol Sillamaa and Rocco Robert Shein all missed out of the trip to Poland through injury. Captain Konstantin Vassiljev is injured too and has not yet played in the Meistriliiga this season as a result.

Konstantin Vassiljev. Source: SCANPIX/EPA

Ahead of the game, Vassiljev, who previously played club football in Poland, said he expects the home team to put Estonia under pressure from the off.

"We are preparing for a very tough game. Poland are favorites, being at home with their home crowd. I'm definitely expecting them to come out with a lot of energy from the first second and so, we just have to be ready for that," Vassiljev said.

Ex-Liverpool defender Ragnar Klavan, now of Tallinna Kalev, is back in the squad however for the first time since March 2022.

"I'm looking forward to the game ahead of us. It will definitely be a very tough challenge, but what we are fighting for is a really big dream for me and all the other players."

Ragnar Klavan. Source: ERR

Head coach Thomas Häberli said his team have to play bravely. "We already knew in March 2022 that if everything goes as expected, this game will come. Now there is just a day left and we want to be brave, and we want to fight for Estonia," Häberli said at a press conference on Wednesday.

The Euro 2024 qualifying match between Poland Estonia kicks off at 9.45 p.m. Estonian time on Thursday.

The other Euro 2024 play-off semi-final between Wales and Finland will take place at the same time. The winners of the two games will meet each other in the play-off final on March 26, to determine which side makes it the finals in Germany.

--

Follow ERR News on Facebook and Twitter and never miss an update!

Editor: Kristjan Kallaste, Anders Nõmm, Michael Cole

konstantin vassiljev
football
poland
euro 2024
estonian men's national football team
Message ERR News
RELATED
Estonia looking to bounce back from Poland defeat in Finland friendly
Estonian U21s football team triumph 6-1 over the 'wrong' Danish side
Estonia's Euro2024 playoff hopes dashed in 5:1 away loss to Poland
Estonia men's national team to face Switzerland in friendly this June
Estonian men's football team to meet Sweden again, in UEFA Nations League
Estonian head coach names 25-man squad for January training camp
Estonia playing for Euro 2024 finals Group D wildcard spot
Euro 2024 hopefuls Estonia fall further in FIFA world rankings
LISTEN: CHRISTMAS 24/7
Radio 2 launches temporary 24/7 Christmas music station
LISTEN: RADIO TALLINN
WATCH: JUPITER
ABOUT US

ERR News is the English-language service of Estonian Public Broadcasting, run by a fully independent editorial team.

To read up on ERR News' comments rules and to contact ERR's other services, please follow the link below.

Staff, contacts & comments

LATEST NEWS
07:26
Baltic, Nordic ministers urge Georgian government to call new elections
07:21
Former Navy chief: Finland's handling of Eagle S highlights Estonia's shortcomings
07:08
Finnish police: Drag mark running tens of kilometers along the seabed
29.12
New Russian shadow fleet ship spotted near undersea cable in Gulf of Finland
29.12
Development plan: Gas network needs more funding to boost energy security
29.12
ERR in Erbil: Future of Estonian mission in Iraq depends on allies
29.12
Traffic fatalities in Estonia up by ten since 2023
29.12
Leaking LNG tanker transported off Tallinn-Pärnu Highway Updated 29.12
29.12
Estonian TSO chief: Two cables out wouldn't have greatly swayed power supply
29.12
Katri Raik elected Narva mayor again as Toots ousted by no-confidence vote
HOW MUCH WILL YOU PAY?
Official car tax calculator: See how much you'll have to pay
MOST READ ARTICLES
29.12
New Russian shadow fleet ship spotted near undersea cable in Gulf of Finland
28.12
Stores will stop giving out 1 and 2 cent coins from January 1
28.12
Oil tanker seized by Finland 'was loaded with spying equipment'
28.12
Paper: Finnish authorities prevented damage to EstLink 1, Balticconnector
28.12
Tallinn to welcome 2025 with concert and drone show
29.12
Leaking LNG tanker transported off Tallinn-Pärnu Highway Updated 29.12
28.12
Researcher: Finland's detention of Eagle S oil tanker sets legal precedent
29.12
Estonian TSO chief: Two cables out wouldn't have greatly swayed power supply
USEFUL INFORMATION
Commenting on ERR News articles
ERR News materials terms of use
ERR
Üldinfo
Avalik teave
Kontaktid
Pressiteated
Eetikanõunik
Tule tööle/praktikale
Ajalugu
In English
По-русски
Arhiiv ja teenused
Arhiivide üldinfo
arhiiv.err.ee
Koopiad ja kasutamine
Muuseum
Kostüümilaenutus
Tehnilised teenused
Helistuudiod
Kultuuriteated
Uudisteportaalid
Uudised
Sport
Kultuur
Novaator
Meelelahutus
Ilm
rus.err.ee
news.err.ee
Programmid
ETV
ETV2
ETV+
Vikerraadio
Raadio 2
Klassikaraadio
Raadio 4
Raadio Tallinn
Jupiter
Varia
Vaegkuuljatele ja -nägijatele
Kasutustingimused
Isikuandmete töötlemisest
Jupiter+
Jupiter IO
Lasteekraan
Raadioteater
Eesti Rahvusringhääling | F. R. Kreutzwaldi 14, 15029 Tallinn, Eesti | E-post: err[ät]err.ee | Tel: 628 4100 | Toimetus
Teoste avaldamine sel lehel on kooskõlastatud EAÜ/NCB-ga
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://news.err.ee/1609288899/estonian-team-ready-for-tough-euro-2024-play-off-against-poland 
 ----- 
