Continue with ads …
Use as.com with personalized advertising, tracking and cookies free of charge.﻿
This model will allow you to continue browsing as before. The acceptance of cookies and similar technologies will involve the collection and use of your browsing information for advertising and personalisation purposes according to your interests. This advertising is essential for us to continue offering quality content, effective services to users and an improved user experience.
For this, we and our 866 partners ﻿require your consent﻿to the processing of personal data﻿ for the following purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
Most purposes explained in this notice rely on the storage or accessing of information from your device when you use an app or visit a website. For example, a vendor or publisher might need to store a cookie on your device during your first visit on a website, to be able to recognise your device during your next visits (by accessing this cookie each time).
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Advertising and content can be personalised based on your profile. Your activity on this service can be used to build or improve a profile about you for personalised advertising and content. Advertising and content performance can be measured. Reports can be generated based on your activity and those of others. Your activity on this service can help develop and improve products and services.
Use limited data to select advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
A car manufacturer wants to promote its electric vehicles to environmentally conscious users living in the city after office hours. The advertising is presented on a page with related content (such as an article on climate change actions) after 6:30 p.m. to users whose non-precise location suggests that they are in an urban zone.
A large producer of watercolour paints wants to carry out an online advertising campaign for its latest watercolour range, diversifying its audience to reach as many amateur and professional artists as possible and avoiding showing the ad next to mismatched content (for instance, articles about how to paint your house). The number of times that the ad has been presented to you is detected and limited, to avoid presenting it too often.
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
If you read several articles about the best bike accessories to buy, this information could be used to create a profile about your interest in bike accessories. Such a profile may be used or improved later on, on the same or a different website or app to present you with advertising for a particular bike accessory brand. If you also look at a configurator for a vehicle on a luxury car manufacturer website, this information could be combined with your interest in bikes to refine your profile and make an assumption that you are interested in luxury cycling gear.
An apparel company wishes to promote its new line of high-end baby clothes. It gets in touch with an agency that has a network of clients with high income customers (such as high-end supermarkets) and asks the agency to create profiles of young parents or couples who can be assumed to be wealthy and to have a new child, so that these can later be used to present advertising within partner apps based on those profiles.
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
An online retailer wants to advertise a limited sale on running shoes. It wants to target advertising to users who previously looked at running shoes on its mobile app. Tracking technologies might be used to recognise that you have previously used the mobile app to consult running shoes, in order to present you with the corresponding advertisement on the app.
A profile created for personalised advertising in relation to a person having searched for bike accessories on a website can be used to present the relevant advertisement for bike accessories on a mobile app of another organisation.
Create profiles to personalise content
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
You read several articles on how to build a treehouse on a social media platform. This information might be added to a profile to mark your interest in content related to outdoors as well as do-it-yourself guides (with the objective of allowing the personalisation of content, so that for example you are presented with more blog posts and articles on treehouses and wood cabins in the future).
You have viewed three videos on space exploration across different TV apps. An unrelated news platform with which you have had no contact builds a profile based on that viewing behaviour, marking space exploration as a topic of possible interest for other videos.
Use profiles to select personalised content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
You read articles on vegetarian food on a social media platform and then use the cooking app of an unrelated company. The profile built about you on the social media platform will be used to present you vegetarian recipes on the welcome screen of the cooking app.
You have viewed three videos about rowing across different websites. An unrelated video sharing platform will recommend five other videos on rowing that may be of interest to you when you use your TV app, based on a profile built about you when you visited those different websites to watch online videos.
Measure advertising performance
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
You have clicked on an advertisement about a “black Friday” discount by an online shop on the website of a publisher and purchased a product. Your click will be linked to this purchase. Your interaction and that of other users will be measured to know how many clicks on the ad led to a purchase.
You are one of very few to have clicked on an advertisement about an “international appreciation day” discount by an online gift shop within the app of a publisher. The publisher wants to have reports to understand how often a specific ad placement within the app, and notably the “international appreciation day” ad, has been viewed or clicked by you and other users, in order to help the publisher and its partners (such as agencies) optimise ad placements.
Measure content performance
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
You have read a blog post about hiking on a mobile app of a publisher and followed a link to a recommended and related post. Your interactions will be recorded as showing that the initial hiking post was useful to you and that it was successful in interesting you in the related post. This will be measured to know whether to produce more posts on hiking in the future and where to place them on the home screen of the mobile app.
You were presented a video on fashion trends, but you and several other users stopped watching after 30 seconds. This information is then used to evaluate the right length of future videos on fashion trends.
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
The owner of an online bookstore wants commercial reporting showing the proportion of visitors who consulted and left its site without buying, or consulted and bought the last celebrity autobiography of the month, as well as the average age and the male/female distribution of each category. Data relating to your navigation on its site and to your personal characteristics is then used and combined with other such data to produce these statistics.
An advertiser wants to better understand the type of audience interacting with its adverts. It calls upon a research institute to compare the characteristics of users who interacted with the ad with typical attributes of users of similar platforms, across different devices. This comparison reveals to the advertiser that its ad audience is mainly accessing the adverts through mobile devices and is likely in the 45-60 age range.
Develop and improve services
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
A technology platform working with a social media provider notices a growth in mobile app users, and sees based on their profiles that many of them are connecting through mobile connections. It uses a new technology to deliver ads that are formatted for mobile devices and that are low-bandwidth, to improve their performance.
An advertiser is looking for a way to display ads on a new type of consumer device. It collects information regarding the way users interact with this new kind of device to determine whether it can build a new mechanism for displaying advertising on this type of device.
Use limited data to select content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
A travel magazine has published an article on its website about the new online courses proposed by a language school, to improve travelling experiences abroad. The school’s blog posts are inserted directly at the bottom of the page, and selected on the basis of your non-precise location (for instance, blog posts explaining the course curriculum for different languages than the language of the country you are situated in).
A sports news mobile app has started a new section of articles covering the most recent football games. Each article includes videos hosted by a separate streaming platform showcasing the highlights of each match. If you fast-forward a video, this information may be used to select a shorter video to play next.
Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
Precise geolocation and information about device characteristics can be used.
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Share data and profiles not linked to your identity
Allows you to send the user profile obtained through deductive techniques along with your browsing data and an advertising identifier code to advertisers, advertising agencies, intermediaries and other operators that enable this exchange of information to assess whether your profile is within the target audience for a specific ad and, where appropriate, show you that ad based on your interests.
You can read the reasons behind these access modalities here.
Agree & continue
Privacy settings
… or with contentpass
Use as.com and 500 other websites, such as huffingtonpost.es and cadenaser.com, ad-free and tracking-free with contentpass for a flat rate of 3,99 € per month.
As an alternative to paying with your attention and data, contentpass allows you to use all participating websites without ad banners, ad cookies and personalized tracking.
Deny & surf ad-free
Log in with contentpass
Data Privacy
contentpass FAQ
News
How to watch
Fixtures
Matchday
Standings
Ranking
MLS
LaLiga
World Cup
Premier League
Champions League
CONCACAF Champions
USWNT
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Liga mexicana
Europa League

COPA AMÉRICA

Who is Kevin Ortega, the referee for USMNT - Uruguay at the Copa América today?
Ortega, 32, will be the match referee at Arrowhead Stadium today, as the US and Uruguay bid to secure a spot in the quarter-finals.
Eduardo LópezFmercu9
William AllenWAS_Allen
Update: Jul 1st, 2024 07:06 EDT
0
Getty Images
Cristiano Ronaldo: “Vinicius should have won the Ballon d’Or”
Who are Paris FC? The club that seeks to “wipe PSG off the map”

USMNT - Uruguay: how it happened | with controversial Pulisic handshake snub

Peruvian Kevin Ortega will referee the United States men’s national team’s crunch Copa América clash with Uruguay, as both sides bid to seal their passage to the quarter-finals.

CRISTIANO RONALDO targeting 1000 career GOALS
What do USMNT, Uruguay need to reach QFs?

While Group C leaders Uruguay need just a point to be certain of going through in top spot - and are likely to progress even if they lose - the USMNT are less well placed. After defeat to Panama in their second game of the round-robin stage, the hosts currently occupy the group’s second quarter-final berth, but are only ahead of the third-placed Panamanians on goal difference.

Anything less than a win may not be enough to take the US through to the last eight - and if Gregg Berhalter’s men do beat the Uruguayans, their fate still isn’t in their hands. They must hope that Panama don’t beat bottom side Bolivia by a margin wide enough to overhaul a -2 goal-difference deficit.

Group C standings ahead of matchday three:
Who is Kevin Ortega?

A referee who made his top-flight domestic debut in 2015, at the age of 23, Ortega has become a familiar presence in both the Copa Sudamericana, South America’s second-tier club competition, and the continent’s elite tournament, the Copa Libertadores.

In 2022, Ortega courted controversy in a Copa Libertadores match between Argentinians Boca Juniors and Bolivians Always Ready. After he awarded Boca a soft winning penalty, Always Ready cried foul when it emerged that their opponents had gifted Ortega club shirts before the game. Boca, however, insisted that this was a routine gesture. “In every match, we show courtesy and attentiveness by giving the match officials a present,” director Jorge Bermúdez said, per Argentinian media outlet TyC Sports.

In the international game, Ortega was among the referees in the men’s soccer tournament at the Tokyo Olympics in 2021. His assignments included Spain’s 1-0 victory over hosts Japan in the semi-finals. The following year, he acted as the fourth official in several games at the 2022 men’s World Cup, including the USMNT’s 1-0 group-stage win over Iran.

Today’s game will be Ortega’s first as the match referee at a Copa América. He was the fourth official for the USMNT’s 2-1 defeat to Panama on Thursday, and for Venezuela’s 2-1 Group B victory over Ecuador on June 22.

USMNT vs Uruguay: start time, how to watch

The Group C matchday-three clash between the USMNT and Uruguay takes place today, Monday July 1 2024, with kick-off at Kansas City’s Arrowhead Stadium scheduled for 9pm ET/6pm PT. Viewers in the US will be able to watch the game on Fox Sports 1, TUDN USA, Univision and ViX. You’ll also have the option of streaming the action on fuboTV, which offers users a free trial.

Enjoy the USMNT vs Uruguay on fubo.

RELATED STORIES

COPA AMÉRICA

Balogun with Uruguay in his sights

MLS

Horror injury to Mason Stajduhar raises questions

You can follow live-text commentary of the USMNT vs Uruguay, right here at AS USA. Will Gittins will be building up to the match from around 90 minutes ahead of kick-off in Missouri, before offering minute-by-minute coverage of the action.

Who are Kevin Ortega’s assistant referees? Who is the VAR?

Ortega’s assistant referees will be compatriots Michael Orue and Stephen Atoche, and the fourth official will be Augusto Menéndez, also Peruvian. The fifth official will be Bolivia’s José Antelo. The video assistant referee (VAR) will be Ecuador’s Carlos Orbe, and the assistant VAR will be Orbe’s countryman Bryan Loayza.

Tagged in:
Copa América
Conmebol
Concacaf
Selección Fútbol Estados Unidos
Selección Fútbol Uruguay
Árbitros
Fútbol
Comment
Rules
We recommend these for you in Soccer
VIRAL
Cristiano Ronaldo drops another bombshell about the Saudi League and the French League
SOCCER
Free agents 2025: Salah, De Bruyne among big names free to sign elsewhere in January
FIFA
Football of the future is here: goalkeeper time-wasting, body cameras...
LALIGA
Barcelona could be forced out of temporary home in 2025
MLS
Messi no longer most valuable player in MLS ahead of transfer window
USMNT
Christian Pulisic the star of new documentary: how to watch
Most viewed
1

REAL MADRID

This is the new name of Real Madrid’s Santiago Bernabéu stadium
2

SOCCER

Cristiano Ronaldo: “Vinicius should have won the Ballon d’Or”
3

REAL MADRID

Real Madrid thrash Barcelona 16-5 in LaLiga
More news

DAZN

Enjoy live and on-demand online sports on DAZN. Activate your account
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://en.as.com/soccer/who-is-kevin-ortega-the-referee-for-usmnt-uruguay-at-the-copa-america-today-n/ 
 ----- 
