European Championship

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Euro 2024’s best match so far shows why it’s shaping up to be a brilliant tournament
By Michael Cox
Jun 19, 2024

21

Georgia manager Willy Sagnol summed it up. “Turkey played a fantastic match,” he said. “And Georgia did, too.”

When it comes to assessing the quality and entertainment value of a game of football, there are a couple of mistakes we often make.

First, we sometimes consider the contributions of the sides as a zero-sum game. We think the winning side were always good and the losing side were always bad. But there are an equal number of matches when both sides are quite bad and one of them still wins it. Or, in this case, when both sides were very good but one still loses it.

Second, we tell the story from the perspective of the winners. The reason Turkey won this game was obvious: one stupendous strike from Mert Muldur, a swerving volley into the top corner, and then another from Arda Guler, curled perfectly into the other top corner. Then, in stoppage time, a breakaway goal from Kerem Akturkoglu, tapped into an empty net after Georgia goalkeeper Giorgi Mamardashvili had gone up for not one, but two late set pieces. You can see all that from the three-minute highlights.

But this game was really all about Sagnol’s Georgia.

GO DEEPER

Georgia at Euro 2024 - 'We won't be in Germany for shopping or tourism. We go with ambition'

Georgia have, with all due respect, no real right to be at this tournament. In their qualifying group, they finished below Spain, Scotland and even Norway, who haven’t qualified themselves. The only opponent they beat in qualification was Cyprus. They only snuck in through the confusing and slightly controversial Nations League system, which essentially chucks in a minnow for the sake of it, almost as if UEFA sat down and thought, “Well, that might be fun.” On this basis, they were right.

	Georgia gave everything in search of a win against Turkey (Marvin Ibo Guengoer – GES Sportfoto/Getty Images)

Georgia were up against it on a horrendously wet early evening in Dortmund. The huge Turkish community in Germany was evident by the sheer noise in the stadium, making this feel like more of a home game for Turkey than Germany themselves experienced against Scotland on the opening day.

“This is one of the most fantastic stadiums in the world,” said Sagnol, a former France and Bayern Munich right-back. “It costs me a lot to say that, I’m Bayern, this is Dortmund. But it’s a stadium made for football, for emotions. The atmosphere was great and for many of my players, it was something new. I don’t know if the atmosphere made the match, or the match made the atmosphere, but it was great.”

Georgia’s first job was to quieten the crowd, but they spent the first 15 minutes camped on the edge of their own box, desperately trying to relieve the pressure. They actually did it rather well. Then Muldur’s spectacular hit opened the scoring and a minute later Turkey seemingly had a second. That might have been game over, but the VAR disallowed it for offside and Georgia were still in the game.

For the next 40 minutes or so, Georgia were actually the better side. They had a defined shape and a clear game plan. Their 3-5-1-1 system, which relies on the elusive Khvicha Kvaratskhelia to create from an inside-left position, worked very well on the counter-attack. Giorgi Tsitaishvili, the left wing-back, pushed high and wide to allow his more renowned team-mate inside, but also carried Georgia’s main attacking threat, with the play switched to him again and again before Tsitaishvili would carry the ball 30 yards up the pitch and the midfielders would burst into the box.

	There was a great deal of anticipation around Kvaratskhelia (Marvin Ibo Guengoer – GES Sportfoto/Getty Images)

The equaliser came early in Georgia’s spell of dominance, scored by France-born Georges Mikautadze, who ran the channels well throughout.

After their goal, Georgia rallied. And for a system that looked rather negative on paper, it was striking how many players had an attacking input. The wing-backs popped up in the final third. All three central midfielders found themselves in the box for a decent chance. Kvaratskhelia and Tsitaishvili combined in typical fashion down the left and nearly made it 2-1, then immediately Turkey went up the other end and Guler’s spectacular strike made the near-miss even more painful.

Video for UK readers:

Video for U.S. readers:

WOW. WHAT A GOAL FOR TURKEY TO TAKE THE LEAD! 🇹🇷

Phenomenal from Arda Güler 🚀 pic.twitter.com/QbE7UlFmVB

— FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) June 18, 2024

 

Even when throwing caution to the wind and sending on extra attackers — much to the disgust of midfielder Giorgi Chakvetadze, who reacted furiously when hauled off — Georgia kept a shape and kept their plan. Central midfielder Giorgi Kochorashvili suddenly pushed forward into the box and his effort bounced off the bar.

Kvaratskhelia, on the periphery of the game at times, created a good chance with his trickery down the left, which either Kochorashvili or Mikautadze might have turned in.

And then, in stoppage time, Georgia won a free kick. Kvaratskhelia took the ball, placed it on the ground and kissed it for luck. Georgia couldn’t have been more unlucky.

The swinging ball missed everyone, hit the far post, and then substitute Zuriko Davitashvili’s effort was blocked on the line. With literally everyone forward for the next set piece, Turkey countered to complete a 3-1 win, making the victory look considerably more comfortable than it was.

 

This game, more than any other, sums up the early stages of Euro 2024. The weaker sides have been competitive, even when not victorious. The atmospheres have been fantastic. The weather has often been terrible for mid-June, but it’s led to ferocious, energetic battles rather than sluggish football.

The proportion of goals from outside the box — 32.4 per cent — is off the scale. The football has, by and large, been excellent. Everyone, even the losing manager here, is positive about it all.

“When you lose it’s never nice,” said Sagnol. “But for me and my team, the most important thing is we’ve given such a nice image of Georgian football and we can be proud of that. We had a lot of opportunities to score, probably as many as Turkey did, but that’s football. I don’t say we are happy losers, but I can say we are proud of our performance.

“I am convinced we’re going to provide the same kind of performance on Saturday against the Czech Republic. I’m excited already.”

He’s not the only one. And this tournament is also a good advert for UEFA’s system of effectively allowing one in-form, up-and-coming underdog into the competition.

How to follow Euro 2024 on The Athletic…
Latest Euro 2024 news here
Euro 2024 fixtures and schedule
Euro 2024 team guides: Everything you need to know

“We should always look at the bigger picture,” said Sagnol. “This European Championship for us is arriving after many years of great development in Georgia, where the federation over the past 10 years has made so many good things, for children to play football, and this is the reward. I’m very proud of this nice moment.”

In years to come, people will judge Euro 2024 by the quality of the final and the quality of the winner. But when — on paper — the 24th-best side in the competition is turning up, playing like this and being involved in the best game of the competition so far, you know it’s shaping up to be a brilliant tournament.

(Top photo: Dean Mouhtaropoulos/Getty Images)

Michael Cox concentrates on tactical analysis. He is the author of two books - The Mixer, about the tactical evolution of the Premier League, and Zonal Marking, about footballing philosophies across Europe. Follow Michael on Twitter @Zonal_Marking

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5573742/2024/06/19/turkey-georgia-euro-2024-guler-kvaratskhelia-great-tournament/ 
 ----- 
