Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
International
Springboks Coach: ‘It Was Life-threatening, They Gave Me A 50% Chance To Live’
Springboks coach: ‘It was life-threatening, they gave me a 50% chance to live’
Jared Wright
23 Aug 2024 9:12 AM
1

Tony Brown has opened up on a rugby injury that almost took his life back in 2008.

Springboks attack coach Tony Brown has opened up on a rugby injury that almost took his life back in 2008.

The former All Blacks fly-half turned attack guru spent six weeks in a hospital in Japan after a freak injury threatened his life, with the doctors initially giving him a ‘50% chance’ of surviving.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>
Ruptured pancreas

The injury occurred when he was playing for Japanese club the Wild Knights against Kintetsu Liners and the playmaker started feeling uncomfortable but soldiered on and continued to play.

However, when he still felt sick after the game and developed a fever, he was rushed to the hospital where the doctors confirmed that he had ruptured his pancreas.

“I was blindsided and didn’t see it coming,” Brown told Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper back in 2008.

He added: “The doctors said it was quite severe and they needed to operate to save my life.”

In an appearance on Behind the Ruck podcast, Brown revisited the life scare and the challenge he faced in getting himself back onto the pitch again.

“It was life-threatening, they gave me a 50% chance to live when I got to the hospital and I spent two weeks in ICU with my insides severed,” the Springboks coach said.

Ad

“I had six tubes coming out of my stomach trying to drain the bile that your pancreas produces to digest your food. The danger of a ruptured pancreas is that the bile goes through your organs and digests your organs so then that becomes life-threatening.”

Rugby Championship: Five things we have learnt so far including ‘no scrum, no win’, Springboks ‘evolution’ and not so ‘Razor-sharp’ All Blacks

Bouncing back

At the time, he was just 33 years old and despite the huge setback, he would recover and go on to play for three more years before hanging up the boots in 2011.

Ad

But it was not an easy road to recovery for a man who is usually incredibly active.

“So I spent six weeks in hospital and I walked out at 72kgs so I had lost 12kgs, so it was a tough time to get through that six weeks because I’m not a good guy to enjoy just been stuck in hospital lying down doing nothing,” he added.

“I wanted to get out, I wanted to compete and I wanted to play rugby again, so it was a tough time but as soon as I got out I came up with a plan to try and be back playing.

“My goal was to get back for the final of the Japanese competition, so I had 3 months to try and get fit again and put my weight back on and get confident enough that when I go onto the collision again I’m going to be okay.”

Christian Cullen weighs into All Blacks full-back debate and makes bold Will Jordan prediction

Love for coaching

Following the conclusion of his playing career, Brown kickstarted his coaching career which ultimately led to him joining Rassie Erasmus’ Springboks coaching staff in 2024.

Content continues below

Ad

However, it was during his time in Japan where his coaching journey began as he was offered a player-coach role with the Wild Knights.

As is still the case, Japanese clubs were limited to the number of foreign players and the ex-playmaker revealed that his love for coaching blossomed with his clubmates asking for his assistance.

“Luckily enough for me back in the early 2000s in Japan there was only one or two foreigners per team, so the Japanese players always come to you for advice and they come to you to do some training together to try and help them improve their game,” he said.

Ad
Will the All Blacks beat the Springboks in South Africa?
Yes
No


“So I just really enjoyed helping the Japanese players get better and then a couple of years into my contract they asked me to be a player-coach.

“I was probably about 30 at the time so signed on as a player-coach and then my body sort of hung in there for a bit longer than they thought so I ended up being a player-coach for eight years there.

“It allowed me to learn a lot about coaching and different ways to coach and it actually probably made me a better player as well because I was trying to coach the players and I had to then deliver myself around the pitch and be accountable.”

READ MORE: Schalk Burger issues ‘ominous’ warning to Springboks rivals as Jean de Villiers makes bold statement on SA Rugby


International
Tony Brown
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Adam Kyriacou
12 Nov 2024
Springboks address ‘compressed week’ concerns and England form ahead of Autumn Nations Series clash

Scrum-half Cobus Reinach admits "there is history" between the Springboks and England ahead of their Autumn Nations Series clash at Twickenham.

David Skippers
22 Oct 2024
Springboks: Tony Brown reveals what it’s like to coach alongside Rassie Erasmus

Springboks assistant coach Tony Brown has revealed what it's like to coach alongside Rassie Erasmus.

Jared Wright
03 Oct 2024
State of the Nation: Rassie Erasmus’ Springboks deliver on ‘favourites tag’ in famous Rugby Championship success as ‘freakish’ talent shines

Here is the South Africa State of the Nation update after the Rugby Championship.

Jared Wright
01 Oct 2024
The ‘stark evidence’ which shows Rassie Erasmus’ Bok evolution as Springboks dominate Rugby Championship stats

A deep dive into the Springboks stats from the 2024 Rugby Championship.

Editor's Picks
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Premiership Team of the Week: David Campese lauds ‘Lion in the making’ and player Wales should look at
30 Dec 2024
Ilona Maher ‘effect’ hailed by England legend who answers ‘million dollar question’ on USA superstar
30 Dec 2024
Test Rugby
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
2 hours ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
3 hours ago
6
Rugby World Cup 2027 final venue confirmed after sporting mega city snub – report
4 hours ago
England to face Rugby Championship opponent in two-Test series at same time as British & Irish Lions series
4 hours ago
‘A lot of guys in my position would have shot themselves’ – Elton Jantjies provides honest assessment on ‘psychological’ issues
5 hours ago
Champions Cup
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
‘They kicked us out’ – SA Rugby chief concerned Champions Cup ‘criticism’ could lead to Super Rugby scenario
22 Dec 2024
36
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/springboks-coach-tony-brown-it-was-life-threatening-they-gave-me-a-50-chance-to-live 
 ----- 
