    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 1, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  Zimbabwe beat Scotland to advance in World T20
SPORTS
Zimbabwe beat Scotland to advance in World T20
October 21, 2022 0
Zimbabwe players, officials and supporters celebrate their entry into the World T20 proper (Photo: Getty Images)

Scotland are out of the T20 World Cup after a tense five-wicket defeat by Zimbabwe in Hobart.

The Scots, who beat West Indies on Monday, were effectively in a knockout situation, but only mustered 132-6 in the face of some wily Zimbabwe bowling.

Zimbabwe were 42-3 after eight overs when Sean Williams was dismissed.

But Sikandar Raza arrived to club 40 from 23 balls, adding 64 with Craig Ervine, who made 58 as victory was sealed with nine balls to spare.

Click to view full scoreboard

Zimbabwe make progress in a T20 World Cup for the first time. By finishing top of Group B, they advance to Group Two of the Super 12s where they will face India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, South Africa and the Netherlands.

For Scotland, the defeat means they fail to emulate their performance of a year ago, when they reached the Super 12s at the last World Cup in the United Arab Emirates.

Ireland also advance from Group B, having beaten West Indies by nine wickets earlier on Friday.

Sad end for Scotland

This is a cruel end for the Scots, who were superb in defeating West Indies and were the best side for most of the match against Ireland, only to be stunned by a late Irish fightback.

That set up this winner-takes-all match, and after winning the toss and accepting the theoretically better batting conditions, Scotland were stifled by the Zimbabwean bowling.

Though George Munsey held things together with 54, the fact he took 51 balls over his runs was symptomatic of a Scotland innings that never took off.

They failed to hit a six and managed only four fours after the second delivery of the seventh over – one of those was off a free-hit and another was leg-byes.

Zimbabwe’s new-ball pair Tendai Chatara and Richard Ngarava were excellent, while spinners Raza and Williams bowled in tandem for a tight spell.

When Scotland had an opportunity at the fall of Williams’ wicket, the electric Raza reversed the momentum with three fours and two sixes.

Flicker of old glory for Zimbabwe

Political and financial problems have left Zimbabwe a shadow of the side that regularly competed with the strongest cricketing nations during their heyday in the 1990s.

They were suspended by the International Cricket Council as recently as 2019, a ban which cost them a place at last year’s tournament.

But they have now won nine of their past 11 T20 internationals to go along with a one-day international defeat of Australia in September.

They progress with wins over Ireland and Scotland. Significantly, captain Ervine missed their defeat by West Indies and it was his calmness at the top of the order that guided the chase at Bellerive Oval.

When Ervine finally made a mistake and miscued left-arm spinner Mark Watt to mid-off, Zimbabwe only required 14 from three overs.

Milton Shumba and Ryan Burl refused to panic, Burl hitting Safyaan Sharif over mid-off for the winning boundary. (BBC Sport)

Advertisement _____
Previous article
Guyana Harpy Eagles practice match set for Providence today
Next article
Janet Jagan is remembered as an ‘agitator for women’s rights’
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
NSC throws support behind LSU-bound track star Malachi Austin
Sports
Family the driving force behind Sherfane Rutherford
Sports
Down to four! One Guyana Futsal enters business end on January 1
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
Human Services Ministry expands support for seniors
Editor - December 31, 2024
Human Services Ministry highlights milestones in childcare assistance initiatives
Editor - December 31, 2024
Paper immigration forms to be abolished by end of January – President announces
Editor - December 31, 2024
‘Proactive work being done’ – President says murder, other crime rates down
Editor - December 31, 2024
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
October 2022
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2
3	4	5	6	7	8	9
10	11	12	13	14	15	16
17	18	19	20	21	22	23
24	25	26	27	28	29	30
31	 
« Sep   Nov »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
News Room asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2022/10/21/zimbabwe-beat-scotland-to-advance-in-world-t20/ 
 ----- 
