Skip to content
Subscribe Now
63°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Politics
Health
Environment
Orange County
North OC
Anaheim
Brea
Buena Park
Cypress
Fullerton
Garden Grove
La Habra
La Palma
Orange + Villa Park
Placentia
Santa Ana
Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos
Stanton
Tustin
Westminster
Yorba Linda
South OC
Costa Mesa
Dana Point
Fountain Valley
Huntington Beach
Irvine
Laguna Beach
Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo
Laguna Hills
Ladera Ranch
Lake Forest
Laguna Woods
Mission Viejo
Newport Beach
Rancho Santa Margarita
San Clemente
San Juan Capistrano
Sports
Sports
Angels
Dodgers
Chargers
Rams
Ducks
Kings
Lakers
High School Sports
Clippers
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music + Concerts
Amusement Parks + Disneyland
Theater + Arts
Casinos
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Books
Comics
Puzzles
Best of Orange County
Orange County Register Store
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County January 11, 2025 at 11:55 am
SPORTSNBACLIPPERSNews
Kawhi not the only Clipper back on the court
Terance Mann, who missed 11 games because of a broken finger, showed Saturday night how much the Clippers need him on the floor too
Terance Mann (14) of the Clippers makes a pass around Atlanta Hawks forward Onyeka Okongwu during the second half of an NBA basketball game Saturday, Jan. 4, 2025, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jayne-Kamin-Oncea)
By JANIS CARR | Orange County Register
UPDATED: January 6, 2025 at 3:13 AM PST

INGLEWOOD — Lost amid the 19 minutes of Kawhi Leonard’s celebrated comeback was the less-anticipated return of small forward Terance Mann.

While Mann missed 11 games because of a broken finger – not nine months like Leonard – his play in Saturday night’s 131-105 victory over the Atlanta Hawks showed how much the Clippers need him on the court as well. He made all five of his field goal attempts and both 3-point tries to finish with 12 points. He added three rebounds, two assists, one steal, and a whole lot of defensive plays in 16 minutes.

Coach Tyronn Lue, whose focus was mainly on Leonard’s play for much of the night, said the Clippers (20-15) missed Mann’s energy, which seemed to have been missing even before his injury.

“But not just his energy (but) his ability to play in the pocket on a short roll when teams are showing,” Lue said. “And like I say, he can pass and make plays but he’s confident taking his shots. He did that tonight and he was aggressive defensively, and he made some good plays offensively as well.”

Mann, 28, took his first game since Dec. 4 in stride.

“I kind of told myself I was going to go out there, be super aggressive and kind of go take it,” he said. “I knew it’d feel weird at first, which it did, but I know I just had to be real aggressive and then it’ll come to me.”

Before the game, Mann shared before and after X-rays of the middle finger on his left (non-shooting) hand that required surgery. The images showed a clean break held together by four tiny screws.

Mann said he doesn’t know how he broke the finger during a dominant NBA Cup victory against the Portland Trail Blazers last month. He didn’t see anyone around him but felt immediate pain; surgery was scheduled the next day.

Mann, who had been averaging 6.3 points and 3.1 rebounds through 23 games, showed no effects of either the injury or layoff. He whipped a no-look pass under the basket to Nicolas Batum, a clear sign that Mann was back.

“During the last however many games I was out … I knew that during those, when we’re going down, I need to be that guy to come back and keep the energy up here,” Mann said. “For example, I feel like I could have really helped in OKC when we were up 14 and they were kind of pushing back. I feel like that’s my job to come in and give energy and make plays like I did tonight to keep the lead.”

APPRECIATION NIGHT

Throughout his eight years in the NBA, forward Derrick Jones Jr. had only seen Leonard from across the court as an opponent. So, seeing the two-time Finals MVP playing as a teammate for the first time this season was “amazing just to be out there (with him)” Jones Jr. said.

“I feel like the guys just, we just knew not what’s at stake, but what we got right now. Having Kawhi back, that’s what we’ve been waiting for, for the most part,” Jones Jr. said.

Teammate Kris Dunn also was looking forward to lining up next to Leonard, not only to see how he gets to the basket and plays defense but to get an up-close look at how big his hands really are.

“He’s a heck of a talent,” Dunn said. “He can do so many great things on the floor as we know as the scoring piece. But for me, being a defensive guy is going to be fun to play next to him and see the kind of things he is doing on defense. I’m going to try to steal as much as I can and try to use it in my bag. However, he has the advantage of how big his hands are.”

OFF AND RUNNING

The Clippers scored an NBA season-high 46 fast-break points against the Hawks. It’s also the most by any Clippers team in the play-by-play data era, dating to the 1996-97 season.

CLIPPERS AT TIMBERWOLVES

When: Monday, 5 p.m. PT

Where: Target Center, Minneapolis

TV/radio: FDSN SoCal, 570 AM

Game Day with Kevin Modesti: Providing the SoCal sports fan with essential preparation for the day ahead.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Orange County Register.

Originally Published: January 5, 2025 at 10:43 AM PST
Around the Web
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Red flag warning points to new wildfire dangers in Southern California, lasts until Wednesday eve
L.A. wildfires’ economic toll: Devastating losses followed by burst of building
Macy’s closing 66 stores, 9 in California
Former child star Rory Callum Sykes dies in L.A. wildfire after mother couldn’t save him
Orange County restaurants shut down by health inspectors (Jan. 2-9)
Evacuations soar in the San Fernando Valley, Brentwood as Palisades fire extends to Day 5
Surf industry’s Liberated Brands lays off nearly 400, closes Costa Mesa offices
Three football players transfer to Mater Dei; two all-league juniors depart Los Alamitos
California joins IRS, moving tax filing deadline to Oct. 15 for L.A. County residents
Fire danger: Here is the wind forecast for Jan. 10 to Jan. 15
Disneyland starts construction on Avengers Campus expansion this weekend
Prince Harry, Meghan Markle survey Eaton fire damage
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CLIPPERS
NBA postpones Saturday’s Lakers-Spurs, Clippers-Hornets games due to fires
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Clippers-Hornets game is on for now, but that could change
Russell Westbrook, Nuggets rout Clippers with both teams missing stars
Reports: Clippers star Kawhi Leonard leaves team to join evacuated family in L.A.
2025
January
5
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Obituary
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT OC REGISTER
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work With Us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
CONTACT US
Corrections
OC Register Store
Reader Rewards
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
PARTNERS
Live Traffic Map
Newspapers in Education
Sponsor a Student
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ocregister.com/2025/01/05/kawhi-not-the-only-clipper-back-on-the-court/ 
 ----- 
