Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Latest news
Video
New Zealand
Sport
All Blacks
Business
Entertainment
Podcasts
Quizzes
Opinion
Lifestyle
Travel
Viva
Weather forecasts
Home / Sport
'My last game': English cricket captain Ben Stokes retires from one-day cricket
By Andrew McMurtry
news.com.au·
18 Jul, 2022 06:45 PM
4 mins to read
Save
Share

Ben Stokes will retire from one-day international cricket after this week's match against South Africa in Durham. Photo / Rui Vieira, AP

England Test cricket captain Ben Stokes will retire from one-day international cricket after Tuesday's match against South Africa in Durham.

The 31-year-old revealed the shock call on social media, but will continue to play Test cricket and T20 cricket.

Stokes has long been an absolute star in all formats of the game but averages 39.44 in ODIs with the bat, compared with 36.16 in Test cricket.

With the ball, he's less effective in the shorter form, averaging 41.79 runs per wicket with a strike rate of a wicket every 41.6 balls.

Read More
Cricket: England post record-breaking ODI demolition ...
Cricket: Why there's hope for Black Caps on final day ...
Cricket: England put Black Caps in familiar danger ...
Cricket: England's final day blitz sinks the Black ...
ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

But Stokes is a key member of all three formats for England, including his most famous innings where he struck 84 not out to almost single-handedly win the World Cup final for England in a controversial 2019 thriller.

However, there'll be no repeat as Stokes revealed via Instagram he was walking away from the 50-over game.

"I will play my last game for England in ODI cricket on Tuesday in Durham. I have decided to retire from this format. This has been an incredibly tough decision to make. I have loved every minute of playing with my mates for England. We have had an incredible journey on the way," Stokes wrote.

England captain Ben Stokes, left, and men's test coach Brendon McCullum talk during a nets session at Lord's Cricket Ground. Photo / Steven Paston, PA via AP

"As hard as a decision as this was to come to, it's not as hard dealing with the fact I can't give my teammates 100% of myself in this format anymore. The England shirt deserves nothing less from anyone who wears it.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

"Three formats are just unsustainable for me now. Not only do I feel that my body is letting me down because of the schedule and what is expected of us, but I also feel that I am taking the place of another player who can give Jos and the rest of the team their all. It's time for someone else to progress as a cricketer and make incredible memories like I have over the past 11 years.

"I will give everything I have to Test cricket, and now, with this decision, I feel I can also give my total commitment to the T20 format.

"I would like to wish Jos Buttler, Matthew Mott, the players and the support staff every success going forward. We have made great strides in white-ball cricket over the past seven years, and the future looks bright.

"I have loved all 104 games I have played so far, I've got one more, and it feels amazing to be playing my last game at my home ground in Durham.

Discover more
Sport
|
Cricket
Ferguson class leads Black Caps to victory
18 Jul 06:30 PM
All Blacks
Inside the All Blacks disaster: Sacking coaches would cost $2m
18 Jul 05:00 PM
Sport
|
Rugby
'My world is falling apart': Rugby star diagnosed with dementia at 41
17 Jul 07:15 PM
All Blacks
Sacking Ian Foster would be 'unexpected U-turn' in NZR traditions - Scotty Stevenson
18 Jul 05:29 AM

"As always, the England fans have always been there for me and will continue to be there. You're the best fans in the world. I hope we can win on Tuesday and set the series up nicely against South Africa."

The managing director of England cricket, Rob Key, paid tribute to the retiring star.

"I know this must have been a tough decision, but I completely understand why he has reached this conclusion," he said.

"I'm sure that when we look back on Ben's career and see this as one of the reasons he will play 120-plus Tests and help England in T20 matches and World Cups for many years to come.

"It is a typically selfless decision that will benefit England long-term."

It was just the start of the tributes for Stokes.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

Indian star Virat Kohli commented: "You're the most competitive bloke I've ever played against. Respect,"

Pakistan vice-captain Shadab Khan posted: "Congratulations on a wonderful ODI career @benstokes38. Best of luck with your Test career and other commitments. ODI cricket will surely miss you."

Former England spinner Monty Panesar wrote: "Stokes has made a selfless decision for the benefit of the England team."

Stokes became England's 81st Test captain in April and has already seen some changes.

Along with former New Zealand skipper Brendan McCullum as Test coach, England chased down some massive scores, defeating Test World Champions New Zealand 3-0 and the nation's biggest ever chase against India earlier this month.

It comes amongst a discussion in cricket circles about the schedules being too packed with Test, ODI and T20I cricket as well as domestic competitions and countless T20 competitions around the world.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.
Recommended for you
Refresh for more
New Zealand
Pet dog, 12 firearms allegedly stolen from Canterbury family in separate burglaries
Tennis
Coronation to catastrophe: Osaka injury brings downcast end to ASB Classic
New Zealand
Holiday traffic: Fatal crash in Taranaki, multiple injuries in crash in deep south
New Zealand
Lack of Covid leave a problem for health professionals, nurse says
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
Latest from Sport
Coronation to catastrophe: Osaka injury brings downcast end to ASB Classic
05 Jan 07:44 AM

This was only the second time a player failed to complete the women's final in Auckland.

ASB Classic final: Osaka forced to retire after winning first set
05 Jan 04:59 AM
Henry ready to spearhead Black Caps' Champions Trophy campaign
05 Jan 04:14 AM
Black Caps v Sri Lanka: Young hits half-century as NZ race to victory
05 Jan 04:07 AM
SPONSORED
What falling rates mean for investors
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
NZ HERALD
About NZ Herald
Meet the journalists
Newsletters
Classifieds
Help & support
Contact us
House rules
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Competition terms & conditions
Our use of AI
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
NZ Herald e-editions
Daily puzzles & quizzes
Manage your digital subscription
Manage your print subscription
Subscribe to the NZ Herald newspaper
Subscribe to Herald Premium
Gift a subscription
Subscriber FAQs
Subscription terms & conditions
Promotions and subscriber benefits
NZME NETWORK
The New Zealand Herald
The Northland Age
The Northern Advocate
Waikato Herald
Bay of Plenty Times
Rotorua Daily Post
Hawke's Bay Today
Whanganui Chronicle
Viva
NZ Listener
What the Actual
Newstalk ZB
BusinessDesk
OneRoof
Driven CarGuide
iHeart Radio
Restaurant Hub
NZME
About NZME
NZME careers
Advertise with NZME
Digital self-service advertising
Book your classified ad
Photo sales
NZME Events
© Copyright 2025 NZME Publishing Limited
Access New Zealand’s best journalism
From $0.99 per week
Subscribe now
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nzherald.co.nz/sport/my-last-game-english-cricket-captain-ben-stokes-retires-from-one-day-cricket/M5FZXQZDUGPBLVQWNZCGNJ2AQU/ 
 ----- 
