Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Ravens roll, Steelers future murky
Texans dominate Chargers
Does Deion want this NFL job?
Duke's Flagg sets ACC record
Auburn All-American injured
Detroit Free Press
Detroit Pistons' changing NBA fortunes erase dark clouds hanging over franchise
Omari Sankofa Ii, Detroit Free Press
Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 7:43 AM PST·7 min read

January hasn’t been a festive month for the Detroit Pistons this decade. But nearly a week after New Year’s Day on Monday, they were in a celebratory mood.

With their comeback over the Portland Trail Blazers, the Pistons improved to 18-18 overall — .500. It’s typically a record that marks mediocrity. Less than a year removed from a season best described as a complete disaster, it was a notable milestone for the Pistons. It deserved to be acknowledged.

“It’s huge, man,” Jalen Duren said after the 118-115 win. “It’s huge. The vets that came in, I’m not gonna say they don’t understand it, but they weren't here. Guys who’ve been here … the guys who have been through the ups and downs of our short career, and now getting here and being .500 is huge.

“We want to keep building on it. We have a long season to go, but this is a great starting point for us starting the year off undefeated.”

A new standard has been set in Detroit. The Pistons, a season after suffering a humiliating 28-game losing streak en route to a franchise-worst 14-win season, keep engineering ways to win. An early-22 point deficit against the Blazers wasn’t enough to bury them. Fifty-three points from Anthony Edwards rang hollow in a blowout of the Minnesota Timberwolves.

The Sacramento Kings, in their own arena, failed to capitalize on a 10-point lead with 2:46 remaining when an improbable 17-6 Pistons run snatched a victory. 

Coach J.B. Bickerstaff won't yet declare that the team is ahead of schedule, and there is a lot of season left. But so much has changed in a year. Before Thursday’s loss to the Golden State Warriors, the Pistons had won five straight, seven of their last eight and 10 of 13 games.

They are now 19-19 overall — 9-9 at home and 10-10 on the road. Average. A .500 record reflects that the Pistons, almost every night, have been competitive. Already, they have five more wins than last season with 44 games remaining on the schedule. A team that hasn’t won more than 27 games a season since 2018-19 is now on pace to add 27 wins to last year’s record.

Detroit Pistons head coach J.B. Bickerstaff signals players before a play against Golden State Warriors during the second half at Little Caesars Arena in Detroit on Thursday, Jan. 9, 2025.

“The energy is better,” Cade Cunningham, after finishing with 32 points, eight assists and six rebounds on Thursday, said. “We don’t have that dark cloud hanging over us any more, which is great.”

“It’s been a lot of fun coming in and working, trying to continue to get better and better. But honestly even when we were losing, the young core that was here, we were already talking about how we were gonna do it and the fact that we’re gonna get to where we want to go. To see it coming into fruition is cool, but there’s a long way to go to get to where we want.”

Cunningham and the rest of the Pistons’ young core is surrounded by people who weren’t around during the losing streak. The only returning veteran from last year’s roster is Simone Fontecchio, and he arrived after the trade deadline. The front office and coaching staff — save assistant coach Jarrett Jack, assistant GM George David and a few others — are all new.

The goal last summer was to give the team a needed clean slate. Owner Tom Gores made the decision to fire Monty Williams after a single season, and ate the cost of his historic $78.5 million contract. Former general manager Troy Weaver also was dismissed.

More: Detroit Pistons fall to Golden State Warriors, 107-104, snap five-game winning streak

New team president Trajan Langdon and coach J.B. Bickerstaff arrived from programs that had to navigate rebuilds and found success in doing so. Everyone, obviously, is aware of what took place last season. But the young players, for the most part, are the only ones who have had to bear the pain of it.

It’s a best-of-both-worlds scenario for a team that needed to grow up. It was a character-building experience for Cunningham and his peers, who vowed to never go through such a season again. Everyone else in the building, to varying degrees, has experienced winning and is unable to frame this season against last year’s misery.

It’s easier to move forward when the context no longer matters.

“It’s been great to have new energy in the room, it’s been great to have guys that don’t care how much you lost in the past,” Cunningham said. “They’re not going for it and they’re going to bring a winning culture. That’s been huge for us. I think they see how much it means to us, all the guys that have been around and they appreciate the fact that they’re able to bring a new culture, a new feeling into the room.”

When Bickerstaff had his initial sit-downs with players, he tried to avoid bringing up the 2023-24 season. The idea was to focus on the future. But he learned that the losing streak — the longest in-season streak in NBA history — wasn’t a taboo topic.

More: Detroit Lions GM Brad Holmes sits courtside, honored at Detroit Pistons game

Cunningham said he tried to catch up his new coach on everything he knew and explain what worked last season, and what didn’t work. Bickerstaff led the Cleveland Cavaliers from a rebuild to a second-round playoff team, so Cunningham understood the system and culture he wanted to build in Detroit.

After last season, the Pistons were ready for change. Players had owned up to and come to terms with what happened. It simplified things for Bickerstaff.

“They had learned a lot from it and they learned a lot about themselves from it,” Bickerstaff said. “When I got here, I didn’t feel as if there was a hangover in their minds, so to speak, but more of a willingness to move on and try to learn and be better from. That made my job easier because I was able to come into guys who were extremely open-minded about doing different things and new tasks in front of them.

“They bought in because I think going through that helped them recognize that they didn’t want to go back there, and what they needed to do to make sure that didn’t happen.”

More: J.B. Bickerstaff's willingness to challenge calls, refs has galvanized Detroit Pistons

Cunningham is in the midst of an All-Star worthy season, averaging 24.3 points, 9.3 assists and 6.6 rebounds on a team currently occupying the eighth seed. Jaden Ivey, Isaiah Stewart, Jalen Duren, Ausar Thompson and Marcus Sasser all have contributed toward winning. The veterans — Malik Beasley, Tobias Harris, Tim Hardaway Jr. and Paul Reed — have checked the right boxes on and off the court.

The locker room was quiet, and mostly empty with players strolling in-and-out, after Thursday’s loss. After Wednesday’s road win over the Brooklyn Nets, they were 19-18 and had a winning record in January for the first time in six years. Now, they’re back at .500 after losing a winnable game at home.

A .500 record marks growth for the Pistons. But, for a full day, experienced the joy of being a winning team. So .500 no longer hits the same.

The standard has changed.

“It’s definitely a sense of gratitude, being grateful,” Stewart said. “But we ain’t satisfied. We’ve been in the mud for a long time here.

"We got a taste of it and we want more.”

Contact Omari Sankofa II at osankofa@freepress.com. Follow him on X @omarisankofa.

This article originally appeared on Detroit Free Press: Pistons' dark cloud starts to fade as NBA team makes major changes

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
The Timberwolves are .500 and searching for an identity, but what if this is it?

Minnesota's chemistry on the floor has been, to put it kindly, off — and nobody’s really denying it.

6d ago
Yahoo Sports
Anthony Edwards scores career-high 53 of Timberwolves' 105 points in lopsided loss to Pistons

The Timberwolves might have the most one-dimensional offense in the league.

7d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bronny James called up by Lakers for game vs. Pistons, but does not play

Bronny is averaging 13.4 points per game for the Lakers' South Bay G League affiliate.

20d ago
Yahoo Sports
Derrick Henry helps bolster belief for Lamar Jackson that this year is going to be different in playoffs for Ravens

The Ravens' best brand of offense this season has been running it like a service academy. In Jackson's last playoff game, the Ravens couldn’t sustain drives vs. KC. This year feels different.

1h ago
Yahoo Sports
Same old Chargers? With a chance to stamp a new identity, Jim Harbaugh’s culture cracked

All that was left after this season of revival was to showcase it when it mattered most. Instead, they looked worryingly similar to the Chargers of old.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
Another ridiculous Lamar Jackson TD pass leads to MVP chants in Baltimore

Jackson was up to his old tricks in the first half of Baltimore's playoff opener.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL wild-card previews: Predictions and breaking down all 6 matchups

You can watch all six games live on mobile with NFL+.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Steelers-Ravens: While Lamar Jackson, Baltimore leave little doubt in 28-14 win, there's plenty of doubts building vs. Pittsburgh's Mike Tomlin

Tomlin isn’t the problem with the Steelers. Saying he is requires a belief the Steelers should have won more than 10 games this season. But the frustration from Steelers fans is valid.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
C.J. Stroud just needed a fumbled shotgun snap to kickstart a 99-yard TD drive

A big mistake turned into a big play for the Texans.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA postpones Rockets-Hawks game on Saturday due to icy conditions in Atlanta

A winter storm brought snow and freezing rain to Atlanta on Friday.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Notre Dame & Ohio State win all time classics to reach the National Championship | College Football Enquirer

Following a memorable and exciting Semifinal round, Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SI's Pat Forde recount the Cotton Bowl and Orange Bowl.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: The 5 key plays from Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will play Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Jack Sawyer's fumble return TD cements Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will meet Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Magic's Paolo Banchero scores 34 points in return after missing 34 games with oblique injury

Banchero picked up where he left off before his injury, nearly leading the Magic to a win.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports AM: The Irish fight on

In today's edition: Notre Dame wins Orange Bowl, ranking every Super Bowl matchup, the rise of Cade Cunningham, Australian Open preview, wild Ravens stat, and more.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Nick Saban elected to 2025 College Football Hall of Fame class

Saban won seven college football national championships, six of them during a legendary run at Alabama.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Inside a creative resource Sean McVay’s Rams could use to decode the Vikings

Los Angeles has a season-long strategy to practice responding to unpredictability, which Brian Flores' Vikings defense will certainly present.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/detroit-pistons-changing-nba-fortunes-154358594.html 
 ----- 
