NBA

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Trade Board
Viewer Guide
The Basketball 100
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Gui Santos delivers Warriors a reminder of how they must win games
By Anthony Slater
Jan 10, 2025

202

DETROIT — About 10 minutes after the Golden State Warriors narrowly escaped the Detroit Pistons with a 107-104 road win to open this consequential four-game trip, their unlikely hero, the hustling Gui Santos, finally wrapped up his postgame media duties on the court and returned to the locker room. The ovation awaiting him could be heard from down the hallway. His teammates erupted in celebration.

“Deserved,” Warriors coach Steve Kerr said.

Santos is the 14th man in a rotation Kerr once stretched as far as 13. He’s the odd man all the way out unless enough injuries and absences on the wing force him into action.

Thursday night, they did. Jonathan Kuminga has shed the crutches but is in a walking boot, still in the early stages of a return from a bad ankle sprain. Moses Moody rested on the front side of a back-to-back with a knee issue. Brandin Podziemski and Gary Payton II are still sidelined. Andrew Wiggins is briefly away from the team for a personal matter.

So Santos figured his number would be called, and he was correct. Kerr put him into the game at the 3:54 mark of the first quarter with the Warriors trailing 17-14. Within 18 seconds, he nailed a corner 3 to tie the score.

Santos had a slick assist to Trayce Jackson-Davis a couple of minutes later and opened the second quarter with two more 3s. His third of the first half put the Warriors up 45-35. Santos has worked tirelessly on his 3-point shot the last few seasons in the Warriors’ program. It is the skill that will define whether he has a long NBA career.

“Today was the day you can see I’m working on it,” Santos said.

Santos made four of his six 3s in the win. Lindy Waters III went 3-of-7. Buddy Hield, badly in need of a breakout night, had one in a spot start in place of Wiggins, hitting five of his 11 from deep. Those 12 makes carried the offense enough on a night when Steph Curry didn’t have it, finishing 5-of-21 overall and 2-of-14 on 3s.

But there’s a reason Santos was singled out by his teammates after the game. It wasn’t the four makes from 3. It was the scrap rebounds, the sneaky steals, the transition hustle, the loose-ball wins.

“This game is about so much more than whether you make a shot or miss a shot,” Kerr said. “It’s defense, it’s rebounding, it’s hustle, sprinting. Everything you saw Gui do tonight, that’s what wins games.”

Here’s an example of it in the third quarter: Curry gets an open look on the right wing and misses it. When Curry lines it up, no Warriors are in position to grab an offensive rebound. Three Pistons are closer to the ricochet.

But keep an eye on Santos, beginning in the left corner. He tosses Malik Beasley aside, then dives to the ground to tip the ball away from Isaiah Stewart before he can corral it. The loose ball trickles to Kyle Anderson, who was credited for the offensive rebound. But this possession was all Santos, who didn’t register a stat during the sequence but delivered the Warriors two extra points. Waters made a jumper a few seconds later.

Here’s another example from the second quarter. The clip begins with a Hield miss from the right wing. Santos, again, isn’t in a great position for a rebound. But he outmaneuvers Simone Fontecchio and Tobias Harris, tipping it away from both and then chasing it down. Then he immediately finds Hield for a reload 3. He cashes in the second chance, 3 extra points due to Santos’ extra effort.

Kerr rewatched the tape of that ugly home loss to the Miami Heat two nights prior and didn’t mention the 6-of-31 shooting line from the Warriors players not named Curry. He believed they lost that game in the hustle categories.

“It’s losing all those little battles,” Kerr said. “It’s not rotating, not boxing out, not making the extra pass, not making a good sharp pass. Everything that leads to rhythm and momentum we didn’t do the other night.”

Santos did do those things against the Pistons, and because of it, Kerr gave him 26 minutes. He’ll likely get another rotation chance at the Indianapolis Pacers on Friday night with the Warriors’ lineup still depleted.

“We talked before the game about, ‘How many battles can you win?’” Kerr said. “Little battles in the game. He won a million battles tonight. That’s what wins games. He’s been waiting all year, and he finally got his chance, and he delivered. That’s what this league is about. Ron Adams talks about it all the time. It’s a production league. You get your chance, and you have to take advantage of it.”

(Photo of Gui Santos and Ausar Thompson: Rick Osentoski / Imagn Images)

Anthony Slater is a senior writer covering the Golden State Warriors for The Athletic. He's covered the NBA for a decade. Previously, he reported on the Oklahoma City Thunder for The Oklahoman. Follow Anthony on Twitter @anthonyVslater

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/6050957/2025/01/10/warriors-pistons-gui-santos/ 
 ----- 
