हिन्दीENGLISHमराठीবাংলাதமிழ்മലയാളംગુજરાતીతెలుగుಕನ್ನಡଓଡ଼ିଶାBUSINESSTECHWORLDHEALTH
LATEST
INDIA
CRICKET
SUCCESS STORY
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS
WORLD
AUTO
MOBILITY
VIRAL
FABLES OF FACADES
ARCHIVED VIDEOS
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsCricket
INDIA VS SA 2022
India vs SA 4th T20: Dinesh Karthik makes hilarious video on flight to Rajkot, WATCH

Dinesh Karthik was part of India’s 1st T20I which they played and won vs South Africa in 2006. 16 years later, he can be seen playing in the India colours again and again vs South Africa. 

Written By Zee Media Bureau|Edited By:  Devadyuti Das|Last Updated: Jun 17, 2022, 06:35 AM IST|Source: Bureau
Follow Us

Trending Photos

5
BrahMos Missile
BrahMos Missile: China's and Pakistan's Fear of India's 'Brahmastra,' In High Demand Worldwide!
7
mahakumbh mela 2025
Mahakumbh Mela 2025: Pilgrims Can Now Book Train Tickets Via QR Code Scanners On Railway Staff Jackets And Get Cashback- Details
7
Rishabh Pant
Rishabh Pant To Yashasvi Jaiswal: Fastest Fifties By Indian Batters In Test Cricket; Check Full List
11
mobility
Delhi To Meerut In Just 40 Minutes From Tomorrow With Namo Bharat Trains: Check Route, Stations, Fare, Distance, Other Details
Source: Twitter

Team India wicketkeeper-batter Dinesh Karthik, who made his comeback in international cricket against South Africa in the ongoing T20I series, took the social media by storm with his antics on the flight from Visakhapatnam to Rajkot ahead of the 4th T20 match on Friday (June 17). Karthik, who served as an expert pundit with broadcasters Star Sports last year, has made yet another return to Team India on the back of is sensational performances for Royal Challengers Bangalore in IPL 2022.

In the video posted by Karthik on his Twitter handle, it looked strange at first since the airplane was engulfed in smoke and the players seemed unconcerned. That is when the Tamil Nadu wicketkeeper appeared on the screen, surrounded by applause and cheers, as he made his dramatic entry out of the smoke. He was seen wearing black sunglasses and walking slowly toward the camera with a wide smile on his face.

Karthik captioned the video by saying “Roll no.1 coming out of viva room be like…” and brought a roar of laughter to everyone’s face. Those who have given viva during their school or college days would be able to relate to Karthik. During the tense situation, the student finishing his or her viva would walk back into the classroom in style as he would be relieved of all the stress.

This is especially the case with students who are ranked at the first position in the roll numbers list as they become the first ones to enter the test.

Watch Dinesh Karthik’s video here…

Karthik has also been named in the Indian squad that will face Ireland on June 26 and June 28 for two T20Is in Dublin. While the ongoing Proteas series has Rishabh Pant as the wicketkeeper, Karthik is likely to keep the wickets for the forthcoming away series.

“I have been dropped so many times and I have always wanted to come back in the Indian team. That has been my biggest tribe. Whether I have played domestic, IPL the urge, the fire in the belly in terms of wanting to come back here is something that I dream of every day. That has kept me going consistently in the last decade or so. I have always found ways to enhance my game and had people around me who really helped in that journey,” Karthik was quoted as saying in video posted on BCCI’s official website.

Not to forget, Karthik was part of India’s 1st T20I which they played and won vs South Africa in 2006. 16 years later, he can be seen playing in the India colours again and again vs South Africa. Speaking on his journey, he said, “I think the cricket has completely changed to what it is was and what it is today. The fact that I have been part of it and seen it grow. It used to be a completely different beast. Representing India means most to me. I am lucky to be here.”

Stay informed on all the latest news, real-time breaking news updates, and follow all the important headlines in india news and world News on Zee News.

TAGS
India Vs SA 2022
IND Vs SA 4th T20
Dinesh Karthik
Team India
Indian Cricket Team
Viral Video
ADVERTISEMENT

Live Tv

ADVERTISEMENT
Trending news
DNA: Uproar over freebies in Delhi!
DNA: AIMIM plans to field 2020 Delhi riots accused Shahrukh Pathan
DNA: A report showing the reality of Bangladesh
DNA: Power Theft Allegations Against SP MP Ziaur Rahman Barq
DNA: Hot Tea Linked to Cancer Risk!
DNA: Why Jordan Fears After Syria’s Coup?
DNA: Gandhi Family Ruined My Career, says Mani Shankar Aiyar
DNA: NSA Ajit Doval’s China Visit - Inside Story
DNA: Ground Report- Tight Security Arrangements for Mahakumbh
DNA: Who got superstar Allu Arjun arrested?
NEWS ON ONE CLICK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://zeenews.india.com/cricket/india-vs-sa-4th-t20-dinesh-karthik-makes-hilarious-video-on-flight-to-rajkot-watch-2474643.html 
 ----- 
