MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Martinez retires 17 straight batters as the Reds beat the Braves 1-0
Updated Sep. 9, 2024 10:27 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

ATLANTA (AP) — Nick Martinez pitched seven innings of two-hit ball, Ty France had an RBI double and the Cincinnati Reds defeated the Atlanta Braves 1-0 on Monday night in the makeup of a July rainout.

Atlanta dropped a game behind the Mets for the last National League wild card. New York won 3-2 in Toronto.

Martinez (8-6) struck out five and held the Braves hitless from the second through the seventh, retiring 17 straight batters in the process. It was the fourth time this season he allowed just two hits in an outing.

“He’s been doing it all year for us, but on a night when we needed him to step up, he did exactly that,” Reds manager David Bell said. “I heard he only threw one first-pitch ball, which is just amazing. I don’t know how often that happens.”

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Fernando Cruz struck out two in the eighth and Alexis Díaz pitched a flawless ninth for his 27th save in 30 opportunities, completing the two-hitter.

The game was scheduled to make up a July 23 postponement. The Reds won the first two games of that series on July 22 and 24.

A win would have pushed Atlanta to a season-high 14 games over .500. Instead, the Braves dropped to 4-4 in September.

“We've just got to hope we can get a couple of our big guys get rolling and get on a run,” manager Brian Snitker said. "When you're having trouble scoring runs and you're pitching really good, there's no room for error. We've just got to keep showing up tomorrow and go 1-0.”

Atlanta is 16-22 in one-run games and 22-38 when the opponent scores first.

Grab Workout Ready Drinkwa...
Crush your goals, not your gear.
YETI|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
World Series Of Poker Finally on Desktop: Early Users Are Getting Great Welcome Benefits
Get On It Now And Experience It With 1,000,000 Free Poker Chips
World Series of Poker|Sponsored
Bill McCartney, who coached Colorado football to only national title, dies at 84
Bill McCartney, a three-time coach of the year in the Big Eight Conference who led Colorado to its only football national championship in 1990, has died. He w...
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.

Charlie Morton (8-8) struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings. He permitted one run and six hits.

“Where we are in the season, we are more aware of what’s going on in our division and in the wild-card race and all of that,” Morton said. “A game like this is pretty tough.”

Cincinnati got on the board in the second when France's double scored TJ Friedl, who was hit by a pitch.

Martinez set down 17 batters in a row before Matt Olson reached on an infield single in the seventh, beating out a throw from third baseman Noelvi Marte.

Cincinnati momentarily took a 2-0 lead in the top of the ninth, but a close call at first base was overturned upon replay review to end the inning.

The Reds won despite leaving nine runners on base.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Braves: Placed catcher Travis d’Arnaud on the paternity list and recalled Chadwick Tromp from Triple-A Gwinnett.

UP NEXT

Braves RHP Reynaldo Lopez (8-5, 2.04 ERA) faces Washington LHP MacKenzie Gore (8-11, 4.32) in the opener of a two-game series.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Blue Jays sign Jeff Hoffman
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Major League Baseball
Cincinnati Reds
Ty France
Nick Martinez
Atlanta Braves
Cincinnati Reds
MLB - Cincinnati Reds vs. Atlanta Braves - 09/09/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/martinez-retires-17-straight-batters-as-the-reds-beat-the-braves-10 
 ----- 
