Skip to main content
Battery Power homepage
an Atlanta Braves community
Follow Battery Power online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Battery Power main menu
QUICKPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

Atlanta Braves keep the same lineup to face the Reds

the Braves will keep the same lineup as yesterday for their one game set against the Reds

By Sam Peebles@SPeeblesSports  Sep 9, 2024, 3:45pm EDT  8 Comments / 8 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options

The Atlanta Braves will face the Cincinnati Reds this evening in a game that was originally scheduled in early August that was postponed due to weather.

The Braves’ rotation and bullpen have both arguably been top three in MLB, and that has been the case but their offense has struggled mightily. The rotation has a twenty-seven game streak of giving up three earned runs or fewer, yet the Braves lost ten of those games. Let’s just say, not many of those were because of the bullpen.

In this stretch, the Braves are right in the middle of the pack, scoring the fifteenth most runs in MLB. This is better than the first few months when they were in the bottom five, but it still gives your pitching a small margin for error in a tight playoff race.

Like most days, there is a question of what the lineup will look like with so many injuries that have happened. The most recent injury to shake things up is Whit Merrifield with a broken foot. This led to the Braves starting Luke Williams yesterday at 2B since Albies is still not ready. The other question mark is who will be in the outfield.

Yesterday also saw Eli White come in the game in the ninth and go 2-2 in key moments of the game. Harris seems to be a lock, but Soler is not a guarantee. The lineup has dropped and we got some answers.

The Braves will being going with the same lineup as they went with yesterday. It will be interesting to see if we are going to start seeing a more constant lineup with changes just based on if it is a RHP or LHP.

It seemed like d’Arnaud was the candidate to get the start at catcher today, but the Braves announced he is now on paternity leave, and called up Tromp.

With Nick Martinez, who is the starter for the Reds, being both a starter and reliever, it has resulted in not many at-bats for the Braves against him. Other than Olson and Ozuna, no one has more than four at-bats against him. Olson and Ozuna could be the key in this game. Olson has a .308 average, 1.207 OPS, and two HRs in thirteen at-bats against Martinez. Ozuna has a .500 average, 1.875 OPS, and two HRs in eight at-bats.

Another thing to keep an eye on is that both Ozuna and Olson have been well above league average against the changeup this season, and it is Martinez’s best pitch this season.

The Reds are a relatively young offense. This means that they have not had many chances against Charlie Morton in their careers. Jake Fraley has six at-bats against Morton, but other than him no one has over four. Two players to keep an eye on are Amed Rosario, who has a 1.250 OPS in four at-bats, and Spencer Steer who has a 1.667 OPS in three at-bats.

Lineup 9/9/2024

Steer, who was a Braves killer in his last game against them will be batting leadoff, playing LF, followed by rising star Elly De La Cruz.

The aforementioned Amed Rosario is in the lineup and will be batting eighth as the DH.

This could be a close matchup between these two clubs if the Braves’ offense does not getting going early.

First pitch is at 6:40 ET.

MORE FROM BATTERY POWER
Braves News: Garrett Cooper, Week Ahead, Rumors, More
Sunday 1/12 Open Thread
Garrett Cooper Signs Minor League Deal with Braves
This Day in Braves History: Braves sign Gaylord Perry
Braves News: Short term free agent options, rumors, more
Saturday 1/11 Open Thread
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Battery Power Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Atlanta Braves news from Battery Power
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.batterypower.com/2024/9/9/24240098/atlanta-braves-keep-the-same-lineup-to-face-the-reds 
 ----- 
