Blog
Todays Match Prediction
SOUTH AFRICA VS. PAKISTAN: PAK’S ..
SOUTH AFRICA VS. PAKISTAN: PAK’S TOUR OF SA 2021, 1st T20 | MATCH PREDICTION AND FANTASY CRICKET TIPS

By Inderjeet Das
Updated On: Apr 09, 2021 13:17 IST |  7 minutes read
1033
Table of Contents

Hosts South Africa take on Pakistan in the first T20 of the 4-match series at the Wanderers Stadium in Johannesburg on Saturday.

South Africa come into this T20 series after losing the ODI series to Pakistan a few days ago. Without many of their major stars who have left to feature in the T20 League, the Proteas have a point or two to prove as the build-up to the T20 World Cup continues. H Klaasen will lead an inexperienced side and will have a lot of responsibility on his shoulders along with A Markram and J Malan. On the bowling front, the team will have to bank on the likes of B Hendricks and L Sipamla to deliver good performances. T Shamsi, who was expensive in the ODI series, will have a key role to play. 

The visitors picked up an outstanding series win in the ODIs and now come into the T20s full of confidence. Led by B Azam and F Zaman, the batting was very solid right through the ODI series. M Hafeez adds more quality to the middle-order batting, their one weak point in the ODIs. The bowling too is well settled with Shaheen, H Rauf and the others doing well so far. U Qadir’s role will be crucial during the middle phase of the innings. 

With both teams looking to win and start the series on a positive note, an entertaining game of cricket awaits us at the Bullring on Saturday.

Match Details

Match: South Africa vs. Pakistan, 1st T20
Venue: Wanderers Stadium, Johannesburg
Date & Time: Apr. 10, 2021 at 6 PM IST

Probable Playing XI

South Africa

J Malan, A Markram, W Lubbe, H Klaasen (C), K Verreynne (WK), A Phehlukwayo, G Linde, S Magala, T Shamsi, B Hendricks, L Sipamla

Pakistan

S Khan, B Azam (C), Haider Ali, M Hafeez, M Rizwan (WK), F Ashraf, M Nawaz, Hassan Ali, S Afridi, H Rauf, U Qadir

Weather and Pitch Report

Johannesburg is expected to have clear and sunny weather during the match. The temperature will be around 27 degrees during the game. 

Similar to the previous match played here, the pitch at the Wanderers is expected to be a batting beauty. The track is generally quite hard and the ball comes onto the bat easily. Pace bowlers will struggle after the initial phase and spinners will have to be careful with their lines on this flat surface. The average first innings score in the last five T20I matches played here has been 179 runs.

The team batting first has won the last four T20I games played at this venue. So expect the captain winning the toss to bat first and put up a big total on the board. A score of around 190 runs should be a competitive one. 

Key Players

J Malan played an attacking innings of 70 runs in the last ODI match against Pakistan. He has scored 110 runs in his five T20I innings so far, with the best score of 44 coming against the visitors in Lahore a few months ago.
H Klaasen will be disappointed with his performance in the ODI series, scoring just 16 runs in three innings. He is a far better player than these numbers suggest. With a career strike rate of 150 in 16 T20Is, he will look to lead from the front in this match. 
T Shamsi is the No. 1 ranked T20I bowler in the world. He was very expensive in the first two matches of the ODI series against Pakistan and picked up just 1 wicket. Contrary to that, he has 10 wickets in the last six T20I matches, with best figures of 4 for 25 against Pakistan in Lahore.
B Azam was in great form in the ODI series, scoring 228 runs at an average of 76, including a century and a score of 90. He will open the innings and will look to take full advantage of the inexperienced bowling attack of South Africa.
M Hafeez is consistently scoring runs in the T20 format for the past couple of seasons. He has scored 5 half centuries in his last 10 innings, which includes scores of 86* and a 99* against England and New Zealand respectively. He will look to continue his good batting form here.
H Rauf was the joint-highest wicket taker of the ODI series, with 7 wickets in three matches at an average of 24.42. He made a decent start to his T20I career, picking up 18 wickets in 13 matches. Although his economy rate of 9 is a little high, he is a wicket taker in this format. 

Howzat Dream Team

Wicketkeepers: H Klassen, K Verreynne 
Batsmen: J Malan, B Azam, S Khan
All-rounders: M Hafeez, G Linde
Bowlers: Hassan Ali, H Rauf, S Magala, T Shamsi
Captain: B Azam/S Khan 
Vice Captain: H Klaasen/T Shamsi

NOTE: The Howzat dream team above is just a suggestion. You can make your match prediction and play fantasy cricket matches. Also, don’t forget to make any necessary changes to your team once the actual playing 11 is announced by each team (30 minutes before the start of the match) as some players you have selected might not be part of the team suggested.

Get fantasy cricket tips on your favorite fantasy sports app and select your own team, Howzat!

Related Articles
Australia vs India 3rd Test 2024 Fantasy Tips, Match Prediction, Pitch Report & Playing 11
By Sayak Das | 13 Dec, 2024
New Zealand vs England 3rd Test 2024 Fantasy Tips, Match Prediction, Pitch Report & Playing 11
By Sayak Das | 13 Dec, 2024
South Africa vs Pakistan 2nd T20 2024 Fantasy Tips, Match Prediction, Pitch Report & Playing 11
By Sayak Das | 12 Dec, 2024
Share

Facebook

Twitter

Most Popular Post
Who is the Fastest Bowler in Cricket World? Top 10 Fastest Deliveries
🏏Longest Six in Cricket History - Top 10 Biggest Six by Distance
Best Football Player in the World (2024) - Top 10 Football Players
QUICK LINKS
Home
Fantasy Cricket
Poker Game
How To Play
Tips & Tricks
Points System
Testimonial
About Us
FAQs
Disclaimer
Legality
Privacy Policy
Refer & Earn
Refund Policy
Terms of Service
DOWNLOAD OUR APP

Download
ANDROID APP

Download
IOS APP

FOLLOW US
 
 
 
 

Copyright notice: © Junglee Games India Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.howzat.com/blog/match-prediction/south-africa-vs-pakistan-1st-t20-match-prediction-fantasy-xi 
 ----- 
