Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'Opposite of sluggish': Post-clinch O's stay hot in the Bronx
Share
'Opposite of sluggish': Post-clinch O's stay hot in the Bronx
Orioles set tone with 6 straight hits to again deny Yankees' bid for AL East crown
September 26th, 2024

Jake Rill

@JakeDRill
Share

0:05

1:06

NEW YORK -- The best way to follow a postseason clinching celebration? It’s hard to top a historic start the next day.

One night after punching their ticket to October, the Orioles opened with six consecutive singles on Wednesday en route to a 9-7 win over the Yankees at Yankee Stadium. Baltimore’s hot start led to a three-run top of the first inning, and the O’s stayed in front the rest of the way.

It marked the first time since at least 1969 that the Orioles have started a game with six straight singles, and the second time they’ve begun with six consecutive hits. On Sept. 24, 2008, they opened an 11-6 loss to the Rays with five straight singles, followed by a double.

The post-clinch O’s certainly did not get off to a sluggish start a day after they partied.

Sights & sounds from the Orioles' postseason clinch

“Opposite of sluggish,” manager Brandon Hyde said. “Right away, just really good at-bats from the first inning. Nice to score a few runs there early.”

The Orioles (88-70) denied the Yankees (92-66) of clinching the American League East title for the second straight night. The only way Baltimore can take the division crown is by winning each of its final four games (one vs. the Yanks and three vs. the Twins) and having New York lose each of its final four (one vs. the O’s and three vs. the Pirates).

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

Even though the Orioles have secured their spot in the postseason, there’s still plenty to play for. Their next win will ensure they’ll finish no worse than the top AL Wild Card spot, meaning they’d get to host a best-of-three Wild Card Series at Camden Yards as the No. 4 seed. They could also clinch that if the Tigers lose to the Rays on Thursday.

Related
Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

6:14 AM UTC

Orioles avoid arbitration with 10 of 11 eligible players

3:00 AM UTC

The 10 rarest, wildest box score lines of 2024

December 30th, 2024

Here is the 2024 'All-Awardless' team

December 1st, 2024

Reliving the top 5 moments from Cowser's stellar rookie season

November 20th, 2024

Cowser finishes 2nd in tight AL Rookie of Year race

November 19th, 2024

The O’s improved to 8-4 vs. the Yankees this season with their 17-hit performance led by Gunnar Henderson (three hits and two RBIs), Colton Cowser (two hits and three RBIs) and Cedric Mullins (three hits and three runs scored).

Henderson, Jordan Westburg, Anthony Santander, Cowser, Ryan Mountcastle and Ryan O’Hearn all singled consecutively to start the first against right-hander Marcus Stroman, who was tagged for six runs on 10 hits (all singles) in 3 1/3 innings. The Orioles finished with 14 singles and three doubles.

“We had a lot of singles. We had a lot of clutch hits,” Hyde said. “Kept the line moving. I thought our at-bats all night were really good.”

Baltimore broke the game open with a four-run fourth that featured a two-run single by Henderson and RBI doubles from Santander and Cowser. The Orioles scored more than five runs for only the second time in their past 18 games, a stretch during which they’ve plated three or fewer 11 times.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“Obviously, putting up nine runs and the offense doing their thing is always great for everybody on the team,” said right-hander Zach Eflin, who allowed three runs in 4 2/3 innings in his final regular-season start. “They’ve done it for a good while the past two years, and you’re going to go through little ruts and stuff through a 162-game season, it’s going to happen. But it looks like we’re on the other side of that right now, and we’re playing some really good baseball.”

It helps that Baltimore’s lineup is the healthiest it has been since July, as Westburg, Urías and Mountcastle were all reinstated from the injured list over the previous three days.

Westburg (4-for-12 in three games) and Urías (3-for-13 in three games) have blended right back into the fold. Meanwhile, Mountcastle is 2-for-7 since rejoining the roster Tuesday.

“Win or lose, it's always tough just watching from the side,” Mountcastle said. “So, just happy to be back and happy to be healthy and ready for the playoffs.”

Mountcastle, who missed a little more than a month with a left wrist sprain, is among the many players on the Orioles’ roster who experienced the disappointing conclusion to the 2023 season. After a 101-61 regular season that led to an AL East title, Baltimore was swept in three games by eventual World Series champion Texas in the AL Division Series.

With the O’s seemingly gaining momentum in the final week, the belief is strong that a better October is ahead for this club.

“I believe in our guys in this clubhouse and what we can do,” Mountcastle said. “We're a really good team, offensively and defensively, and hopefully, that leads to success.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Baltimore Orioles
Gunnar Henderson
Colton Cowser

Jake Rill covers the Orioles for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/gunnar-henderson-colton-cowser-orioles-hot-start-vs-yankees 
 ----- 
