Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
YANKEES
New York Yankees vs. Baltimore Orioles FREE LIVE STREAM (9/25/24) | Time, TV channel, how to watch MLB games online
Updated: Sep. 25, 2024, 5:02 p.m.|Published: Sep. 25, 2024, 5:00 p.m.

New York Yankees' Aaron Judge stands on the field during the ninth inning of a baseball game Friday, Sept. 20, 2024, in Oakland, Calif. (AP Photo/Eakin Howard)AP

By Gabriel Trevino | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com

The New York Yankees, with Nestor Cortes starting on the mound, face the Baltimore Orioles, with Zach Eflin on the mound, on Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, (9/25/24) at Yankee Stadium in New York City.

With the American League Wild Card playoff race heating up, here’s how to watch the game.

0:00
/
0:49
Keep Watching
Leighton Baines praises Everton response after victory on 'difficult day'

How to watch: Fans can watch the game for FREE via a trial of DirecTV Stream or fuboTV for local channels, or a subscription to ESPN+.

What: Yankees game

Who: New York Yankees vs. Baltimore Orioles

When: Sept. 25, 2024

Time: 7 p.m. ET

Where: Yankee Stadium

TV: YES Network (New York area), MASN (Baltimore area)

Channel finder: Verizon Fios, Comcast Xfinity,Spectrum/Charter,Optimum/Altice,Cox,DIRECTV,Dish,Hulu, fuboTV, Sling.

Live stream: DirecTV Stream (free trial), fuboTV (free trial), ESPN+

NEW YORK (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles clinched their second straight playoff berth, overcoming Aaron Judge’s major league-leading 56th home run to beat the New York Yankees 5-3 on Tuesday night.

Baltimore’s win combined with Minnesota’s loss to Miami nine minutes later assured the injury-depleted Orioles at least an American League wild card.

“Last year winning the American League East was just such an achievement for us and the expectations were much lower,” general manager Mike Elias said. “We came into this year with higher expectations. We made a lot of moves that kind of pushed some chips in for this year and then we just didn’t have the fortune that we would have hoped for. I think today is a sense of relief.”

Anthony Santander hit his 44th home run and Ramón Urías and Colton Cowser also went deep for Baltimore (87-80), which closed within five games of the AL East-leading Yankees (92-65) with five games left. The Orioles’ win clinched the season series and the tiebreaker against the Yankees, but Baltimore would have to finish 5-0 while New York goes 0-5 for the Orioles to finish atop the division.

New York, which locked up a playoff berth last week, would win the AL East with one more victory.

“We didn’t get it done today but we’ve got an opportunity to do it tomorrow,” Judge said.

Baltimore had lost seven of its previous 10 games.

Santander homered in the sixth against Clarke Schmidt (5-5), a drive off the right-field foul pole. Eligible for free agency after the World Series, the switch-hitter has set career bests for homers and RBIs (100).

Urías boosted the lead to 4-1 with a home run against Tim Mayza starting the seventh.

Gleyber Torres’ two-out RBI double and Juan Soto’s run-scoring single against Yennier Cano in the bottom half cut the deficit to 4-3, but when Soto continued to second on Santander’s throw home from right field, Torres got caught in a rundown between third base and home plate and was tagged out — preventing Judge from batting with two on.

“I just tried to protect Soto,” Torres said. “I feel like I have to be a little more aggressive if I’m going to make that decision.”

Torres had three hits and is batting .295 since the All-Star break, up from .231 in the first half.

“He does make some mistakes on base,” Yankees manager Aaron Boone said. “On the bases, he’s cleaned it up a lot from I think last year and the year before where he was getting himself in trouble a lot. I think in his case, has toned down some of the aggressiveness, but I think also tonight is a case of protecting a runner, too. But, again, it’s got to be bluff or sell out and go.”

Cowser homered off Ian Hamilton in the eighth.

Dean Kremer (8-10) allowed one run and three hits in five innings. Seranthony Domínguez, Baltimore’s seventh pitcher, got two outs for his 11th save in 13 chances.

Schmidt gave up thee runs and four hits in five-plus innings.

Heston Kjerstad’s RBI grounder in the second and Ryan O’Hearn’s run-scoring single in the fourth following Schmidt’s wild pitch built a 2-0 lead.

Judge homered in the bottom half, a high drive to left field.

Knicks player Josh Hart, a great nephew of former Yankees catcher Elston Howard, threw out the ceremonial first pitch and former New York center fielder Bernie Williams, an acclaimed guitarist in his second career, played the national anthem.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Orioles: 1B Ryan Mountcastle was activated from the 10-day injured list after recovering from sprained left wrist sustained Aug. 22. He pinch hit in the sixth and went 1 for 2. ... RHP Grayson Rodriguez (lat) is still not facing hitters and did not make the trip.

Yankees: RHP Jake Cousins (right pectoral strain) hopes to start throwing in a few days and be available for a Division Series.

UP NEXT

Yankees LHP Nestor Cortes (9-10, 3.77 ERA) is 4-0 in his last seven starts going into Wednesday’s outing against RHP Zach Eflin (10-9, 3.54).

MORE YANKEES COVERAGE
Baseball Hall of Fame 2025: How Ichiro Suzuki, CC Sabathia, Billy Wagner, all 28 candidates fare after 122 votes
Ex-Yankees pitcher signs in NL, immediately becoming top late-inning option
Forget Yankees: Mets are ‘more open’ to adding batting champion
As Yankees search for infielder, one of their own is drawing trade interest
Roki Sasaki rumors | As decision nears, do Yankees, Mets still have a chance?

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About NJ.com
Advertise with us
Contact Us
Newsletters
Jobs at NJ Advance Media
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
NJ.com
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
South Jersey Times
The Jersey Journal
Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
NJ.com Sections
N.J. News
Local News
N.J. Politics
Sports
High School Sports
Entertainment
Food & Recipes
Events
Business
Opinion
Jersey's Best
Legal Notices
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Special Sections
Local Life
Contribute to NJ.com
Submit an event
Follow Us
YouTube
Facebook
RSS
Twitter
Instagram
More on NJ.com
Place an ad
Sell your car
Post a job
Sell/rent your home
Apartments & rentals
Weather
Site map
Sponsor Content
Search
NJ.com Store
Archives
Newspaper stories and photos
Learn more about our newspapers
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
The Jersey Journal
South Jersey Times
Hunterdon County Democrat
Mobile
iPhone, Android apps
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nj.com/yankees/2024/09/new-york-yankees-vs-baltimore-orioles-free-live-stream92524-time-tv-channel-how-to-watch-mlb-games-online.html 
 ----- 
