NBA
Chicago Bulls
Matas Buzelis' fearless take shows he's not intimidated of Giannis Antetokounmpo

Matas Buzelis isn't afraid to compete with the best of the best.

By 

Scotty White

Oct 15, 2024 at 12:35 AM ET

The Chicago Bulls opened up preseason play last week, and they have now had three games. Their most recent game took place on Monday night as they traveled to take on the Milwaukee Bucks. It was a close game throughout, but the Bucks got the win. Still, there were some positive takeaways for the Bulls, and one of them was the play of rookie Matas Buzelis.

There is a lot that Bulls fans are paying attention to in preseason play, and one of the biggest things is the play of Matas Buzelis. Buzelis is the lone 2024 draft pick for Chicago, and he has looked good so far.

Against the Bucks, Buzelis dropped 15 points on 5-13 shooting in 22 minutes. He was 3/9 from deep, and he also added two rebounds and two assists.

Buzelis was going up against one of the best players in the NBA on Monday night in Giannis Antetokounmpo. The Bulls didn’t play their main guys on Monday, but the Bucks did. Buzelis wasn’t afraid to compete with one of the league’s best.

Related Chicago Bulls News
Article continues below
Draymond Green gives Derrick Rose big Hall of Fame endorsement
18h
Wizards vs. Bulls prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/10/2025
19h
Torrey Craig ex claims Megan Thee Stallion is not his ‘type’
1d
Patrick Williams rips Bulls over effort level in blowout loss to Pacers
2d

“I just think of it as another player,” Buzelis said after the game, according to a post from K.C. Johnson. “I know who he is of course. But when we step on the court, it's 0-0. He's a tough cover. He's really strong, tall, athletic, does everything on the court. But I'm going to compete all the time.”

That’s what Bulls fans want to hear out of their young star. He showed on Monday night that is ready to take on the best players in the NBA. Matas Buzelis wasn’t afraid, and he looked good against the Bucks.

The Bulls didn’t win on Monday night, but it kind of felt like a victory because of how a lot of backups did against the Bucks’ starters. Milwaukee played their core guys, but they only won the game by four points.

Chicago will return to action on Wednesday as they will be hosting the Minnesota Timberwolves at the United Center. The Bulls have just two more preseason games before getting their real season started on October 23rd against the New Orleans Pelicans on the road. It will be exciting to see how Buzelis plays when the regular season begins.

Scotty White serves as ClutchPoints' Chicago Bulls and Michigan Football reporter, in addition to covering NCAA Football and Basketball as an associate editor. Scotty is a graduate of the University of Michigan and has been in the sports journalism industry since 2020.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Heat trade proposal lands De’Aaron Fox in Kings blockbuster
3 days ago
10 worst players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
10 best players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
The perfect Nuggets-Heat trade that pairs Jimmy Butler with Nikola Jokic
19 hours ago
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
1 day ago
2025 NBA All-Star predictions: Victor Wembanyama, Cade Cunningham earn first nods
2 days ago
10 most overrated players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
3 weeks ago
NBA rumors: Heat’s Jimmy Butler trade offers ‘stink’
3 days ago
Charles Barkley did not stutter about ‘best team in the NBA’
2 days ago
When is the 2025 NBA trade deadline? Date, time, players on the block
2 days ago
Ranking best CJ McCollum trade destinations if Pelicans blow it up
3 days ago
Ranking 3 best Bradley Beal trade destinations after Suns benching
3 days ago
Giannis Antetokounmpo
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/bulls-news-matas-buzelis-fearless-take-shows-hes-not-intimidated-giannis-antetokounmpo 
 ----- 
