Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Chicago Bulls Player Exits Bucks Game Due To Injury
Julian Phillips left Monday's game with an injury.
Ben Stinar | Oct 15, 2024
Mar 31, 2024; Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA; Chicago Bulls head coach Billy Donovan looks on during the first half against the Minnesota Timberwolves at Target Center. Mandatory Credit: Matt Krohn-Imagn Images / Matt Krohn-Imagn Images

On Monday evening, the Chicago Bulls played the Milwaukee Bucks in Wisconsin for their third preseason game.

The Bulls lost by a score of 111-107 to fall to 1-2 in the preseason.

During the game, Julian Phillips got injured, and he did not return for the remainder of the night.

Phillips finished with 10 points and two rebounds while shooting 4/9 from the field and 2/6 from the three-point range in 12 minutes of playing time.

Via The Chicago Bulls: "Injury Update: Julian Phillips - rib contusion. He is out for the remainder of tonight's game."

Phillips was the 35th pick in the 2023 NBA Draft out of Tennessee.

He finished his rookie year in the NBA with averages of 2.2 points per contest while shooting 41.6% from the field and 31.6% from the three-point range in 40 games.

During Saturday's 124-121 loss to the Grizzlies, Phillips had a big night.

Via The Bulls on Sunday: "Julian was locked in last night!

21 PTS | 5-8 3FG | 8 REB | 2 AST"

The Bulls will play one more preseason game when they host the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday evening at the United Center.

They will then play their first game of the 2024-25 regular season on October 23 when they visit Dejounte Murray and the New Orleans Pelicans.

Oct 8, 2024; Cleveland, Ohio, USA; Chicago Bulls forward Julian Phillips (15) drives to the basket in the fourth quarter against the Cleveland Cavaliers at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse. Mandatory Credit: David Richard-Imagn Images / David Richard-Imagn Images

The Bulls are coming off a year where they lost to the Miami Heat in the play-in tournament.

They missed the NBA playoffs for the second straight season.

Published Oct 15, 2024|Modified Oct 15, 2024
BEN STINAR

Ben Stinar is the NBA reporter for Fastbreak on FanNation.

Follow @BenStinar

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/nba/fastbreak/chicago-bulls-player-exits-grizzlies-game-due-to-injury-phillips 
 ----- 
