The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
BULLS SPORTS NBA
Bulls have to see something special from Josh Giddey before he gets new payday
The point guard undoubtedly will look good on the stat sheet, but the Bulls must see more before extending his contract.
By  Joe Cowley   Oct 15, 2024, 8:39pm UTC

Bulls guard Josh Giddey has shown some flashes so far this preseason, but the organization needs more than flashes to feel good about extending him after the season.

Stacy Revere/Getty

SHARE
COPY LINK

MILWAUKEE — Bulls point guard Josh Giddey is going to get his numbers this season.

Win or lose, he is talented enough to fall out of bed, show up to the arena and put up 15 points, eight rebounds and eight assists every night.

That’s not all the front office is looking for, however.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO BULLS
Guard Zach LaVine sets tone in Bulls' blowout victory against Wizards
How Bulls forward Matas Buzelis is handling the dog days of the NBA season
Want a stake in Michael Jordan's Highland Park mansion? New owner says he's selling shares at $1M
Bulls still searching for answers to unlock forward Patrick Williams
Bulls get message after inconsistent play continues in lopsided loss to Pacers
Bulls coach Billy Donovan sees All-Star value in Zach LaVine, Nikola Vucevic
LATEST STORIES
Saying a prayer for Bears general manager Ryan Poles
Trump's company won't ban private foreign deals during his presidency a break with first term policy
Ohio State getting shot at sixth national title after win over Texas in CFP semi Cotton Bowl
Balanced Kankakee beats Crete-Monee
Guard Zach LaVine sets tone in Bulls' blowout victory against Wizards
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Saturday, January 11, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 11, 2025, 6:01am UTC
NEWS
Notre Dame football fans hope for a championship
The Fighting Irish beat Penn State 27-24, moving on to the national title game in Atlanta. Their last national championship was in 1988.
By Cindy Hernandez  Jan 11, 2025, 4:13am UTC
BLACKHAWKS
Through Blackhawks' woes, Frank Nazar is one player bringing the right attitude
Nazar hasn’t been rewarded with many points in the NHL yet, but he has played well. He also has the perfect personality to maintain confidence through the Hawks’ team struggles, which continued Friday in a 5-3 loss to the Red Wings.
By Ben Pope  Jan 11, 2025, 3:47am UTC
HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL
Unsigned, under-appreciated senior Cameron Thomas scores 32 as Mount Carmel dominates St. Ignatius
Mount Carmel senior Cameron Thomas may be the best player in the Catholic League. He’s undoubtedly one of the best players in the area.
By Michael O’Brien  Jan 11, 2025, 3:35am UTC
BULLS
How Bulls forward Matas Buzelis is handling the dog days of the NBA season
“One thing about me, I’m never going to stop growing,” Buzelis said. “I promise you I’m going to figure it out.”
By Kyle Williams  Jan 11, 2025, 3:30am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/bulls/2024/10/15/bulls-need-special-from-josh-giddey-before-he-gets-payday 
 ----- 
