Subscribe: Less than $1.50/wk
Sign In
FORBES
BUSINESS
SPORTSMONEY
Bucks Film Room: Giannis Antetokounmpo's Rare Struggles At The Rim
Brian Sampson
Contributor
I use film and analytics to cover the Milwaukee Bucks.
Follow
0
Jan 5, 2025,09:34am EST

MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN - JANUARY 04: Deandre Ayton #2 of the Portland Trail Blazers blocks the shot of ... [+]

GETTY IMAGES

Giannis Antetokounmpo’s greatest strength is his relentless ability to attack the rim and get easy buckets whenever the Milwaukee Bucks need them. It’s his superpower, his bread and butter—the one thing that defenses know is coming but still can’t stop. So when he goes through a rough patch finishing at the basket, it’s not just surprising; it’s borderline shocking.

He’s the most dominant finisher since Shaquille O’Neal. From 2018-19 to 2023-24, Antetokounmpo converted at least 74 percent of his shots within four feet of the hoop every single season, according to Cleaning the Glass. In half of those seasons, that number jumped to 77 percent or higher.

We all know about his powerful ability to power through the defense and hammer one home at point-blank range. There’s no secret why he's finished in the top three in the NBA in total dunks since 2018-19.

His finesse around the rim is his secret weapon.

Antetokounmpo’s ability to maneuver in traffic, find creative angles, and finish with either hand separates him from other physical marvels. Whether it’s twisting through double-teams or finishing over lengthier defenders, he’s a master at exploiting even the smallest windows near the basket. With the league trending toward taller, longer defenders, this skill set has become even more critical—and it’s why his recent three-game slump has been so jarring.

Over this stretch, Antetokounmpo has missed two dunks and 20 other attempts within five feet of the rim, converting just 55.1 percent of his shots in that range. That’s nearly 20 points lower than his worst season-long average over the past six years.

It all started on New Year’s Eve against the Indiana Pacers, his first game back after an illness.

On the Bucks’ opening possession, Giannis attacked Pascal Siakam on the left side of the court, reached the rim, and missed a routine Stockton layup with his right hand.

Forbes Daily: Join over 1 million Forbes Daily subscribers and get our best stories, exclusive reporting and essential analysis of the day’s news in your inbox every weekday.

Sign Up

By signing up, you agree to receive this newsletter, other updates about Forbes and its affiliates’ offerings, our Terms of Service (including resolving disputes on an individual basis via arbitration), and you acknowledge our Privacy Statement. Forbes is protected by reCAPTCHA, and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Minutes later, Khris Middleton fed him on a backdoor cut for an alley-oop. The ball rattled in and out. While he rallied in the second half to lead Milwaukee to a comeback win, he finished the game just 6-for-11 on shots within four feet.

Two nights later, the Bucks hosted the Brooklyn Nets, and the struggles continued.

To their credit, Brooklyn’s length bothered Giannis on several attempts, but even then, he missed multiple makeable shots.

Two of the most egregious examples came late in the game.

Milwaukee was trying to make a furious comeback and was down six with 1:35 remaining in the fourth quarter. Antetokounmpo took the pass from Damian Lillard at the top of the key. He used a Pat Connaughton free to get wide open and took off on the inside of the free throw circle for an uncontested dunk. Only, he took off a bit too far, and it clanged off the back of the iron.

He had a chance to redeem himself on the final possession. Down 1 with less than 12 seconds, Damian Lillard set a screen for Antetokounmpo this time. It didn't get him open, but he drove to the right side of the hoop and tried to lay it in off the glass to no success. He finished that game 10-for-18 around the rim.

By Saturday, the Bucks were hoping for a reset against the Portland Trail Blazers. Instead, Giannis’s struggles persisted. Portland rookie Donovan Clingan provided some effective rim protection, but Giannis missed a slew of shots he typically makes with ease. He ended the game 11-for-20 around the rim, and Milwaukee suffered a stunning 105-102 loss at home.

When the dust settled on this three-game stretch, Antetokounmpo had converted just 27 of 49 attempts within five feet—a paltry 55.1 percent. For comparison, his worst full-season mark in this range since 2016-17 was 74 percent. This wasn’t just a minor dip; it was an anomaly.

The frustrations have been visible, and understandably so. It’s been a challenging two years for both Antetokounmpo and the Bucks, with playoff disappointments and major roster changes weighing on the franchise. This slump is just another layer to the adversity.

But if there’s one thing Giannis has proven throughout his career, it’s his resilience. He’s battled through plenty—injuries, criticism, and the weight of carrying a small-market team to championship contention. These struggles at the rim are unlikely to linger.

For now, they serve as a rare reminder that even the league’s most unstoppable force is human.

Follow me on Twitter. 
Brian Sampson
Follow

I cover the Milwaukee Bucks as a contributor for Forbes Sports and BrewHoop. I am also the

... Read More

Editorial Standards
Forbes Accolades
Video unavailable
Join The Conversation
Comments 0

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 

Read our community guidelines here.
1 of 4 free articles
Become a Forbes Member. Subscribe to trusted journalism that empowers your journey.
Subscribe Now
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.forbes.com/sites/briansampson/2025/01/05/bucks-film-room-giannis-antetokounmpos-rare-struggles-at-the-rim/ 
 ----- 
