Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
SportFootball
Is Netherlands vs Scotland on TV tonight? Kick-off time, channel and how to watch all international friendlies

Everything you need to know ahead of a busy night of international action

Harry Latham-Coyle
Friday 22 March 2024 15:49 EDT
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
Netherland's national team training ahead of friendly against Scotland
Your support helps us to tell the story
SUPPORT NOW

From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging.

At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story.

The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it.

Your support makes all the difference.
Read more

Scotland face a tough trip to take on the Netherlands on a busy night of international action.

Preparations for this summer’s major tournaments are beginning to intensify with both Euro 2024 and the Copa America looming into view.

For Steve Clarke’s side, a trip to Amsterdam represents an opportunity to test themselves against another top nation having come through qualifying impressively.

Scotland will face hosts Germany, Hungary and Switzerland in Group A at the tournament this summer, while the Netherlands have been drawn in Group D alongside Austria, France and a play-off winner.

Here’s everything you need to know. Get the latest football odds and tips here.

When is Netherlands vs Scotland?

The match is due to kick off at 7.45pm GMT on Friday 22 March at the Johan Cruyff Arena in Amsterdam.

How can I watch it?

Viewers in the United Kingdom can watch the action live on Viaplay Sports 1, with coverage on the channel from 7pm GMT. A livestream will be available to subscribers on the Viaplay website.

If you’re travelling abroad and want to watch major sporting events, you might need a VPN to unblock your streaming app. Our VPN round-up is here to help and includes deals on VPNs in the market. Viewers using a VPN need to make sure that they comply with any local regulations where they are, and also with the terms of their service provider.

Odds

Netherlands win 5/11

Draw 16/5

Scotland win 13/2

Get the latest football betting site offers here

What are the other international fixtures tonight and how can I watch them?

All times GMT

North Macedonia v Moldova, 2.30pm (Viaplay Sports 1)

Armenia v Kosovo, 4pm (Viaplay Sports 2)

Norway v Czechia, 5pm (Viaplay Sports 1)

Hungary v Turkey, 7.45pm (Viaplay Sports Online)

Romania v Northern Ireland, 7.45pm (Viaplay Sports Online)

Spain v Colombia, 8.30pm (Viaplay Sports Online)

More aboutNetherlands footballScotland football
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

Comments
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/football/netherlands-scotland-tv-channel-time-b2517003.html 
 ----- 
