	
SOLOMON ISLANDS 2023 PACIFIC NEWS & RESULTS
We bring the latest news and results from all  Games in  SolomonIslands2023. Explore the website for relevant information about the Games. Best video game consoles


The Spirit of the Pacific !
Vanuatu and Samoa men register first football wins at Pacific Games

11/20/2023

 
Tuvalu could muster little in attack to counter Vanuatu, losing 7-0. Photos: Pacific Games News Service.
Best video game consoles
Vanuatu and Samoa men’s football teams registered their first wins of the Sol2023 Pacific Games on Monday, each notching huge victories at a packed Lawson Tama Stadium.

Vanuatu was the first to seal victory 7-0 over underdogs Tuvalu.


Vanuatu showcased their competence early on with an opening goal from Tony Kalotang after just six minutes, followed moments later by a second from Godine Tenene.


Despite Tuvalu’s defenders putting up a strong resistance, they conceded an own goal shortly before half time to trail 3-0 at the break.


The second half saw Vanuatu extend their lead with three more goals, another each for Kalotang and Tenene plus a score for Joe Moses, sealing a convincing 6-0 win.Best video game consoles



Vanuatu coach Emerson Alcantara said they are now eager to face PNG to determine the winner of Group B.

“It’s good to start off with a win and we can now look forward to our important match against PNG,” he told the Pacific Games News Service.


The second match of the afternoon saw Samoa emerge triumphant with a dominant 10-0 victory over neighbours American Samoa.


Leading 4-0 in the first half, Samoa added another six goals in the second.


Samoa coach Ryan Stewart expressed satisfaction with the team’s professional and impressive performance, emphasising their disciplined play and numerous chances created.


“We came off a tough game against Solomon Islands (Samoa lost 1-0 to the hosts), which I thought we did very well on,” Stewart said.


“The big thing today was that we didn’t become complacent and think that all we had to do today was turn up.

“Today I thought the boys were very professional in what they did. We played a 10-0 win, but the way we did it was what I’m proud of. We played good football, moved it well and created a lot of chances,” he said.

Despite the challenging loss, American Samoa remains resilient and optimistic.

Their assistant coach, Frederick Maiava, acknowledged the toughness of the contest but emphasised their commitment to keep fighting.

“This first match was really tough for us against Samoa. Despite what happened today, we move on. We’re here, we fight, and even though we lost today, we will keep fighting,” he said.

Men’s football continues on Tuesday at the SIFF Academy. Cook Islands will face Tonga at 4pm, followed by Fiji v Tahiti at 7pm.

By Carlos Aruafu, Pacific Games News Service

Also read
​Australia and New Caledonia dominate day one of judo at Pacific Games Solomon Islands




Share this Article on your social network!

Share
Facebook
Twitter



Comments are closed.
	
Pacific Games News & Results 
This page brings all the latest Samoa2019 Pacific Games and news. We will also bring result updates as the games progress. 
Pacific Games News Headlines

 

Pacific Games - Solomon Islands 2023 - News

Vanuatu and Samoa men register first football wins at Pacific Games

Tuvalu could muster little in attack to counter Vanuatu, losing 7-0. Photos: Pacific Games News Service. Vanuatu an...

Australia and New Caledonia dominate day one of judo at Pacific Games Solomon Islands

Australia and New Caledonia dominate day one of judo at Pacific Games Solomon Islands: Pacific Games News Service A...

Solomon Islands Pacific Games Opening in Pictures

Solomon Islands : Pacific Games Open in style.  Photo courtesy of Solo2023Next : Team P...

Team PNG lands in Solomon Islands for Games

THE first lot of Team Papua New Guinea athletes and officials arrived yesterday in the Solomon Islands capital Honi...

PNG Government boosts Team PNG to Pacific Games in Solomon Islands

The PNG Government has made good its promise at the last minute to boost Team PNG’s attendance at the 17th Pacifi...

Participating Countries 
New Caledonia

 Samoa 

 Fiji 

Guam 

Tahiti 

Papua New Guinea 

Marshall Islands

Nauru 
Norfolk Islands
Australia
New Zealand



	


Solomon Islands

Vanuatu

Kiribati

American Samoa 

Tuvalu

Cook Islands 

Tonga

Wallis & Futuna
GAMES PROGRESSIVE TALLY CLICK HERE >>

RSS Feed

HOME
SOLO2023 MEDAL TALLY LADDER
NEWS
COUNTRIES
ABOUT
Pacific Games History
DISCLAIMER
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY




﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pacificgames.pngfacts.com/news/vanuatu-and-samoa-men-register-first-football-wins-at-pacific-games 
 ----- 
