Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Bristol
Pat Lam Backs English Winger To ‘play At The Next Level’ Following Breathtaking Hat-trick Against Exeter
Pat Lam backs English winger to ‘play at the next level’ following breathtaking hat-trick against Exeter
Louis Chapman Coombe
12 Oct 2024 9:47 PM

Gabriel Ibitoye is 'good enough' to play at the next level according to boss Pat Lam

Bristol Bears boss Pat Lam believes star wing Gabriel Ibitoye is “good enough to play at the next level” following another stellar performance in the Premiership.

The 26-year-old was on top form against Exeter, notching a stellar nine-minute hat-trick to secure a dramatic 40-35 win at Sandy Park.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>
“He’s good enough to play at the next level”

Ibitoye has been on top form this season and has quickly become the heartbeat of the Bristol attack, and boss Lam was full of praise for him following another great showing.

“I believe he’s good enough to play at the next level,” he told the media after the game. “His fundamentals as a winger are great, and then on top of that, we get the Gabriel Ibitoye who’s brilliant. He’s one of the fittest guys, he’s electric, but it’s about him staying in the game and he’s done that very well.”

‘Heads in the sand’ – Rob Baxter bemoans late ‘implosion’ against Bristol Bears

Lam also detailed the key area he’s worked on to allow Ibitoye to go up another gear this season.

“There’s a few areas of his game we’ve worked on,” he explained. “If you think about high balls, he’s brilliant at catching high balls, but there’d be five high balls go up in the air and he’d catch four, that’s just mental. We addressed that with him, and he hasn’t dropped one this year.”

The winger burst onto the scene with Harlequins, before leaving to join Agen in 2020. He later had brief spells at Montpellier and Tel Aviv Heat before returning to the Premiership with Bristol in 2022, where he’s notched 43 appearances to date.

Despite his form, Ibitoye has not yet earned a senior England cap but was a regular feature for the U20 side during his early career.

Bears taking it one game at a time

The win at Sandy Park – Bristol’s eighth-straight away victory – takes them to the top of the Premiership table with three wins from their opening four games, and also comes off the back of their 36-26 victory over Bath last weekend too.

On top of this, they also currently boast the best-attacking record in the league with 141 points to their name after four games.

Gabriel Ibitoye magic snatches dramatic win for Bristol Bears as Exeter woes continue

Ad

With their red-hot form, it could be easy to get carried away; but Lam insists they are just focusing on next weekend’s clash with Saracens.

“Next week is all we’re looking at, and what a fixture it looks like being; a top-of-the-table clash,” Lam said.

The reverse fixture last year ultimately de-railed their push for the play-offs, and Lam detailed his side were “really disappointed” off the back of it.

“We were really disappointed with our game against them last year,” he said. We didn’t get the best versions of ourselves. They’re going really well, and what a game to go and try to fix our home form. We’ll enjoy tonight, and recover; it’ll probably be a modified week with the sore bodies, but that’s fine as long as we rock up for a massive game.”

READ NEXT: Leicester Tigers v Northampton Saints: Five takeaways as Michael Cheika’s ‘clinical’ side claim emphatic East Midlands derby win

Should Gabriel Ibitoye get an England call-up?
Yes
No

Bristol
Gabriel Ibitoye
Pat Lam
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
David Skippers
13 hours ago
Bristol Bears’ season dealt another blow as the extent of Gabriel Ibitoye’s injury is revealed

Bristol Bears speedster Gabriel Ibitoye will be sidelined throughout January after sustaining a leg injury.

Colin Newboult
15 hours ago
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’

The Rugby World Cup-winning head coach thinks that one hire could make all the difference for England.

Louis Chapman Coombe
01 Jan 2025
Bristol Bears tie down ‘world-class’ international after ‘devastating’ start to Premiership season

Kalaveti Ravouvou will remain with the Bears for the foreseeable future!

Adam Kyriacou
25 Dec 2024
Christmas-themed XV: Ollie Sleigh-tholme and Jeandré Rudolph included in festive team

Planet Rugby decided to put together its Christmas XV.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
30
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Leicester Fainga’anuku reveals ‘preference’ for Top 14 over Super Rugby as All Blacks powerhouse opens up on New Zealand return
9 hours ago
France dealt ANOTHER injury setback ahead of the Six Nations
11 hours ago
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
14 hours ago
6
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
15 hours ago
4
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
16 hours ago
3
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
15 hours ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/pat-lam-backs-english-winger-to-play-at-the-next-level-following-breathtaking-hat-trick-against-exeter 
 ----- 
