     
Who We Are
General
Background
Board of directors
Opportunities
Contact Us
People
Management
The Sheikh Zayed Al Nahyan Chair
Tun Hussein Onn Chair
Research Team
Chairman’s Office / Operations
Fellows / Associates
Royal Fellow
Distinguished Fellows
Visiting Fellows
Associate Researchers
Networks
Asean-Institutes of Strategic and International Studies (Asean-ISIS)
Council of Security and Cooperation in Asia and the Pacific (CSCAP)
Pacific Economic Cooperation Council (PECC)
Network of East Asian Think-Tanks (NEAT)
Research Institute Network (RIN)
Publications
General
Policy Briefs
ISIS Focus
THOC Essays
Books
Speeches
Presentations
Infographics
Reports
Annual Reports
APR Reports
Other Reports
Events
Asia-Pacific Roundtable
37th APR
36th APR
35th APR
34th APR
33rd APR
32nd APR
PRAXIS
PRAXIS 2024
PRAXIS 2023
PRAXIS 2022
PRAXIS 2021
PRAXIS 2019
PRAXIS 2018
Others
Forums
Visits
Multimedia
Collections
Videos
Podcasts
PMD
News Archive
ISIS
Home  Topics  Foreign Policy and Security Studies  Malaysia eyes strengthened South China Sea defence with new naval base in...
Foreign Policy and Security Studies
Malaysia eyes strengthened South China Sea defence with new naval base in Borneo
by Thomas Daniel -
08 October 2024
Related:
China, Diplomacy, Malaysia, navy, South China Sea


Thomas Daniel was quoted in South China Morning Post, 8 October 2024

Set to be operational by 2030, the facility at Bintulu is positioned less than 150km from the disputed Luconia Shoals, also claimed by China

By Hadi Azmi

A new naval base in Borneo will play a vital role in Malaysia’s ability to address growing threats in the contested South China Sea, experts say – despite the challenges posed by its ageing fleet.

The base in Bintulu, Sarawak will be strategically located just 80 nautical miles (148km) from the South Luconia Shoals – known as Beting Patinggi Ali to Malaysia. This area is claimed by Beijing as its southernmost territory but lies within Malaysia’s 200 nautical-mile exclusive economic zone.

In recent months, China has become increasingly aggressive in asserting its South China Sea claims, which overlap with those of Malaysia, Brunei, the Philippines and Vietnam.

Malaysia’s maritime defence, however, is hampered by a fleet that is largely past its prime. Half of the country’s 49 ships are operating beyond their serviceable lifespan, an issue that has been compounded by delays in the deliveries of new vessels.

In June, Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim acknowledged that Malaysia struggles to effectively monitor its extensive maritime domain, after US allegations that the Southeast Asian nation had become a hub for sanction-busting Iranian oil shipments to China.

The new base at Bintulu would be important in boosting Malaysia’s naval capabilities, Thomas Daniel, a foreign policy and security specialist from the Institute Of Strategic and International Studies Malaysia research institute, told This Week in Asia.

“It is not just about the number of ships or … the huge operational strain on existing ships,” he said.

“Having more optimal basing facilities that reduce response times to key maritime zones is important both operationally and policy-wise.”

Malaysia’s navy currently operates from Sepanggar in Sabah, more than 215 nautical miles (398km) northeast of South Luconia Shoals.

Announced in November, the Bintulu base was selected for its strategic proximity to both the shoals and the Kasawari Gas Field. Defence Minister Mohamad Hasan stressed its significance, saying it would be “crucial to strengthen our country’s waters”.

“The growth of the country’s defence capabilities in northern Sarawak shows the government’s commitment to ensuring that the country’s coastal areas, waters, borders and airspace are always in a state of readiness,” he said at the time.

The naval facility, along with an accompanying air force base, is expected to be operational by 2030.

South China Sea tensions escalated on Friday, when Vietnam formally accused Chinese law enforcement personnel of assaulting 10 Vietnamese fishermen and seizing their catch near the contested Paracel Islands.

Meanwhile, fishermen near the Scarborough Shoal, close to the Philippines, have reported being “completely surrounded” by Chinese coastguard and militia vessels despite China’s annual four-month fishing moratorium coming to an end.

US experts have urged Malaysia to adopt a more assertive stance in defending its maritime rights, even as its trade ties with China become increasingly vital.

“Accommodating China is basically paying later with extra penalties, and frequently the penalty will come in the form of blood, sweat and tears,” warned Toshi Yoshihara, a senior fellow at the Washington-based Centre for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments think tank, who writes extensively on China’s military and maritime policy.

He said in June that these costs could manifest as economic repercussions, loss of territorial integrity, and heightened regional instability – all undermining Malaysia’s national interests and security.

Security specialist Thomas said that while “almost anything that a Southeast Asian claimant state does” could provoke a reaction from China, it would be a mistake for Malaysia to let this dictate its core interests in the South China Sea.

“If anything, having facilities that improve our response and patrol duration complements Malaysia’s long-standing approach of not stirring the pot in public but having firm positions on our core interests,” he said.

This article first published in South China Morning Post, 8 October 2024

ShareFacebookTwitterEmail
Expert
Thomas Daniel
Thomas is a senior fellow in the Foreign Policy and Security Studies programme. His interests lie in the strategic-security challenges of Southeast Asia, including the impacts of major power dynamics on ASEAN. He looks mainly at the South China Sea dispute, political-security cohesion within ASEAN and Malaysia’s security and foreign policies. Thomas also focuses on government policies towards refugees, asylum seekers and other displaced people in Malaysia, as well as the impacts of the crisis in Myanmar on the region. He is a member of the Malaysia Study Group on Myanmar, convened by Universiti Malaya. He comments on these issues in local, regional and international forums and media. Thomas holds an MA (International Studies) from the University of Nottingham (Malaysia), a BA in Communication and Media Management, and a BA (hons) in Communication, Media & Culture from the University of South Australia.
By: Thomas Daniel
Related
BFM podcast – Will the South China Sea fracture ASEAN unity?
12 October 2024
Top 5 at 5: of MOUs and equal constituency allocations
23 September 2024
What does Anwar Ibrahim stand for? Malaysia’s PM on his balancing act at home and abroad
Malaysia as 2025 Asean chair: a test of diplomacy, regional cohesion – and its China ties
03 September 2024
Premier Li Qiang’s visit has Malaysia wanting more from China pivot
21 June 2024
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER

To be updated with all the latest news, offers and special announcements.

 

ISIS Malaysia engages actively in Track Two diplomacy, and promotes the exchange of views and opinions at both the national and international levels.
Contact us: info@isis.org.my
     
© Copyright 2024. ISIS Malaysia (99856-H) All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.isis.org.my/2024/10/08/malaysia-eyes-strengthened-south-china-sea-defence-with-new-naval-base-in-borneo/ 
 ----- 
