Arab News Thursday .  January 02, 2025
Search
 
     
LATEST NEWS
Business & Economy
Middle-East
Saudi Arabia
Saudi Football
Bashar Assad poisoned in Moscow: Report
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
Saudi Arabia, Palestine draw 0-0 ahead of Asian Cup
Saudi Arabia, Palestine draw 0-0 ahead of Asian Cup
The Saudi Arabian national football team drew 0-0 with Palestine in their friendly match on Tuesday at Al-Wakra Club Stadium in Doha. (Supplied)
Short Url

https://arab.news/4kdmm

Head coach Roberto Mancini makes 7 changes during the second half
Green Falcons conclude their friendlies against Hong Kong on Wednesday
Updated 11 January 2024
ARAB NEWS
January 09, 2024 23:25
1499
     
 Follow

DOHA: The Saudi Arabian national football team drew 0-0 with Palestine in their friendly match on Tuesday at Al-Wakra Club Stadium in Doha.
The match formed part of the final stage of the Kingdom team’s preparatory program for the 2023 Asian Cup, which starts in Qatar on Friday.
Head coach Roberto Mancini made seven changes to his starting lineup in the second half.
Saudi winger Salem Al-Dawsari was shown a red card in the 52nd minute of the clash which followed hot on the heels of the Green Falcons’ 1-0 win against Lebanon at the same stadium last week.
The Saudi side conclude their series of friendlies against Hong Kong on Wednesday night at the Al-Wakra Club Stadium.
Saudi Arabia are in Group F for the Asian Cup alongside Thailand, Kyrgyzstan, and Oman, and begin their campaign against the Omanis on Jan. 16.

       Follow
Topics: SAUDI ARABIAN NATIONAL FOOTBALL TEAM PALESTINE ASIAN CUP 2023
You May Also Like
Unsold eco friendly homes in Taipei (Take a look at the prices)
Eco Homes | Search Ad
Saudi Arabia executes 6 Iranians for drug trafficking
arabnews
The World’s Most Stunning Blue Flag Beaches Ranked: Top 20 List
zenlifemag
Israel’s former defense chief Galla nt quits politics
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 792
PHOTOS
Green Falcons train in Doha ahead of AFC Asian Cup 2023
 749
Green Falcons train in Al-Ahsa ahead of Jordan World Cup qualifier
Al-Ittihad back on top as club mark 97 years of glory
Saudi Arabia’s oldest club head the Saudi Pro League table as they celebrate 97th birthday
Updated 02 January 2025
ALI KHALED AND JOHN DUERDEN
January 02, 2025 15:30
109
     

DUBAI/LONDON: It is fitting that as Al-Ittihad celebrate their 97th anniversary this month, the Jeddah giants are sitting on top of the Saudi Pro League.

The past is impressive. The club was founded on Jan. 4, 1927, and is one of the oldest in Asia. Not only that, but Al-Ittihad are set to join the Club of Pioneers, a global network of historic teams headed by Sheffield FC, the oldest football club in the world that was set up in 1857.

“We are very proud to be the first Arabic country to join the Club of Pioneers on our 97th year anniversary and celebrating our great achievements as the first Saudi Football club. And we look forward to our 100 years and beyond,” Dania Al-Maeena, CEO of Al-Ittihad’s nonprofit organization, told Arab News.

Now they join the likes of Wrexham of Wales, Genoa of Italy and Royal Antwerp of Belgium to become the 32nd member.

The first silverware came all the way back in 1958 with the King’s Cup and Crown Prince’s Cup, starting to fill a trophy cabinet that has become much more packed over the decades.

Fans had to wait until 1982 to celebrate a league championship. Eight more have followed. The most recent came in 2023 when Al-Ittihad were very impressive on their way to lift the title once more and for the first time since 2009.

Any club with such domestic success want to challenge internationally, and the team in yellow and black have done just that. In 1999, fans celebrated the Asian Cup Winners Cup. The big prize, however, was always the AFC Champions League and in that competition, Ittihad have made history.

In 2004, the Red Sea club lost the first leg of the final at home, 3-1 to South Korea’s Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma. Heading into the return game, nobody gave the Saudi Arabians a chance. Yet, in perhaps the most stunning result in the history of Asian club football, Al-Ittihad shocked an expectant home crowd and the continent, by winning 5-0 to take the trophy.

If that was impressive, then so was the following year, as the club were head and shoulders above the rest. In those days, the defending champions joined the competition at the quarterfinal stage.

There was an 8-3 aggregate win over China’s Shandong Luneng and then a 7-0 thrashing of South Korea’s Busan I’Park in the semifinal. The final against 2003 champions Al-Ain of the UAE was a tougher task, but it ended in a 5-3 win over two legs. No team had previously successfully defended the Asian Champions League title.

At the time, the rest of the continent feared a dynasty being established. That did not happen but Al-Ittihad are one of Asia’s biggest and most popular clubs. Joining 50,000 fans at the King Abdullah Sports City is an unforgettable football experience.

None of this is to say that the best days are in the past. As the club enter their 97th year in existence, they are in a very healthy state indeed.

In 2023, the club ended a 14-year wait for a Saudi Pro League title, and though last season did not see a repeat performance, French coach Laurent Blanc has settled extremely well since joining in July.

He has stars including Karim Benzema, N’Golo Kante, Fabinho and Moussa Diaby at his disposal. There is also impressive domestic talent in the form of Saleh Al-Shehri, Abdulelah Al-Amri, Hassan Kadesh and many others.

The future is looking bright. After ending 2024 with nine successive league wins, they are two points clear at the top of the Saudi Pro League. There is still a long way to go but Al-Ittihad are fit for the journey.

       Follow
Topics: AL-ITTIHAD
You May Also Like
Explore the Top 20 Cleanest and Safest Blue Flag Beaches Worldwi de
zenlifemag
Mother’s fight for education breaks disability stigma in rural Bangladesh
arabnews
The 10 Best Laser Cutting Machin es 2024 - See Cost
Laser Cutting Machines
Bangladesh court again rejects bail for Hindu leader who led ralli es
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 68
Al-Ittihad celebrates induction into Club of Pioneers
 254
Al-Ittihad down Al-Nassr at the death to stay top of SPL table
37th Italian Super Cup kicks off in Riyadh
Serie A champions Inter Milan take on Atalanta and AC Milan tackle Juventus in bid to make Sunday’s final
Updated 02 January 2025
KHALED ALARAFAH
January 02, 2025 09:45
139
     

RIYADH: The 37th edition of the Italian Super Cup kicks off here today with Serie A champions Inter Milan taking on Atalanta, the Coppa Italia runner-up.

Hosted by Saudi Arabia for the fifth time, the tournament takes place at Al-Awwal Park Stadium until Jan. 6. The Ministry of Sports is the organizer of the event.

AC Milan, second in the Serie A last year, take on Juventus, the Coppa Italia champions on Friday, with the final on Sunday.

The event aligns with Saudi Arabia’s Quality of Life program and the country’s plan to continue hosting major global sporting events.

It reflects the Ministry of Sports’ commitment to achieving the objectives of Saudi Vision 2030.

       Follow
Topics: ITALIAN SUPER CUP
RELATED
 297
Monika Staab steps down as technical director of women’s football in Saudi Arabia
 267
Saudi Arabia hosts Italy’s football giants for Italian Super Cup
Saudi Arabia hosts Italy’s football giants for Italian Super Cup
Inter Milan, AC Milan, Juventus and Atalanta prepare to battle it out in Riyadh
Updated 01 January 2025
ARAB NEWS
January 01, 2025 18:39
267
     

RIYADH: The Italian Super Cup hosted by Saudi Arabia gets underway on Thursday with giants Inter Milan, AC Milan, Juventus and Atalanta preparing to battle it out for the silverware.

The four-team knock-out tournament will take place at Al-Awwal Park Stadium in Riyadh.

Serie A champions Inter Milan will play the first semifinal against the Italian Cup runners-up Atalanta on Thursday. 

AC Milan, who finished second in Serie A last season, on Friday will play the second semifinal against Juventus, the Italian Cup winners.

The final will take place on Sunday, Jan. 6.

It will be the fifth time that Saudi Arabia has hosted the Italian Super Cup.

The event is organized by the Ministry of Sports and is expected to attract local and international attention from fans and media alike.

It is the latest major global sporting event to be hosted by the Kingdom as part of the Ministry of Sports’ commitment to the Saudi Vision 2030 reform program.

 

       Follow
Topics: ITALIAN SUPER CUP
RELATED
 100
‘Riyadh feels like home for Inter’, says Henrikh Mkhitaryan before Italian Super Cup start
 316
Inter boss Inzaghi praises ‘leader’ Martinez after Italian Super Cup win  
Disappointing year ends with dismal defeat for Saudi Arabia
Mohamed Kanno scored a goal back in the 87th minute. (@SaudiNT_EN)
Oman go on to face either Bahrain or Kuwait in the final
Updated 31 December 2024
JOHN DUERDEN
December 31, 2024 21:32
854
     

RIYADH: New Year’s Eve 2024 saw Saudi Arabia lose 2-1 to Oman to crash out of the Arabian Gulf Cup at the semifinal stage and end a below-par 2024 on a low note.

With just one win in six 2026 World Cup qualifiers that resume in March, coach Herve Renard hoped to kick-start the national team’s fortunes with success in the Gulf Cup, currently being held in Kuwait.

The Frenchman’s desire was dashed despite Oman playing the majority of the game with ten men as Rabia Al-Alawi was shown a straight red in the 34th minute for a wild lunge on Salem Al-Dawsari. As the Al-Nahda star left the pitch in the Kuwait City stadium, Saudi Arabian fans were expecting a comfortable win but despite the possession and chances, the Green Falcons were unable to take advantage of their one-man advantage.

Oman redoubled their efforts to deny their opponents time and space but Saudi Arabia, seeking a first Gulf Cup win since 2004, had the ball in the net midway through the second half. Abdullah Al-Hamdan had scored twice against Iraq three days earlier, but his close-range effort was ruled out for offside.  

It was Oman who took the lead in the 74th minute as Arshad Al-Alawi fired home a free-kick from outside the area, squeezing his shot under the Saudi wall.

Herve Renard’s men pushed forward in search of an equalizer but found themselves two goals down with five minutes remaining after Ali Al-Busaidi scored again for Oman.

It looked to be game over but Mohamed Kanno pulled a goal back in the 87th minute to cut short the Omani celebrations and give Saudi Arabian fans hope. The Al-Hilal midfielder curled home a beauty from outside the area.

It was too little too late, however. In the 10th minute of added time, Abdulelah Hawsawi was sent off to level the number of players on both sides but despite the pressure, the men from Riyadh were unable to level the scores and now have to return home with much to ponder.

Oman, meanwhile, go on to face either Bahrain or Kuwait in the final.

       Follow
Topics: SAUDI ARABIA OMAN ARABIAN GULF CUP
RELATED
UPDATE
 2269
Saudi Arabia defeat Iraq to advance to Gulf Cup last four
 271
Saudi striker Saleh Al-Shehri out of remainder of Gulf Cup after injury in first match
Saudi Arabia defeat Iraq to advance to Gulf Cup last four
Kingdom into the last 4 of competition
Updated 28 December 2024
JOHN DUERDEN
December 28, 2024 19:42
2269
     

KUWAIT CITY: Saudi Arabia defeated Iraq 3-1 on Saturday to finish top of Group B in the Arabian Gulf Cup and book their place in the last four of the Kuwait tournament.

Needing just a point to progress, two late goals from substitute Abdullah Al-Hamdan, following an earlier strike from his Al-Hilal colleague Salem Al-Dawsari, produced victory and meant that the Green Falcons stayed on course for a first regional title since 2004.

Both teams had chances in the first half, but 10 minutes into the second, Herve Renard’s men — who lost the opening game against Bahrain — got the breakthrough they had been looking for. Ibrahim Bayesh was judged by VAR to have handled in the area to give Saudi Arabia a penalty.

Al-Dawsari had missed his last two spot kicks for the national team, but the 2022 Asian player of the year showed few signs of nerves as he stroked the ball home to give his team a vital lead.

However, after 64 minutes Iraq were level. Mohanad Ali turned Ali Al-Bulaihi inside the area to shoot home inside the near post to give the holders real hope.

There were plenty of nerves among the Kingdom’s fans but the team restored their lead with nine minutes remaining following a delightful strike. Sultan Al-Ghannam pulled the ball back from the right side of the area for Al-Hamdan to take a touch and curl the ball into the top corner of the Iraqi net.

Five minutes later and it was all over. Al-Dawsari skipped clear of challenges in the Iraqi half to feed Al-Hamdan on the left corner of the area and the forward rolled the ball into the opposite side of the net with a precise low shot.

The result meant Saudi Arabia finished top of the group with six points, above Bahrain who lost 2-1 to bottom team Yemen.

The Green Falcons take on hosts Kuwait in the semifinals on Tuesday, while Bahrain meet Group A winners Oman.

       Follow
Topics: FOOTBALL SOCCER SAUDI ARABIA IRAQ 26TH GULF CUP ARABIAN GULF CUP
RELATED
 263
Hosts Kuwait held by Qatar, Oman and UAE play out draw in Arabian Gulf Cup
 720
Saudi Arabia leave it late to down Yemen in Gulf Cup
Latest Updates
Bashar Assad poisoned in Moscow: Report
 190
Saudi Arabia closes $2.5 billion Shariah-compliant credit facility for budget financing
 29
Ministry of Culture launches crafts hackathon as part of Year of Handicrafts
 34
Closing Bell: Saudi Arabia’s TASI closes in green at 12,103
 33
Sri Lanka launches nationwide program to become ‘cleanest country in Asia’
 75
Recommended
MIDDLE-EAST
How two civilian deaths highlighted the tragic toll of Middle East conflict
 652
WORLD
How questions of sovereignty and security are fueling instability in the Sahel
 536
SAUDI ARABIA
2024 Year in Review: The events that testified to Saudi Arabia’s transformation
 1190
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.com/node/2438916/saudi-football 
 ----- 
