Arab News Thursday .  January 02, 2025
Search
 
     
LATEST NEWS
Saudi Arabia
Middle-East
Saudi Football
Business & Economy
Bashar Assad poisoned in Moscow: Report
Saudi Arabia closes $2.5 billion Shariah-compliant credit facility for budget financing
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
Israeli army shows underground ‘weapons factory’ in Gaza
Israeli army shows underground ‘weapons factory’ in Gaza
Israeli soldiers inspect what the Israeli army said is a steel factory where rockets and other ammunition was produced, as they operate, amid the ongoing conflict between Israel and the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas, in Gaza, January 8, 2024. (Reuters)
Short Url

https://arab.news/48rua

Israeli bulldozers crashed through a wrecked landscape, churning up tracts of dirt between badly damaged buildings as they tried to flatten the land and secure the area
Updated 09 January 2024
AFP
January 09, 2024 00:29
1814
     
 Follow

BUREIJ, Palestinian Territories: Israel’s military on Monday showed journalists what a spokesman described as a cluster of weapons factories and tunnels used by Hamas militants in Gaza to manufacture rockets.
Soldiers leading a media tour in Bureij in the central Gaza Strip said that what looked like cement factories and other industrial facilities were in fact used to make missiles and shells stored in deep shafts.
Stood in a large hut with sunshine streaking through the gaps in the wall, army spokesman Daniel Hagari held what he said were detonators for rockets capable of hitting targets 100 kilometers (62 miles) away — a range covering much of central and southern Israel.
He told reporters at the site that this factory had been built around Salah Al-Din Road, a major north-south route also used to transport humanitarian aid into the besieged territory.
The army said in a statement issued later that it was “the largest weapons production site found since the beginning of the war.”
Some of the shafts were 30 meters (100 feet) deep and the tunnels formed a network that connected to Hamas fighters throughout Gaza, the statement said.
Hagari told a press briefing that Israeli troops “found, dismantled and are now destroying these facilities.”
Bureij, just south of Gaza city, was home to tens of thousands of people before the Israel-Hamas war began in early October, according to data from the UN agency for Palestinian refugees, UNRWA.
But many have fled the violence, and the areas shown to journalists during the army tour looked abandoned with no Palestinians in sight.
Israeli bulldozers crashed through a wrecked landscape, churning up tracts of dirt between badly damaged buildings as they tried to flatten the land and secure the area.
Hagari said on Saturday that Israeli forces had wiped out the Hamas military framework in northern Gaza and had moved to central and southern areas.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has insisted that the war cannot end until Hamas militants no longer pose a threat to his country, while the United Nations has warned that the fighting risks rendering the territory uninhabitable.
The war was triggered when Hamas fighters attacked southern Israel on October 7, resulting in about 1,140 deaths, mostly civilians, according to an AFP tally based on official Israeli figures.
The militants also took around 250 hostages, 132 of whom remain captive, Israel says. At least 25 are believed to have been killed.
Israel has responded with relentless bombardment and a ground invasion that have killed at least 23,084 people, most of them women and children, according to the Gaza health ministry.

       Follow
Topics: WAR ON GAZA ISRAELI ARMY GAZA
You May Also Like
Unsold eco friendly homes in Taipei (Take a look at the prices)
Eco Homes | Search Ad
Learn More
Saudi Arabia executes 6 Iranians for drug trafficking
arabnews
The World’s Most Stunning Blue Flag Beaches Ranked: Top 20 List
zenlifemag
Learn More
Israel’s former defense chief Galla nt quits politics
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
SPECIAL
 1574
Why Israel seems willing to defy the UN on demands to allow more aid into Gaza
 541
Young Palestinian girl killed when Israeli police fire at suspected attackers in West Bank unrest
Bashar Assad poisoned in Moscow: Report
Ousted Syrian dictator requested medical help then began to ‘cough violently and choke’
‘There is every reason to believe an assassination attempt was made’
Updated 6 sec ago
ARAB NEWS
January 02, 2025 18:43
190
     

LONDON: An assassination attempt by poisoning has been made on former Syrian dictator Bashar Assad, The Sun reported.

The ousted leader reportedly fell ill on Sunday in Moscow, where he has resided since fleeing Syria in early December.

Assad, 59, requested medical help then began to “cough violently and choke,” according to online account General SVR, which is believed to be run by a former top spy in Russia.

“There is every reason to believe an assassination attempt was made,” it added.

Assad was treated in his apartment, and his condition is said to have stabilized by Monday. He was confirmed to have been poisoned by medical testing, the account said, without citing direct sources.

There has been no confirmation of the event from the Russian government.

       Follow
Topics: FALL OF ASSAD SYRIA RUSSIA BASHAR ASSAD
You May Also Like
Explore the Top 20 Cleanest and Safest Blue Flag Beaches Worldwi de
zenlifemag
Learn More
Mother’s fight for education breaks disability stigma in rural Bangladesh
arabnews
The 10 Best Laser Cutting Machin es 2024 - See Cost
Laser Cutting Machines
Search Now
Bangladesh court again rejects bail for Hindu leader who led ralli es
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 259
New year hope reigns in a Damascus freed from Assad
 406
In Syrian military housing, new rulers take the homes of Assad officers
Gaza’s Islamic Jihad says Israeli hostage tried to take own life
One of the group’s medical teams intervened and prevented him from dying
Updated 02 January 2025
REUTERS
January 02, 2025 11:08
215
     

DUBAI: An Israeli hostage held by Gaza’s Islamic Jihad militant group has tried to take his own life, the spokesperson for the movement’s armed wing said in a video posted on Telegram on Thursday.
One of the group’s medical teams intervened and prevented him from dying, the Al Quds Brigades spokesperson added, without going into any more detail on the hostage’s identity or current condition.
Israeli authorities did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Militants led by Gaza’s ruling Hamas movement killed 1,200 people and took 251 others hostage in an attack in southern Israel on Oct. 7, 2023, according to Israeli tallies. Hamas ally Islamic Jihad also took part in the assault.
The military campaign that Israel launched in response has killed more than 45,500 Palestinians, according to health officials in the coastal enclave.
Islamic Jihad spokesman Abu Hamza said the hostage had tried to take his own life three days ago due to his psychological state, without going into more details.
Abu Hamza accused Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s government of setting new conditions that had led to “the failure and delay” of negotiations for the hostage’s release.
The man had been scheduled to be released with other hostages under the conditions of the first stage of an exchange deal with Israel, Abu Hamza said. He did not specify when the man had been scheduled to be released or under which deal.
Arab mediators’ efforts, backed by the United States, have so far failed to conclude a ceasefire in Gaza, under a possible deal that would also see the release of Israeli hostages in return for the freedom of Palestinians in Israeli prisons.
Islamic Jihad’s armed wing had issued a decision to tighten the security and safety measures for the hostages, Abu Hamza added.
In July, Islamic Jihad’s armed wing said some Israeli hostages had tried to kill themselves after it started treating them in what it said was the same way that Israel treated Palestinian prisoners.
“We will keep treating Israeli hostages the same way Israel treats our prisoners,” Abu Hamza said at that time. Israel has dismissed accusations that it mistreats Palestinian prisoners.

       Follow
Topics: WAR ON GAZA
Israeli airstrikes kill at least 37 across Gaza, medics say
Updated 02 January 2025
AGENCIES
January 02, 2025 14:26
154
     

CAIRO: Israeli airstrikes killed at least 37 Palestinians across the Gaza Strip on Thursday, including 11 people in a tent encampment sheltering displaced families, medics said.
They said the 11 included women and children in the Al-Mawasi district, which was designated as a humanitarian zone for civilians earlier in the war between Israel and Gaza’s ruling Hamas militant group, now in its 15th month. The director general of Gaza’s police department, Mahmoud Salah, and his aide, Hussam Shahwan, were killed in the strike, according to the Hamas-run Gaza interior ministry.
“By committing the crime of assassinating the director general of police in the Gaza Strip, the occupation is insisting on spreading chaos in the (enclave) and deepening the human suffering of citizens,” it added in a statement.
The Israeli military said it had conducted an intelligence-based strike in Al-Mawasi, just west of the city of Khan Younis, and eliminated Shahwan, calling him the head of Hamas security forces in southern Gaza. It made no mention of Salah’s death.
Other Israeli airstrikes killed at least 26 Palestinians, including six in the interior ministry headquarters in Khan Younis and others in north Gaza’s Jabalia refugee camp, the Shati (Beach) camp and central Gaza’s Maghazi camp.
Israel’s military said it had targeted Hamas militants who intelligence indicated were operating in a command and control center “embedded inside the Khan Younis municipality building in the Humanitarian Area.”
Asked about the reported 37 deaths, a spokesperson for the Israeli military said it followed international law in waging the war in Gaza and that it took “feasible precautions to mitigate civilian harm.”
The military has accused Gaza militants of using built-up residential areas for cover. Hamas denies this.
Hamas’ smaller ally Islamic Jihad said it fired rockets into the southern Israeli kibbutz of Holit near Gaza on Thursday. The Israeli military said it intercepted one projectile in the area that had crossed from southern Gaza. Israel has killed more than 45,500 Palestinians in the war, according to Gaza’s health ministry. Most of Gaza’s 2.3 million people have been displaced and much of the tiny, heavily built-up coastal territory is in ruins. The war was triggered by Hamas’ Oct. 7, 2023 cross-border attack on southern Israel in which 1,200 people were killed and another 251 taken hostage to Gaza, according to Israeli tallies. 

       Follow
Topics: WAR ON GAZA
RELATED
 215
Gaza’s Islamic Jihad says Israeli hostage tried to take own life
 420
Tens of thousands of people in Istanbul protest Gaza war
27 migrants die off Tunisia, 83 rescued, in shipwrecks: civil defence
Updated 02 January 2025
AFP
January 02, 2025 14:09
148
     

TUNIS:  Twenty-seven migrants, including women and children, died after two boats capsized off central Tunisia, with 83 people rescued, a civil defense official told AFP on Thursday.
The rescued and dead passengers, who were found off the Kerkennah Islands off central Tunisia, were aiming to reach Europe and were all from sub-Saharan African countries, said Zied Sdiri, head of civil defense in the city of Sfax.
Searches were still underway for other possible missing passengers, according to the Tunisian National Guard, which oversees the coast guard.
Tunisia is a key departure point for irregular migrants seeking to reach Europe with Italy, whose island of Lampedusa is only 150 kilometers (90 miles) from Tunisia, often their first port of call.
Each year, tens of thousands of people attempt the perilous Mediterranean crossing, which has seen a spate of recent shipwrecks, with the dangers exacerbated by bad weather.
On December 18, at least 20 migrants from sub-Saharan Africa died in a shipwreck off the city of Sfax, with five others missing.
Earlier on December 12, the coast guard rescued 27 African migrants near Jebeniana, north of Sfax, but 15 were reported dead or missing.
Since the beginning of the year, the Tunisian human rights group FTDES has counted “between 600 and 700” migrants killed or missing in shipwrecks off Tunisia. More than 1,300 migrants died or disappeared in 2023.
kl/bou/dcp

       Follow
Syria forces launch security sweep in Homs city: state media
Syrian security forces are conducting a security sweep in the city of Homs, state media reported on Thursday
Updated 02 January 2025
AFP
January 02, 2025 08:00
414
     

DAMASCUS: Syrian security forces are conducting a security sweep in the city of Homs, state media reported on Thursday, with a monitor saying targets include protest organizers from the Alawite minority of the former president.
“The Ministry of Interior, in cooperation with the Military Operations Department, begins a wide-scale combing operation in the neighborhoods of Homs city,” state news agency SANA said quoting a security official.
The statement said the targets were “war criminals and those involved in crimes who refused to hand over their weapons and go to the settlement centers” but also “fugitives from justice, in addition to hidden ammunition and weapons.”
Since Islamist-led rebels seized power in a lightning offensive last month, the transitional government has been registering former conscripts and soldiers and asking them to hand over their weapons.
“The Ministry of Interior calls on the residents of the neighborhoods of Wadi Al-Dhahab, Akrama not to go out to the streets, remain home, and fully cooperate with our forces,” the statement said.
Rami Abdel Rahman, who heads the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights war monitor, told AFP the two districts are majority-Alawite — the community from which ousted President Bashar Assad hails.
“The ongoing campaign aims to search for former Shabiha and those who organized or participated in the Alawite demonstrations last week, which the administration considered as incitement against” its authority, he said.
Shabiha were notorious pro-government militias tasked with helping to crush dissent under Assad.
On December 25, thousands protested in several areas of Syria after a video circulated showing an attack on an Alawite shrine in the country’s north.
AFP was unable to independently verify the footage or the date of the incident but the interior ministry said the video was “old and dates to the time of the liberation” of Aleppo in December.
Since seizing power, Syria’s new leadership has repeatedly tried to reassure minorities that they will not be harmed.
Alawites fear backlash against their community both as a religious minority and because of its long association with the Assad family.
Last week, security forces launched an operation against pro-Assad fighters in the western province of Tartus, in the Alawite heartland, state media had said, a day after 14 security personnel of the new authorities and three gunmen were killed in clashes there.

       Follow
Topics: FALL OF ASSAD
RELATED
 139
VIDEO
Saudi Arabia launches air bridge to deliver urgent aid to Syria
 301
11 years on, Syria protesters demand answers on abducted activists
Latest Updates
Bashar Assad poisoned in Moscow: Report
 190
Saudi Arabia closes $2.5 billion Shariah-compliant credit facility for budget financing
 29
Ministry of Culture launches crafts hackathon as part of Year of Handicrafts
 34
Closing Bell: Saudi Arabia’s TASI closes in green at 12,103
 33
Sri Lanka launches nationwide program to become ‘cleanest country in Asia’
 75
Recommended
MIDDLE-EAST
How two civilian deaths highlighted the tragic toll of Middle East conflict
 652
WORLD
How questions of sovereignty and security are fueling instability in the Sahel
 536
SAUDI ARABIA
2024 Year in Review: The events that testified to Saudi Arabia’s transformation
 1190
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.com/node/2438341/middle-east 
 ----- 
