SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
CAN 2024
CAN 2024
Ghana, Egypt Neutralize Each Other in 2-2 Draw

Touted as the two teams that would comfortably top their easy-looking Group B, the underwhelming Egyptian and Ghanaian teams must now win their final group games to qualify.

Safaa KasraouiJan. 18, 2024 10:03 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Egypt and Ghana during matchday 2 of AFCON

Rabat - The much-hyped group clash between the Mohammed Kudus-led Ghana and the Mohamed Salah-led Egypt lived up to the pre-match fuss with a 2-2 draw that complicated round of 16 qualification for both teams. 

While much of the game looked tepid without exciting moments or scoring opportunities between two teams that respected one another, the two continental giants did seem to play with energy and determination put to rest lingering doubts from their respective failed opening games.

Touted to be the two leaders of their group, Egypt’s Pharaohs and Ghana’s Black Stars came into tonight’s game needing to avoid a defeat that would make matters complicated for their legitimate aspirations of reaching the knockout stages. 

But this defining clash between Group B’s most highly ranked teams soon turned into a nightmare for Egypt as they lost their Liverpool talisman and captain Mohamed Salah to injury at the 45th minute. Soon after, Kudus compounded the misery of a Salah-less Egyptian side by dancing through their defense to score the evening’s first goal.  

As the first half ended with Ghana leading 1-0 and Egypt playing without its word-class captain, it was tempting to expect the Black Stars to grow more dominant into the game and eventually succeed in their pre-match objective of making up for their shock 2-1 defeat to Cape Verde in the first match. 

But Egypt soon regained their composure and technical prowess as they entered the second half with the thought.

Now playing with more conviction and confidence, Egypt managed to score a 69th minute equalizer courtesy of the impressive Omar Marmoush.

But the in-form and constantly dangerous Kudus restored Ghana’s lead two minutes later with another powerful shot that took a slight deflection as it flew past the Egyptian goalkeeper, Mohamed El Shenawy.

Refusing to be defeated, however, Egypt held Ghana to a draw once again with striker Mostafa Mohamed scoring an equalizer.

Read also: Morocco’s Atlas Lions Beat Tanzania 3-0, Secures 1st Win at AFCON

In their first game, Egypt was held to a 2-2 draw by Mozambique. The hard-charging Mozambican team actually came dangerously close to defeating the seven-time African champions, but Mohamed Salah’s last-minute spot kick salvaged a crucial one point for the AFCON’s most successful national team. 

The Black Stars of Ghana, who are now on a dipsiting run of six AFCON games without a win, look in trouble in a shockingly tough Group B. With only 1 point collected out of six possible, Ghana will now have to muster a statement victory in their final group match against Mozambique to hope to qualify to the round of 16 stages.

Similarly, having underperformed and even disappointed by collecting only two points in two games, Egypt will go into their final game needing a victory to qualify to the next round. 

This means both Egypt and Ghana will be keenly watching tomorrow’s clash between Cape Verde and Mozambique while hoping for a result that can be good for their respective qualification chances. 

Yet whatever happens tomorrow between those two teams, the final group games will not be the expected walk in the park for the teammates of Salah and Kudus.

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.Moroccan cuisine

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in February
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Iconic Egyptian Shaabi Singer Ahmed Adaweyah Dies at 79
Shark Attack Kills Italian Tourist in Egypt’s Red Sea
Egyptian Billionaire Samih Sawiris Takes Over $400 Million Tourism Project in Morocco
Egypt Joins Morocco and Algeria in Race for AU Commission Deputy Chair
CAF: ‘Morocco is Set to Raise the Bar for African Football’
Morocco U20 Nears AFCON Qualification After 1-1 Draw with Algeria
When, How to Watch Senegal vs Burundi AFCON Qualifier
Kenya vs Namibia: Preview, Predictions for Dead Rubber Face Off
Recent
Popular
Comments
Cigarette Prices Will Increase In 2025 Due To New Tax Reform

Royal Air Maroc To Launch Rabat-Dakhla Direct Flight

Morocco Records 78,244 New Businesses In First 10 Months Of 2024

IFFhS Names Soufiane Rahimi World’s Best Goalscorer In 2024

Report Shows Increase In Suicide Cases Among IOF Since October 2023

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco’s Futsal Team Secures Semi-Final Spot In 2024 AFCON

Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy In Morocco

Regragui-Mbemba Clash: Bounou Says DR Congo Captain Was Provocative, Disrespectful

Walid Regragui’s Post-CAN Exit Media Appearance Disappoints Fans

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360226/ghana-egypt-neutralize-each-other-in-2-2-draw 
 ----- 
