MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Evan Mobley scores 34 as Cavaliers beat short-handed Mavericks 134-122, run win streak to 9 games
Updated Jan. 3, 2025 11:29 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

DALLAS (AP) — Evan Mobley had 34 points and 10 rebounds as the Cleveland Cavaliers ran their winning streak to nine games by beating the short-handed Dallas Mavericks 134-122 on Friday night.

The NBA-leading Cavs improved to 30-4, swept a four-game Western Conference road trip and are now 10-0 against the West. All nine wins in the streak have been by double digits.

The Mavericks played without both of their All-Star guards, Luka Doncic and Kyrie Irving. Irving missed the game because of illness while Doncic has been sidelined since suffering a calf strain during the Mavericks’ Christmas Day loss to Minnesota.

Caris LeVert scored 17 off the bench for Cleveland.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Quentin Grimes scored 26 points, 20 in the third period, to lead the Mavericks, who have lost four straight to match a season long losing streak. Jaden Hardy added 17 off the bench and Klay Thompson scored 16, all in the first half.

The Cavaliers used a 20-point run to go from a 21-17 deficit late in the first period to a 37-21 lead early in the second. Their largest lead was 27 points.

Takeaways

Cavaliers: Six players have averaged double figures in scoring this season. They had seven in this game.

Mavericks: The defending West champions went into Christmas Day 4 1/2 games behind first-place Oklahoma City and now trail by 9 1/2.

Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
Deion Sanders: NFL interest would 'only' be to coach sons Shedeur and Shilo
Backtracking a bit on his NFL interest, Colorado HC Deion Sanders said the only way he'd make the jump is to coach both of his sons.
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
Key moment

Back-to-back 3s by Thompson pulled the Mavericks within 64-53 with 44 seconds left in the half. But the Cavaliers closed with five straight points, LeVert getting a friendly bounce on a left-corner 3 with four seconds left, to lead 69-53 at halftime.

Key stat

The Cavaliers outscored the Mavericks 18-0 in first-half turnover points and matched a season low with eight overall, two in the first half.

Up next

The Cavaliers will host the Charlotte Hornets on Sunday night. The Mavericks visit the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans All-Star Brandon Ingram
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans star Zion Williamson
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Cleveland Cavaliers
Evan Mobley
National Basketball Association
Klay Thompson
Caris LeVert
Quentin Grimes
Kyrie Irving
Luka Doncic
Evan Mobley
Dallas Mavericks
Cleveland Cavaliers
NBA - Cleveland Cavaliers vs. Dallas Mavericks - 01/04/2025
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/evan-mobley-scores-34-as-cavaliers-beat-shorthanded-mavericks-134122-run-win-streak-to-9-games 
 ----- 
