Australia v West Indies LIVE: Fraser-McGurk helps Australia beat West Indies in 6.5 overs

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Age
Advertisement
SportCricketODI

This was published 11 months ago

Australia v West Indies LIVE: Fraser-McGurk helps Australia beat West Indies in 6.5 overs
By
Tom Decent
Updated February 6, 2024 — 6.24pmfirst published at 1.59pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
5
COMMENTS

View all comments

Posts area
LATEST

4 of 4

Latest posts
LATEST POSTS
 2.25pm On Feb 6, 2024
Australia set to play 1000th ODI

A momentous occasion for Australia. 1000th ODI fixture.

Here’s how Australia compares to their major rivals in 50-over cricket.

 2.07pm On Feb 6, 2024
Smith, Head in duel to partner Warner at T20 World Cup

Steve Smith will resume his fight for a place in Australia’s Twenty20 World Cup team while Mitchell Marsh is inching closer to captaincy duties for the global tournament in the squad named for the series in New Zealand later this month.

Smith, Travis Head, Mitchell Starc and Test captain Pat Cummins all return to the team for the three-game series that preludes two Tests in Wellington and Christchurch, while serving as a key marker ahead of the World Cup in the Caribbean in mid-year.

Australia T20 squad for New Zealand: Mitchell Marsh (c), Pat Cummins, Tim David, Nathan Ellis, Josh Hazlewood, Travis Head, Josh Inglis, Glenn Maxwell, Matt Short, Steve Smith, Mitchell Starc, Marcus Stoinis, Matthew Wade, David Warner, Adam Zampa.

READ THE FULL STORY FROM DANIEL BRETTIG HERE

Travis Head and Steve Smith.
CREDIT:
GETTY

 2.00pm On Feb 6, 2024
Australia win the toss and elect to bowl

Steve Smith has sent the West Indies into bat in Canberra.

Matt Short (hamstring) and Josh Hazlewood (rested) drop out of the XI. Fast bowlers Xavier Bartlett and Lance Morris come into the side.

Teddy Bishop makes his debut for the Windies, with Justin Greaves dropping out of the team.

Advertisement
 1.49pm On Feb 6, 2024
Game two recap: Abbott drives undermanned Australia to series victory
By
Malcolm Conn

Sean Abbott has rated an imposing performance with bat and ball as his best for Australia, lifting a second-rate Australia to a comprehensive one-day series victory over an unrated West Indies at the SCG on Sunday night.

Abbott’s highest score in one-day cricket, 69 from 63 balls in front of his delighted home crowd of 20,028, allowed Australia to win the second match by 83 runs to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.

He then claimed 3-40 and grabbed two catches, with a recalled Josh Hazlewood taking 4-43 as the West Indies were bowled out for 175 in reply to Australia’s 9-258 from their 50 overs.

“It was a nice night,” said Abbott, “I’m pretty chuffed.” His innings was punctuated with four sixes, the second of which was heaved into the Members Stand over wide long-on and struck a spectator in the head as he attempted a catch.

READ THE FULL MATCH REPORT FROM MALCOLM CONN HERE

Sean Abbott was the star of the show for Australia.
CREDIT:
GETTY

 1.47pm On Feb 6, 2024
Can the West Indies sneak a victory?
 1.46pm On Feb 6, 2024
Hello and welcome

G’day cricket fans.

Welcome to our live coverage of the third and final ODI between Australia and the West Indies in Canberra.

Today’s fixture might be a dead rubber but any cricket is better than no cricket (or so they say).

Play starts at 2.30pm AEDT.

Adam Zampa in action for Australia on Sunday at the SCG. 
CREDIT:
GETTY

LATEST

4 of 4

MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
‘I’ll do everything I can’: Kyrgios speaks out as fresh injury threatens his Australian Open
‘You can’t be serious’: Nine lures McEnroe back for Australian Open
There’s too much ‘big three’ cricket already, say players of the two-tier Tests plan
Hewitt, Tomic bow out of Australian Open qualifying at the first hurdle
OpinionAustralia-India epic delivered the best of Test cricket, but I have some advice for Virat Kohli
‘Bald and old’: World No.33 criticises Djokovic, Murray and Nadal
BACK TO TOP
The Age
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Age
The Sydney Morning Herald
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Celebrations
Place your ad
Commercial Real Estate
THE AGE
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2025

SUBSCRIBE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theage.com.au/sport/cricket/australia-v-west-indies-live-hosts-chase-series-clean-sweep-in-canberra-20240206-p5f2s5.html?post=p55mry 
 ----- 
