 
Latest News
National
Sports
World
Business
Entertainment
Technology
Health
Today's Paper
Top Story
Opinion
Newspost
Editorial
Magazines
TNS
Instep
Money Matters
YOU
US
Writer's Archive
Sports
PAK vs IRE: Ireland beat Pakistan by five wickets in historic win
Irish down Men in Green by five wickets in splendid chase during opening match of T20 series
By Sports Desk
May 10, 2024
Irish batsmen bumb fists during second innings of opening match of ongoing T20I series in Dublin on May 10, 2024. — PCB

DUBLIN: Ireland registered a historic win as they beat Pakistan for the first time in a T20 match at the Clontarf Cricket Club, Dublin, on Friday.

The Irish won by five wickets in the three-match T20 series opener. This was the first time when the Irish hosted Pakistan in T20Is.

Despite a brilliant start while defending the 183-run target as Pakistan managed to get two wickets in the first five overs with Naseem Shah and Shaheen Afridi striking for them, the Green Shirts couldn’t stand against Andrew Balbirnie and Harry Tector.

Both the Irish batters stood tall against Pakistan’s bowling attack and formed a formidable 77-run partnership which brought the home team back in the game after a disastrous start.

Tector departed after scoring 36 runs but Balbirnie stood tall and continued to score for his side. George Dockrell brought the much-needed energy to Ireland’s innings as he scored 24 runs on 12 balls with four boundaries, which turned out to be the turning point of the match.

Shaheen bagged two wickets while Abbas Afridi, Imad Wasim and Naseem Shah picked one wicket each.

Pakistan got a major breakthrough when Shaheen removed Balbirnie but Gareth Delany (10 on 6) and Curtis Campher (15 on 7) cruised the home side to victory.

Batting first, Pakistan posted 182/6 as skipper Babar Azam starred with 57 off 43 balls while Saim Ayub made 29-ball 45. Iftikhar Ahmed chipped in with 15-ball 37*.

The Men in Green lost Mohammad Rizwan (1) early in the innings. Babar paired with Saim to provide stability to the innings with an 85-run stand.

Saim was caught by Campher off the bowling of Delany after scoring 45 runs off 29 balls, including four boundaries and three sixes.

Meanwhile, Babar crossed fifty for the 38th time in T20Is. He was caught by Mark Adair off the bowling of Craig Young, scoring 57 runs from 43 deliveries.

Pakistan struggled for a bit where they lost four wickets for 31 runs but Iftikhar covered the runs at the backend.

He smoked 15-ball 37, powered by three fours and as many sixes. Shaheen Shah Afridi also remained unbeaten, scoring 13 runs from 7 deliveries, hitting two sixes, with a strike rate of 185.71.

Who is expected to be part of Pakistan's Champions Trophy squad?
Newcastle's Isak, Joelinton leave Manchester United with 4th consecutive loss
MCG attendance record shattered during fourth India vs Australia Test
Australia take seven wickets after tea to beat India in Melbourne
Babar Azam among nominees for ICC Men's T20I Cricketer of the Year award
South Africa defeat Pakistan by two wickets in first Test
Pacers help Pakistan take control as South Africa lose three wickets in 148-run chase
Saim Ayub nominated for ICC Men's Emerging Cricketer of the Year 2024
Cristiano Ronaldo lambasts Ballon d'Or over Vinicius Jr snub
Pak vs SA: Proteas take command after Green Shirts lose three wickets
Harsh weather results in two deaths during Sydney to Hobart yacht race
First Test: Markram fights back as South Africa lose three after Pakistan's 211
VIDEO: Virat Kohli faces fine, online backlash for shouldering Konstas

Former skipper fined 20% of his match fee and handed one demerit point after the incident

Pakistan to ease visa policy for cricket fans during Champions Trophy 2025

Information minister lauds performance of Pakistan Cricket Board

Preparations in full swing as runners look forward to Karachi Marathon

Karachi Marathon, which is scheduled for Jan 5, 2025, is an event that placed Pakistan on int'l marathon map

Centurion Test: Babar Azam marks return as Pakistan unveil playing XI

Former skipper last represented Pakistan in all-white against England in October

After historic ODI victory, Pakistan set for South Africa Tests challenge

Test squad seen return of experienced pacer Mohammad Abbas, Khurram Shahzad

Pakistani batting duo Saim Ayub, Agha Salman climb up in ICC ODI rankings

Skipper Mohammad Rizwan rises three places, advancing from 24th to 21st

Copyright © 2025. The News International, All Rights Reserved | Contact Us | Authors
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thenews.com.pk/latest/1187532-pak-vs-ire-ireland-send-pakistan-to-bat-first-in-t20i 
 ----- 
