SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
Sports
SportsWatch live sports online
Friendlies: When, How to Watch Morocco Vs Angola Match

The second friendly game against Mauritania will take place on March 26.

Abdellah ErrajiMar. 22, 2024 11:59 a.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Best video game consoles
Morocco Vs Angola

Rabat - The Moroccan national football team will face off its Angolan counterpart today in a friendly match at the Adrar Stadium in Agadir.

The match will start at 10 p.m. Moroccan Time and will be broadcast on the national channel Arriadia and Arriadia TNT.Moroccan cuisine

The Atlas Lions will also play against Mauritania on March 26 at the same time and venue. These games are part of Morocco’s preparations for future events, including the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) that will be held in Morocco.

Today’s game is Morocco’s first since the most recent AFCON that was organized in Cote d’Ivoire. The host nation managed to lift the trophy for the third time despite facing several obstacles during their epic journey.

Meanwhile, Morocco experienced a bitter exit from the Round of 16, losing 2-0 to South Africa. As Morocco was considered one of the favorites to win this year’s continental tournament, the Atlas Lions' underwhelming trip to the Ivory Coast has left many Moroccans reflecting on the reasons behind their national team's disappointing performance. 

In the wake of the shock elimination, the Royal Moroccan Football Federation (FRMF) reaffirmed its confidence in head coach Walid Regragui after a meeting with President Fouzi Lekjaa.

For his part, in an interview with the media, Regragui promised to evaluate the performance of the team and make adjustments to improve it. 

As he looks to put up an optimal team ahead of Morocco’s hosting of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations, Regragui has called up a number of new players, including Real Madrid star Brahim Diaz, his teammate Youssef Lekhedim, Villareal’s Ilias Akhomach, and Monaco’s Eliesse Ben Seghir.

Read also: Paris Olympics 2024: Fouzi Lekjaa Wants Brahim Diaz to Join U23 Olympic Team

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
1 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
New Government Strategy Seeks to Address Youth Unemployment, Strengthen Morocco's Job Market
Rescue Operation Underway for Moroccan Patrol Boat "Al-Qasid" Stranded Near Melilla
Snowfall, Cold Snap, Thunderstorms Expected from Sunday to Wednesday
Hakimi, El Kaabi Named in Best African XI for 2024
Lamine Yamal Named Best Emerging Player of 2024 at Globe Soccer Awards
Morocco’s New Agricultural Season Shows a Promising Start Amid Challenges
At AU, 2024 Saw Morocco’s Continued Commitment to African Resilience
Morocco Records Compliance Milestone in Cannabis Sector for 2024
Recent
Popular
Comments
New Government Strategy Seeks To Address Youth Unemployment, Strengthen Morocco's Job Market

Azerbaijan President Demands Putin To 'Admit Guilt' After Deadly Plane Crash

Rescue Operation Underway For Moroccan Patrol Boat "Al-Qasid" Stranded Near Melilla

Morocco Wins Impressive 20 Medals At Arab Karate Championship

Morocco’s Ounahi Feels 'Loved' At Panathinaikos After Struggles With Marseille

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco Wins Impressive 20 Medals At Arab Karate Championship

Morocco’s Ounahi Feels 'Loved' At Panathinaikos After Struggles With Marseille

Hakimi, El Kaabi Named In Best African XI For 2024

Former Raja President Sentenced To 3.5 Years In Prison For Financial Misconduct

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/03/361544/friendlies-when-how-to-watch-morocco-vs-angola-match 
 ----- 
