SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
Sports
Sports
Morocco Claims 1-0 Victory over Angola in Friendly Match

The first half of the game marked a heated battle between the two sides, with neither able to break the deadlock as the scoreboard remained unaltered at 0-0.

Jihane RahhouMar. 22, 2024 11:57 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Morocco's star player Brahim DiazMoroccan cuisine

Rabat - Morocco’s Atlas Lions made a strong comeback, scoring a 1-0 victory over Angola in a friendly match on Friday evening in Adrar Stadium in Agadir.

After relentlessly attacking the goal 12 times, the first goal was finally netted in favor of Morocco. The goal was made by David Carmo who made an own-goal in the 71th minute.Moroccan cuisine

Moroccan fans were looking forward to a revival in performance from the Atlas Lions after their sub-optimal performance in the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON). After reaching the quarter-finals of the FIFA World Cup, the Atlas Lions disappointed fans with their early exit in the African tournament at the Round of 16 after losing 2-0 against South Africa.

The first half of the game marked a heated battle between the two sides, with neither side being able to break the deadlock as the scoreboard remained unaltered at 0-0.

The opening minutes saw Morocco asserting dominance with more possession, pressing forward in search of an early advantage. However, Angola remained resolute, attempting to stifle Moroccan attacks and create opportunities of their own.

Morocco intensified their offensive maneuvers, coming tantalizingly close to scoring on multiple occasions. In the 20th minute, Morocco’s relentless pressure seemed on the verge of paying off as they surged forward, keeping Angola’s defense on high alert.Moroccan cuisine

Despite Morocco’s offensive prowess, Angola demonstrated resilience, thwarting their opponents’ advances and launching counterattacks of their own. 

In the 25th minute, Angola found themselves pinned back in their own half under relentless Moroccan pressure, struggling to find a way out. Morocco had another near miss in the 35th minute.

As the second half kicked off, Morocco wasted no time in ramping up the intensity, eager to break the deadlock and seize control of the match. In the 55th minute, they surged forward with renewed vigor, determined to find an early goal and gain the upper hand.

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Bilal El Khannouss and Lamine Yamal Lead U-20 World Ranking
Morocco’s Historic Success in the 2022 World Cup, Two Years Later
Ziyech on Al Ahly’s Radar
MWN Team of The Week: Hakimi, Igamane, and Saibari
Morocco vs Lesotho: Match Preview, Team News, Predicted Lineup
Zakaria Aboukhlal Joins Morocco Squad to Replace Injured Akhomach
Tetouan Bans Raja Fans from Saturday's Botola Match
Coach Regragui Satisfied with Team’s Progress, New Additions
Recent
Popular
Comments
New Government Strategy Seeks To Address Youth Unemployment, Strengthen Morocco's Job Market

Azerbaijan President Demands Putin To 'Admit Guilt' After Deadly Plane Crash

Rescue Operation Underway For Moroccan Patrol Boat "Al-Qasid" Stranded Near Melilla

Morocco Wins Impressive 20 Medals At Arab Karate Championship

Morocco’s Ounahi Feels 'Loved' At Panathinaikos After Struggles With Marseille

YOU MAY LIKE
USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/03/361563/morocco-claims-1-0-victory-over-angola-in-friendly-match 
 ----- 
