BUSINESS
MONEY
TRAVELLER
LUXE
HINDI

SPORTS

England vs Netherlands, ICC Cricket World Cup 2023, Match 40: Three Key Battles To Look Forward To

Rooted to the bottom of the table, defending ICC Cricket World Cup champions England look to end their campaign on a high. Standing in their way are still semi-finals hopefuls, Netherlands. Here are three key battles that could define the outcome of the match.

O
Outlook Sports Desk
Updated on: 7 November 2023 10:56 am
Getting your Trinity Audio player ready...
Englands Dawid Malan (L) and Joe Root during the match against Bangladesh in Dharamsala.

Both England and the Netherlands have defied pre-ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 expectations with them, albeit in drastically different manners. England, reigning world champions, have sunk lower than any could have imagined, given their status in world cricket and the combined talent in their squad; the Three Lions have won one of their seven games, losing six, and are dead last in the table with two games to go. Netherlands, on the other hand, have risen above the paltry presumptions experts and perhaps even their own fans levied on them. The Dutch have won two games, inclduing one against the mighty South Africa, and are a place above England in the table, still with a chance to make it to the knockouts. (Match Blog | Streaming | Preview | Full Coverage)

With two games to go in their respective campaigns, England and the Netherlands' goals from here on are significantly contrasting. When the pair meet in Pune on November 8, 2023, one will be hoping to keep their semi-final hope alive, while the other will be aiming to finish their campaign positively - only, the roles, how many would perceive it, have been reversed. Netherlands, with four points from seven, need maximum from their two games and require other teams to fail miserably to make history. England, already eliminated, are awaiting an almighty overhaul back home; it is imperative that they finish the tournament on a high. 

by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kousen en zeggen dat ze niet meer zonder kunnen
Energieke Kousen
Geniet van ultieme luxe in Zakynthos hotels
Yahoo! | Zoek Advertenties
Meer informatie
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldi g)
Bloedsuikerhelper
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun autoverzekering (kijk eens)
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
Meer informatie

With that in mind, here are three key battles that could define the outcome of the game: 

Dawid Malan vs Bas de Leede

A rare consistent performer - after taking liberty with the word consistent - Dawid Malan's displays have been the silver lining of an otherwise miserable England campaign. Malan has opened gracefully, steadying the English ship when his teammates have failed; he has scored 286 runs in seven innings, with an average of 40 and a high score of 140. Battling Malan on Wednesday will be Netherlands' Bas de Leede. An all-rounder, De Leede has impressed far more with the ball than he has with the bat. He has 11 wickets to his name in seven with his best figure of the World Cup coming in the opening match against Pakistan (4/62). 

Joe Root vs Logan van Beek 

Few of the tournament's 'big' names have been as disappointing as Joe Root. Considered among the best in class in top-level cricket, Root has managed a meagre 188 runs in seven innings, with an average of 26. Finishing the tournament on the front foot will give Root the momentum he needs to shake off a disappointing campaign, but that is easier said than done, especially with the impressive Logan van Beek on the opposite end. Van Beek's ten wickets are second to only De Leede for the Netherlands, but he did bowl crucial spells against giants Australia and South Africa, the latter helping the Dutch record a massive upset. 

Sybrand Engelbrecht vs Chris Woakes

Chris Woakes picked up the pace after a disastrous start to the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 - much to his credit. The English bowler stepped in the spot vacated by Reece Topley, becoming his team's most prolific bowler, albeit with a mediocre record of eight wickes in six games, four of which came in one match. On the opposite end, Sybrand Engelbrecht has been signicant for the Netherlands' batting efforts, racking up 222 runs in six innings with an average score of 37 and a high score of 70. Their battle could set the tone for their respective teams' victory hopes. 

Tags
Cricket
England National Cricket Team
Bangladesh National Cricket Team
Joe Root
Dawid Malan
Logan Van Beek
Bas De Leede
Chris Woakes
Cricket World Cup 2023
ICC Cricket World Cup 2023
Sybrand Engelbrecht
England Vs Netherlands
PREVIOUS STORY
Hyderabad Formula E Race Controversy Explained In 5 Points
NEXT STORY
PAK Vs RSA, 2nd Test: ICC Docks Pakistan Five WTC Points For Slow Over Rate
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgevonden waar nu om gevochte...
Energieke Kousen
|
Sponsored
Ontdek de top luxe hotels op Zakynthos
Zoeken naar Zakynthos luxe hotels
Yahoo! | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrische auto's kopen, zie pr...
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijze...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Voordelen van Windenergie
Eneco heeft een joint venture gevormd met Equinor voor de offsh...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Geen honger, geen strenge diët en? met deze capsules verbra...
Hoe duizenden tevreden gebruikers hun gewichtsverliesdoelen sneller...
consumer-review.eu
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Eneco's Vooruitgang in Hernieuwbare Energie en Duurzaamheid
Door samenwerkingen en CO₂-reductie-initiatieve n speelt Eneco een leidende rol in de energietra...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Vind matrassen van hoge kwalit eit tegen geweldige prijzen
Matrassen | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Tot wel 13 kg gewichtsverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verbazin...
Waarom deskundigen speculeren dat SHAPE wel eens het einde van de...
consumer-review.eu
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Hoeveel kost het om een huis leeg te halen na een overlijden?
Huis Leeg Te Halen
|
Sponsored
CLOSE
Today Sports News
Cricket News
Bumrah's Workload Management: Should Pace Spearhead Forget Test Cricket, And Focus On T20? Here's What Ex-IND Player Said
Bangladesh Premier League: Fortune Barishal Down Sylhet Strikers By Seven Wickets
Jasprit Bumrah Nominated For ICC Player Of The Month Award After Heroics Against Australia
BBL 2024-25: Thomas Stewart Rogers Heroics Helps Melbourne Renegades Beat Perth Scorchers At Furnace
PSL 2025 Retention List: Check Players Retained By Teams Before Pakistan Super League Draft
Football News
Tottenham Vs Liverpool: EFL Cup A Distraction From Spurs' Poor League Form, Says Postecoglou
Chelsea Women Extend Norway Winger Guro Reiten's Contract Till 2026
Inter 2-3 Milan, Italian Super Cup Final: Leao Can Be 'Best In The World', Says Conceicao
Tottenham Hotspur Extend Son Heung-Min's Contract Until June 2026
ISL 2024-25, Winter Transfer Window: East Bengal FC Ropes In Richard Enrique Celis Sanchez
Tennis News
Australian Open 2025 Guide: Preview, Schedule, Prize Money, Live Streaming - All You Need To Know
Australian Open: Naomi Osaka Optimistic Over Participation Despite Injury Concerns
Australian Open: Novak Djokovic Feels 'Trauma', Three Years On From Melbourne Deportation
United Cup: Coco Gauff, Taylor Fritz Power USA To Title With Final Win Over Poland
Brisbane International: Aryna Sabalenka Beats Polina Kudermetova To Win Women's Title
Hockey News
Hockey India League Match 14 Highlights: Kalinga Lancers Thrash Shrachi Rarh Bengal Tigers 6-0 For First Win
Kalinga Lancers Vs Rarh Bengal Tigers Live Streaming, Hockey India League 2024-25: When, Where To Watch HIL Match
Hockey India League Highlights, Soorma Hockey Club 2-2 Delhi SG Pipers: SHC Grab Bonus Point After Harmanpreet B'day Special
Hockey India League: Harmanpreet Propels Soorma To Draw, Bonus Point Against Delhi SG Pipers
Soorma Hockey Club Vs Delhi SG Pipers Live Streaming, Hockey India League 2024-25: When, Where To Watch HIL Match
Trending Stories
National News
Amid Manmohan Singh Death Row , Government To Set Former President Pranab Mukherjee’s Memorial
Karnataka CM Express Displeasure Over Delay In Fund Utilisation By Social Welfare Department
'Stranger To Child': SC Denies Late Bengaluru Techie Atul Subhash's Mother Custody Of Her Minor Grandson
Severe Cold Winter Grips North India, Locals Struggle With Foggy Days 
Dateline Srinagar: Surviving Journalism In Kashmir
Entertainment News
Oscars 2025: Kanguva, All We Imagine As Light, Girls Will Be Girls And Other Indian Films On Contenders List for Best Picture
Golden Globes 2025 Best Picture Winner The Brutalist To Release In India In January
Azaad Trailer: Aaman Devgan And Rasha Thadani Look Promising As Newcomers, Ajay Devgn Excels As A Rebel
Golden Globes 2025: See All The Stars With Most Dazzling Looks
The Architecture & Design Film Festival (ADFF) New York’s South Asian Promises An Unprecedented Cinematic Showcase
US News
Donald Trump Jr Visits Greenland After Father Aspires To Buy The Island
Seattle Police Officer Fired After Fatal Collision That Killed Indian Student Jaahnavi Kandula
Mexican Citizen Killed After Shooting In Honduran Consulate Near Atlanta
US Winter Blast Causes Travel Disruptions, Closure Of Schools And Offices
Donald Trump Calls For US-Canada Merger As Justin Trudeau Announces Exit
World News
Meta Replaces Fact-Checking With X-Style Community Notes
Bangladesh: Ex-PM Sheikh Hasina's Passport Revoked Along With 96 Others
Earthquake Update: 126 Dead, 188 Injured As 6.8 Magnitude Jolts Tibet; Tremors Felt In Nepal, India
Severe Flooding Hits UK, Disrupting Communities, Causing Widespread Damage
Donald Trump Jr Visits Greenland After Father Aspires To Buy The Island
Latest Stories
Amit Shah Launches 'Bharatpol': Interpol's Assistance, Real-Time Interface| About CBI's Anti-Crime Portal
Congress' Delhi Dilemma: Kejriwal Critique or Opposition Unity
Tamil Nadu: DMK Demands Governor RN Ravi's Resignation Over National Anthem Row
Assam Mine Accident: Navy Divers Called To Rescue Miners, One Arrested: Assam CM
US Winter Blast Causes Travel Disruptions, Closure Of Schools And Offices
Azaad Trailer: Aaman Devgan And Rasha Thadani Look Promising As Newcomers, Ajay Devgn Excels As A Rebel
Earthquake Updates: 95 Dead,130 Injured After 7.1 Quake Jolts Tibet; 6.0 Magnitude Quake Hits Japan
IND's Champions Trophy Squad: BCCI Selectors To Chose Bumrah As Rohit Sharma's Deputy - Report
GROUP PUBLICATIONS
About Us
Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Compliance

Copyright © 2025 Outlook Publishing India Pvt Ltd. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 143 TCF vendor(s) and 79 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.outlookindia.com/sports/england-vs-netherlands-icc-cricket-world-cup-2023-match-40-three-key-battles-to-look-forward-to-news-329279 
 ----- 
