MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Shohei Ohtani delivers with ridiculous performance: ‘Makes you speechless’
By Fabian Ardaya
Sep 20, 2024

171

MIAMI — The greatest offensive display in baseball history moved Shohei Ohtani’s teammates to tears. It inspired awe and childlike giggles from the rest of the Los Angeles Dodgers’ uber-talented stars who still could not wrap their heads around what they just witnessed.

Baseball’s most tantalizing talent has 50-50, and he got there in preposterous fashion. A unicorn player already in his own company became the first player to hit 50 home runs and steal 50 bases in a single season. He did so Thursday with a game unlike anything ever seen.

“This game has been around for a long time, and to do something that’s never been done — he’s one of one,” manager Dave Roberts said. “I don’t know that I’ve seen anything like this.”

No player in major-league history had slugged three home runs and stolen two bases in a game before Ohtani did it Thursday in creating a 51-51 club with nine games to go. As if that weren’t enough, Ohtani finished 6-for-6 with 10 RBIs a 20-4 romp over the Miami Marlins. So ridiculous was Ohtani’s performance that, if not for a quick relay to throw out Ohtani at third on a two-run double, he would have finished with his second career cycle, as well.

No one has had a day like this. No one has had a season like this. No one could believe it. Except maybe Ohtani.

“If I’m being honest,” Ohtani said through interpreter Will Ireton, “it was something I wanted to get over as soon as possible.”

He got within striking distance of 50-50 in the first inning, when he doubled off the top of the wall and stole his 50th base of the season on the front end of a double steal. Ohtani added another stolen base before he pummeled an Edward Cabrera breaking ball into the upper deck for his 49th home run, matching Shawn Green’s single-season franchise record set in 2001. He already had four hits by the time he stepped in to face Marlins reliever Mike Baumann in the seventh inning.

With first base empty and history on the horizon, Marlins manager Skip Schumaker let Baumann pitch to Ohtani.

Why not walk him?

“I think that’s a bad move, baseball-wise, karma-wise, baseball God-wise,” Schumaker explained to reporters. “You go after him.”

With one vigorous two-strike swing on a hanging breaking ball, Ohtani made history, driving his 50th home run into the Recess Sports Lounge in left field at loanDepot Park. A crowd swarmed to try to secure a piece of history — a group of Major League Baseball authenticators had swapped out the usual baseballs for balls specially marked for Ohtani’s at-bat — as Ohtani celebrated his accomplishment with a roar to the dugout.

This, Ohtani said, was a relief.

Already exalted into baseball immortality, Ohtani added a home run off of position player Vidal Brujan in the ninth inning, his second visit to the upper deck of the afternoon.

“I think he was just feeling good, feeling sexy and just knew, like, ‘I’m about to do this today,’” Mookie Betts said. “I mean, he could’ve had four homers today. I’m at a loss for words.”

Ohtani’s fourth home run in three games in Miami capped an electric conclusion to his historic chase. Finishing off history with a flourish is old hat at this point. The man who secured the fastest 40-40 season ever with a walk-off grand slam somehow managed to up the ante for 50-50.

“I can’t put a finger on it, and it’s uncanny,” Roberts said.

The Dodgers celebrated on Thursday. They sipped but did not spray their imbibements as they commemorated a 12th consecutive postseason berth. They toasted with glasses of Veuve Clicquot. A muted celebration reflected the numbing consistency of this franchise for the past decade-plus. Roberts managed his first game for the Dodgers in 2016 and has not missed a postseason in any year since. Entire careers have come and gone during this playoff streak: Come October, the Dodgers will be there.

They punched this year’s ticket behind baseball’s biggest star. No active player has played more major-league games without being in the postseason than Ohtani. For six years, the otherworldly talent languished in Anaheim, Calif., the home of baseball’s longest playoff drought (dating to 2014).

“Obviously I changed teams this year and my goal has always been to make it to the playoffs,” Ohtani said.

That, as much as anything, informed his decision to join baseball’s most consistent regular-season winner. Given the opportunity to punctuate his new reality, Ohtani delivered a milestone performance in a clinching game.

The Dodgers wore T-shirts honoring Ohtani’s 50-50 feat. The shirts bore images of Ohtani at the plate and sliding safely to steal a base. Ohtani spoke briefly to thank his teammates, who responded with continued awe.

“We’re watching the greatest player to ever play the game and he’s not even pitching this year,” Gavin Lux said.

“Obviously with the things Shohei is doing, you have to take a moment and congratulate him,” Teoscar Hernández said.

“What we see is, like, expected,” Betts said. “It’s crazy that he lives up to those types of expectations. But that’s also what makes you speechless.”

“We all know we witnessed history,” Miguel Rojas said. “I almost cried, to be honest with you, because it was a lot of emotions, because of everything that happens behind the scenes that we got to witness every single day. So it’s a pretty cool moment. We all know what he’s capable of doing. But for him to reach that mark, it’s pretty amazing.”

(Photo of Shohei Ohtani: Megan Briggs / Getty Images)

Get all-access to exclusive stories.

Subscribe to The Athletic for in-depth coverage of your favorite players, teams, leagues and clubs. Try a week on us.

Start Free Trial

Fabian Ardaya is a staff writer covering the Los Angeles Dodgers for The Athletic. He previously spent three seasons covering the crosstown Los Angeles Angels for The Athletic. He graduated from Arizona State University’s Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication in May 2017 after growing up in a Phoenix-area suburb. Follow Fabian on Twitter @FabianArdaya

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5781191/2024/09/19/dodgers-shohei-ohtani-50-50-reaction/ 
 ----- 
