This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Cookie Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
SAVE
ACCEPT ALL
REJECT ALL
CLOSE
Weather
35°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
North Texas sees icy roads, freezing fog early Saturday morning
For Texas QB Quinn Ewers, Cotton Bowl loss to Ohio State is harsh way to be remembered
Car crashes during icy weather down from average January day in Dallas last year
TV host and author Joyce Meyer plans to pause her program with Daystar Television Network
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
Kohl’s closing Dallas site amid pullback on ‘underperforming’ stores
5 thoughts from Texas-Ohio State: Longhorns stuffed in red zone, title run comes to an end
SMU has the right leader in Jay Hartzell
Dallas-Fort Worth treacherous road conditions to stretch into Saturday morning
‘Real Housewives of New York’ star shares D-FW travel woes on social media
ADVERTISEMENT
THIS IS MEMBER-EXCLUSIVE CONTENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Breaking down Texas Rangers playoff scenarios and magic number with 1 week left in season
As the Rangers hit the road for the final seven games, it’s conceivable they could be AL West champions by gametime on Thursday.

By Evan Grant

Rangers beat writer/insider

Sep. 24, 2023
|
Updated 6:24 p.m. CDT
|
4 min. read
Leody Taveras (3), Evan Carter y Mitch Garver, derecha, de los Rangers de Texas, celebran en el plato después del jonrón de dos carreras de Taveras, en el que también anotó Garver en la cuarta entrada, en el juego de béisbol en contra de los Marineros de Seattle, el domingo 24 de septiembre de 2023, en Arlington, Texas. (AP Foto/Tony Gutiérrez)(Tony Gutierrez / ASSOCIATED PRESS)

ARLINGTON – It’s always smart to be prepared. So, when he sent the Rangers players a text about packing for the final road trip of the regular season, director of team travel Josh Shelton laid things out in detail.

Anaheim and Seattle might not be the only stops on the voyage that started Sunday night. Could be more than that. Pack a passport, just in case. Always good advice, though there doesn’t seem to be any remaining possibility the Rangers could end up in Canada. At least not right away. Just as good, considering the last two playoff trips there. They could, however, jet from Seattle to Minneapolis. Or make the long-haul overnight flight to Tampa or Baltimore. Point is: There’s a lot still up in the air with a week to play in the regular season.

Related:The West is waiting after Rangers sweep Seattle (and get some help from Kansas City)
Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

“Everybody understands there are a lot of scenarios,” Marcus Semien said. “But we also know: Win the division and we come home.”

The Rangers can make things simpler still. Thanks to a weekend-long thumping of Seattle, capped by a six-homer Sunday in a 9-8 win that should have been much easier (but, you know, the bullpen), they could book their return home as early as the middle of the week. For the time being, know this: The AL West lead is 2 ½ games over Houston with seven to play. Outright, the magic number to clinch the West for the first time since 2016 is five. Who is even talking about the wild card at the moment?

ADVERTISEMENT

It’s at least conceivable that by the time the Rangers arrive in Seattle early Thursday morning, they could be division champs. If the Rangers sweep Anaheim and Seattle wins two of three (but not all three) from Houston, it would eliminate the Astros and leave Seattle with only the ability to tie the Rangers for the AL West title with a four-game sweep. Even so, the Rangers own the tiebreaker between the two.

If the Rangers win the West, they will open the playoffs at home, most likely in the Division Series against the winner of a best-of-3 wild card series between Central winner Minnesota and the third wild card. That could still be Seattle. Or Houston. There is also a slight possibility Minnesota could catch the AL West winner for the second overall seed, which would knock the AL West winner into being the host of a best-of-3 wild card series.

Point: The Rangers finished the home season 50-31, and the crowd of 35,412 on Sunday showed signs it could be a factor in a playoff series. Even the murmurs were buzzy when the out-of-town scoreboard flashed the final from Houston: Royals 6, Astros 5.

All of this is still getting a bit far ahead for a team that has zig-zagged wildly through winning and losing streaks over the second half. There has been an eight-game swing for the Rangers over the last five weeks from first to third and back again. One false move by the bullpen and the Rangers schooner could sail right off course again. Nobody knows.

ADVERTISEMENT
Related:Takeaways from Rangers’ sweep vs. Mariners: Texas reclaims first place with a bang
ADVERTISEMENT

On Sunday, Brock Burke and Jose Leclerc, the longest-tenured Ranger (signed as a 17-year-old in 2010), saved the day with the final four outs. Look, it never should have come down to that, but this is the story of the 2023 Rangers. No lead ever seems safe. Even one built on six homers, including two by Semien. He led off the bottom of the first with one, a tone-setting swing if there ever was one. His second homer got an assist from Julio Rodriguez, bouncing off his glove and over the wall. It was absolutely Canseco-esque.

“He told me I owe him one,” Semien said afterward. “But I don’t know how a ball can bounce out of my glove at second and over the wall.”

Probably best to let the debt go unpaid for the time being. Especially since the Rangers built leads of 7-2 and 9-5, then faced the tying or go-ahead runs in each of the final four innings.

ADVERTISEMENT

Corey Seager, Adolis García, Leody Taveras and Evan Carter also hit homers. The last two are also the bottom two hitters in the Rangers’ batting order. It’s a big reason why the offense has come bounding back. García and Josh Jung returned from the IL to plump up the middle of the lineup, stretching it out. Taveras, after a long skid, has bounced back in September. Carter is merely the best September callup the Rangers have had, maybe ever.

For the week with García and Jung back, the offense averaged seven runs per game. It also gave the Rangers a semblance of a regular lineup. Against right-handed starters over the last half of the week, the Rangers ran the exact same batting order out four straight days. It’s the most stability they’ve had all year.

ADVERTISEMENT

It will change Monday at Anaheim against lefty Patrick Sandoval with Robbie Grossman replacing Carter, but Grossman has a .964 OPS against lefties. There’s been nothing wrong with that side of the platoon. Oh, and by the way, take out the Grossman-Carter platoon and the other eight players have played together 16 times this season. The Rangers are 10-6. With either Grossman or Carter, depending on the matchup, it’s a dangerous postseason lineup.

“We can win a bunch of different ways,” Semien said. “I think our performance this homestand showed that. Right now, you take any way you can.”

ADVERTISEMENT

“We did what we were hoping to do,” manager Bruce Bochy said. “We showed up. We fought. We were determined. Now, we’ve got to go out and play well on the road.”

If they do, they know exactly what their itinerary will be.

ADVERTISEMENT

It’s as simple as this: Win, and go home.

Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant

ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

ADVERTISEMENT

Click or tap here to sign up for our Rangers newsletter.

By Evan Grant

Evan has covered the Rangers since 1997. He has twice been named one of the top 10 beat writers in the country by the AP Sports Editors. His passions outside of covering baseball are his wife, Gina, his two step kids, two crazy dogs & barbecue. Let's not discuss the cat. Evan graduated from Georgia State University, but oddly is a Georgia fan.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
2
5 thoughts from Texas-Ohio State: Longhorns stuffed in red zone, title run comes to an end
3
For Texas QB Quinn Ewers, Cotton Bowl loss to Ohio State is harsh way to be remembered
4
National reaction from Texas’ Cotton Bowl loss: ‘This game is on nobody but Sark’
5
TV host and author Joyce Meyer plans to pause her program with Daystar Television Network
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2023/09/24/magic-number-breaking-down-texas-rangers-playoff-scenarios-with-1-week-left-in-season/ 
 ----- 
