Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Isiah Pacheco Chiefs 
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
Mets Pete Alonso
King Charles Prince William
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Social Security Payment 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
MLS
News
Schedule
Scores
Standings
MLS - Major League Soccer
Luciano Acosta scores incredible Maradona, Messi-esque Goal of the Season contender

The FC Cincinnati forward continues to create MLS magic on a weekly basis.

Luciano Acosta dribbles past defenders for the goal.LAPRESSE
MATIAS WODNER
Actualizado 23/09/2023 - 22:12 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLS. MLS Drops the Hammer: Matko Miljevic's contract terminated amidst bizarre banishment saga
MLS. Leo Messi: I was the only World Cup winning player who didn't get recognition

Luciano "Lucho" Acosta has dominated opponents and danced around defenders ever since joining MLS in 2017 with D.C. United. Now with FC Cincinnati since 2021, Acosta has been getting better and better every season.

2023 is going as well as possible for Acosta, with his league-leading 15 goals and additional 12 assists putting him as one of the MVP frontrunners with the season coming to a close soon. On Saturday against Charlotte FC, Acosta demonstrated he is in untouchable form, giving fans a goal they will not soon forget.

Messi and Maradona would be proud of Lucho Acosta

As an Argentinian, Acosta's mazy run and finish had many thinking about two iconic goals from his fellow countrymen: Lionel Messi against Getafe and Diego Maradona against England.

Acosta has never been called up to the Argentina national team due to the talent and depth the country has, but his recent form has surely caught the eye of Lionel Scaloni.

FC Cincinnati is MLS Cup dreaming
MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Beyonc é and...
Marca

Acosta's goal helped cap off a 3-0 blowout of Charlotte for FC Cincinnati. Cincy has been by far the best team in MLS, having earned nine more points than the next closest team in the entire league and 12 more than the second place Eastern Conference team.

A loss to Inter Miami in the US Open Cup semifinals put a damper on their season, but they should be considered the favorite to lift the MLS Cup trophy in December.

MLS - English
SportsFall Season Events: Every important sports event for this upcoming 2023 fall season
Inter MiamiWhat picture does Lionel Messi have on his WhatsApp profile?
Inter MiamiMessi gets a new look: are hat-tricks coming with Inter Miami?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Scootmobiel kope n?
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Live with Philips Hue
Philips Hue
Hyundai TUCSON rijden voor €429...
Hyundai
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/mls/2023/09/24/650fa7c4268e3e79028b45a3.html 
 ----- 
