skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Border Gavaskar Trophy
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketAfghanistan vs Bangladesh: Moments of incredible drama, from Gulbadin Naib playacting to Rashid Khan doing a Pollard
Premium
Afghanistan vs Bangladesh: Moments of incredible drama, from Gulbadin Naib playacting to Rashid Khan doing a Pollard
Afghanistan coach Jonathan Trott had nervy night, Rashid Khan lost his cool when batting and a single that was a comedy of errors.
Written by Vinayakk Mohanarangan
Updated: June 26, 2024 08:47 IST
5 min read
Afghanistan's captain Rashid Khan with teammate Gulbadin Naib acknowledges fans after Afghanistan won the ICC Men's T20 World Cup cricket match against Bangladesh, at Arnos Vale Ground, Kingstown, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Monday, June 24, 2024. (PTI Photo)

The Super 8 match, a virtual knockout, between Afghanistan and Bangladesh transcended beyond a game of cricket and entered the realm of supreme entertainment, worthy of blockbuster cinema. Right from the moment Rahmanullah Gurbaz put in a full-length dive off the first ball of the night at Arnos Vale Ground in St Vincent, just to complete a single, this match had all the elements of an all-time classic.

Afghanistan innings

Over 15.4: Craziest single of the tournament

How much are you willing to work for a single? Gurbaz tapped the ball to backward point and set off, then stopped halfway to turn back. But at this point, Omarzai also decided to keep going and both batters ended up running together towards the striker’s end. Rishad Hossain, however, missed the direct hit, and then both batters start to run – together, once more – towards the non-striker’s. Eventually, Omarzai stayed behind while Gurbaz ran through to complete a single. Utter chaos.

 

View this post on Instagram

 

A post shared by ICC Hindi (@icchindiofficial)

Over 19.3: Rashid’s Pollard moment

We can’t be 100% certain if Australia pacer Mitch Starc and England’s assistant coach Kieron Pollard were watching this match, but if they were, they’d have made a trip down memory lane to May 2014 when the MI star got so angry that he wanted to throw the bat at the RCB man, before it eventually slipped out of his hand. Here, however, it was the Afghanistan captain doing so at his own teammate. After a helicopter shot failed to take off, Rashid was trying to scamper back for a second run to retain strike off the last ball.

ADVERTISEMENT

But Karim Janat wasn’t keen. Rashid lost his temper midway down the pitch and threw his bat at his partner in anger, before returning back. “I have never seen that before in any cricket!” came the booming voice of Ian Smith on air, the man who somehow finds himself describing some of the craziest moments in ICC events. However, Rashid would channel that rage off the previous ball to smash a massive six off the last ball of the innings, a shot that made a difference in the end.

Bangladesh innings

Over 7.6: The Trott rollercoaster

At the end of the 8th over in Bangladesh’s run-chase, the usually calm Jonathan Trott lost his cool in the Afghanistan dugout. Nabi’s over went for 12 runs as the Tigers showed glimpses of intent to chase it down in 12.1 overs. And head coach Trott kicked at something in disgust before entering the dressing room in apparent anger as Afghanistan were in trouble. It wouldn’t be the last time we saw Trott wearing his heart on his sleeve. He would stoically watch the ebbs and flows, sink to the ground as a ball sped away to a boundary, and later in the night he would be, after some dramatic moments in to follow, hoisted by his players with a big smile on his face.

Over 11.4: Naib’s Hall of Fame moment

It’s ironic that the man who has become quite popular for his muscle-flexing celebrations produced a moment that will be remembered for a long time by the cricket fans. After Rashid’s double strike in the previous over, Afghanistan had stolen a march on the DLS par score chart. The par score was 83 and Bangladesh were 81/6 as the rain started to get heavier. Trott realised what was up… he looked at the skies, then started yelling “slow it down, slow it down!” Naib got the message, and perhaps for the first time in history, a cricketer went down with cramps while stationary at first slip.

 

View this post on Instagram

 

A post shared by ICC (@icc)

Eventually, Naib’s little playacting didn’t actually matter because the rain got heavy enough for the players to walk off, but wasn’t heavy enough to cause a washout. But it produced a remarkable passage of play, something football fans have been witnessing for years. Spirit of Cricket debate kickstarted. Simon Doull wasn’t pleased on air. R Ashwin tweeted “red card for Gulbadin”. Social media exploded. Even Litton Das had a laugh with Mohammad Nabi as he feigned a limp when the players were walking off.

Absolute cinema, as the Martin Scorsese meme goes.

Of course, when play resumed, Naib came back to field after a short while, bowled a couple of overs, and picked up a crucial wicket too. And when Naveen picked up the last wicket, he joined his teammates in sprinting around the field, bringing an end to one of the most mind-boggling games of World Cup cricket.

More Premium Stories

For Indian nurse on death row in Yemen, hope hangs

Amid farm protest, Punjab’s well of goodwill may be drying

Gambhir cracks whip on Team India's chaotic dressing room

India’s billionth baby: Aastha, an Army nurse with a dream

How to raise a boy: The challenge of raising a

2024 was the year of women in cinema. Let’s do

IC-814 hijack survivor: ‘Only your family is worth the fight’

Clinton visit 2000 | ‘You cook Dal Bukhara? Got my

‘Women fought for Uttarakhand...we hope for a safer place’

UPSC Key: H-1B visas, Manipur Violence and UDISE Plus Report

Looking at 2025, Tech: Rising above the AI line

2024’s biggest takeaway: The country needs a system that cares

Tavleen Singh on Manmohan Singh: The man who changed India

Jerry Pinto sees life in the white and quiet world

Sharad Kelkar's show on realities of medical profession

Sharmila Tagore: 'Film awards once celebrated the industry'

Winter travel special: Under the Moringa Tree’s Shadow

© The Indian Express Pvt Ltd
Vinayakk Mohanarangan

Vinayakk Mohanarangan is Senior Assistant Editor and is based in New Delhi.
... Read More

TAGS:
Afghanistan
Afghanistan Cricket
Afghanistan Cricket Team
Bangladesh Cricket Team
Mohammad Nabi
Rashid Khan
T20 World Cup 2024
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
2 Criminals Wanted For High-Value Jewellery Heist In Mumbai Arrested In Madhya Pradesh
SSC GD Exam Dates Released At Ssc.Nic.In
Game Changer Trailer: Ram Charan Set To Revolutionise The Game In This Vintage Shankar Star Vehicle
Prashant Kishor Announces Fast Unto Death Over Demand For BPSC Exam Cancellation
Why Vaibhav Suryavanshi, A 13-Year-Old Prodigy From Bihar, Is One To Watch Out For
Bombay HC Judge Recuses From Hearing Anand Teltumbde’s Discharge Plea, Other Elgaar Parishad Matters
Identity Movie Review: Tovino Thomas, Trisha’s Action Thriller Is High On Style But Low On Substance
How China’s DeepSeek-V3 AI Model Challenges OpenAI’s Dominance
‘I Hadn’t Seen That Side Of Him’: After Sam Konstas’s Debut, Here’s What Surprised Mentor Shane Watson
Khushboo Sundar Opens Up About Being Sexually Abused By Her Father: ‘I Was Afraid To Speak Up’
BJP To Congress, Key Players Step Up Jostling For Dalit Vote Amid Ambedkarite Parties’ Decline
Kareena Kapoor Is Super Confident, A Lot Of Fun; Katrina Kaif Likes To Wear Beautiful Clothes, Loves Luxury: Stylist Tanya Ghavri  
‘BSF Is Letting Goons And Murderers Enter West Bengal’: Mamata Banerjee
Former Shark Tank India Judge Ashneer Grover Trademarks His Name, Netizens Compare Him To Kunal Bahl
US Army Veteran Who Killed 15 In New Orleans Attack Was Inspired By The Islamic State Group
Pune International Film Festival To Begin On February 13, Its Theme Raj Kapoor’s 100th Birth Anniversary
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/afg-vs-ban-t20-world-cup-2024-drama-naib-rashid-9414783/ 
 ----- 
