Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
'It Felt Natural': Chris Paul, Victor Wembanyama Looked Like Old Friends vs. Magic
The two San Antonio Spurs stars combined for two easy baskets in their first time playing together Wednesday night against the Orlando Magic.
Scott Salomon | Oct 10, 2024
Oct 9, 2024; San Antonio, Texas, USA; San Antonio Spurs guard Chris Paul (3) handles the ball in front of Orlando Magic guard Jalen Suggs (4) in the first half at Frost Bank Center. / Daniel Dunn-Imagn Images
In this story:
San Antonio Spurs

Victor Wembanyama and Chris Paul announced their joint presence with authority on Wednesday night, and it looked like they had been playing together for years, instead of mere minutes.

Late in the first quarter, Paul threw an alley-oop to Wembanyama which he slammed home much to the delight of the home crowd at the Frost Bank Center.

The San Antonio Spurs went on to win the game 107-97 in their second preseason game of the season. Their record is now 1-1.

Paul finished the game with five points and three assists. He found the young Frenchman one more time before he took his curtain call in the third quarter, while Wembanyama had an 11-point, nine rebound performance. He also added four assists and had four blocked shots.

"It felt very natural and it felt like it was a good play, and he makes a lot of good plays," Wembanyama said of the alley-oop after the game. "We are going to try to experiment on the pick and roll as much as possible. Getting lobs are easy baskets, but its not as easy as it looks.

"If there is one guy in this league who can do it, its him."

Oct 9, 2024; San Antonio, Texas, USA; San Antonio Spurs guard Chris Paul (3) looks up the court in the first half against the Orlando Magic at Frost Bank Center. / Daniel Dunn-Imagn Images

Wembanyama said he had to shake off a little rust due to not playing since the Olympics in Paris. He had to get back in the habit of gearing up for competition.

"It's been a few months since I have played this game," Wembanyama said. "Today was the day to experiment with some things."

Wembanyama Comfortable Playing With Paul

Wembanyama said it is comforting to have Paul on the court with him. He said he knows when the chips are down during the season, he can count on him to make a play.

"Being on the court with him means he has things under control," Wembanyama said. "It's reassuring a little bit. It's one more teammate that I can count on in a tough moment."

Wembanyama said he was working on his post up game. He wants to play more with his back to the basket, where he is difficult to defend.

"The shots close to the basket, I need to get 25 a game," Wembanyama said. "That's what I want to be the best at."

Wembanyama also spoke very highly of Castle. He said with Castle being a rookie, he is elevating his game to the NBA level. He sees it every day in practice.

"Stephon is very positive," he said. "I have a very good impression of him. His game is transitioning very (well) ... he looks more experienced than he really is. I am really glad he is the way he is. He gives a very mature impression."

Between the newfound connection between Wembanyama and Paul, and the addition of Castle, it seems the Spurs — at least, chemistry-wise — are in great shape.

Now, their focus turns to building on it in Game 3 of the preseason against the Utah Jazz.

San Antonio Spurs On Sports Illustrated

Wembanyama Adds 25 Pounds Ahead of 2nd NBA Season with Spurs

Stephon Castle Speaks on Spurs' 'Aggressive' Defensive Mindset

Chris Paul and Gregg Popovich, Once Rivals, Now Set to Join Forces

Published Oct 10, 2024
SCOTT SALOMON

Scott Salomon joined On SI in April 2024 covering breaking news and analysis for the Miami Dolphins site, and has since contributed to the Miami Heat, Back in the Day NBA, Miami Hurricanes and San Antonio Spurs sites. Scott is based in South Florida and has been covering the local and national sports scene for 35 years. He's covered and has been credentialed for the Super Bowl, the NFL Combine, various Orange Bowls and college football championship games. Scott was also credentialed for the NBA All-Star game and covered the Miami Heat during their first six seasons for USA TODAY. Scott is a graduate of the University of Miami School of Communication and the St. Thomas University School of Law. Scott has two sons and his hobbies include watching sports on television and binge watching shows on various streaming services.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/spurs/news/san-antonio-spurs-chris-paul-victor-wembanyama-old-friends-orlando-magic 
 ----- 
