    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
THURSDAY, JANUARY 2, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  WORLD T20: Scotland thrash Oman to boost Super Eights hopes
SPORTS
WORLD T20: Scotland thrash Oman to boost Super Eights hopes
June 9, 2024 0
George Munsey on the attack against Oman (Photo: ICC via Getty Images)

Scotland raced to a comprehensive seven-wicket victory over Oman at the T20 World Cup to go top of Group B.

A wonderful unbeaten 61 from Brandon McMullen guided Scotland to their target of 151 in just 13.1 overs as Richie Berrington’s side delivered a real statement.

Safyaan Sharif marked his 200th Scotland cap with two wickets before the batting line-up took over.

George Munsey and Michael Jones set the tone before McMullen took charge with a series of eye-catching shots all around the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.

The nature of the result leaves Scotland in a strong position to make the Super Eights and leaves England’s qualification hopes hanging by a thread.

A win over Australia next Sunday would guarantee the Scots’ place in the next stage, while even a loss could see them through.

In that scenario, England would need to win both their games against Oman and Namibia and also overhaul Scotland’s healthy net run-rate.

Scotland’s batters deliver again

In all three of their games at this World Cup, Scotland’s batting arsenal has come up with the goods when required.

Against England, Munsey and Jones whacked the likes of Mark Wood and Adil Rashid around the Kensington Oval – and it was only the rain that denied the Scots a shot at an historic win.

Chasing 156 against Namibia, it was left to the middle order to stand up. Scotland needed 40 from the last four overs; and Berrington and Michael Leask delivered a late barrage as they cruised home with nine balls to spare.

In Antigua, on a true pitch, Scotland utilised a strong wind and a short boundary to full advantage.

Munsey was at his brutal best, clubbing into the leg side off the seamers and reverse sweeping the slower bowlers into the stands. He is one of the more unorthodox players in world cricket and, when he plays well, Scotland tend to follow.

McMullen is Scotland’s bright young thing, all elegance and timing. The South African-born bat has played several eye-catching innings since his international debut in December 2022 and this was up there with the best of them.

If Scotland carry their batting form into their meeting with Australia then you wouldn’t bet against them making the next stage of the competition. (BBC)

Advertisement _____
Previous article
Verstappen wins gripping wet-dry race in Canada
Next article
All incoming flights at CJIA diverted as runway lights inoperable
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
2025 is a year of boundless possibilities – President in New Year’s message
Sports
NSC throws support behind LSU-bound track star Malachi Austin
Sports
Family the driving force behind Sherfane Rutherford
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
PPP at 75: President says it will continue ‘guiding Guyana to greater heights of...
Editor - January 1, 2025
UK Company awarded US$3.3M contract to install Electronic Health Record system
Editor - January 1, 2025
Georgetown Hospital effectively managing nurse shortage
Editor - January 1, 2025
Public Works Ministry Addresses British Airways Flight Cancellation
Editor - January 1, 2025
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
June 2024
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2
3	4	5	6	7	8	9
10	11	12	13	14	15	16
17	18	19	20	21	22	23
24	25	26	27	28	29	30
« May   Jul »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2024/06/09/world-t20-scotland-thrash-oman-to-boost-super-eights-hopes/ 
 ----- 
