Thursday 02 / January / 2025
 RADIO
Oman are desperate to win, as are we: Coach Watson
Sports  Sunday 09/June/2024 09:03 AM
By: Ashok Purohit
A
A
A
A
Listen

North Sound, Antigua: Scotland coach Doug Watson believes that his players are in the right direction at the ongoing ICC Men’s T20 World Cup but has urged them to "stay humble" as they clash with Oman in their third T20 World Cup Group B match at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in North Sound, Antigua, on Sunday.

Scotland are currently on top of the group with three points ahead of the England against Australia match on Saturday. Ahead of Sunday’s match against Oman, Watson said: "It's a new game and both teams start on nought. Oman will want to win, they'll be desperate for a win, as are we. They've got some really good spinners and some really good seamers and some pretty good batters as well. "[We need to] make sure we stay humble and keep our feet on the ground."

The South African said: "It's about adapting really well to what's in front of you. The team that can adapt the quicker to those and stay calm tends to come out on top. "Things can explode fairly quickly. The backhand of that, if you can handle the pressure and stay calm in the right moment, you can come out on top.

"It only takes one player with the ball, or one player with the bat, to turn a game." Watson was happy with the team’s display so far including the five-wicket win over Namibia on Thursday at Kensington Oval in Barbados. "I still think there's room for improvement," he told Cricket Scotland after the match. "We can be a little bit more clinical with the batting.”

Latest Articles
PM Modi's visit to Russia-Ukraine, expanding ties with Middle East, Africa': How India's Foreign Policy progressed in 2024
With 1.2 bn subscribers India's telecom sector is delving into AI and 6G advancements
Pakistan hikes petrol and diesel prices amid public outcry over inflation
"Important neighbour, dependent on India in many ways": Bangladesh's Army Chief hails ties with India
Oman
Times Tv
World
Business
Sports
Opinion
Technology
T Mag
#OmanPride
Lifestyle
Roundup
About Us . Advertising . Contact Us .
Copyright 2025 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Bitwize ™
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofoman.com/article/146459-oman-are-desperate-to-win-as-are-we-coach-watson 
 ----- 
