Cricket
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Cricket
Schedule
BGT 2024
PAK vs SA
SL vs NZ
BBL 24
Vijay Hazare
ZIM vs AFG
BPL 2024
Cricket News
ICC Men's T20 World Cup Sub Regional Asia Qualifier A
ICC Men’s T20 World Cup Asia Qualifier A 2024 Points Table: Updated Standings after Mongolia vs Hong Kong, Match 6
ICC Men’s T20 World Cup Asia Qualifier A 2024 Points Table: Updated Standings after Mongolia vs Hong Kong, Match 6
By
Sportz Connect
Modified Aug 31, 2024 14:14 IST 
Follow Us
Discuss
ICC Men’s T20 World Cup Asia Qualifier A 2024 Points Table

Singapore beat Maldives by 47 runs in the first match of the second day of the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup Asia Qualifier A at the Bayuemas Oval in Kuala Lumpur. With the win, Singapore moved to fourth in the table with two points and a net run rate of 2.350. Maldives, on the other hand, dropped to fifth, having lost both their games.

Malaysia beat Myanmar by six wickets in the second match of the day at the YSD-UKM Cricket Oval in Bangi. With the victory, Malaysia moved to second in the table with four points and a net run rate of 4.872. Myanmar stayed at sixth after losing both their matches until now.

In the third and final match of the day, Hong Kong beat Mongolia by nine wickets. Hong Kong retained their top spot in the table with four points and a net run rate of 9.514 courtesy of wins in both their games. Mongolia are languishing at the bottom.

Trending
Hong Kong, Singapore dominate in ICC Men’s T20 World Cup Asia Qualifier A

Hong Kong were unstoppable as it took them only 15.3 overs to beat Mongolia. After opting to bowl first, they bowled their opponent out for 17 in 14.2 overs. Ehsan Khan, who recently completed 100 wickets in T20Is, finished with figures of 3-0-5-4. Thereafter, they chased down the target in 1.4 overs.

Singapore also breezed past the Maldives without having to break a sweat. After opting to bat first, they scored 153 for the loss of seven wickets on the back of Manpreet Singh’s 51-run knock. Janak Prakash and Amartya Kaul picked up three wickets apiece and helped their team restrict Maldives to 106 for eight.

For Malaysia, it was a collective effort that helped them beat Myanmar. After bowling first, they did not let Myanmar go past 75 for seven. Then they tracked down the target with 10.2 overs to spare.

Looking for fast live cricket scores? Download CricRocket and get fast score updates, top-notch commentary in-depth match stats & much more! 🚀☄️

Quick Links

ICC Men's T20 World Cup Sub Regional Asia Qualifier A Hong Kong Cricket Malaysia Ehsan Khan
Edited by Sankalp Srivastava
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/cricket/news-icc-men-s-t20-world-cup-asia-qualifier-a-2024-points-table-updated-standings-mongolia-vs-hong-kong-match-6 
 ----- 
