Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 963 partners
Es noticia:
Matthew Stafford wife
Jayden Daniels
Jason Kelce
Magic Johnson Commanders
Super Bowl 2025
Arch Manning
Deion Sanders
Angel Reese
Pete Alonso
Roki Sasaki Dodgers
Alcaraz - Nishioka
Coco Gauff
Makhachev vs Topuria
IShowSpeed
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student Loan Debt
Social Security Benefits
SSI Income Limit
IRS Free File Trax Credits
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
MLS
News
Schedule
Scores
Standings
MLS - Major League Soccer
No Messi, no problem, as Inter Miami dominates Chicago thanks to a great performance by Luis Suarez

The player from Uruguay scored two goals in this game

X: @InterMiamiCF
LW
Actualizado 31/08/2024 - 23:36 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Lionel Messi's wife Antonela Roccuzzo displays antics on the bench that fans will not forget
Inter Miami just dropped an exciting update for all Lionel Messi fans who want him back

Inter Miami arrived at Soldier Field in Chicago with the idea of taking the three points and they did just that in great fashion as Luis Suárez scored two goals and almost got a hat trick in a 4-1 victory in another game without Lionel Messi.

Suárez with his two goals in the 46th minute and in the 65th minute, had also a large part of the responsibility in the first and looked unstoppable. The Uruguayan striker, who was the Player of the Match, reached 16 goals in MLS and 20 in all competitions to extend his record as the club's all-time leading scorer in a season.

Luis Suárez is a strong candidate to be the MVP of the MLS and is one away from being the leading scorer of the tournament. With the victory, Inter reached 59 points and with 7 games remaining it consolidates itself in the top of the Eastern Conference.

Luis Suárez guides the victory of the Garzas | Chicago 1-4 Inter Miami | Goals and Highlights | MLS
Inter Miami has looked impressive

After this win, Inter Miami maintained its advantage over Cincinnati, which reached 51, after beating Montreal by the same score. This is important considering that Lionel Messi has not played in a while due to an injury.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

The Argentinian player missed the Leagues Cup and now he is aiming to be ready for the end of the season, but everyone says that he is better left healing to be at 100% for the stretch run and with this trying to go deep into the playoffs.

With Lionel Messi, the team won the Leagues Cup last year after beating Nashville in penalty shootouts 10-9 after tying 1-1 in 90 minutes. They were having a bad regular season in the MLS therefore they couldn't qualify for the playoffs, but this time things are looking different with plenty of additions to their team.

Inter Miami - English
Lionel Messi - English
Luis Suárez - English
Chicago Fire - English
MLS - English
MLS - Major League SoccerTom Brady eyes Lionel Messi for Birmingham City after Inter Miami triumph
MLS - Major League SoccerLionel Messi's wife Antonela Roccuzzo displays antics on the bench that fans will not forget
MLS - Major League SoccerInter Miami just dropped an exciting update for all Lionel Messi fans who want him back
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Trump's plans to use force to take...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Een senioren inloo pdouche in 1 dag...
Vergelijk Portaal
Huisalarm met videodeurbel en...
Verisure®
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Groningen: Onverk ochte relaxstoele...
Local Plan
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/mls/2024/09/01/66d3eb4922601d28728b459d.html 
 ----- 
