MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Nola earns 14th victory as NL East champion Phillies beat the Nationals 6-3 in regular-season finale
Updated Sep. 29, 2024 6:51 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

WASHINGTON (AP) — Kyle Schwarber and Weston Wilson each drove in two runs, Aaron Nola earned his 14th victory and the NL East champion Philadelphia Phillies avoided a series sweep and closed out the regular season with a 6-3 win over the Washington Nationals on Sunday.

Philadelphia finished 95-67, the second-best record in the National League behind the Los Angeles Dodgers (98-64), and were five games better than last season. The Phillies’ victory total was the team’s highest since winning 102 games in 2011 --- the last time they won the division.

The Phillies have a bye in the first round of the playoffs and will face either NL Central champion Milwaukee or the NL’s third wild card in a division series scheduled to start Saturday in Philadelphia.

“I was really happy with the way we finished,” Philadelphia manager Rob Thomson said.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Luis García Jr. homered in the first inning for Washington, which went 71-91 for the second straight season.

“Nobody wants to go home at this time of year,” Washington manager Dave Martinez said. “You want to keep playing, but the effort was definitely there this year and they played hard. Our young guys got better and they are going to continue to get better. Good things to come.”

Nola (14-8) allowed three runs in five-plus innings and struck out seven. A day after teammate Zack Wheeler ended his regular season with 200 innings pitched, Nola came within two outs of matching the feat. The 31-year-old right-hander was lifted after giving up a leadoff triple to Dylan Crews in the sixth.

“It’s a goal every year to get to 200-plus,” Nola said. “It didn’t work out, but that’s all right. One of our goals was to win the division and we did that and finish the last game of the season off strong in a good way with a win.”

Phillies reliever José Ruiz loaded the bases with no outs in the ninth before striking out García and James Wood. Kody Clemens then hauled in Juan Yepez’s long fly to left, ending the game and sealing Ruiz’s first save in 264 career appearances.

Travel Oregon This Winter
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert...
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

The Phillies loaded the bases with no outs in the first against Jake Irvin before Bryson Stott and Alec Bohm had back-to-back RBI groundouts.

Philadelphia didn’t have another baserunner until the fifth, when it again loaded the bases. Schwarber poked a two-run single to left, and two batters later, Wilson ripped a two-run double to right to end Irvin’s outing.

Irvin (10-14), who passed teammate Patrick Corbin for the NL lead in losses, allowed six runs and struck out three in 4 1/3 innings.

García and Yepez had RBI singles in the fifth against Nola.

Philadelphia rested regulars Bryce Harper and J.T. Realmuto. Nick Castellanos became the first member of the Phillies to play in 162 games in a season since Freddy Galvis in 2017. Castellanos was lifted in the second inning.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Phillies: Thomson said RHP Carlos Estévez was unavailable because of illness. … OF Austin Hays (sore back) was out of the lineup for the second consecutive day. … OF Johan Rojas (illness) remained away from the team. … Philadelphia recalled INF Buddy Kennedy from the team’s spring training complex and optioned LHP Tyler Gilbert to the spring training complex.

ATTENDANCE BUMP

Washington’s season attendance was 1,967,302, a 5.4% increase over its 2023 total of 1,865,832.

UP NEXT

Phillies: Philadelphia will have an intrasquad scrimmage Wednesday before hosting the opener of the NLDS on Saturday against either Milwaukee or the NL’s third wild card.

Nationals: Open spring training games on Feb. 22 against Houston in West Palm Beach, Florida.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/MLB

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Justin Verlander joining Giants on $15 million deal for his 20th season
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Giants sign Justin Verlander
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Aaron Nola
Major League Baseball
Philadelphia Phillies
Luis García
Kyle Schwarber
Aaron Nola
Los Angeles Dodgers
Washington Nationals
Philadelphia Phillies
MLB - Philadelphia Phillies vs. Washington Nationals - 09/29/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/nola-earns-14th-victory-as-nl-east-champion-phillies-beat-the-nationals-63-in-regularseason-finale 
 ----- 
