Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
International
‘I Got Stage Fright!’ – Rassie Erasmus Recounts Hilarious Toilet Incident Before Cape Town Test
‘I got stage fright!’ – Rassie Erasmus recounts hilarious toilet incident before Cape Town Test
Colin Newboult
09 Sep 2024 11:59 AM
2

Springboks head coach Rassie Erasmus laughing.

Rassie Erasmus left the press room in hysterics after recounting a hilarious incident during the Springboks’ victory over the All Blacks on Saturday.

South Africa emerged 18-12 triumphant over New Zealand in Cape Town at the weekend, taking them a step closer to claiming the Rugby Championship title.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>

But Erasmus was left red-faced in front of a supporter just prior to the match when he needed to go to the toilet.

Erasmus’ embarrassing moment

“I don’t know if it is appropriate but our coaches box is up there [at the top of the stadium]. I’ve got this medication that makes me want to go to the toilet quite often,” he said.

“As I went into the coaches’ box, I thought, ‘Na, I’m not going to make this first half’, but the coaches’ box is right near the public area.

“There are toilets there, a man’s and a woman’s, and the man’s queue was long. There was a lady stood there and she said: ‘You can go in [the women’s].’

“There was a lady in the bathroom, who was dressed – everything was fine – and I said: ‘Listen, I must get back to the coaches box.’ She said she would turn around but then I got stage fright!”

Rassie Erasmus addresses the Springboks lineout issues and where it went wrong against the All Blacks

Erasmus was referencing the “vibe” of the Cape Town crowd by telling that tale after the supporters once again played an important part in the victory.

A week after the fans in Johannesburg roared the Springboks on as they came from 27-17 behind to claim a stunning win over the All Blacks, they were also incredibly loud on Saturday.

Ad

They stuck with the team despite seeing South Africa go into the break 9-3 behind due to three Damian McKenzie penalties.

The Boks produced an excellent second period as Siya Kolisi and Malcolm Marx touched down to earn an 18-12 triumph on Saturday.

Ad
Is the current Springboks team the greatest South African team of all-time?
Yes
No

‘They’re always happy’

“That’s the vibe, the people just carried on. The one guy was like a police officer rolling me back to the coaches’ box. It was lovely what the crowd do,” Erasmus said.

“You feel that, even when it’s not going well; they keep on singing. That’s maybe the difference between the Cape Town crowd and some other crowds.

“They’re always happy, even while you’re losing, and that’s nice. Ellis Park was also amazing last week.”

Ad

READ MORE: Siya Kolisi’s saga ends as Springboks captain completes transfer after feeling like he ‘stole’ from Racing 92

International
Rassie Erasmus
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
David Skippers
02 Jan 2025
Springboks: Five players who could make their Test debuts in 2025 including two ‘abrasive overseas-based ball carriers’

Planet Rugby has selected five possible debutants for the Springboks in 2025.

Colin Newboult
01 Jan 2025
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic

France eclipsed the Springboks in one particular area in 2024.

Dylan Coetzee
30 Dec 2024
Who’s hot and who’s not: Rassie Erasmus’ nation-building continues and humiliating losses for three Premiership clubs

Check who's hot and not following the week's on and off-field action.

Dylan Coetzee
27 Dec 2024
Springboks boss Rassie Erasmus underlines nation-building qualities with Christmas Day fan walk

Rassie Erasmus held a Christmas walk in Cape Town.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
26
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
1 hour ago
2
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
3 hours ago
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
3 hours ago
2
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
4 hours ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
5 hours ago
16
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
2 hours ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/i-got-stage-fright-rassie-erasmus-recounts-hilarious-toilet-incident-before-cape-town-test 
 ----- 
