English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / AFC Asian Cup 2023: When and where to watch Australia vs India in India?

AFC Asian Cup 2023: When and where to watch Australia vs India in India?
The Sunil Chhetri-led men will begin their campaign by locking horns with Australia in the first match of Group B at the Ahmad Bin Ali Stadium in Al Rayyan.

GARIMA RANAWAT
Author

Updated - 13 Jan 2024 05:36 AM

Credit: X

Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

One of the most notable and prominent Asian football tournaments, the AFC Asian Cup 2023 is set to begin on January 12, Friday, at the home of defending champions Qatar. The tournament has a total of 24 teams participating that have been divided into six groups of four teams Team India has been placed in Group B along with Australia, Uzbekistan, and Syria. The Sunil Chhetri-led men will begin their campaign by locking horns with Australia in the first match of Group B at the Ahmad Bin Ali Stadium in Al Rayyan.

Also Read:   AFC Asian Cup live score 

Needless to say, the Blue Tigers have a tough challenge ahead of them as they begin their 2023 AFC Asian Cup journey. The Indian captain is set to play his third AFC Asian Cup for India, and because he is currently the third-highest active goal-scorer in international football with 93 goals, the upcoming tournament is filled with opportunities for him. 


Both India and Socceroos are expected to take on each other with a fully fit squad. India have delivered enough decent performances in the past and can present a tough fight to their counterparts. However, Australia are a strong team and are expected to put in their best show against the Indian men. 


Head to Head - AUS vs IND
Both teams have locked horns in eight fixtures, with Australia winning five games, while the Blue Tigers emerged triumphant in two games. One game yielded no result and ended in a draw. 
The last time that India registered a win against Australia was in 1956 at the Melbourne Olympics. In the previous edition, India finished third in their group, while Australia made it to the quarterfinals. 
In their last four games, Australia scored 12 goals while India scored four goals. 
AFC Asian Cup 2024: Australia vs India

When and where will Australia vs India AFC Asian Cup 2023 match take place? 
The first clash of Group B between Australia and India will take place on Saturday, January 13, 2024, at 5 pm IST at Ahmad Bin Ali Stadium, Al Rayyan. 

Where to watch the live broadcast of Australia vs India AFC Asian Cup 2023 match in India? 
The live broadcast of the AFC Asian Cup match between Australia and India will be available on the Sports18 network. 

Where to watch the live stream of Australia vs India AFC Asian Cup 2023 match in India?
The live stream of the AFC Asian Cup Match between Australia and India will be available on the JioCinema app and website. 

Where to catch live scores of the 2023 AFC Asian Cup Australia vs India match in India?
The SportsTiger website and app will provide you with live scores and live updates of all the FA Cup matches. 

AUS vs IND Predicted Lineups:

Australia Predicted Lineup


Mathew Ryan (C) (GK); Gethin Jones, Harry Souttar, Cameron Burgess, Jordan Bos; Connor Metcalfe, Aiden O’Neill, Jackson Irvine, Craig Goodwin; Mitchell Duke, Samuel Silvera

India Predicted Lineup


Gurpreet Singh Sandhu (GK); Nikhil Poojary, Sandesh Jhingan, Rahul Bheke, Akash Mishra; Suresh Singh, Apuia; Naorem Mahesh Singh, Anirudh Thapa, Lallianzuala Chhangte; Sunil Chhetri (C)

AFC Asian Cup 2024
LATEST NEWS

02 January 2025

Selfish: Daryl Cullinan questions Ravichandran Ashwin’s decision to take retirement amid ongoing BGT series

02 January 2025

Big Bash League 2024-25: Chris Lynn smashed 55-ball 88 as Adelaide Strikers defeat Melbourne Renegades

02 January 2025

Taskin Ahmed registers best figures in BPL history; takes 7 wickets against Dhaka Capitals

02 January 2025

Poor Test form won’t affect…: Shane Watson shows confidence on Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma for CT25

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/afc-asian-cup-2024-australia-vs-india-h2h-aus-ind-predicted-lineups-live-telecast-streaming-in-india 
 ----- 
