SIGN IN

SPORT | FOOTBALL

Mali vs South Africa LIVE! AFCON result, match stream and latest updates today
Bafana Bafana face a tough opener on their Africa Cup of Nations return
0 seconds of 0 secondsVolume 0%
 
DOM SMITH
16 JANUARY 2024

Mali made an excellent start to their Africa Cup of Nations campaign as they headed top of Group E with a deserved 2-0 win over South Africa.

More than 16,000 were in attendance at the Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium in Korhogo to see whether South Africa could spring another surprise in a stadium and a group where Namibia had shocked Tunisia 1-0 earlier in the day. But South Africa’s best chance to cause such an upset was squandered midway through the first half when ex-Brighton forward Percy Tau stepped up to take a penalty awarded by VAR. Instead of finding the net, he skied the ball far over the crossbar, and the contest was still goalless at the interval.

After the break, Mali turned the screw and took the lead on 60 minutes when Kamory Doumbia’s free-kick slammed the underside of the crossbar. Skipper Hamari Traore tapped home from on the line.

It took just six minutes for Mali to double their lead, with Lassine Sinayoko outmuscling Siyanda Xulu and calmly slotting under goalkeeper Ronwen Williams. That quickfire double proved enough for Les Aigles, who go top of Group E after a fully merited victory.

Mali vs South Africa latest news

Full-time — Mali 2-0 winners over South Africa
GOAL – Sinayoko doubles Mali's lead
GOAL – Traore puts Mali ahead
PENALTY MISSED – Tau blazes over
Kick off

Live updates

16 JANUARY 2024
Thanks for joining us

Well that was excellent start for Mali in this competition, notching two second-half goals and giving South Africa a painful headache after Percy Tau's missed penalty.

The 1996 champions will hope to give their own campaign lift-off when they face Namibia in five days' time.

Thanks for tuning in to Standard Sport's live coverage of Mali versus South Africa, and we'll catch you for another AFCON match soon!

16 JANUARY 2024
FT: Mali 2-0 South Africa

Full-time, and Mali have achieved a really impressive opening-night victory.

Traore and Sinayoko's goals inside six second-half minutes are enough to beat South Africa.

16 JANUARY 2024
Mali 2-0 South Africa

90+4' Mokoena's free-kick from range is saved onto the crossbar. So nearly a late goal back for South Africa...

16 JANUARY 2024
Mali 2-0 South Africa

90+4' Coulibaly picks up a yellow right at the death here.

16 JANUARY 2024
Four minutes added on

Probably not enough time for South Africa, that!

16 JANUARY 2024
Mali 2-0 South Africa

88' Lots of subs late on here.

Nene, Sissoko and Wolves's Boubacar Traore enter the fray for Haidara, Koita and goalscorer Sinayoko.

South Africa also make a change, with Maseko replaced by Morena.

16 JANUARY 2024
Mali 2-0 South Africa

85' CLOSE! Sighter for Haidara, who fizzes a low shot just wide.

Williams absolutely beaten.

16 JANUARY 2024
Mali 2-0 South Africa

83' Mali just slowing things down now.

South Africa seeing a fair amount of possession but struggling to make inroads. Would be some comeback if they could avoid defeat from here!

16 JANUARY 2024
Mali 2-0 South Africa

78' Xulu goes into the book for South Africa, before Diabate replaces Dieng for Mali.

16 JANUARY 2024
Mali 2-0 South Africa

73' Xulu heads over from a corner for South Africa.

Those goals have stunned them, really.

Zwane and Makgopa make way for Zakhele Lerato Lepasa and Mihlali Mayambela for the losing side.

LATEST
OLDER

MORE ABOUT

MALI
SOUTH AFRICA
AFCON
AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

Comments are currently unavailable

Recommended by
NEWS
SPORT
BUSINESS
LIFESTYLE
CULTURE
GOING OUT
HOMES & PROPERTY
COMMENT
The London Standard
Archive
All Topics
All Authors
Newsletters
Terms of use
Contact Us
Modern Slavery Act
Syndication
Privacy Notice
Privacy Options
Cookie Policy
Code of conduct and complaints
Advertisers
Promotion Rules
Contributors
London Live
The Independent
The Independent US
indy100
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.standard.co.uk/sport/football/mali-vs-south-africa-live-stream-afcon-2024-latest-score-result-watch-tv-team-news-b1132704.html 
 ----- 
