WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 01, 2025
ENGLISH
हिन्दी
SIGN IN
VIDEOS
INDIA
WORLD
YEARENDER
ENTERTAINMENT
SPORTS
TECH
EXPLAINER
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS
HEALTH
Advertisement
YOU ARE AT:
News
Sports
Cricket
PAK vs ZIM, T20 World Cup: Cricketing world goes berserk as Zimbabwe pulls off heist of tournament
PAK vs ZIM, T20 World Cup: Cricketing world goes berserk as Zimbabwe pulls off heist of tournament
Twitter reacts as Zimbabwe beats Pakistan by 1 run at the T20 World Cup 2022, pulling off the biggest upset of the event.
Written By: Kartik Mehindru 
@mehindrukartik
New Delhi
Published : Oct 27, 2022 20:27 IST, Updated : Oct 27, 2022 20:55 IST
Follow us on 
Image Source : GETTY
Shan Masood after getting dismissed

The world has finally arrived at the World Cup. Zimbabwe, unarguably, pulled off the heist of the century by defeating Pakistan in the Super 12 match of the T20 World Cup, handing Babar Azam's men a stunning and shocking second defeat of the tournament. 

From former cricketers to experts, the win had everyone talking as Pakistan are on the brink of an early elimination from the tournament. Here are a few reactions.

This World Cup has already witnessed a few upsets. Namibia defeated Sri Lanka, Scotland beat West Indies, Ireland pulled off a victory against England, and now Zimbabwe have defeated Babar Azam and Company by the barest of the margins to pull off a stunning victory. 

Each and every prediction have gone down the drain and this World Cup has redefined unpredictability.

When Pakistan came out to chase, it was certainly an easy task for them but they made a mockery out of it. Both their stalwarts Rizwana and Babar failed at the top of the order. It was their hero from the last match Shan Masood who scored 44 off 38 deliveries and kept the chase alive, but as soon as he departed, Pakistan's batting crumbled like a house of cards.

It was Mohammad Nawaz who tried to execute some last-moment heroics for his team but their cause was long lost. It was Sikandar Raza who scalped 3 wickets and broke Pakistan's back.

Roads are pretty tough for Pakistan ahead as they have to put these losses behind them and prepare themselves to face the South African which certainly is going to be an uphill task.

ALSO READ | Relive Virat Kohli's historic sixes to Haris Rauf in Slo-Mo | WATCH VIDEO

Pakistan XI: Mohammad Rizwan (wk), Babar Azam (c), Shan Masood, Iftikhar Ahmed, Shadab Khan, Haider Ali, Mohammad Nawaz, Mohammad Wasim Jr, Shaheen Afridi, Haris Rauf, Naseem Shah

Zimbabwe XI: Wesley Madhevere, Craig Ervine (c), Milton Shumba, Sean Williams, Sikandar Raza, Regis Chakabva (wk), Ryan Burl, Luke Jongwe, Brad Evans, Richard Ngarava, Blessing Muzarabani

 

Advertisement
Read all the Breaking News Live on indiatvnews.com and Get Latest English News & Updates from Sports and Cricket Section
T20 WORLD CUP 2022
Follow IndiaTV on WhatsApp
Advertisement

TOP NEWS

Arvind Kejriwal writes to RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, poses questions related to BJP

Who is Sivasri Skandaprasad, with whom BJP MP Tejasvi Surya is tying the knot? Know here

Jasprit Bumrah needs six wickets at SCG to break biggest bowling record for India in Test cricket

Advertisement
Advertisement

LATEST NEWS

Apple iPhone 17 to launch in 2025 with major upgrades, never seen before!

'No heating, no light': Russia's Gazprom halts natural gas supply to Europe via Ukraine

Who is Sivasri Skandaprasad, with whom BJP MP Tejasvi Surya is tying the knot? Know here

Kickstart New Year with smart investments: Check schemes offering fixed returns with govt guarantee

Advertisement
India TV :
Contact UsAbout UsAdvertiseComplaint RedressalIn the PressInvestors Column
Popular Categories :
Live TVWorldPhotosVideosIndiaSportsBollywoodBusiness

© 2009-2025 Independent News Service. All rights reserved.  

Site Map|Legal disclaimer|Privacy Policy|CSR Policy|RIO|Complaint Redressal | Rss
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatvnews.com/sports/cricket/pak-vs-zim-t20-world-cup-cricketing-world-goes-berserk-as-zimbabwe-pulls-off-heist-of-tournament-twitter-reacts-2022-10-27-819301 
 ----- 
