CLOSE
Weather
52°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Sponsored Content
Sponsored Content | Spanish
Timeless in Texas
Marketplace
More
Help Center
Classifieds
Obituaries
Guides
Back to the Ballot
Parents' Guide to Summer
Voter Guide
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Topics
Soccer
Golf
Today's Articles in Print
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Leaving undercover work for Dallas Cowboys was a game-changer for Larry Wansley’s family
What we know about the home break-ins of Dallas pro-athletes Luka Doncic, Tyler Seguin
Dallas’ most esoteric restaurant to close — an end to the city’s most interesting food
Dallas Stars forward Tyler Seguin’s home broken into earlier this season
I-35W southbound lanes near Heritage Trace shut down following Fort Worth police chase
Police: Mavs’ Luka Doncic’s Dallas home burglarized Friday, $30K worth of jewelry stolen
Tarrant County Jail inmate died in custody following medical emergency, official says
5 New Mexico Bowl takeaways: TCU, Josh Hoover dominate Louisiana in 31-point victory
Search continues for missing 8-year-old girl days after Christmas Eve crash in Sherman
Cowboys place WR CeeDee Lamb, CB Amani Oruwariye on IR ahead of Eagles matchup
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSFC DALLAS

Homophobic chants, pitch invaders at Mexico-Brazil show possible ugly side of Copa America
While the match featured a lively atmosphere and amazing soccer, player safety and fan behavior were issues.

By Abraham Nudelstejer

Staff Writer

Jun. 9, 2024
|
Updated 6:41 p.m. CDT
|
3 min. read
Teams take the field for pregame introductions prior to an international soccer friendly match between Mexico and Brazil, Saturday, June 8, 2024, at Texas A&M's Kyle Field in College Station, Texas. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez)(Julio Cortez / ASSOCIATED PRESS)

The discriminatory chant of the Mexican fans, an invasion of the field, a record crowd and a great display of soccer.

The match between Mexico and Brazil on Saturday at College Stadium’s Kyle Field was a real-life rehearsal for what Copa America could be like.

The continental tournament will be played from Jun. 20 to Jul. 14 across 14 venues throughout the United States, including AT&T Stadium in Arlington.

Mexico is one of the six Concacaf teams invited to participate in this edition of the Copa America. With thousands of followers on both sides of the border, the Mexican national team’s matches are expected to draw big crowds to the stadiums.

Sports Roundup

Get the latest D-FW sports news, analysis, scores and more.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

In the game held at Kyle Stadium, Mexico imposed its largest crowd in Texas for a friendly match, with 85,249 people in the stands. It was also the third-largest crowd ever for a MEXTOUR game.

Related:Mexico’s loss to Brazil accompanied by questions about Jaime Lozano’s job status
ADVERTISEMENT

The game was exciting. After trailing 2-0 on the scoreboard, Mexico tied the game in stoppage time, but Brazil won 3-2 with a last-minute goal.

However, Mexico’s presence at Copa America will surely be the subject of controversy, and Saturday’s match was a sample of what awaits Conmebol, the governing body of South American soccer responsible for organizing the Copa America.

The behavior of the Mexican fans will be a problem that Conmebol will have to tackle.

The discriminatory chant that Mexican fans use to pressure the rival team has now become a pressure tool for El Tri’s own players.

ADVERTISEMENT

Every time the Mexican team shows its deficiencies and falls behind on the scoreboard, its fans punish the side by insulting their players with homophobic chants.

In the game at Kyle Field, the chant appeared in the stands, so referee Lukasz Szpala suspended the match for a few minutes.

A warning was heard over the stadium speakers to let the fans know that if the chant continued, the match would be permanently suspended.

A message was then displayed on the big screen: “Because of the discriminatory chant you just heard, the game has been temporarily stopped. Any individual participating in the discriminatory chant will be ejected from the stadium.”

FIFA’s three-step protocol, in which racial and discriminatory abuse is heard, begins with the match being stopped and a warning given to supporters. Step two involves players being taken off the field, and step three involves abandoning the fixture.

Never has a match of the Mexican national team been definitively suspended due to the chant.

If the chant appears during a Copa America match, Conmebol will have to choose between ignoring it or making the historic decision to suspend the game definitively.

ADVERTISEMENT

Another issue that Conmebol will have to pay close attention to in Copa America games is security inside stadiums.

The match between Mexico and Brazil at Kyle Field was interrupted for more than five minutes when several fans invaded the field, many of them with the sole purpose of greeting Brazilian star Vinicius Junior.

With stars as big as Vinicius and Argentina’s Lionel Messia in the Copa America, the organizers must ensure that events like those at Kyle Field never happen again.

The atmosphere at the Mexico-Brazil Game was spectacular. It was a great soccer game that also had a multimillion-dollar economic impact on the metropolitan area where Texas A&M University is located.

ADVERTISEMENT

Saturday’s game at Kyle Field was a test for Copa America organizers to note the positive things the tournament can leave behind and the great challenges they will face.

Related Stories
VIEW MORE
FC Dallas acquires defender Shaq Moore in trade with Nashville SC
FC Dallas follows familiar path, emphasizes defense with 2025 MLS SuperDraft selections
USWNT’s Trinity Rodman opens up on relationship with Dennis Rodman: ‘He’s not a dad’

For more sports coverage from The Dallas Morning News, click here.

By Abraham Nudelstejer

News reporter with more than 25 years of experience in media outlets. He arrived at The Dallas Morning News in January 2020 and has held different positions for the DMN and Al Día. He has received several awards as a reporter and editor, including the Texas APME Awards and the José Martí Award.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Police: Mavs’ Luka Doncic’s Dallas home burglarized Friday, $30K worth of jewelry stolen
2
Here’s where to watch New Year’s Eve fireworks in Dallas
3
Tarrant County Jail inmate died in custody following medical emergency, official says
4
Luka Doncic is among athletes impacted by recent break-ins. Who else has been burglarized?
5
Dallas’ most esoteric restaurant to close — an end to the city’s most interesting food
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2024 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/fc-dallas/2024/06/09/homophobic-chants-pitch-invaders-at-mexico-brazil-show-possible-ugly-side-of-copa-america/ 
 ----- 
