Skip to main content
Skip to main content
Subscribe
PRESENTED BY
TOP STORY EDITOR'S PICK
Brazil beats Mexico in last minute thriller in front of record-setting Kyle Field crowd
Travis L. Brown Jun 8, 2024  0
Pause
Unmute
Loaded: 13.35%
Remaining Time 
-3:43
Picture-in-Picture
Fullscreen

Mexico manager Jaime Lozano breaks down MEXTOUR game in Kyle Field

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Countless numbers of football greats have stepped foot on to the Kyle Field playing surface in nearly 100 years of existence. For all of the legendary moments called since 1927, few would have thought one would be an assist by worldwide standout Vinicius Junior.

Saturday, the home of the Texas Aggie football team hosted the MEXTOUR international friendly, in which Brazil pulled out a 3-2 thriller, scoring the game-winning goal six minutes into stoppage time.

The 85,249 that filled the stands were treated to a barnburner that saw two goals scored past the regulation 90 minutes. The attendance total is the third largest all time for MEXTOUR friendlies and is the largest crowd to watch the Mexican international squad play in the state of Texas. The two previous high marks were set in California.

Mexico forward Santiago Gimenez (11) and Brazil midfielder Douglas Luis De Paulo (18) compete for the ball during the Mexico vs Brazil exhibition Saturday at Kyle Field.

MEREDITH SEAVER, THE EAGLE

The largest crowd to ever watch El Tri in the United States was 93,723 during the 2015 Gold Cup at the Rose Bowl.

People are also reading…
Cessna's grades: A&M looks good early, but fails late
Aggieland Pregnancy Outreach turns fraternity house into a maternity house
5 takeaways from Texas A&M’s Las Vegas Bowl loss to USC
Pregame Blitz: How Texas A&M-USC match up
Top 5 Best Testosterone Booster Supplements For Men’s Healthy Muscle Gain

Brazil entered Saturday’s match with the better form, boasting a myriad of European club players — the world's prime market for club soccer. Vinicious Junior, who was a 74th-minute substitute, is valued at 180 million Euros, which ranks first worldwide, according to TransferMarkt.com.

“We are very satisfied and proud to show our team in the USA, where we will celebrate a [Copa America and World Cup] and it is our pleasure to be here in the USA and in two years we will have a great [World Cup],” Brazil head coach Dorival Junior said, through a translator.

LOCAL NEWS
Mexico-Brazil soccer fans bring new kind of game experience to Kyle Field
Alex Miller

Yet, Mexico’s high press and sturdier defense kept the game in reach throughout the course of the 98 minutes of play.

After the game, Mexico head coach Jaime Lozano said he was proud of the improvements his team has made, especially defensively, after a 4-0 loss to Uruguay on June 5.

“Today was a good show with a lot of goals,” Lozano said through a translator. “We’re very thankful to the fans and we’re very thankful for the city.”

Fans fill Kyle Field for the Mexico vs Brazil game on Saturday.

Meredith Seaver

Brazil started on the front foot, with a clear chance at goal 22 seconds into the match. They took the lead in the fifth minute on a tricky dribbling showcase at the top of the box by Andreas Pereira of Fulham, which put two Mexico defenders on ice skates, before finishing in the back corner of the net.

Mexico found a little bit of momentum toward the middle of the first half, and held a 1-0 deficit into halftime.

Brazil quickly added to its lead in the 54th minute on an easy tap in by Arsenal’s Gabriel Martinelli. The score was set up on a skillful drive to the end line by Yan Couto (Girona) and cut back pass to the middle of the 6-yard box.

Mexico cut the lead to one in the 73rd minute after a high press caught Brazil in possession approximately 35 yards from the goal. A through ball and a cut back by substitute Alexis Vega found Julian Quinones with a wide-open tap-in on the back side of the goal.

Mexico forward Julián Quiñones controls the ball during the Mexico vs Brazil game Saturday at Kyle Field.

Meredith Seaver

Two minutes into extra time — and 15 minutes after a string of pitch invaders were tackled by Kyle Field security — Mexico equalized off a pair of shots by Guillermo Martinez off a corner kick. Martinez’ first offering forced a short-sided save by Brazil goalkeeper Alisson Becker (Liverpool), but he was able to slot the rebound past the keeper, sending fireworks off Kyle Field’s activation towers.

Brazil had the final say in the 98th minute when Vinicius Junior whipped a cross into the middle of the box that found the head of 17-year-old Edrick. The ball deflected into the back corner of the goal. The youngster has scored a goal in all three of Brazil's recent friendlies.

“It was an amazing experience,” Martinelli said. "It is so hot in here but we tried to give our best. Like I said, it was an amazing experience and I think we deserved the result as well.”

Members of Aggieland Mariachi perform before the Mexico vs Brazil game at Kyle Field on Saturday.

Meredith Seaver

A total of 85,249 fans filled the Kyle Field stands on Saturday to watch Brazil beat Mexico 3-2.

 0 Comments
Get in the game with our Prep Sports Newsletter

Sent weekly directly to your inbox!

Sign up!
* I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.
Travis L. Brown

Sports reporter

Follow Travis L. Brown
Related to this story
Mexico manager Jaime Lozano breaks down MEXTOUR game in Kyle Field

Mexico manager Jaime Lozano breaks down MEXTOUR game in Kyle Field

Watch Now: Related Video
Highlights: A&M 92, ACU 54
ACU Postgame: Buzz Williams
Las Vegas Bowl Postgame: Noah Thomas
Las Vegas Bowl Postgame: Cashius Howell
Recommended for you
MENS BASKETBALL
The Eagle’s 2024 Top 10 Sports Stories, No. 9: A&M men’s hoops falls to Houston in OT
EDUCATION
The Eagle’s 2024 Top 10 News Stories, No. 10: A&M opts not to bring back on-campus Bonfire
MENS BASKETBALL
A&M part of SEC’s strong start to 2024-25 men’s basketball season
WOMENS BASKETBALL
Inside power of Malone, Abdur-Rahim allows Aggies to roll over Devilettes
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
Sites & Partners
Place an Ad
Land and Livestock Post
Newsletters
MyAggieNation
Rack Locations
Join Our Team
Get Healthy
Services
Manage Subscription
Contact Us
Advertise
Licensing
Dealer Returns
Printing Services
Curated Commerce
© Copyright 2024 The Eagle, 1729 Briarcrest Drive Bryan, TX 77802
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://theeagle.com/sports/professional/other/brazil-beats-mexico-at-kyle-field/article_90c3a6dc-261b-11ef-b953-2ff92b4f06e0.html 
 ----- 
