Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 International Friendly
MEX
2
FT
BRA
3
Yan Couto - 73' OGGuillermo Martínez - 90'+2'
Andreas Pereira - 5'Gabriel Martinelli - 54'Endrick - 90'+6'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Endrick heads late Brazil winner to deny Mexico comeback
ByCesar Hernandez
Jun 9, 2024, 03:40 am

A 96th-minute game-winner from 17-year-old soon-to-be Real Madrid forward Endrick earned Brazil a 3-2 friendly victory against Mexico on Saturday in a preparation match for the 2024 Copa America.

It was Endrick's third goal for Brazil, having also scored in high-profile friendlies against England and Spain in March. He will join Real Madrid from Palmeiras this summer.

Held at Kyle Field in College Station, Texas, Saturday's match immediately showcased early pressure from Brazil after Arsenal's Gabrriel Martinelli nearly connected with a cross in Mexico's 18-yard box during the first 30 seconds.

The South Americans maintained their pressure and quickly made it 1-0 when Fulham's Andreas Pereira easily slalomed past Mexico's backline and found the back of the net in the fifth minute.

Endrick scored the third goal of his young Brazil career to secure victory over Mexico.
Omar Vega/Getty Images

Mexico fought back with more attacking momentum as the first half progressed and, in the 20th minute, fullback Gerardo Arteaga tested opposition goalkeeper and captain Alisson with a dangerous shot from distance. Manager Jaime "Jimmy" Lozano and his men did well to keep the ball in Brazil's half, but also struggled with creating enough danger and connecting with star striker Santiago Giménez.

Brazil then silenced Mexico's growing confidence with a goal in the 54th minute. Thanks to a great run and assist from short-range from Yan Couto, Martinelli was able to capitalize on his chance in the 18-yard box and make it 2-0 for Brazil.

The match was briefly paused in the 59th minute as the majority-Mexico crowd again marred the game with an anti-gay chant that has become a regular occurrence at Mexico matches.

When play resumed, Mexico clawed their way back with a goal sparked by the impact of second half substitute Alexis Vega. Vega launched a powerful cross from the right flank and Colombian-born Mexico international Julián Quiñones did well to connect with the ball and score El Tri's first of the game.

Additional personnel changes in the second half altered the friendly in dramatic fashion and Mexico substitute Guillermo Martínez made it 2-2 in the 92nd minute after a scramble from a corner.

But Endrick grabbed the win for Brazil as he continued his impressive start to his international career with a header off a cross from his new Real Madrid teammate Vinícius Júnior.

Brazil have one additional U.S.-based preparation match with a friendly scheduled against the United States on June 12 in Orlando. Mexico will head to San Diego, where they'll take part in a pre-tournament training camp.

At the Copa America, Brazil are placed into Group D with Costa Rica, Paraguay and Colombia. In Group B, Mexico will face Ecuador, Venezuela and Jamaica

Game Information
Kyle Field
1:00 AM, June 9, 2024
College Station, Texas, USA
Line: BRA -1.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 85,249
Referees:
Lukasz Szpala
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/692533 
 ----- 
