Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
PRO & COLLEGE SPORTS
Brazil vs. Mexico FREE LIVE STREAM (6/8/24): Watch International Friendly soccer match online | Time, TV, channel
Updated: Jun. 08, 2024, 6:22 p.m.|Published: Jun. 08, 2024, 6:16 p.m.

Brazil's Vinicius Junior controls the ball during a qualifying soccer match for the FIFA World Cup 2026 against Venezuela at Arena Pantanal stadium in Cuiaba, Brazil, Thursday, Oct.12, 2023. (AP Photo/Andre Penner)AP

By Gabriel Trevino | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com

Brazil faces Mexico in an international friendly soccer match on Saturday, June 8, 2024 (6/8/24) at Kyle Field in College Station, Texas.

How to watch: Fans can watch the match with a free trial to fuboTV.

Tee Higgins on BIG day in Bengals' Win Over Broncos

Here’s what you need to know:

What: International friendly

Who: Brazil vs. Mexico

When: June 8, 2024

Time: 8:30 p.m. ET

Where: Kyle Field

TV: Univision Network

Channel finder: Verizon Fios, Comcast Xfinity,Spectrum/Charter,Optimum/Altice,Cox,DIRECTV,Dish,Hulu, fuboTV, Sling.

Live stream: fuboTV (free trial)

Here’s a recent soccer story from the AP:

A roadmap to follow for men’s soccer during the Paris Olympics:

Athletes to Watch

—Bradley Barcola, France: One of France’s rising stars, Barcola joined Paris Saint-Germain last year as part of the club’s push for young, homegrown talent following the departures of icons like Lionel Messi and Neymar. Kylian Mbappe’s exit this year should provide more room for the forward to establish himself as one of PSG’s biggest talents. The Olympics is an opportunity to showcase his ability to a wider audience.

—Kevin Paredes, United States: USA’s young player of the year in 2023 is gaining attention and has joined the likes of Vinicius Junior and Kevin De Bruyne by signing with Jay-Z’s Roc Nation sports agency. Capable of playing at left back or as a winger, the Wolfsburg player already has broken through to the United States’ senior national team.

—Claudio Echeverri, Argentina: The 18-year-old Echeverri’s potential already has been spotted by Manchester City, and he will complete a move to the Premier League team ahead of next season. An attacking midfielder, he helped Argentina reach the semifinals of the U17 World Cup and could be one of the star players at the Olympics.

Storylines to Follow

—The U.S. men’s national team is back at the Games for the first time since 2008. The Americans benefited from soccer’s regional governing body CONCACAF deciding to make the 2022 edition of its Under-20 Championship a qualifying event for the Olympics. The U.S. won it for a third time in a row to book its place for Paris. It faces host nation France in its opening game of the tournament.

—Israel has waited even longer to make a return to the Games, having been absent since 1976. While that is a cause for celebration for the national team, there already have been calls from protestors in France for Israel’s participation to be limited because of the war in Gaza.

—World champion Argentina can add to a glorious era of success by winning gold in Paris. Argentina beat Brazil 1-0 in the 2021 Copa America final, and then won the World Cup a year later in Qatar. Argentina defends the Copa America in the United States before the Games begin — but Olympic gold would complete the set over a spectacular three-year period.

—The Olympics has produced unlikely gold medalists in men’s soccer such as Nigeria and Cameroon. Will there be another surprise package in Paris? Perhaps Morocco, which finished a surprising fourth at the 2022 World Cup, will go on another run.

Key Dates

The tournament begins on July 24, with France taking on the United States and Argentina facing Morocco in the biggest games of the day. The final is on Aug. 9 at Parc des Princes in Paris.

Reigning Champion

Brazil (Did not qualify).

MORE SPORTS COVERAGE
Jalen Brunson erupts for 55 points as Knicks set record for 40-point scorers
Devils' win streak ends against Hurricanes, who score four times in third period
Los Angeles Rams vs. Arizona Cardinals FREE LIVE STREAM (12/28/24) | How to watch, TV channel, odds for NFL Week 17
Colorado vs. BYU FREE LIVE STREAM (12/28/24): How to watch Alamo Bowl online | Time, TV, channel
Washington Capitals vs. Toronto Maple Leafs FREE LIVE STREAM (12/28/24): Watch NHL regular season online | Time, TV, channel

Thank you for relying on us to provide the journalism you can trust. Please consider supporting NJ.com with a subscription.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About NJ.com
Advertise with us
Contact Us
Newsletters
Jobs at NJ Advance Media
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
NJ.com
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
South Jersey Times
The Jersey Journal
Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
NJ.com Sections
N.J. News
Local News
N.J. Politics
Sports
High School Sports
Entertainment
Food & Recipes
Events
Business
Opinion
Jersey's Best
Legal Notices
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Special Sections
Local Life
Contribute to NJ.com
Submit an event
Follow Us
YouTube
Facebook
RSS
Twitter
Instagram
More on NJ.com
Place an ad
Sell your car
Post a job
Sell/rent your home
Apartments & rentals
Weather
Site map
Sponsor Content
Search
NJ.com Store
Archives
Newspaper stories and photos
Learn more about our newspapers
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
The Jersey Journal
South Jersey Times
Hunterdon County Democrat
Mobile
iPhone, Android apps
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nj.com/sports/2024/06/brazil-vs-mexico-free-live-stream-6824-watch-international-friendly-soccer-match-online-time-tv-channel.html 
 ----- 
