Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
SPORTS
Brazil vs. Mexico (6/8/2024): Time, TV channel, how to watch men’s international soccer friendly
Updated: Jun. 08, 2024, 3:00 p.m.|Published: Jun. 08, 2024, 3:00 p.m.

Argentina's Claudio Echeverri, center, battles for the ball between Brazil's Joao Henrique, left, and Vitor Reis, right, during their FIFA U-17 World Cup quarterfinal soccer match at Jakarta international Stadium in Jakarta, Indonesia, Friday, Nov. 24, 2023. An attacking midfielder, Echeverri helped Argentina reach the semifinals of the U17 World Cup and could be one of the star players at the Olympics. (AP Photo/Achmad Ibrahim, FIle)AP Photo/Achmad Ibrahim, FIle

By Ben Axelson | baxelson@syracuse.com

The Mexico and Brazil Men’s National Teams clash in College Station, Texas, for an international friendly soccer match at Kyle Field on Saturday, June 8 (6/8/2024).

STREAM: International soccer on fuboTV (free trial).

0:00
/
1:46
Keep Watching
No.1 Sabalenka says Siwatek rivalry 'more chill' after pair become closer in off-seasonNo.1 Sabalenka says Siwatek rivalry 'more chill' after pair become closer in off-season

It’s the first of two friendlies Brazil has lined up against potential opponents in the Copa America, which starts later in June, and the 2024 Paris Olympics in July. Brazil drew 3-3 with Spain last time out in March, with a late (90′+6) equalizer from Lucas Paqueta.

Mexico already played the first of its pre-Copa friendlies against Bolivia and Uruguay in the past two weeks. They beat Bolivia 1-0, but took a 0-4 thrashing by the Uruguayans on Wednesday. Brazil is 3-1-1 across its last five games against Mexico, but the two international sides have not clashed since 2019.

Here’s what you need to know to watch:

Who: Brazil vs. Mexico men’s national teams

What: International Men’s Soccer Friendly

When: Saturday, June 8, 2024

Where: Kyle Field, College Station, Texas

Time: 9 p.m. ET

TV: TUDN, FOX Deportes, Univision

Channel finder: Verizon Fios, Xfinity, Spectrum, Optimum/Altice, Cox, DirecTV

Live stream: fuboTV (free trial), DirecTV Stream (free trial)

Here’s the upcoming schedule of Brazil games:

Saturday, 6/8, Brazil vs. Mexico, 9 p.m. ET
Wednesday, 6/12, Brazil vs. USMNT, 7 p.m. ET
Monday, 6/24, Brazil vs. Costa Rica (Copa America), 9 p.m. ET
Friday, 6/28, Brazil vs. Paraguay (Copa America), 9 p.m. ET
Tuesday, 7/2, Brazil vs. Colombia (Copa America), 9 p.m. ET

Can I bet on the game?

Yes, you can bet on the game from your phone in New York State, and we’ve compiled some of the best introductory offers to help navigate your first bets from BetMGM, FanDuel, DraftKings, Bet365 and more.

Brazil is -185 to win, according to DraftKings.

NEW USERS
TOP OFFER
Bet $5, Get $150 in Bonus Bets
Claim Now
T&C’s apply.
How to claim
21+ and physically present in NY. For help with a gambling problem call 1-877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369).

Here’s a recent international soccer story, via The AP:

A roadmap to follow for men’s soccer during the Paris Olympics:

Athletes to Watch

—Bradley Barcola, France: One of France’s rising stars, Barcola joined Paris Saint-Germain last year as part of the club’s push for young, homegrown talent following the departures of icons like Lionel Messi and Neymar. Kylian Mbappe’s exit this year should provide more room for the forward to establish himself as one of PSG’s biggest talents. The Olympics is an opportunity to showcase his ability to a wider audience.

—Kevin Paredes, United States: USA’s young player of the year in 2023 is gaining attention and has joined the likes of Vinicius Junior and Kevin De Bruyne by signing with Jay-Z’s Roc Nation sports agency. Capable of playing at left back or as a winger, the Wolfsburg player already has broken through to the United States’ senior national team.

—Claudio Echeverri, Argentina: The 18-year-old Echeverri’s potential already has been spotted by Manchester City, and he will complete a move to the Premier League team ahead of next season. An attacking midfielder, he helped Argentina reach the semifinals of the U17 World Cup and could be one of the star players at the Olympics.

Storylines to Follow

—The U.S. men’s national team is back at the Games for the first time since 2008. The Americans benefited from soccer’s regional governing body CONCACAF deciding to make the 2022 edition of its Under-20 Championship a qualifying event for the Olympics. The U.S. won it for a third time in a row to book its place for Paris. It faces host nation France in its opening game of the tournament.

—Israel has waited even longer to make a return to the Games, having been absent since 1976. While that is a cause for celebration for the national team, there already have been calls from protestors in France for Israel’s participation to be limited because of the war in Gaza.

—World champion Argentina can add to a glorious era of success by winning gold in Paris. Argentina beat Brazil 1-0 in the 2021 Copa America final, and then won the World Cup a year later in Qatar. Argentina defends the Copa America in the United States before the Games begin — but Olympic gold would complete the set over a spectacular three-year period.

—The Olympics has produced unlikely gold medalists in men’s soccer such as Nigeria and Cameroon. Will there be another surprise package in Paris? Perhaps Morocco, which finished a surprising fourth at the 2022 World Cup, will go on another run.

Key Dates

The tournament begins on July 24, with France taking on the United States and Argentina facing Morocco in the biggest games of the day. The final is on Aug. 9 at Parc des Princes in Paris.

Reigning Champion

Brazil (Did not qualify).

WATCH YOUR FAVORITE TEAMS
Syracuse basketball TV schedule 2024-25: Where to watch live streams of Orange basketball
Where to watch MSG Network without cable in 2024
Best WNBA Finals streaming options: How to watch Liberty vs. Lynx, Sabrina Ionescu live for FREE
MLB World Series 2024 results: Dodgers beat Yankees in 5 games, more postseason scores
NFL Slimetime 2024 on Nickelodeon: How to watch season premiere with Nate Burleson for free

What is fuboTV?

FuboTV is a live TV streaming service focused on live sports, including U.S. and international soccer, the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL and more. It also includes its own fubo Sports Networks with exclusive programming, and 35 regional sports networks such as MSG and YES Network. fuboTV carries 55,000 live sporting events annually, and offers 150 channels starting at $79.99, including 1,000 hours of DVR, and streams on most devices. Right now you can try fuboTV free for 7 days.


If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About Us
Photo and Page Reprints
Advertise with us
Jobs at Advance Media New York
Contact Us
Newspaper Archives
Frequently Asked Questions
Accessibility Statement
Submit letter, commentary
Subscriptions
syracuse.com
syracuse.com Orange Sports Insider
The Post-Standard
Email Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
syracuse.com Sections
News
Weather
Business
Sports
High School Sports
Betting
Entertainment
Living
Opinion
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Mobile
Tablet Apps
iPhone, Android apps
More on syracuse.com
Videos
Sitemap
Sponsor Content
Archives
Sell your car
Post a job
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Follow Us
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.syracuse.com/sports/2024/06/brazil-vs-mexico-682024-time-tv-channel-how-to-watch-mens-international-soccer-friendly.html 
 ----- 
