Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 Soccer
News
Scores/Schedule
Premier League
MLS
NWSL
Concacaf
Champions League
Liga MX Apertura
Liga MX Clausura
Bundesliga
Serie A
LALIGA
Ligue 1
The Cooligans
World Cup
…
Big NFL Saturday on tap
Burnes to D-backs on $210M deal
Browns restructure Watson contract
Greg Gumbel dies at 78
Bowl schedule and results
If you buy something through a link in this article, we may earn commission. Pricing and availability subject to change.
Copa America 2024 semifinals: How to watch the Argentina vs. Canada game tonight
Danica Creahan
Streaming Editor
Tue, Jul 9, 2024
Lionel Messi and Argentina play Canada tonight in the Copa America 2024 semifinals. (AP Photo/Julia Nikhinson)

The Copa America 2024 soccer — or football — tournament continues tonight with Argentina vs. Canada. This tournament marks Lionel Messi's record 35th appearance, and Argentina is widely favored in the 2024 Copa America overall — and in tonight's match. Here’s everything you need to know about the Copa America tournament, including how to watch tonight's Argentina vs. Canada game, the broadcast schedule, where to watch matches for free and more.

Looking for ways to watch the UEFA Euro 2024? We've got you covered there, too.

Copa America 2024: How to watch the Argentina vs. Canada game
Watch every Euro 2024 match
Fubo
Try free at Fubo

Dates: Tuesday, July 9

Time: 8 p.m. ET

Location: MetLife Stadium

TV channel: FS1

Streaming: Fubo, DirecTV, VPN

When does Argentina play in the Copa America 2024 tournament?

The Copa America continues this Tuesday with Canada vs. Argentina playing in the semifinals at 8 p.m. ET.

What channel is the Canada vs. Argentina game on?

Canada plays Argentina in a 2024 Copa match tonight on FS1. 2024 Copa America matches will air across FOX networks FOX, FOX Sports 1 (FS1) and FOX Sports 2 (FS2).

How to watch the Canada vs. Argentina game without cable:

(Fubo)

Watch FOX, FS1 and FS2
Fubo Pro

Fubo TV will get you access to FOX and FS1. Plus, Fubo is the best way to watch the Euro 2024 matches in the US. Fubo will also get you at least another 190 other live channels. So if you're a sports fan looking for one simple subscription, Fubo might be it for you. Fubo subscribers also get 1000 hours of cloud DVR storage. The platform offers a free trial period, so you can stream the start of the Copa America 2024 tournament totally free.

Try free at Fubo
Watch FOX, FS1, FS2*
DirecTV Ultimate
Try free at DirecTV
Watch FOX, FS1, FS2
YouTube TV
Try free at YouTube
Who is left in the Copa America?

Argentina

Canada

Colombia

Uruguay

Copa America 2024 key dates:

Semifinals: July 9-10, 2024

Third Place: July 13, 2024

Final: July 14, 2024

Copa America 2024 quarterfinals schedule:

All times Eastern

Tuesday, July 9

Argentina vs. Canada: 8 p.m. ET (FS1)

Wednesday, July 10

Colombia vs. Uruguay: 8 p.m. ET (FS1)

More ways to watch the Copa 2024 tournament:
Watch FOX, FS1
Sling TV Blue
$22.50 for your first month at Sling
Watch FOX, FS1
Hulu + Live TV
$76.99/month at Hulu
Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
LB Shaquil Barrett returns to Buccaneers five months after surprise retirement

Barrett had been on the Dolphins' reserve/retired list until he was waived this week

3m ago
Yahoo Sports
Corbin Burnes agrees to $210M contract with Diamondbacks

Corbin Burnes has been one of the best pitchers in MLB over the past five seasons.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Kings' firing of Mike Brown ripped by Nuggets coach Michael Malone: 'No class, no balls'

Brown getting fired brought back painful memories for Malone, who was fired by the Kings in 2015.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns restructure Deshaun Watson's contract for 3rd time in 3 seasons

Watson is set to carry cap hits of $72.9 million for both the 2025 and 2026 seasons.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Scottie Scheffler to miss PGA Tour's season-opening tournament after puncturing hand while preparing Christmas dinner

Scheffler is expected to be out for three to four weeks after requiring surgery to treat the injury.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Eagles rule out QB Jalen Hurts vs. Cowboys due to concussion

Hurts has not practiced this week after being in concussion protocol following a tackle in Sunday's loss to the Commanders.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Eric Dickerson isn't rooting for Saquon Barkley to break his single-season rushing record: 'Absolutely not'

Even if Barkley doesn't catch Dickerson, he can still become the ninth running back to get 2,000 yards in a season.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Is Caleb Williams even capable of leading a NFL offense? and Minnesota’s QB conundrum | Inside Coverage

Jason Fitz, Charles Robinson & Frank Schwab break down the Thursday Night Football game between the Seattle Seahawks and the Chicago Bears, discuss Minnesota's QB options with Sam Darnold and J.J. McCarthy and react to Aaron Rodgers' comments about the New York Jets being 'professional.'

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Weather to keep planes carrying protest banners away from Giants' home finale at MetLife Stadium

The Giants could be the first NFL team to finish 0-9 at home if they lose to the Colts in Week 17.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports and HOMAGE partner on the perfect gear to honor your fantasy football league’s champ (and loser)

Fantasy football managers can celebrate (or mourn) their seasons with the signature Yahoo Fantasy Collection from HOMAGE.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
3 Week 17 games that will determine fantasy football championships

With fantasy football championships on the line in most leagues, Matt Harmon outlines the three matchups most likely to determine winners and losers.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA trade season: Breaking down the Southwest Division landscape

Let's take a look at which teams are in need of making a move, and how they should approach the trade deadline.

22h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: 6 players who could help win you a championship in Week 17

The Yahoo Fantasy team gives its most steadfast predictions for fantasy championship week.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football Week 17 Start 'Em, Sit 'Em

Set your Championship Week lineups with start/sit advice from every game on the Saturday and Sunday slate in Week 17.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Stakes are high when rookies Jayden Daniels, Michael Penix Jr. meet for the 1st time in crucial NFL Sunday night matchup

Plus, if you want a little extra personnel drama, this marks the first time that Washington’s Dan Quinn will face Atlanta as a head coach since the Falcons fired him in 2018.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bears interim coach says there was 'no confusion' in timeout-wasting sequence: 'I just changed my mind'

Even by Bears standards, this loss to the Seahawks was a frustrating one.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Week 17 preview: Penix-Daniels shootout? Bengals last stand? Packers-Vikings bonanza? | Yahoo Fantasy Forecast

If you've made it to title weekend, congratulations. It all comes down to this. Welcome to our weekend preview show where we get you ready with everything you need to know heading into Saturday, Sunday and Monday's action. Andy Behrens joins Matt Harmon to share 4 burning fantasy questions he wants answered in Week 17. Behrens also shares the four matchups he has his eye on in Week 17 that will have the most fantasy ramifications.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Mookie Betts is still heated about those Yankees fans who interfered with him in World Series: 'F*** you guys'

Betts provided a profane footnote to the most bizarre moment of the 2024 World Series.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Seahawks-Bears: Seattle keeps playoff hopes alive with 6-3 win over Chicago in one of NFL's worst games of 2024 season

Anyone watching Thursday night’s game knows that neither team can be pleased with what they saw from their quarterback.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA sees 84% jump in Christmas ratings, best numbers in 5 years despite NFL competition

The NBA had a very good Christmas, at least by recent standards.

2d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/copa-america-2024-semifinals-how-to-watch-the-argentina-vs-canada-game-tonight-131523926.html 
 ----- 
