Skip to content
Subscribe Now
25°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESNews
Corbin Carroll homers twice off Austin Gomber as Rockies lose series finale 9-4 to Diamondbacks
With nine games to go, the Rockies need four wins to avoid consecutive 100-loss seasons.
Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Austin Gomber reacts after giving up back-to-back home runs to Arizona Diamondbacks’ Corbin Carroll and Randal Grichuk in the second inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
By BENNETT DURANDO | bdurando@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 18, 2024 at 5:20 PM MST

Before the Rockies’ relievers could even settle into their seats beyond the right-field wall, Corbin Carroll jolted them awake.

Carroll’s 438-foot blast on Austin Gomber’s seventh pitch Wednesday ricocheted off the second-deck facade and landed in the home bullpen, setting the tone for Gomber’s disappointing start, the bullpen’s long afternoon and the Rockies’ 9-4 loss to the Diamondbacks.

“Threw a lot of stuff in the middle of the plate,” Gomber said. “The scouting report is most definitely not: ‘Throw stuff in the middle of the plate.’ I’ve done a really good job of that for I feel like the better part of two months now, and today that wasn’t the case.”

Arizona (84-68) avoided what would have been a devastating sweep in the heat of the National League wild-card race, but the Rockies (59-94) will still fly to Los Angeles with three series wins in their last four against formidable competition. They’re off Thursday before starting a weekend set at Dodger Stadium — their last road series of the season.

That means a necessary breather for a bullpen that was asked to carry Colorado across the finish line for 21 outs in a sleepy Coors Field matinee. Through two innings, Carroll had two home runs and the Rockies had zero baserunners. Gomber’s streak of six consecutive starts pitching six or more innings was over. He allowed six runs (five earned), six hits and three homers in the losing decision.

“Too many pitches up, and just from my eye, his stuff was just not crisp,” manager Bud Black said.

But his supporting cast answered the early call with impressive, if meaningless, fortitude. Jeff Criswell, Victor Vodnik and Anthony Molina strung together six scoreless frames, before Tyler Kinley gave up three in garbage time. By then, the week-day crowd was emitting more decibels for out-of-play pop-ups than for anything happening on the diamond.

Five innings had passed since the snoozefest’s only thrilling moment: Rockies left fielder Sam Hilliard unleashing a pinpoint throw — no margin for error, no hops — to nab Pavin Smith at the plate on an Arizona single. Catcher Hunter Goodman didn’t even need to move his glove to apply the tag.

“Sam has reemerged and really put together a pretty nice year,” Black said. “Good throw today. Some big swings with the bat for us the last few weeks. … Every player wants to, when they get an opportunity, to still prove to the baseball world that they’re a player, and that’s where Sam is right now. So it’s really good to see.”

Out-lasting Gomber on the mound was Eduardo Rodriguez, who delivered his longest start of the season. He pitched into the seventh and struck out 11, also a season-high for the lefty.

“All the young guys (in the bullpen) are doing a fantastic job,” Gomber said, “so it’s just frustrating to not give us a chance early.”

Shortstop Ezequiel Tovar drove in two runs with a third-inning single, bringing him to 72 RBIs on the season. But an inning that gave off strong hints of a dramatic comeback soon amounted to nothing. Michael Toglia struck out swinging to strand men at second and third, and the Rockies couldn’t move another runner into scoring position until the ninth.

As an overall successful home stand wraps up, they’re four wins away from avoiding consecutive 100-loss seasons with nine games to go. Six of those, however, are against the Dodgers, a team that might still have something to play for when they visit Coors for the final weekend.

“I think with the exception of the start today, the pitching’s been pretty solid (recently),” Black said. “Especially out of the bullpen. … I think our defense has been solid. We’ve gotten some timely hitting. We still have to hit a little bit more. Our offense is not where it needs to be moving forward, but collectively I think the pitching staff has sorta hung in there, and we’ve had some guys still swinging the bat.”

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Brenton Doyle knee injury

Rockies center fielder Brenton Doyle didn’t appear in the on-deck circle for a would-be plate appearance in the ninth inning after aggravating his left knee on a sliding catch.

“The knee was a little sore after that catch, so we’ll evaluate it right now, and then we’ll get to Los Angeles and see about Friday night,” Black said. “But he’s been battling that knee all year. There’s been a couple times when I haven’t put him in the lineup because of the knee. So we’ll see how it is.”

Doyle has put together an encouraging second season in the majors, batting .262 with 22 homers and 29 stolen bases.

“He plays hard, and he’s a little bit banged up, but that’s part of playing 162 and being an everyday player,” Black said. “Hopefully just some treatment here after the game, and then the day off tomorrow and then more treatment Friday afternoon.”

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

The Rockies are off Thursday before heading to Los Angeles for their final road series of the season.

Pitching probables

Friday: Rockies LHP Kyle Freeland (5-7, 4.89 ERA) at Dodgers RHP Walker Buehler (1-5, 5.54), 8:10 p.m.

Saturday: Rockies RHP Cal Quantrill (8-10, 4.68) at Dodgers TBA, 7:10 p.m.

Sunday: Rockies RHP Antonio Senzatela (0-0, 6.00) at Dodgers TBA, 2:10 p.m.

Originally Published: September 18, 2024 at 3:53 PM MST
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Ribili
Why Hgtv Star Christina Hall Loves This 1-day Bath Remodel
Smart Lifestyle Trends
The Bra Designed by a 70-year-old Grandma is Taking Iowa by Storm!
Dotmalls
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Experts Reveal Best Roof Type for Iowa Homes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
Move Your IRA to Gold? This IRS "Cheat Code" is Sweeping the US
Birch Gold Group
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
Always Put a Crayon in Your Wallet When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Americans Doing This to Hedge Against Inflation
American Hartford Gold
Iowa Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy Is Sweeping Iowa
Rechol
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Intrigued!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
This Joint Pain Method Leaves Doctors Speechless - Watch
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Surprising Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Shocked!
Immunotherapy Treatment
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
Heart Surgeon: Anyone Over 45 Should Do This Daily
WellnessGaze Heart
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
8 Top Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Warning Signals That You Have Myelodysplasia Syndrome! (Learn More)
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
15 Most Unhealthy Breakfast Foods to Avoid in the Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Insomnia: Can't Sleep? Try This Immediately
WG Sleep Health
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
The 10 Most Harmful Dinner Foods You Need to Stop Eating
HEALTH NATURAL
Greta Thunberg's House Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pics
Health Week
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
National Western Stock Show kick-off parade delayed for snow
National Western Stock Show kick-off parade delayed for snow
Denver Stockyard Saloon, cornerstone of National Western complex, closing its doors
Denver Stockyard Saloon, cornerstone of National Western complex, closing its doors
Teenage girl killed in Aurora home invasion ID’d, death still under investigation
Teenage girl killed in Aurora home invasion ID'd, death still under investigation
Rare Krugerrand gold coin found in Salvation Army red kettle
Rare Krugerrand gold coin found in Salvation Army red kettle
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Colorado Democratic lawmakers introduce priority bills on high-powered gun limits, voting rights, union elections
Colorado Democratic lawmakers introduce priority bills on high-powered gun limits, voting rights, union elections
Colorado snow totals for Jan. 9, 2025
Colorado snow totals for Jan. 9, 2025
Gov. Jared Polis offers open-minded approach on Trump, except when agenda “hurts our people”
Gov. Jared Polis offers open-minded approach on Trump, except when agenda "hurts our people"
DPS board members express frustration after John Youngquist accused them of violating open meetings law
DPS board members express frustration after John Youngquist accused them of violating open meetings law
Asking Eric: Friends are trying to keep adult daughter’s boyfriend out of the picture
Asking Eric: Friends are trying to keep adult daughter’s boyfriend out of the picture
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
2024
September
18
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/18/rockies-diamondbacks-corbin-carroll-2-home-runs/ 
 ----- 
