Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Barcelona beat Real Madrid
NFL playoff
Maha Kumbh Mela
Australian Open 2025
SPORTS
Quintana gets 100th win as Mets blank Reds 4-0 for 9th straight victory
1 of 12 |  

New York Mets’ Jose Quintana pitches during the third inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

2 of 12 |  

New York Mets pitcher Jose Quintana reacts while walking to the dugout after being taken out of the game during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

3 of 12 |  

New York Mets designated hitter J.D. Martinez hits a two-run double during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

4 of 12 |  

New York Mets’ Pete Alonso scores a run past Cincinnati Reds pitcher Carson Spiers (68) during the sixth inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

5 of 12 |  

New York Mets’ Pete Alonso celebrates with teammates after scoring a run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

6 of 12 |  

New York Mets pitcher Edwin Diaz and catcher Francisco Alvarez celebrate as Cincinnati Reds’ Tyler Stephenson runs in the background after the Mets won 4-0 in a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in New York. AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

7 of 12 |  

Cincinnati Reds’ Elly De La Cruz reacts after being called out on strikes during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the New York Mets ,Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

8 of 12 |  

New York Mets’ Harrison Bader hits a home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

9 of 12 |  

New York Mets second baseman Jose Iglesias gets the force out on Cincinnati Reds’ Jake Fraley (27) and turns the double play on Jonathan India during the third inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

10 of 12 |  

Cincinnati Reds’ Sam Moll pitches during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the New York Mets, Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

11 of 12 |  

Cincinnati Reds pitcher Sam Moll reacts after giving up a home run to New York Mets’ Harrison Bader during the sixth inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

12 of 12 |  

Cincinnati Reds’ Jakob Junis pitches during the first inning of a baseball game against the New York Mets, Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

BY  JERRY BEACH
Updated 2:16 AM UTC, September 8, 2024
Share

NEW YORK (AP) — Jose Quintana earned his 100th career win with 6 2/3 sharp innings as the surging New York Mets extended their longest winning streak in more than six years Saturday with a 4-0 victory over the Cincinnati Reds.

A slumping Harrison Bader homered to spark a four-run sixth for the Mets, who have won nine straight games for the first time since April 2018.

“I didn’t realize it was nine straight — that’s awesome,” Bader said. “I think that’s kind of where we’re at, just so zoomed in and just so focused. Once it’s done, it’s on to the next.”

New York moved a game ahead of rival Atlanta for the final NL playoff berth, a half-game behind Arizona for the league’s second wild card. The Mets haven’t trailed in their last 72 innings since Aug. 30 — the longest streak in the majors this season.

Bader was mired in skids of 0 for 15 and 2 for 43 before connecting off Sam Moll (3-2) in the sixth. It was Bader’s 11th home run of the year, and first to the opposite field.

Bader extended his arms wide and pointed toward right field as he rounded the bases.

“Obviously, it’s been a tough sample size here for me individually,” Bader said. “I think it was certainly a second of just relief, because at the end of the day, it just comes down to just wanting to produce so intently for your team, you know what I mean? Especially what we’ve got going on here, with playing meaningful baseball in September.”

RELATED STORIES
Mets and RHP Frankie Montas finalize $34 million, 2-year contract
Mets add Montas to their rotation with a $34 million, 2-year contract, AP source says
Mets and pitcher Sean Manaea finalize $75 million, 3-year deal

Pete Alonso hit a one-out RBI single and J.D. Martinez laced a two-run double with two outs. New York has outscored its opponents 44-16 during the winning streak.

Francisco Lindor’s career-high 16-game hitting streak ended as he went 0 for 3, but his sixth-inning walk pushed his on-base streak to 35 games, the longest active run in the majors and the longest single-season streak in Mets history.

Quintana (8-9) allowed five hits and struck out six in becoming the 19th active pitcher to reach 100 wins.

“Nowadays, where guys are coming out and throwing as hard as they can and spinning as hard as they can, this guy’s pitching,” Mets manager Carlos Mendoza said. “He’s got to locate, he’s got to mix pitches, he’s got to change speeds — old-school type, if you want to call it, and he continues to do it.”

Quintana, the first native of Colombia to win 100 major league games, threw exactly 100 pitches and has a 0.50 ERA in his last three starts.

“I have a lot of emotions,” Quintana said. “Means a lot. I can’t wait to see my family and say thank you for all the support they’ve given me.”

Adam Ottavino, Danny Young and Edwin Díaz completed the six-hitter for New York’s seventh shutout this season — all since July 11.

Jakob Junis, making his second start for the Reds since he was acquired from Milwaukee on July 30, allowed one hit — a fifth-inning double by Jose Iglesias — over five innings. It was Junis’ longest big league appearance since he threw 5 1/3 innings of relief for San Francisco on Sept. 25, 2022.

Junis has a 3.24 ERA in 11 appearances for Cincinnati and a 2.82 ERA in 21 games overall.

“He can pitch,” Reds manager David Bell said. “Did a lot with his slider today. He’s got a good sinker-slider, but he mixes in a four-seam fastball to keep guys honest. He’s pitched really well for us.”

The start of the game was delayed 66 minutes by rain.

IT TAKES TWO

The Mets’ new double-play combination of Iglesias and Lindor turned a pair of impressive double plays. Iglesias, who will be the Mets’ everyday second baseman going forward with Jeff McNeil sidelined, made a diving stop to rob Ty France of a hit to begin a 4-6-3 double play in the second. Lindor started a 6-4-3 double play by ranging into the hole on Jonathan India’s grounder in the third.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Reds: RHP Hunter Greene (right elbow) could return to the active roster after two live batting practice sessions, the first of which is scheduled for Tuesday. … LHP Andrew Abbott (shoulder) is continuing to throw in hopes of returning to Cincinnati’s rotation before the season ends.

Mets: McNeil (right wrist) will miss the rest of the regular season after an MRI revealed a small fracture. He was hit by a 74 mph curveball from Brandon Williamson on Friday night. McNeil isn’t expected to need surgery. He and Mendoza said it was possible McNeil could return in October if the Mets make a deep playoff run. He will be placed on the injured list Sunday. … RHP Kodai Senga (left calf strain) threw his second bullpen.

UP NEXT

The three-game series concludes Sunday, when Mets RHP Luis Severino (10-6, 3.84 ERA) opposes Reds RHP Julian Aguiar (1-0, 6.48).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A Mississippi police officer has been suspended without pay...
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Fired US Center for SafeSport investigator arrested on new...
Canada's former leader Chrétie n has blunt advice for Trump:...
Germany calls a Russian oil tanker adrift in the Baltic Sea ...
Down 32, Pitt women tie NCAA Division I women's comeback...
Pittsburgh women’s coach Tory Verdi had a simple second-half message Sunday fo...
AP News
Shadow fleet of tankers keeps Russia's oil money flowing des...
The Group of Seven democracies have sought to crimp Russia’s oil export...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Easier Diabetes Manag ement with Dexcom G7
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle ?
From childhood toy to adult pastime, jigsaw puzzles are one of America's most...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read Now
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
Find out how LifeMD can improve your sleep. Easy prescription solutions that he...
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates historical...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
Trump tax cuts, if made perman ent, stand to benefit highest...
At the very top of Republicans’ 100-day agenda with President-elect Donald...
AP News
Florida man convicted of killing couple set to die in state's first...
A Florida man convicted of murdering a husband and wife during a fishing trip in...
AP News
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
States are preparing to help or thwart Trump's second-term...
As President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office, many elected officials in...
AP News
Paris accuses Algeria of trying to humiliate France by refusing to...
French Interior Minister Bruno Retailleau has accused Algeria of “trying to humiliat...
AP News
Put 2025 In Its Place
YETI
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
The New Chevy Silver ado 1500 2024 Is Utter Perfection - See The...
SeekerHub Chevy Silverado 1500
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smallest and Most Accurate CGM
Dexcom:Advertisement
Pay No Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet:Advertisement
Get Offer
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle?
Puzzloom:Advertisement
Read More
Empty Cruises Departing From South Carolina That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Top Searcher Now:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/mets-reds-score-quintana-3951c1f2afb2e0435a467ffcb4d3871c 
 ----- 
