MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL
Everything to know about FOX Saturday Baseball: Twins-Royals, White Sox-Red Sox
Updated Sep. 6, 2024 10:56 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK

FOX is home to a pair of MLB games with playoff hopefuls this Saturday.

The Minnesota Twins and Kansas City Royals meet up as the two teams jockey for position in the AL wild-card race while hoping to keep their odds of winning the division alive. Simultaneously, the Boston Red Sox host the Chicago White Sox at Fenway Park.

Here's everything you need to know about this weekend's slate!

Minnesota
Twins
2
FINAL
4
Kansas City
Royals
KC +116 UNDER 8
ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Twins at Royals (7:15 p.m. ET on FOX and the FOX Sports app)
Probable starters: Bailey Ober (3.95 ERA) vs. Alec Marsh (4.70 ERA)

Minnesota has quietly been among the top teams in baseball all season long, entering the weekend holding one of the American League's three wild-card spots. The Twins rank in the top 10 offensively in many categories, though they've had some struggles of late with Carlos Correa and Byron Buxton still on the injured list. Pablo López has been one of the best pitchers in baseball since the All-Star break, recording a 1.71 ERA in August. Ober was solid in his last outing, allowing just one run over six innings against the Toronto Blue Jays. 

Kansas City surged up the standings in August to briefly take the lead in the AL Central, but has since cooled off. Still, the Royals are positioned to make the postseason, also holding one of the wild-card spots in the American League. Bobby Witt Jr. has been the biggest reason, leading the American League in batting average as he nears another 30/30 season. The Royals have gotten solid production out of a few arms in their rotation, though Marsh has been pretty shaky. 

Chicago
White Sox
5
FINAL
7
Boston
Red Sox
BOS -208 OVER 8.5

White Sox at Red Sox (7:15 p.m. ET on FOX and the FOX Sports app)
Probable starters: Garrett Crochet, Chicago (3.61 ERA) vs. Cooper Criswell, Boston (4.14 ERA)

Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
NFL AFC, NFC Championship odds: Chiefs, Lions favored; Eagles chasing
Wild Card Weekend is nearly complete. Check out the latest odds for which teams are favored to represent each conference in the Super Bowl.
What’s my car worth? Take a look here (you might be surprised)
find out the value in a few clicks of cars and motorcycles
Cars Value|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Bill McCartney, who coached Colorado football to only national title, dies at 84
Bill McCartney, a three-time coach of the year in the Big Eight Conference who led Colorado to its only football national championship in 1990, has died. He w...

Chicago has had a miserable 2024 season and is on track to break the New York Mets' record for most losses in a single season (120 in 1962). The White Sox's struggles have continued with interim manager Grady Sizemore, going 3-20 since he's taken over. Crochet, however, has been one of the better pitchers in baseball this year, surprising in his first full season as a starter. With the All-Star taking the bump on Saturday, maybe the White Sox can take a step closer to avoid being on the wrong side of history.

Boston has been in the playoff mix for much of the season yet enter the weekend on a five-game losing streak. A three-game set against the White Sox could help them get back on track, as Rafael Devers and Jarren Duran headline one of the best lineups in baseball.

Now, check out some pregame reading from across MLB courtesy of FOXSports.com!

Eric Karros' Top 5 World Series Contenders for the MLB 2024 Season

MLB Roundtable: Deesha Thosar and Rowan Kavner answer five burning questions, including where Juan Soto will sign, the AL East winner, the NL wild-card race, NL ROY and pitching X-factors this September.

Where is Jasson Domínguez?! The New York Yankees did not call up the switch-hitting top prospect when rosters expanded to 28 at the beginning of September, a decision Thosar openly questioned. 

Shohei Ohtani or Francisco Lindor? Hall of Famer John Smoltz weighs in on several topics in his latest weekly interview with Kavner, including NL MVP, MLB's best team, what current player he'd start a franchise with and the closest postseason races. 

Rookie Power Rankings: A three-way race has emerged for NL Rookie of the Year entering September, while the AL award is also up for grabs. So, who are the front-runners? Kavner delivers his latest top 10.

Why Shohei Ohtani made the right move: Ohtani is playing meaningful games in September for the first time in his career, and, as Kavner illuminates, this week's reunion with the Angels only reinforced why he had to sign with the Dodgers.

Power Rankings: Where do the best teams stand as the final month of the regular season begins? Ben Verlander offers his latest top 10.

Want more betting angles? The Dodgers are still the betting favorites to win the World Series, but which team isn't too far behind them? Here are the latest World Series odds. Meanwhile, Ohtani is still a big favorite to win NL MVP, but Lindor is closing in. Stop by our betting hub for all the latest MLB odds!

[Want great stories delivered right to your inbox? Create or log in to your FOX Sports account, follow leagues, teams and players to receive a personalized newsletter daily.]

FOLLOW
Follow your favorites to personalize your FOX Sports experience
Major League Baseball
SHARE
MLB TRENDING
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Blue Jays sign Jeff Hoffman
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
VIEW MORE
Get more from Major League Baseball
Follow your favorites to get information about games, news and more
FOLLOW
IN THIS TOPIC
Major League Baseball
Minnesota Twins
Kansas City Royals
MLB - Minnesota Twins vs. Kansas City Royals - 09/07/2024
Boston Red Sox
Chicago White Sox
MLB - Chicago White Sox vs. Boston Red Sox - 09/07/2024
Deesha Thosar
Rowan Kavner
John Smoltz
SPONSORED CONTENT
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing...
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
|
Sponsored
Grab Workout Ready Drinkware
Crush your goals, not your gear.
YETI
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing fiduciary advisors.
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly by Address (Take a...
Instant Home Value Lookup
|
Sponsored
2024 Family SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
New Small SUV's Will Leave You Speechless (See Pricing)
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value Of Your House Instantly (Take a Look)
Discover your home's true value instantly with our easy-to-use calculator. Get a quick and accurate...
Home Value Free Calculator | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Levels in US
Sugar Reverse
|
Sponsored
Learn More
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/stories/mlb/everything-to-know-about-fox-saturday-baseball 
 ----- 
