Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
J-Ram keeping his foot on the gas with division title in sight
Share
J-Ram keeping his foot on the gas with division title in sight
Cleveland stands 1 win away from 12th AL Central title in club history
September 21st, 2024

Mandy Bell

@MandyBell02
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

ST. LOUIS -- José Ramírez’s mindset is simple: It’s not time to take the foot off the gas pedal just yet.

Complete coverage: Guardians’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

When a team’s best player has that mentality 24 hours after celebrating a postseason berth, it’s hard for it not to trickle down to the rest of the team. And in the off-chance anyone was ready to take a day off, Ramírez set the tone early, getting the Guardians on the board first on an RBI single and later adding a homer in a 5-1 victory over the Cardinals at Busch Stadium on Friday night.

“It feels good, but we got to keep pushing,” Ramírez said through interpreter Agustin Rivero.

Why? Well, the Guardians know what’s still left to accomplish. With the Royals loss to the Giants on Friday, Cleveland can now clinch the AL Central title with a win on Saturday. After that, the team wants to clinch a first-round bye with one of the top two records of the three AL division winners.

• Postseason FAQ: What's next for Guardians?

That requires a group effort, which this team has mastered over the last week, whether it was come-from-behind victories, walk-off wins or clinching their spot in the playoffs. Each night created a different hero.

This is when Cleveland is at its best. It’s an advantage for the Guardians when they don’t have to lean so heavily on Ramírez to carry the offense every single night. This is what led to the scorching start in the early weeks of the season and it’s now the reason the Guardians are running away with the division.

Related
Guardians avoid arb, lock up Kwan and Thomas for 2025

January 9th, 2025

Who will snag Guardians' No. 5 starter spot?

January 8th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

The 10 rarest, wildest box score lines of 2024

December 30th, 2024

Ramírez, Clase recognized with All-MLB First Team nods

November 15th, 2024

'The complete package': J-Ram has baseball's attention

October 14th, 2024

But every good team needs a leader and Ramírez has been and will always be that guy for the Guardians. When he says it’s not time to take the foot off the accelerator, he’s not only referring to his team, collectively, he’s also talking about his own individual performance.

He wasn’t the one stealing all the headlines over the last few days, but he still carries a quiet 19-game on-base streak. He went 0-for-4 in the playoff-clinching walk-off win on Thursday night, but on Friday, he made sure his team didn’t come out flat-footed.

Cleveland hadn’t gotten a hit until the third inning, when Angel Martínez singled to center after a Daniel Schneemann walk. Ramírez then plopped a single into right field to put the first run on the scoreboard. When he came up again in the fifth, he mashed a solo homer down the right-field line.

“When you watch him play it’s, OK, this guy wants to be the best,” Guardians manager Stephen Vogt said. “Just watching him work, watching him interact with his teammates, watching him push his teammates to get better around him, it just solidifies everything you see [as an opponent]. This is a true pro that plays the game the right way, that works his backside off to be the best he can be.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Suddenly, Ramírez is flirting with a 40/40 season. That blast was his 36th of the year and after he reached base on a single in the seventh, he picked up his 40th steal. He’s just the 13th Cleveland player to steal at least 40 bases in a season and the first since Rajai Davis (43) in 2016.

“It feels good,” Ramírez said of hitting the 40-steal mark, “but it obviously is gonna feel better if I’m able to hit four more homers for the 40/40.”

• The 40-40 club

Ramírez needs four homers in seven games, assuming he plays in each game until the end of the regular season. Is it doable?

“Nothing he does will ever surprise me,” Vogt said. “I wouldn’t be shocked if he gets on a heater and gets it done.”

Ramírez is ready for the next champagne celebration. He’s ready to watch his team accomplish everything that outsiders doubted this club could do. He’s ready to make a run at a 40/40 season. He’s also ready for October baseball. And if Friday night is an indication of what’s to come, it’s clear the foot will not be taken off the gas anytime soon.

“We still have a job to do,” Vogt said. “We have to continue to push all the way through the end. Maybe there will be a day coming up where [Ramírez] gets a chance to take a break but I’m gonna have to fight him on it. That’s who he is. He wants to be in there every day.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians
José Ramírez

Mandy Bell covers the Guardians for MLB.com. Listen to her on the Ballpark Dimensions podcast with Sarah Langs.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

31 minutes ago

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/jose-ramirez-propels-guardians-to-victory-vs-cardinals 
 ----- 
