Skip to content
NOWCAST
Pittsburgh's Action News 4 at 6am
Watch on Demand
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE TO EMAIL
	
10°
WEATHER
BREAKING NEWS: Investigation underway after man is shot in Pitcairn
CLOSINGS There are currently 13 active closings or delays
SEVERE WEATHER There is currently 1 active weather alert
Pittsburgh, PA15219 10°  Fog 
Chance of precipitation
 2%  
1 / 4
Advertisement
De La Cruz steals 100th career base, Reds win 8-3 and assure Pirates 28th losing season in 34 years
Share
  
Updated: 12:18 AM EDT Sep 21, 2024
Infinite Scroll Enabled
By GARY SCHATZ Associated Press
CINCINNATI, OHIO - SEPTEMBER 20: Mitch Keller #23 of the Pittsburgh Pirates pitches during the first inning against the Cincinnati Reds at Great American Ball Park on September 20, 2024 in Cincinnati, Ohio. (Photo by Jason Mowry/Getty Images) SOURCE: Jason Mowry
CINCINNATI (AP) —

Elly De La Cruz joined Vince Coleman and Rickey Henderson to become the third player to steal 100 bases in his first two seasons since the modern rule was adopted in 1898, and the Cincinnati Reds beat Pittsburgh 8-3 on Friday night to assure the Pirates their sixth straight losing season and 28th in 34 years.

Tyler Stephenson tied his career high with five RBIs and Nick Martinez (10-6) won his fourth straight start, allowing two hits in six scoreless innings.

Advertisement

De La Cruz swiped second base in the fifth inning and scored on Stephenson’s single for a 7-0 lead, his 65th stolen base this season. The 22-year-old is hitting .260 with 24 homers and 70 RBIs this year after batting .235 with 13 homers, RBIs and 35 steals in 98 games as a rookie.

“We know he’s fast,” Bell said. “Getting on base is a big part of that. He is going to get better at stealing bases.”

De La Cruz became the first player with 30 homers and 100 steals in his first two seasons.

Last-place Pittsburgh (72-82) has lost six of eight.

Martinez struck out nine, his most since June 11, 2022, and walked none.

“Nick’s been doing it all year for us,” Reds manager David Bell said. “Nick is just elite in everything he does, the way he prepares, the way he executes.”

Stephenson hit a solo homer in the first off Mitch Keller (11-11), a three-run double in a four-run third and a run-scoring single in a three-run fourth as Cincinnati built a 7-0 lead. He has 19 homers and a career high 65 RBIs.

“The last couple games, I've felt like myself again. I'm just trying to drive the ball and stay aggressive,” Stephenson said. “We've seen Keller a lot. He's a good pitcher. I just took advantage of the mistakes he made.”

Jonathan India hit his 15th homer in the fourth.

Keller tied a season high by giving up eight runs along with seven hits and five walks in 3 1/3 innings. He lost his fourth straight losing decision.

“The big thing about Mitch is when he's in attack mode and uses all his pitches, we know he's in a good spot," Pirates manager Derek Shelton said. “We were looking for Mitch to start the series strong.”

Oneil Cruz homered off Brent Suter leading off the seventh and joined Barry Bonds and Andrew McCutchen as the only Pirates 25 or younger to have 20-homer, 20-steal seasons.

Isaac Mattson, a 29-year-old right-hander, retired six straight batters in the seventh and eighth innings of his Pirates debut, his first big league appearance since four games for Baltimore in 2021.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Cincinnati right-hander Hunter Greene is coming of a bruised elbow to start Sunday in his first appearance since Aug. 13. “He will be controlled,” manager David Bell said. “A significant time has passed to just put him out there."

UP NEXT

Pirates RHP Jared Jones (6-7, 3.85 ERA) starts Saturday against Cincinnati RHP Rhett Lowder (1-2, 1.74).

Grandal homers, Gonzales gets an RBI single in the 8th to push Pittsburgh past St. Louis 3-2
TOP PICKS
'Total devastation': Unprecedented wildfires wreak havoc on Los Angeles area
Harrowing escapes from Los Angeles wildfires were made by foot, by car or by the grace of strangers
Notre Dame gets late pick and field goal to beat Penn State
California fire and evacuation maps: See where the LA fires are burning
WTAE PITTSBURGH
  
Contact Us
News Team
Apps & Social
Email Alerts
Careers
Internships
Advertise
Digital Advertising Terms & Conditions
Broadcast Terms & Conditions
RSS
EEO Reports
Captioning Contacts
Public Inspection File
Public File Assistance
FCC Applications
News Policy Statements

Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.

©2025, Hearst Television Inc. on behalf of WTAE-TV.
Privacy Notice
Your California Privacy Rights
Interest-Based Ads
Terms of Use
Site Map
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wtae.com/article/pirates-reds-september-20/62306225 
 ----- 
