Friday, January 10, 2025, 2:46PM |   13°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
4
MORE
Acquired at the deadline, Pirates' Billy Cook and Nick Yorke are enjoying many big-league firsts together
 
NOAH HILES
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
nhiles@post-gazette.com
 SEP 20, 2024 9:30 AM
10

ST. LOUIS — It goes without saying that Pirates fans have had little to cheer for over the past two months.

After buying at this year’s trade deadline, the once competitive club fell apart, melting all the way down to last place in the NL Central.

As the days fly by in September, young players on Derek Shelton’s roster are now looking to show why they should be viewed as potential impact pieces for the 2025 campaign. Leading the charge on that front are Billy Cook and Nick Yorke, a pair of recently acquired rookies who, together, have experienced notable success since arriving at their new organization.

Cook and Yorke have gone through their share of firsts together over the past few months. In late July, both were traded for the first time in their respective careers, Cook coming over from the Orioles and Yorke from the Red Sox. Upon arrival at their new organization, the two quickly became friends.

 
Andrew Destin
‘Very, very disappointing’: Pirates’ Ke’Bryan Hayes reflects on lost season due to back issues

“Billy is awesome,” Yorke told the Post-Gazette last weekend, prior to his big league promotion. “He’s one of the best people I’ve ever met. I played against him last year in Double-A when he was with the Orioles, and I was with the Red Sox. We were talking a little bit when I was playing second when he hit a double. Then, we end up getting traded within a day of each other. He reached out right away.”

“We stick together, maybe a little too much sometimes in the locker room,” Cook said. “But, he's definitely a great guy to hang around. I'm excited to be a teammate with him for a long time."

On Sept. 8, Cook was promoted to the big leagues after just 30 games in Triple-A Indianapolis. After receiving the call about his promotion, it was Yorke who drove him to the airport to pick up his rental car. Just eight days later, Yorke got his call to the show. Waiting to greet him in St. Louis were many new faces, along with one familiar friend.

“He was fortunate he got to do it in front of the home crowd in Pittsburgh, but he was just saying to enjoy the moment, and everything you’ve worked for was for today, making it to the big leagues,” Yorke said Monday. “Just enjoy the moment, don’t try to get too big, don’t let the moment get the best of you and try to enjoy it with your family.”

"It's funny, when they walked onto the field, they walked onto the field together, because they had been teammates,” Shelton added later that day. “It's nice to be able to get these guys up, get them some at-bats and get them around their teammates."

On Tuesday, Yorke tallied his first big league hit, just 11 days after Cook did the same. The following evening, Cook smashed his first major league homer, a three-run shot to right field. On base was Yorke, who came around to score his first major league run.

“That’s very encouraging for us,” Shelton said Wednesday evening. “These are guys we acquired and, we’ve said, we’re going to get a look at over the last 10 days. Both of them had good nights tonight.”

 
Andrew Destin
Mitch Keller’s 2nd-half struggles continue, Pirates secure 6th straight losing season with loss to Reds

With the 2024 season nearly over, Cook and Yorke serve as intriguing roster options heading into the offseason. Acquired at the deadline to provide additional, big-league-ready depth, both have proven to be versatile defenders and, at least in Triple-A, capable hitters. From the beginning, the duo was viewed as a long-term project. And while their focus remains in the present, both are also excited to contribute in the years to come.

“We have a lot of key parts that are gonna fit well next year,” Cook said. “I think you're getting a taste of that right now. The experience that the younger guys can get right now, we're gonna play Milwaukee next week, and they're going to be a team we'll contend with going forward.

“Next year, that's the team to beat: them and the Cardinals. Just making sure that everybody is getting the experience so we're sure that we'll have the vet guys and the young guys, and you won't be able to tell the difference. That's what it takes to be a good team."

First Published: September 20, 2024, 9:30 a.m.
Updated: September 20, 2024, 2:26 p.m.

Noah Hiles covers the Pirates for the Post-Gazette. He previously covered Pitt athletics.
  nhiles@post-gazette.com
  @_NoahHiles
 RELATED
 
Andrew Destin
Pirates’ Jared Triolo reaping benefits of swing tweak, closing out season strong
 
Andrew Destin
Jared Jones labors as rookie season inches to a close; Reds, Elly De La Cruz top Pirates
 
Andrew Destin
Isaac Mattson impresses in Pirates debut, grateful to be back in big leagues
 
Noah Hiles
Pirates Pipeline: How a willingness to learn allowed Bubba Chandler to elevate his game
 
Jason Mackey
Jason Mackey: Inside the September bond formed between Steelers, Pirates at Three Rivers Stadium
 
Noah Hiles
Late heroics from Nick Gonzales allow Pirates to avoid sweep against Cardinals
 
Joe Starkey
Joe Starkey: Bob Nutting’s greatest shame — if he’s capable of shame — should be watching the Milwaukee Brewers
 
Noah Hiles and Andrew Destin
Pirates mailbag: What changes should fans expect to see this offseason?
 
Paul Zeise
Paul Zeise's mailbag: Is Ben Cherington the right person to get the Pirates over the top and into contention?
 
Noah Hiles
After battling through years of adversity, Pirates reliever Isaac Mattson is 'happy to be back at the highest level again'
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
LIFE
Kamins give much more than their name and $65 million to the Carnegie Science Center
NEWS
Pittsburgh Parking Authority considers removing residency requirement for employees amid staffing shortage
NEWS
Pittsburgh to settle some lawsuits for $170K in 2018 bar brawl between Pagans, undercover cops
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: Analyzing James Franklin, Drew Allar and blame game after brutal Penn State loss
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 5:48am  Jason Mackey
2
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' last playoff game in Baltimore had a surreal ending
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 10:30am  Gerry Dulac
3
NEWS
What to know about norovirus as it surges in Allegheny County and beyond
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 9:00am  Hanna Webster
4
SPORTS
Penn State unable to overcome familiar issues in Orange Bowl defeat
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 11:09am  Joel Haas
5
NEWS
'It’s inhumane': Two men charged in brutal 'unprovoked attack' at Aliquippa VFW
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 10:40pm  Megan Guza
AP
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Jason Mackey: Analyzing James Franklin, Drew Allar and blame game after Penn State's CFP loss to Notre Dame
Penn State unable to overcome familiar issues in Orange Bowl defeat
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' last playoff game in Baltimore had a surreal ending
Pitt-Louisville: Cardinals roll into Pittsburgh riding long winning streak
WATCH: Why is there a lack of buzz for Steelers-Ravens?
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/pirates/2024/09/20/pirates-billy-cook-nick-yorke-pittsburgh-mlb-news-rumors-cardinals/stories/202409170102 
 ----- 
