This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Notice
Skip to main content
Open Main Menu Navigation
Open Search
CLOUDY ICON
63º
Go to the WKMG homepage
Sign In
Open the WKMG News 6 & ClickOrlando Help Desk
NEWS
WEATHER
NEWS 6+
GETTING RESULTS.
TRAFFIC
FEATURES
SPORTS
WKMG
NEWSLETTERS
SPORTS
LeBron and Bronny James hoping to make history as NBA's first father-son duo to play together

Associated Press

Published: October 22, 2024 at 10:11 PM
Tags: Sports, Ken Griffey Jr., LeBron James, Bronny James
Full Screen
1 / 14
Previous photo
Next photo
Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James (23) passes to guard Bronny James (9) during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)
Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James (23) blocks a shot attempt by Minnesota Timberwolves forward Jaden McDaniels (3) during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)
Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James, left, and guard Bronny James warm up before an NBA basketball game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)
Los Angeles Lakers guard Bronny James, left, sits with a team member before an NBA basketball game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)
Los Angeles Lakers guard Bronny James warms up before an NBA basketball game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)
Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James (23) guard Bronny James watch play during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)
Los Angeles Lakers guard Bronny James (9) handles the ball during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)
Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James (23) and guard Bronny James (9) stand on the court during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)
Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James (23) and guard Bronny James (9) stand on the court during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)
Minnesota Timberwolves forward Julius Randle (30) works toward the basket as Los Angeles Lakers guard Bronny James, center, and forward Anthony Davis defend during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)
Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James (23) looks to pass to guard Bronny James (9) during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)
Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James guard Bronny James watch play during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)
Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James, left, and guard Bronny James warm up before an NBA basketball game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)
Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James, left, and guard Bronny James warm up before an NBA basketball game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved

Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James (23) passes to guard Bronny James (9) during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, Tuesday, Oct. 22, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Eric Thayer)

BACK TO TOP

TV Listings

Email Newsletters

RSS Feeds

Contests and Rules

Contact Us / Follow on Social Media

Careers at WKMG

Closed Captioning / Audio Description

Public File

Current EEO Report

Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Do Not Sell My Info

FCC Applications

EEO Report

Disability Assistance

Cookie Preferences

FOLLOW US
Visit our YouTube page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Facebook page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Instagram page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our X page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our RSS Feed page (opens in a new tab)
GET RESULTS WITH OMNE

If you need help with the Public File, call (407) 291-6000.

At WKMG, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.

Copyright © 2025 ClickOrlando.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.clickorlando.com/gallery/sports/2024/10/23/lebron-and-bronny-james-hoping-to-make-history-as-nbas-first-father-son-duo-to-play-together/ 
 ----- 
