English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022 Final: Pak vs Eng - Who will win the T20 WC 2022 final between Pakistan and England?

T20 World Cup 2022 Final: Pak vs Eng - Who will win the T20 WC 2022 final between Pakistan and England?
Both the teams had won the title once in the past and will be eager to script history by winning the prestigious title for the second time.

AAKASH SRIVASTAVA
Author

Updated - 11 Nov 2022 04:58 AM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match: England vs Pakistan


Time: 1:30 PM IST


Date: November 13, 2022


Venue: Melbourne Cricket Ground


Ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger App


Preview:


England hammered India in style to set-up a final clash against Pakistan on November 13 (Sunday) at Melbourne Cricket Ground. Both the teams had won the title once in the past and will be eager to script history by winning the prestigious title for the second time.


Pitch Report:


The surface at Melbourne Cricket Ground is a well-balanced venue as it provides lot of balance to both batters and bowlers. A decent bounce and pace will be expected and we can expect a high scoring encounter.


Team Analysis:


Pakistan:


With an all-round performance, Pakistan successfully defeated New Zealand in the first semi-final of the ICC tournament. Pakistan openers were the major concern for the side until Babar Azam (53 off 42) and Md. Rizwan (57 off 43) provided solid foundation to the team in a high-stake game. With openers getting back their momentum, Pakistan seems to be ticking all the boxes before the summit-clash. 

Shadab Khan has emerged as a brilliant allrounder for the team, and he will be the key player against England. After couple of below par performance in first few games, Shaheen Afridi has been making valuable contributions for the team. He will once again lead the pace attack and lot of rely on his performance. 


Probable playing XI:


Mohammad Rizwan (wk), Babar Azam (c), Mohammad Haris, Shan Masood, Iftikhar Ahmed, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Nawaz, Mohammad Wasim Jr, Naseem Shah, Haris Rauf, Shaheen Afridi


England:


Jos Buttler & boys left behind their shocking defeat against Ireland in the group stage as they made a stylish entry into the final of the T20 World Cup 2022. Englishmen defeated mighty India by ten wickets on November 10 (Thursday) at Adelaide Oval. England skipper Jos Buttler and Alex Hales stitched match-winning partnership against India as the duo remained unbeaten. They will be favourites against Pakistan at MCG. 

Probable Playing XI

Jos Buttler (C & wk), Alex Hales, Phil Salt, Harry Brook, Ben Stokes, Liam Livingstone, Moeen Ali, Sam Curran, Chris Woakes, Chris Jordan, Adil Rashid

Match Prediction:


  


Conclusion:


England and Pakistan have played some incredible cricket so far in the tournament, and cricket fraternity expect yet another cracking contest from both the teams in the summit-clash. Although Pakistan made a stunning comeback in the tournament, England looks more complete side and is likely to win.

Disclaimer: The opinions expressed within this article are the author’s point of view. They neither reflect the opinion of SportsTiger nor advise anyone to make any prediction based on this. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility and liability for the same.

EnglandPakistanT20 World Cup
LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Skyesports unveils 2026 Counter Strike 2 Esports roadmap for Tier 1 events

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir lashes out at India players; issues stern warning ahead of Sydney Test: Reports

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir wanted Cheteshwar Pujara for Australia tour but selectors denied; shocking details revealed

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-2022-eng-vs-pak-match-prediction-who-will-win-t20-world-cup-match-between-england-and-pakistan-win-prediction-pak-vs-eng-win-prediction 
 ----- 
