...the complete Nigerian football
Home
News
Fixtures
Non GamstopUK
Non GamStop
Data HK
No Gamstop
Osimhen names the top three quickest and most skilful players in current Super Eagles 
Published: September 09, 2024

Super Eagles striker Victor Osimhen has identified the fastest and most skillful players in the current Nigerian squad following their commanding 3-0 victory over Benin Republic in Uyo on Saturday.

Nigeria, on Saturday, kicked off their 2025 AFCON qualifiers campaign with a win over the Cheetahs, thanks to goals from Ademola Lookman (2) and Victor Osimhen.

Osimhen found the net just six minutes after coming on as a substitute for Victor Boniface in the 72nd minute, converting a cross from Wilfred Ndidi following a clever dummy by Semi Ajayi.

In an interview with the Counter Attack Podcast after the game, Osimhen named Moses Simon, Ademola Lookman, and Samuel Chukwueze as the fastest players in the current Super Eagles team.

When it comes to skill in match situations, he singled out Victor Boniface, Ademola Lookman, and Kelechi Iheanacho.

"The quickest, first of all, Simon, Lookman, and Samuel," Osimhen revealed. "In match situations, the most skillful: Boniface, Ademola, and also Iheanacho."

When asked to pick a five-a-side team without himself, Osimhen chose goalkeeper Nwabali, defender William Troost-Ekong, midfielders Alex Iwobi and Wilfred Ndidi, and forward Victor Boniface.

Following their victory over Benin Republic, the Super Eagles are currently in Kigali, Rwanda, preparing for their second Group D encounter in the 2025 AFCON qualifiers.

The match against Rwanda is scheduled for Tuesday, September 10, 2024.

A win against Rwanda would strengthen Nigeria's position at the top of Group D with six points.

Nigeria currently leads the group with three points, while Rwanda has one point after their draw with Libya.

Adeyemi Adewale

Copyright ANS

All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from allnigeriasoccer.com

46.1k
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Share

Latest News
Former Manchester City defender Onuoha assesses Arsenal's Premier League title chances
Premier League duo Brentford and Brighton make enquiries over the availability of Kayode
Crystal Palace make transfer decision over winger who trained with Golden Eaglets in 2019
After helping Fulham secure historic victory against Chelsea, Bassey cracks BBC's PL TOTW
'Making a huge name for himself' - Osimhen predicts Genk marksman Arokodare is destined for greatness
The incredible stat of Onuachu against West Ham; unmatched by Salah, Haaland, Palmer and Isak
Former Arsenal GK considers Lookman best forward of the season despite Globe Soccer Awards snub
The 100 Most Influential Africans of 2024: Lookman joins Tinubu, Dangote, Ayra Starr on prestigious list
Maresca reveals the one aspect of Iwobi's game that impressed him in Chelsea's loss to Fulham
Fabrizio Romano reveals he's unaware of Chelsea target Osimhen being in talks with Man Utd
Football News 24/7
News Categories
Football Betting
African Players
Australia/ Asia
Belgian Championship
Bundesliga
Danish Football
English Premier League
Nigeria National Teams
Casinos not on Gamstop
Nigeria Premier League
Norwegian Football
Polish Football
Russian Championship
Serie A
Spanish Liga
Swedish Championship
Transfer
Turkish Championship
1Win
Ukrainian Football
Uncategorized
Women's Football
Copyright © 2010 - 2024 All Nigeria Soccer | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy
Developed by Best Value Providers
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.allnigeriasoccer.com/read_news.php?nid=52887 
 ----- 
