Yankees take advantage of Mariners' mistakes to hold onto 2-1 win
Yankees clinched a playoff spot with the win
9/19/2024, 5:13 AM

Phillip Martinez

Editorial Producer
Sep 18, 2024; Seattle, Washington, USA; New York Yankees pitcher Luke Weaver (30) throws against the Seattle Mariners during the eighth inning at T-Mobile Park. / John Froschauer-Imagn Images

The Yankees got a clutch hit from Anthony Rizzo in the 10th inning and took advantage of another Mariners mistake on the base paths to hold onto a 2-1 win on Wednesday night in Seattle.

With the win, the Yankees clinched a postseason spot. And with the Orioles' loss earlier in the evening, New York's magic number to capture the AL East crown is now six.

Here are the takeaways...

-The game was won for the Yankees in the 10th after Rizzo came through with an RBI double to lead off and give New York a 2-1 lead. It was Rizzo's second RBI of the game after he picked up a two-out single in the second inning to score Jasson Dominguez, who walked, stole second and moved to third on a throwing error.

In the bottom of the 10th, after the Mariners got runners on the corners with no outs, Ian Hamilton struck out Randy Arozarena swinging. The outfielder lost his bat, which spun towards third base, where Julio Rodriguez was standing. The young outfielder veered into foul territory to avoid the bat but went too far, allowing Austin Wells to throw to Jazz Chisholm Jr. for the tag and get the second out of the inning.

It was the second base running mistake at third base in as many games for the Mariners. Hamilton would get Justin Turner swinging to end the game and pick up his first save of the season.

-Despite the late-game heroics, it was an ugly offensive game. The Yankees were 2-for-7 with runners in scoring position and left six men on base. They had just three hits and struck out a season-high 15 times -- a lot of that had to do with home plate umpire Jim Wolf -- but it was the same for Seattle.

The Mariners had six hits but were 2-for-9 with runners in scoring position and left 10 men on base. They struck out 14 times.

-On a positive note, Nestor Cortes was on his game again, but he wasn't helped out by his defense early. Dominguez lost a long fly ball from Turner in the lights or sky as he allowed it to drop a few feet away from him on the warning track for a double. The hit had a 99 percent catch probability, but Cortes would hunker down and not allow the runner to score.

Cortes worked in and out of trouble in the fifth after he allowed runners to reach the corners with two outs, but the southpaw got Arozarena to pop out to end the threat.

The left-hander pitched six scoreless innings, allowing four hits and three walks while striking out six. Over his last seven outings (since Aug. 13), Cortes has a 1.58 ERA, a 0.90 WHIP and a .547 OPS against.

-The bullpen got into trouble in the seventh after Tommy Kahnle walked the leadoff hitter on four pitches but got the next two batters out. Clay Holmes was called on to get the final out of the inning and after a walk, the former Yankees closer got Cal Raleigh to fly out.

Holmes wasn't so lucky in the eighth. After striking out Arozarena, he hung an 86 mph slider over the heart of the plate, which Turner launched 390 feet just inside the left field foul pole to tie the game at 1-1. It was Holmes' MLB-leading 13th blown save of the season.

Luke Weaver struck out four batters in his 1.2 innings of work and is quickly becoming the Yankees' most dominant reliever.

-Gleyber Torres went hitless (0-for-5), which ended his 17-game on-base streak. Anthony Volpe returned to the lineup after getting a breather but he went 0-for-4 with two strikeouts and failed to get a bunt down in the 10th inning.

Soto finished 1-for-2 with two walks, while Judge went hitless (0-for-3) with a walk and three strikeouts.

Game MVP: Anthony Rizzo

The veteran first baseman picked up the Yankees' only two runs but also made some incredible picks at first base that prevented some innings from going sideways.

Highlights

ANTHONY RIZZO FOR THE LEAD!

(via @TalkinYanks) pic.twitter.com/gUeW7eIbh4

— Yankees Videos (@snyyankees) September 19, 2024
What's next

The Yankees and Mariners conclude their three-game series on Thursday afternoon. First pitch is scheduled for 4:05 p.m.

Clarke Schmidt (2.41 ERA) will take the mound for the Yankees with Logan Gilbert (3.24 ERA) on the bump for Seattle.

SHARE
TAGS

Yankees

#

Phillip Martinez

POPULAR IN THE COMMUNITY
About SNY
Advertise with SNY
Get SNY
Studios
Contact
Jobs
Internships
Privacy Policy
Closed Captioning
Terms of Use

Owned and operated by SportsNet New York, part of the SNY Blog Network. SNY trademarks and copyrights are the property of SportsNet New York, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sny.tv/articles/yankees-mariners-recap-9-18-24 
 ----- 
