Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
NCAAF
NFL
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
Top Soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
Men's NCAA Ice Hockey
Women's NCAA Ice Hockey
Feb 20
Feb 21
Feb 22
Gamecast
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
2/20
8:05 PM
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
Yankees
89-63, 47-30 Away
2
Final/10
Mariners
77-75, 45-32 Home
1
Gamecast
Recap
Box Score
Play-by-Play
Rizzo drives in 2 runs as Yankees earn playoff berth with 2-1 win over Mariners in 10 innings
ByAP
Sep 19, 2024, 07:17 am

SEATTLE -- — Anthony Rizzo hit a tiebreaking double in the 10th inning and drove in both runs for New York as the Yankees clinched a playoff spot with a 2-1 win over the Seattle Mariners on Wednesday night.

Rizzo lined the first pitch of the inning from reliever Collin Snider (3-4) down the right-field line to score automatic runner Jasson Domínguez from second. Ian Hamilton held on in the bottom half after a bizarre baserunning mistake by Julio Rodríguez.

The postseason berth is the 59th in franchise history for the Yankees, and their 25th playoff trip in 30 years. Assured at least an American League wild card, New York has made the playoffs six times in Aaron Boone’s seven seasons as manager.

“We’ve been through a lot already this year,” Boone said. “We understand it’s just a first step — but it’s an important one. We’re in the dance.”

The first AL team to wrap up a playoff spot, the Yankees moved five games ahead of second-place Baltimore in the AL East with 10 to play.

Seattle remained five games behind first-place Houston in the AL West and three back of Minnesota for the league's last wild card.

The Yankees managed only two hits against Seattle starter Bryce Miller, but Rizzo gave them an early lead with a single in the second for his first RBI since Sept. 2.

Miller struck out eight over six innings while issuing four walks (one intentional). After a bumpy first few innings, he worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the third and retired the final 10 hitters he faced.

But the Seattle offense failed to push across a run against former Mariners pitcher Nestor Cortes, who allowed four hits and struck out six in six shutout innings.

“Our goal is to win the division,” Cortes said. “I knew how important it was today for us to clinch. Last year we didn't clinch, so having this opportunity to pitch in this game and be able to help out the guys to go out there and throw up zeros and win, it was everything for us today.”

Justin Turner tied the game at 1 with a homer in the eighth that handed Clay Holmes his 13th blown save this season, most in the majors. That equaled the club record held by Dave Righetti (1987) and Hall of Famer Goose Gossage (1983).

Cal Raleigh singled leading off the bottom of the 10th to send Rodríguez, the automatic runner, from second to third. But the Mariners' star was picked off after scampering into foul territory to dodge a flying bat that slipped out of the hands of Randy Arozarena on a strikeout, completing a strange double play.

“Kind of a freak scenario there at the end with the bat coming down there and just kind of a reactionary thing," Seattle manager Dan Wilson said. "It was a great ballgame on all fronts and a tough one to lose.”

Rodríguez explained that he assumed the play would be declared dead after the bat sailed out of Arozarena's hands, and he would be allowed to return to third base.

“I got away and turned my back to the field and I heard (third base coach) Manny (Acta) yelling, ‘Get back to third.’ That’s when I got back to third,'” Rodriguez said. “Honestly, at that moment I wasn’t really thinking about the game, just trying to get away from the bat coming at me.”

Turner then struck out to end it.

Hamilton earned his third career save and first this year. Luke Weaver (6-3) fanned four in 1 2/3 hitless innings for the win.

Mariners pitchers combined for 15 strikeouts, while Yankees pitchers struck out 14 batters.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Mariners OF Victor Robles (hand) was out of the lineup after taking a pitch off the hand from New York starter Luis Gil in the first inning of Tuesday’s game. Robles exited after the inning, and his status is day-to-day.

UP NEXT

Yankees RHP Clarke Schmidt (5-3, 2.41 ERA) will start on Wednesday against Seattle RHP Logan Gilbert (7-11, 3.24).

------

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Game Information
T-Mobile Park
1:40 AM, September 19, 2024
Coverage: Prime Video/ESPN+
Seattle, Washington
Line: NYY -115
Over/Under: 7.5
Attendance: 31,674
Game Time:
3:06
Umpires:
Home Plate Umpire - Jim Wolf
First Base Umpire - Clint Vondrak
Second Base Umpire - Bruce Dreckman
Third Base Umpire - Jeremie Rehak
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2025 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/recap/_/gameId/401570747 
 ----- 
