Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Postseason spot secured, Yanks want more: 'The job's not finished'
Share
Postseason spot secured, Yanks want more: 'The job's not finished'
New York wins a thriller in Seattle, securing 59th trip to playoffs in franchise history
September 19th, 2024

Bryan Hoch

@BryanHoch
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

SEATTLE -- Soaked head to toe in various alcoholic beverages, Juan Soto squinted and grinned in the eye of an indoor hurricane, boasting about the enjoyment and camaraderie he has found with the Yankees. The superstar put on pinstripes expecting to carry the sport’s most storied franchise back to the postseason, and now they have arrived.

The Yankees will be ready for October, securing a playoff berth with a 2-1, 10-inning victory over the Mariners on Wednesday evening at T-Mobile Park. The gleeful outfielder doused teammates with bubbly and beer, found himself on the receiving end of several showers, and even paused for a brief dance break when a favorite track blasted through the clubhouse speakers.

Complete coverage: Yankees’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

"We believe in each other,” Soto said. “That’s what makes me think that we can go all the way, because we believe in each other. We don’t try to be the hero out there. We just try to do our job and try to win games.”

• Postseason FAQ: What's next for Yankees?

Soto’s arrival represented a pivotal moment for this Yankees club, which toasted its return to the postseason after a one-year absence, then forecast more celebrations ahead. It has been 15 years since the Yankees appeared in a World Series, and this drenched traveling party believes that its journey has only just begun.

Related
Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Goldy looks to guide younger Yanks: 'Somebody taught it to me'

January 9th, 2025

Why a DJ reprise in '25 wouldn't surprise Yanks

January 7th, 2025

4 reasons why CC Sabathia should be a Hall of Famer

January 6th, 2025

Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

"We definitely know the job’s not finished. We're hunting this division,” said captain Aaron Judge. “But to get an opportunity to punch our ticket back into the postseason after last year, missing out, it means a lot. We’ve got a special group here. The boys are definitely excited, but they know the mission is ahead of them.”

The Yankees own the American League’s best record at 89-63, and sit five games ahead of the Orioles in the AL East with 10 contests remaining. It is their largest lead of the season.

"We’ve been through a lot already this year,” manager Aaron Boone said. “We understand it’s just the first step, but it’s an important one. We’re in the dance."

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The first hints that building blocks for a winning season were in place could be glimpsed through chain-link fences on February mornings in Tampa, Fla., where recognizable players arrived weeks ahead of their mandated report dates. The blockbuster trade to import Soto, consummated during the Winter Meetings, had everyone dreaming big.

While the powerful tandem of Soto and Judge delivered on their promise all summer, other contributors stepped in to secure the last win needed to turn the lights on at Yankee Stadium this October.

On Wednesday, Nestor Cortes fired six scoreless innings and Anthony Rizzo doubled home the go-ahead run in the 10th inning to overcome Clay Holmes’ 13th blown save as the Yankees secured the franchise’s 59th postseason appearance.

"We’ve played really good baseball the last week or two,” Cortes said. “We’ve put a really good team together, and there’s more to come.”

Assured of at least a Wild Card spot while continuing to target the AL East title, this marks the Bombers’ seventh playoff appearance in eight seasons since 2017.

"They’re the best fans in the game, the best fans in the world, so having that stadium back up for the playoffs is going to be really special,” said catcher Austin Wells.

Soto and Judge have more than pulled their weight, becoming the third Yankees duo to each hit at least 40 homers in a season, joining Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig (1927, ’30, ’31) and Roger Maris and Mickey Mantle (1961). Boone described his players’ impact as “historical.”

"All that was in my mind was just trying to help the team, and I think that’s the biggest thing for me,” Soto said. “Since Day 1, all we talked about was trying to be together and push together as a team."

In addition to the December trade for Soto, the club has benefited from better health -- the Yankees’ 2023 chances never recovered from seeing Judge crash into a low-lying concrete wall at Los Angeles’ Dodger Stadium. This year, Boone said, his club has proven much more equipped to handle those challenges.

Another important ingredient, according to several players, has been the hunger that resulted from watching other teams play in the season’s most meaningful games.

Boone admitted that the ’23 Yankees “weren’t a great team,” barely keeping the club’s streak of winning records alive with an 82-win campaign, and believes that this year’s edition “has the chance to do something special.”

What they do with that opportunity will ultimately determine how the roster is remembered. For now, it was a night to toast what could be.

"Throughout the year, there were a lot of ups and downs,” Judge said. “This group never wavered. They just stayed the course.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Yankees

Senior Reporter Bryan Hoch has covered the Yankees for MLB.com since 2007.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/yankees-clinch-postseason-berth-with-win-over-mariners 
 ----- 
