HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023: Ghana vs Cape Verde: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 12, 2024 at 10:43 AM
Modified at :
January 13, 2024 at 6:11 AM

Govind

0
0
The Black Stars have won AFCON a total of four times while Cape Verde fields their team for the fourth time

On Monday, the Ghana national football team will begin their 2023 Africa Cup of Nations journey against Cape Verde Islands. After seeding in Group B, their opponents include Mozambique, Cape Verde and last season’s runners-up Egypt. The Black Stars were last up against Namibia in a friendly encounter which settled 0-0.

After a Round of 16 exit in 2021 AFCON, the Cape Verde Islands national football team are back again to leave another lasting impression. In their matchday 1 fixture, the nation of ten islands will be up against the third most successful side in AFCON history, Ghana. This will be the fourth time, Cape Verde fields its team in an AFCON tournament.

Kick-Off:

Sunday, 14 January 2024 at 8:00 PM UK

Monday, 15 January 2024 at 1:30 AM IST

Location: Stade Félix Houphouët-Boigny

Form

Ghana (in all competitions): D-L-W-L-L

Cape Verde Islands (in all competitions): L-W-D-L-L

Players to Watch
Mohammed Kudus (Ghana)

The player that everyone wanted to be in the Ghana national football team has finally joined and has also trained. The 23-year-old didn’t play in the last friendly as he hadn’t joined his national team by that time. But is expected to start against Cape Verde. The West Ham midfielder will be the bright spark for his side in terms of creativity and goals. In 16 Premier League appearances, the attacking midfielder has scored 6 goals while also providing an assist.

Bebé (Cape Verde Islands)

A former Manchester United football prodigy will be headlining the Cape Verde side in the 2023 AFCON games. It will be the first time Bebé gets to play in a competition of this magnitude. The 33-year-old is likely to get the left winger position in a 4-3-3 formation. In LaLiga, the former Portugal U21 international plays for Rayo Vallecano.

Match Facts
Ghana have won the competition the same number of times Cape Verde are participating which is four
A 2-0 win over Cape Verde is the only result to date. The Black Stars ended the 2013 AFCON run of the Ten Islands side at the quarter-final stage with it
In the last 5 games, both teams have recorded only a single victory each
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury & Team News

Mohammed Kudus was the big missing piece of this Ivory Coast edition AFCON tournament. He had suffered a sprain because of which was unavailable until even the last friendly fixture. Kudus has joined the camp and this will only come as an added boost for Chris Hughton and Co.

Cape Verde last faced the Black Stars in the 2013 AFCON edition. A 2-0 defeat against them ended their beautiful run on debut at the quarter-finals stage. The side led by Bubista is likely to approach the game with a 4-3-3 formation and hope to come out victorious this time.

Head to Head

Total Matches – 1

Ghana wins – 1

Cape Verde Islands wins – 0

Draws – 0

Predicted Lineup
Ghana predicted lineup (4-3-3):

Ofori (GK); Seidu, Opoku, Amartey, Mensah; Abdul Samed, Baba, Kudus; J. Ayew, Williams, Semenyo

Cape Verde Islands predicted lineup (4-3-3):

Vózinha (GK); Moreira, Diney, Roberto Lopes, Stopira; Pina, Costa, Monteiro; Mendes, Rodrigues, Bebé

Match Prediction for Ghana vs Cape Verde

Cape Verde Islands will be entering their fourth AFCON tournament in their history. They are in a tough group comparatively as they will face off against Egypt and Ghana besides Mozambique. Chris Hughton’s men are likely to be the front-runners in adding 3 points in this matchday 1 fixture from Group B.

Prediction: Ghana 2-0 Cape Verde Islands

Telecast for Ghana vs Cape Verde

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Top 10 goalkeepers with most clean sheets in 2024
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-ghana-vs-cape-verde-predicted-lineup-injury-news-telecast 
 ----- 
