Cricket
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Cricket
Schedule
BGT 2024
PAK vs SA
SL vs NZ
BBL 24
Vijay Hazare
ZIM vs AFG
BPL 2024
Cricket News
IPL 2024
Why is Mustafizur Rahman not playing today’s GT vs CSK IPL 2024 match?
Why is Mustafizur Rahman not playing today’s GT vs CSK IPL 2024 match?
By
Venkatesh Ravichandran
Modified May 10, 2024 19:14 IST 
Follow Us
Discuss
Mustafizur has been among the star bowlers in IPL 2024 [Credit: CSK Twitter handle]

Chennai Super Kings (CSK) pacer Mustafizur Rahman will miss the side's crucial encounter against the Gujarat Titans (GT) in Ahmedabad on May 10. The 28-year-old last played for CSK in their game against Punjab Kings (PBKS) on May 1 before returning home for Bangladesh's five-match T20I series against Zimbabwe.

Mustafizur did not play CSK's return match against PBKS on Sunday, May 5, and will miss the remainder of the tournament after returning home due to international duties. Despite departing home, the left-arm pacer was rested for the first three T20Is from May 3 to 7 against Zimbabwe. However, he was picked in the Bangladesh squad for the final two T20Is.

Mustafizur enjoyed an excellent run in his first stint with CSK, picking up 14 wickets in nine outings. It included a four-wicket haul in the season opener against Royal Challengers Bengaluru (RCB).

Trending

The veteran pacer missed CSK's clash against SunRisers Hyderabad (SRH) earlier in the season when he left for Bangladesh to complete his US visa formalities for the T20 World Cup, starting June 1.

Despite Mustafizur Rahman's absence in their last game, CSK comfortably defeated PBKS by 28 runs in Dharamsala.

CSK looks to inch closer to IPL 2024 playoffs despite Mustafizur Rahman's absence
Expand Tweet

With the IPL 2024 playoff battle heating win, CSK will look to win a second straight game against GT in Ahmedabad. The two teams met at the same venue in last season's finale, with CSK emerging victorious in a last-ball thriller.

The defending champions are currently on 12 points in 11 outings, needing to win two out of their last three league stage games to almost certainly guarantee a playoff spot.

CSK skipper Ruturaj Gaikwad was finally on the right side of the coin toss and elected to field first.

"We will bowl first. Looks a good wicket, but i feel it is slightly on the stickier side. Pretty much similar to Chennai in the last two games. There was one red-soil wicket but this is pretty much similar. (On the mood in the camp) Pretty much relaxed. IPL is a tournament where you tend to lose 4-5-6 games, sometimes seven. You have to back everyone in the group and make sure they are in a good headspace," said Gaikwad.

CSK made the lone change to their playing XI with Rachin Ravindra coming in for Richard Gleeson.

The two teams met earlier in the season at Chepauk Stadium in Chennai, with the home side winning by a massive 63 runs.

Looking for fast live cricket scores? Download CricRocket and get fast score updates, top-notch commentary in-depth match stats & much more! 🚀☄️

Quick Links

IPL 2024 Chennai Super Kings Gujarat Titans Mustafizur Rahman Ruturaj Gaikwad CSK Team 2025 GT vs CSK Head to Head Ruturaj IPL Career
Edited by Ankush Das
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/cricket/news-why-mustafizur-rahman-playing-today-s-gt-vs-csk-ipl-2024-match 
 ----- 
