SCHOOL
+
COLLEGES
JOBS
GK
EXAMS
EDUCATION NEWS
RESULTS
CURRENT AFFAIRS
MOCK TEST
WEB STORIES
MORE
+
Focus
Year Recap 2024
Pragatisheel Punjab
Sanskriti University
CFA Institute
SRM University
Happy New Year
CBSE Date Sheet
RRB NTPC Exam Date
Quick Links
School & Boards
College Admission
Govt Jobs Alert & Prep
Current Affairs
GK & Aptitude
HOME
ARTICLES
SCHOOL LIFE
Today’s School Assembly Headlines (10 May): Stock Market Downfall,  Air India Express Flight Shortage, PM Modi and Rahul Gandhi debate face-to-face, Ukraine war, Open AI and Other News in English

10 May 2024 News Headlines in English for School Assembly: Get here the list of detailed news headlines for the morning assembly from all major sectors like politics, entertainment, politics, sports, world affairs, technology and more here.

By ATUL RAWAL
MAY 9, 2024, 22:39 IST
Get here today’s and tomorrow's news headlines in English for School Assembly

10th May, School News Headlines Today: A lot is going on in the world, and you must be aware of that. Not all, but at least the highlights to keep yourself up to date and confident enough to discuss the issues socially. To save your time and give you the right knowledge, these news headlines are provided here. These can be used by the students during school assemblies or by teachers to share with others. The information provided here is from the national, international, sports, business, science, and technology fields. Get the latest news headlines and spread the knowledge.

National News Headlines for Today’s School Assembly May 10, 2024
A Downfall for stock market; India VIX up 6%, Sensex down 1000 pts on foreign fund outflows.
Air India Express cancelled 85 flights due to staff storage, circulated warnings to striking employees. 
SBI Q4 results out: Profit increased by around 24% at Rs 20698 crore, stock increased  by 3%.
Kejriwal cannot be granted interim bail for election campaigning: ED to SC.
Maldives President Dr Mohamed Muizzu's got unwelcomed comments from Indians, trolled for not apologizing.
Former judges invite PM Modi and Rahul Gandhi for a face-to-face debate during Lok Sabha Election 2024. 
CCTV footage of Lashkar terrorist who attached Air force convoy captured on camera.
Two women withdraw their rape complaint against TMC men, saying ‘Made to sign blank paper’.
A medical students from Kota goes missing after the day of NEET exam.
Kerala +2, Chhattisgarh 10th and 12th, Gujarat HSC, Assam HS result 2024 are out with more than 60% pass percentage.
Heatwaves in India to end from Friday: IMD shared the news.
Mother's Day to be celebrated on 12 May, 2024. Prepare Mother's Day speech in Hindi to impress her.
Related Stories

Haryana School Holidays 2025: Check Complete Holiday List for New Year, Download PDF

30+ Happy New Year 2025 Wishes, Quotes for Friends, Teachers and Parents

Punjab School Holiday 2025: Full List of Regional and Public Holidays, Download PDF Now!

International News for Today’s School Assembly
A warning from US to Israel over Rafah invasion. Hamas is on ‘no compromise’ terms.
Russian President Putin on Ukraine war ‘will not allow anyone to threaten us’.
Australia raised the bar for funds over 21 % needed for student visas to support basic living expenses. 75 percent of the national minimum wage is the new limit.
India becomes the first country to get more than 100 dollar in remittances.
Millions of properties in Japan are vacant as elderly residents either passed away or migrated.
Brazil's flood death tool reached 100. 
Science and Technology News for Today’s Assembly
1st human to survive 100 days after brain chip implant. Elon Musk’s company raises concerns about post-installation issues. 
According to Sundar Pichai, Google's ad-based business model can continue with AI included into its search.
Doctors in Chennai hospital used Apple vision pro headsets to operate during surgery.
OpenAI planning to make a search product to compete google.
OpenAI planning to release real-time search responses on chatgpt.
NASA’s Boeing starliner space capsule further delayed by 10 more days.
Solar flares to impact regions of Australia, Japan, and China. 
Sports News for Today’s Assembly
World wrestling body suspends Bajrang Punia for year 2024 after NADA's suspension.
Indian women team faced Bangladesh women team in 5th women’s T20I.
Aman Sehrawat and Deepak Punia to lead India at World Olympic Games qualifier in Paris 2024.
Ferrari F1 racer Charles Leclerc great Indian with ‘Namaste India’. Fans appreciated the gesture.
Latest Current Affairs for School Assembly

1. Which country has recently issued its new currency?

(a) South Africa

(b) Zimbabwe

(c) Kenya

(d) Iran

2. NPCI International Payments Limited has signed an agreement with which African country for UPI like services?

(a) South Africa

(b) Ghana

(c) Senegal

(d) Namibia

3. Who has been named as the brand ambassador of ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024?

(a) Gautam Gambhir

(b) Yuvraj Singh

(c) Rahul Dravid

(d) Sachin Tendulkar

4. Who was recently awarded the title of Grandmaster by the International Chess Federation?

(a) Koneru Humpy

(b) Vaishali Ramesh Babu

(c) Nihal Sarin

(d) Rameshbabu Praggnanandhaa

5. Who recently took over as the Vice Chief of the Indian Navy?

(a) Krishna Swaminathan

(b) Vinod Kumar

(c) Abhinav Kumar

(d) Abhay Kohli

6. Amitabh Chaudhry has been reappointed as the MD and CEO of which bank?

(a) Axis Bank

(b) SBI

(c) PNB

(d) Yes Bank

7. Subrahmanya Dhareshwar passed away, he was a famous singer of which folk dance?

(a) Garba

(b) Kathakali

(c) Kathak

(d) Yakshagana

8. India's first multipurpose (heat and power) green hydrogen pilot project was launched in which state?

(a) Uttarakhand

(b) Arunachal Pradesh

(c) Sikkim

(d) Himachal Pradesh

9. Jeremiah Manele has recently been appointed as the Prime Minister of which country?

(a) Maldives

(b) Solomon Islands

(c) Singapore

(d) Namibia

10. NPCI International Payments Limited has signed an agreement with which African country for UPI like services?

(a) South Africa

(b) Ghana

(c) Senegal

(d) Namibia

Important Days on 10th May

Maharana Pratap Jayanti

Thought of the Day

"Even in the face of overwhelming odds, never compromise on your principles." - Inspired by Maharana Pratap

Also Read:

News Headlines for May 9, 2024
List of All School Boards in India
Best Schools in Delhi
Best School in Noida
KV School Holiday List 2024

Get here latest School, CBSE and Govt Jobs notification and articles in English and Hindi for Sarkari Naukari, Sarkari Result and Exam Preparation. Empower your learning journey with Jagran Josh App - Your trusted guide for exams, career, and knowledge! Download Now

Trending
TS TET Hall Ticket 2024CSIR NET 2025 ExamSBI PO Recruitment Notification 2024DME Assam Recruitment 2025WBPSC MVI Recruitment 2025India Post 6th Merit ListChristmas WishesHappy New Year 2025CBSE 12th Date Sheet 2025CBSE 10th Date Sheet 2025Education NewsIn School
Atul Rawal

Executive

Meet Atul, he is a Master of Science in the field of biotechnology. He has a counting experience in the field of Ed-tech and is proficient in content writing. Atul is a creative person and likes to color his ideas on canvas. He is a graduate of the University of Delhi in Biochemistry. Constant learning is one of his traits and he is devoted to the school section of Jagran Josh. His belief is to help students in all possible ways. He can be reached at atul.rawal@jagrannewmedia.com

... Read More
Latest Stories

CBSE Class 12 Chemistry Practical Syllabus 2025: Detailed Guide and Marking Scheme Here

Bihar Board Syllabus 2024-25: Download Class 9th, 10th, 11th, and 12th Subject-Wise PDF

CBSE Class 10 Exam Pattern 2024-2025 with Marking Scheme and Topic-wise Weightage

Latest Education News

PM Kisan 19th Installment Date: कब आयेगी 19वीं क़िस्त, यदि क़िस्त रुक गयी तो क्या करें? जानें यहां

23 Mins Ago

बार-बार KYC कराने का झंझट होगा खत्म, बस एक बार बनवा लें CKYC कार्ड

24 Mins Ago

RAC यात्रियों के लिए खुशखबरी, भारतीय रेलवे ने उठाया यह अहम कदम

25 Mins Ago

साल 2024 में इस भारतीय की धमक, किसने बनाया सर्वाधिक रन और किसके नाम सर्वाधिक विकेट? देखें

26 Mins Ago

Railways New Timetable: 1 जनवरी से बदल गया इन ट्रेनों का समय और नंबर, रेलवे ने जारी की लिस्ट

29 Mins Ago

Brain Teaser IQ Test: Spot Who Is the Kidnapper? Only 1% Genius Minds Can Solve It In 5 Seconds!

27 Mins Ago

Brain Teaser IQ Test: Are You a True AI Fan? Prove It by Finding Two Hidden Robots in Record Time!

29 Mins Ago

Happy New Year 2025: 50+ Quotes, Wishes, Greeting Messages to Share with Friends and Family

29 Mins Ago

New Year Day 2025: 30+ Images, Photos, Pictures to Share with your Loved for New and Fresh Start

28 Mins Ago

Optical Illusion IQ Test: Only Top 1% With Hawk’s Eyes Can Spot The Bear In 5 Seconds!

28 Mins Ago

Happy New Year 2025 Shayari​: नए साल पर इन खूबसूरत शायरी के साथ अपनों को भेजें शुभकामनाएं

29 Mins Ago

CBSE Class 12 Chemistry Practical Syllabus 2025: Detailed Guide and Marking Scheme Here

28 Mins Ago

Happy New Year 2025 Wishes, Quotes in Hindi: नव वर्ष पर इन शुभकामना संदेशों से अपनों को दें शुभकामनाएं

28 Mins Ago

Can You Spot 3 Differences Between the Frog Pictures in 15 Seconds?

27 Mins Ago

UPPSC AE Previous Year Question Paper: PDF Download

29 Mins Ago

Optical Illusion IQ Test: Can Your 20/20 Vision Spot the Hidden Diamond in 3 Seconds?

27 Mins Ago

[लिंक एक्टिव] CBSE CTET Answer Key 2024 LIVE: सीटीईटी दिसंबर पेपर 1 और 2 की आंसर-की ctet.nic.in पर जारी, डाउनलोड करें OMR Sheet PDF

29 Mins Ago

CTET Answer Key 2024 OUT: Download CTET December Paper 1, 2 Response Sheet Link at ctet.nic.in, Check Result Updates

29 Mins Ago

Mahakumbh 2025: कुंभ, अर्द्धकुंभ, पूर्णकुंभ और महाकुंभ में क्या होता है अंतर, यहां जानें

28 Mins Ago

10+ Unique New Year Traditions Around the World: Discover What Makes Each Celebration Special!

27 Mins Ago
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.jagranjosh.com/articles/school-assembly-news-headlines-today-may-10-real-madrid-vs-bayern-lsg-owner-kseeb-sslc-cgbse-gseb-result-2024-shawarma-canara-bank-sbi-q4-vijay-deverakonda-and-other-top-important-news-1715261056-1 
 ----- 
