Wednesday, 1st January, 2025
Subscribe E-Paper
Main navigation
HOME
NAGALAND
EDITORIAL
NORTH-EAST
INDIA
ENTERTAINMENT
WORLD
PUBLIC SPACE
SPORTS
REGULAR FEATURES
TRENDING
Secondary Menu
MORUNG LEARNING
BUSINESS
PEOPLE LIFE ETC
FAITHLEAF
INFOCUS
SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY
LIFE & STYLE
HEALTH
REGULAR FEATURES
TRENDING
Support The Morung Express. Your Contributions Matter Click Here
T20 World Cup: Australia, England vulnerable after washout in Group 1
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Email
LinkedIn
WhatsApp

A view of Melbourne Cricket Ground as play is cancelled due to rain for the T20 World Cup match between England and Australia in Melbourne, Australia on Friday, October 28, 2022. (Photo:IANS)

SPORTS
  28th October 2022

Melbourne, October 28 (IANS): Already left wide open following upset wins for New Zealand and Ireland against Australia and England, the fascinating state of Group 1 has taken another twist thanks to two no-result matches here on Friday, with the shared points meaning all teams can still qualify.

As things stand now, New Zealand, England, Ireland and Australia are all level with three points though the Black Caps have played two matches while the others have played three. Sri Lanka and Afghanistan are placed fifth and sixth respectively with two points each.

New Zealand are the only unbeaten team in Group 1 after two matches, and the margin of their 89-run win over Australia has given them a big edge in the Net Run Rate column too.

A Net Run Rate (NRR) of +4.450 is almost as good as an extra point, barring a crushing defeat of their own in the remaining matches.

The washout and shared points against Afghanistan could yet go against the Kiwis, but with the rest of the group taking points off each other it is still advantage Black Caps in the qualification race, said a report on the official website.

New Zealand's clash with Sri Lanka on Saturday could see them take a stranglehold on the group with a win, but defeat would make Group 1 even more of a six-way tussle for qualification with two rounds of games remaining.

One of Australia or England could have taken a big step towards the semifinals with a win at the MCG, but Friday's washout means they remain level on three points with Ireland, who themselves had a washout against Afghanistan.

It looks like the top two could be partly decided on run rate, where after New Zealand it is Sri Lanka and England who currently hold the edge over the rest of Group 1.

AUSTRALIA NEED BIG WINS

The crushing nature of Australia's loss to New Zealand in the opening match of the group had put them in a perilous position, not only because of the result but also because of its impact on NRR.

The tournament hosts know that they cannot afford to lose another game -- two defeats aren't mathematically terminal to a team's qualification chances, but it will likely take a lot of fortune to qualify with just three wins in the Super 12 stage.

However, the chances of a successful title defence have increased - firstly courtesy of the win over Sri Lanka in Perth on Tuesday, particularly thanks to Marcus Stoinis' late flurry of runs which saw them chase down the target with more than three overs remaining, cutting some of that NRR deficit in the process.

And England's loss to Ireland, plus the washout between the Aussies and English in Melbourne, means run rate looks increasingly likely to be a factor.

After three games they have an NRR of -1.555 - the worst in the group. But, on paper at least, the fixtures are in Australia's favour. The final two matches are against the lowest ranked in the group, Afghanistan and Ireland, which theoretically gives Australia an edge if it does come down to run rate.

ENGLAND IN TROUBLE?

Momentum is not in England's favour. A rain-impacted loss to Ireland has been followed by a washout against Australia, leaving Jos Buttler's side in a spot of bother in Group 1.

The upcoming meeting with New Zealand is now even more significant. Win that and England can make a real statement going into the final match day. Lose and qualification will be completely out of their hands, or potentially completely impossible depending on results in the meantime.

What England do know is that two big wins in their final two matches, first against the Kiwis and then Sri Lanka, should be enough to send them through.

It could well come down to run rate though, and that is where the slightly tentative chase against Afghanistan in England's opener is now a bit of a problem. With Australia possessing the theoretically easier fixtures in the run-in, Buttler and co are in danger of being usurped on scoring rate if they fail to win big.

Where England do have the edge in the Net RR conundrum is that their final game is the last in the group. If qualification hopes are still alive at that stage, England will know exactly what they need against Sri Lanka to qualify -- a big advantage.

The makeup of Group 1 will be far clearer by the end of New Zealand's fixture against Sri Lanka on Saturday.

The Asia Cup 2022 Champions have hopes of springing a surprise and finishing in the top two of this group. But to do so they will likely need to beat at least one if not two of the teams ranked above them in the ICC Men's T20I Team Rankings.

Sri Lanka have already come on the wrong side of the result against the tournament hosts, and can't really afford another loss.

But in New Zealand, they are coming up against a formidable force. The 2021 T20 World Cup finalists have a well-balanced attack and a powerful batting unit, as they showcased in that big win over Australia earlier in the tournament.

And with their point from the rained-out Afghanistan fixture, and that superior Net RR, another win for New Zealand would put them in control of the group.

Share
Facebook
Twitter
Email
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Related Posts
All England, World Championships in focus for India shuttlers in 2025
LeBron reflects on turning 40, says he could play at high level for '5-7 years'
Djokovic beats Hijikata to storm into second round in Brisbane
4th Test: Lacklustre batting show from India gives Australia 184-run win and 2-1 series lead
LATEST POSTS
Tamannaah Bhatia celebrates virtual New Year with her loved ones
ENTERTAINMENT / 1st January 2025
Happy 2025: President Murmu, PM Modi extend New Year greetings
INDIA / 1st January 2025
Researchers find vital link between inflammation and depression
HEALTH / 1st January 2025
South Korean Prez Yoon's senior aides offer to resign after acting president appoints key justices
WORLD / 1st January 2025
Triptii Dimri craves for clear sky this New Year
ENTERTAINMENT / 1st January 2025
Dua Lipa flaunts engagement ring as she runs errands in London
ENTERTAINMENT / 31st December 2024
Here’s how Priyanka Chopra deals with people who ‘give off bad vibes’
ENTERTAINMENT / 31st December 2024
Kriti Sanon enjoys live rendition of ‘Kya Hua Tera Vaada’ with rumoured beau Kabir Bahia
ENTERTAINMENT / 31st December 2024
Year Ender: 138.34 crore Aadhaar numbers generated, 67 million Ayushman Bharat Health Accounts created
INDIA / 31st December 2024
All England, World Championships in focus for India shuttlers in 2025
SPORTS / 31st December 2024
WEEKLY POLL QUESTION

Looking back at 2024 and anticipating a more progressive year ahead, what issues and concerns must the Government of Nagaland prioritize on, in 2025? Give concrete suggestions with reasons.

 .
 .
 .

SUBMIT
Weekly Poll Result
Connect with us
   
INTRO FOOTER

The Morung Express

The Morung Express is a people-oriented alternative newspaper based in Nagaland that was conceived from the Naga people’s historical realities and is guided by their voices and experiences. It emerged from the well-recognized concept that the core of a free press is based on “qualitative and investigative” journalism. Ensuring this is essential for contributing to an informed Naga public that makes sound decisions on issues that affect all spheres of life.

TOP CATEGORY
Arena of Mind
Around the Kitchen Fire
Bob’s Banter
Business
Degree of Thoughts
Development
Disable
Economy
Editorial
Education
Entertainment
Entrepreneurship
Environment
Express Review
Faithleaf
Featured News
Frontpage
Government & Policy
Health
Human Rights
ICAR
India
Infocus
Inventing the Future
Law and order
Left-Featured
Life & Style
Main-Featured
Morung Exclusive
Morung Learning
Morung Youth Express
Nagaland
Narrative
North-East
People-Life-Etc
Perspective
Politics
Public Space
Reflections
Right-Featured
Science & Technology
Sports
Straight from the Heart
Tracking your Health
Uncategorized
Weekly Poll Result
World
LINK FOOTER
About Us
Privacy Policy
Grievance Redressal
Monthly Disclosure of Grievance
ARCHIVE

Select Date

 GO
CONTACT INFO
The Morung Express, House No.4, Duncan Bosti
 Dimapur 797112, Nagaland, India
 Dimapur -+91 3862 295056
Kohima Branch office: Old NST above Rutsa Bakery, Kohima
Kohima – +91 3862 2291952
News items email to: morung@gmail.com
To advertise please contact: morungad@yahoo.com
Copyright © 2020 The Morung Express

Website designed & developed by UnitedWebsoft.in
Support The Morung Express.
Your Contributions Matter
Click Here

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://morungexpress.com/t20-world-cup-australia-england-vulnerable-after-washout-in-group-1 
 ----- 
