MwanaClick
Search
Subscribe 
Log in
Sports
Stars face Morocco in tough World Cup qualifying match
Tuesday, November 21, 2023

Taifa Stars players celebrate after winning against Niger in the World Cup Qualifier match in Morocco. PHOTO | COURTESY

By 
The Citizen Reporter

Media/news company

Mwananchi Communications Limited

What you need to know:
The group E match has been scheduled to kick off at 10pm Tanzanian time, and Taifa Stars will be targeting a good result in order to continue shining in the FIFA World Cup qualifiers

Dar es Salaam. The national football team (Taifa Stars) today face Morocco in their second match of the World Cup qualifiers at the Benjamin Mkapa Stadium.

The group E match has been scheduled to kick off at 10pm Tanzanian time, and Taifa Stars will be targeting a good result in order to continue shining in the FIFA World Cup that will be co-hosted by three different countries for the first time in history.

The countries are Canada, Mexico, and the USA, which are set to share hosting duties in the ground-breaking edition of the sport's greatest event.

ALSO READ
Tanzania referees shortlisted for 2024 CHAN finals screening
Sports 2 hours ago
Rodri: Ronaldo shouldn't question my Ballon d'Or
Sports 5 hours ago

Tanzania are now placed second in Group E with three points following their 1-0 victory away against Niger, while Zambia are at the top with three points following their 4-1 victory against Congo Brazzaville in the first match.

Morocco has no point after Eritrea pulled out of the matches. Morocco was scheduled to start the World Cup qualifier campaign against Eritrea.

Tanzania is seeking to qualify for the World Cup finals for the first time, as they are going to meet Morocco for the fifth time in their history.

In the past four matches, Taifa Stars won one match, while the other three were won by Morocco.

Records show that Taifa Stars managed a 3-1 victory against Morocco in a World Cup qualifier duel played on March 24, 2013, and the rest of the matches were won by Morocco.

In the return leg, Morocco won 2-1 on June 8, 2013.

Other matches scored were Morocco 3-1 in the match played on October 9, 2011 in the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifiers, and on October 9, 2010, Tanzania lost 0-1 at home in another AFCON qualifiers’ duel.

Taifa Stars players are optimistic about coming out with a good result in today’s encounter after training intensively.

The team head coach, Adel Amrouche, said his players are in the right frame of mind heading into the match to maul their opponents.

“Everything is okay in camp, as every player is eager to face Morocco. They are simply in good shape, and I believe we will come out with smiling faces,” said Amrouche.

Team defender Bakari Mwamnyeto said they are ready for the clash against one of the African giants and called all fans to turn at the stadium to give them support.

Mwamnyeto said they have mountains to climb as Morocco is a strong team on the continent, having qualified for the last four World Cup finals in Qatar.

"We are facing a tough team despite the fact that our target is to do well. We need to show our best in order to win,” said Mwamnyeto.

Stars striker Simon Msuva, who features for JS Kabylie of Algeria, predicted a tough encounter but said they are ready to face the challenge.

Msuva called upon fellow Tanzanians to give them support since they are representing the country in the competition.

“We are aware of our commitment, and that’s why we are here to represent them in the encounter. There are many Tanzanians behind us, and we call upon them to give us moral support,” said Msuva.

 
 
 
It's the content that counts

We come to you. We are always looking for ways to improve our stories. Let us know what you liked and what we can improve on.

I've got feedback!
IN THE HEADLINES
Tanzania referees shortlisted for 2024 CHAN finals screening

CHAN finals will be held in Tanzania, Kenya, and Uganda starting from Feb. 28.

Sports 2 hours ago
Rodri: Ronaldo shouldn't question my Ballon d'Or

Rodri, 28, was awarded the prestigious individual prize after a stellar season that saw him win the Premier League title with City and the European Championship with Spain.

Sports 5 hours ago
10 years of transformation, triumph and timeless music for Konde

As 2025 rolls in, Tanzanian music sensation Harmonize is preparing to celebrate a landmark in his career—10 years of making waves in the music industry.

Entertainment 6 hours ago
by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
Ugandan woman arre sted trying to flee to Tanzania after allege dly cutting off her...
Kenyan woman, daug hters shot dead by husband in the US
Shock as Mungai dies in Dar after a short illness
Elevate Business Writ ing With This Deskto p App
Grammarly
ZOD見證SMILE Pro，電競視 界出擊更精準！
諾貝爾眼科
了解更多
年菜早鳥好評最後一波【全館滿$2988現折$ 200】，早鳥福利只到1/3 11:00 現在下訂，年前到貨！
老協珍
多功能工作桌｜垂直收納
宜得利家居
了解更多
Samia announces furt her reshuffles at the State House
告別頭髮稀疏。向秀髮說嗨！醫師推薦「爆髮凝露」生了10倍頭髮！
KAMINOWA
了解更多
NEWS
Business
Entertainment
Sports
SPORTS
BUSINESS
OPED
ZANZIBAR
MAGAZINES
DIASPORA
JOBS
Contact us
ePaper
Web Mail
Frequently asked questions
NMG Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Terms and Conditions of Use
Our Blog Rules

Nation Media Group © 2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thecitizen.co.tz/tanzania/sports/stars-face-morocco-in-tough-world-cup-qualifying-match-4440058 
 ----- 
