SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
Sports
Sports
Morocco Beats Tanzania 2-0 in 2026 World Cup African Qualifiers

The African qualifiers placed Morocco in Group E alongside Zambia, Congo, Tanzania, Niger, and Eritrea.Moroccan cuisine

Sara ZouitenNov. 21, 2023 8:50 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Moroccan football player Hakim ZiyechMoroccan cuisine

Rabat - Morocco’s national football team defeated Tanzania 2-0 today in their opening game for the African qualifiers of the 2026 World Cup.

The match, which took place at the Benjamin Mkapa National Stadium in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, saw the team aiming for a solid performance.Moroccan cuisine

Atlas Lion Hakim Ziyech scored his team's opening goal in the 28th minute of the match. 

Meanwhile, Tanzania's Lusajo Elukaga Mwaikenda unintentionally contributed to Morocco's victory by scoring an own goal in the 53rd minute.

The African qualifiers placed Morocco in Group E alongside Zambia, Congo, Tanzania, Niger, and Eritrea.

Following today's game, Morocco will face Zambia between June 3 and 11, 2024. The squad will then lock horns with Congo during the same period.

In addition, the team will face Niger and Tanzania between March 17 and 25, 2025.

In the period between September 1 and 9, 2025, the Atlas Lions will take on Niger and Zambia, before playing against Congo in October.

The 2026 World Cup will take place in Canada, the United States, and Mexico between June 11 and July 19.

This edition of the World Cup will see an expanded format, featuring a total of 48 teams instead of 32, with 12 groups of four teams each. It will include 104 matches instead of the typical 64 games.

In their quest for qualification, Morocco will be looking to build on their success in the 2022 Qatar World Cup, where they reached the semifinals forthe first time. 

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in February
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Morocco Falls 4-1 to Colombia in Kings League World Cup
Cigarette Prices will Increase in 2025 Due to New Tax Reform
Report: 70% of Moroccans Do Not Own a Car?
Morocco’s Trade Deficit Reached $26.8 Billion in November 2024
Over 10,300 Police Officers Promoted in 2024, A New Milestone for Morocco
Morocco’s Higher Education Minister Pledges Efforts to Increase University Dormitories Capacity
Morocco Improves Pay and Career Pathways for Prison Staff
Morocco Mobilizes High Profile Security Measures as Locals, Tourists Ring in the New Year
Recent
Popular
Comments
Secure Enough For 200K Tourists, But Not For One Actress? Israeli Woman’s Morocco Claims Raise Eyebrows

Tangier Court Orders Restitution For Victims Of ‘Al Khair Group’ Pyramid Scheme

Morocco Falls 4-1 To Colombia In Kings League World Cup

Morocco’s Water Reserves Record Significant Increase In Early 2025

Cigarette Prices Will Increase In 2025 Due To New Tax Reform

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco Falls 4-1 To Colombia In Kings League World Cup

IFFhS Names Soufiane Rahimi World’s Best Goalscorer In 2024

Eliesse Ben Sghir On Barcelona’s Winter Transfer Radar

FAR Rabat Ask Fans Not To Use ‘Flares, Lasers’ In CAF Champions League Games

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2023/11/359089/morocco-beats-tanzania-2-0-in-2026-world-cup-african-qualifiers 
 ----- 
