SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
Sports
Sports
2026 World Cup Qualifiers: When and How to Watch Morocco Vs Tanzania Game

Morocco is determined to clinch a victory, but this will certainly not be an easy game.

Safaa KasraouiNov. 21, 2023 10:27 a.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Morocco's Atlas Lions will face off Tanzania at 8 p.m. today

Rabat - Morocco’s Atlas Lions will kick off their 2026 World Cup qualifier games  today in a match against Tanzania.

The match will take place today at 8 p.m. Moroccan time. Channels featuring the game will include Morocco’s sports channel Arriyadia.

French sports news outlet L’Equipe will broadcast live coverage of the game. Ouest France has also announced it will stream  the match live on its website.

Head coach Walid Reragui emphasized that the national team is expecting a difficult game against Tanzania.

“We are longing for a positive result like all the teams that are looking forward to participating in the World Cup,” Regragui said in a pre-match conference on Monday.

He said that the Atlas Lions have a strong respect for Tanzania, who are excited to face off Morocco– the 2022 World Cup semi-finalist.

Read Also: Walid Regragui Announces Morocco’s Squad for 2026 World Cup Qualifiers

“If we win tomorrow’s match, it does not mean that we will qualify for the World Cup, and if we do not win, it does not mean that we will not qualify,” Regragui said.

Initially, Morocco was set to play against Eritrea in its first qualifying campaign  on November 16.

The game was canceled by FIFA after Eriteria’s football federation announced that it withdrew from the qualifiers.

A joint statement from FIFA and the Confederation of African Football |(CAF) confirmed the news in a joint statement a few days before the game against Morocco.

 

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in February
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
‘Superpower’: NYT’s The Athletic Features Morocco’s Iconic Journey to Football Dominance
Moroccan, European and African Communities Celebrate Morocco's World Cup 2030 Credentials
‘Yalla Vamos’! FIFA Officially Confirms Morocco as Co-Host for 2030 World Cup
King Mohammed VI Chairs Ministerial Council, Discusses 2030 World Cup Bid
‘A Significant Turning Point’: Iniesta Supports 2030 World Cup Bid
FIFA Announces Dates for U-17 Women's World Cup in Morocco
Moroccan Futsal Star Charraoui Promises Victory Over Brazil
Officials Commend Morocco’s Dynamism in Organizing International Sporting Events
Recent
Popular
Comments
Secure Enough For 200K Tourists, But Not For One Actress? Israeli Woman’s Morocco Claims Raise Eyebrows

Tangier Court Orders Restitution For Victims Of ‘Al Khair Group’ Pyramid Scheme

Morocco Falls 4-1 To Colombia In Kings League World Cup

Morocco’s Water Reserves Record Significant Increase In Early 2025

Cigarette Prices Will Increase In 2025 Due To New Tax Reform

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco Falls 4-1 To Colombia In Kings League World Cup

IFFhS Names Soufiane Rahimi World’s Best Goalscorer In 2024

Eliesse Ben Sghir On Barcelona’s Winter Transfer Radar

FAR Rabat Ask Fans Not To Use ‘Flares, Lasers’ In CAF Champions League Games

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2023/11/359067/2026-world-cup-qualifiers-when-and-how-to-watch-morocco-vs-tanzania-game 
 ----- 
