MwanaClick
Search
Subscribe 
Log in
Sports
Morocco beat Tanzania as Ghana and South Africa crash
Wednesday, November 22, 2023

By 
The Citizen Reporter
 & 
AFP

What you need to know:
Morocco's Hakim Ziyech opened the scoreline in the 28th and Tanzania fell further behind when Lusajo Mwaikenda conceded an own goal eight minutes after half-time.

Tanzania's national football team, Taifa Stars, succumbed to a 2-0 defeat to Morocco in their Group E encounter played at the Benjamin Mkapa Stadium in Dar es Salaam on Tuesday.

Morocco's Hakim Ziyech opened the scoreline in the 28th and Tanzania fell further behind when Lusajo Mwaikenda conceded an own goal eight minutes after half-time.

Tanzania, who are ranked 108 places below Morocco, were reduced to 10 men midway through the second half after Novatus Miroshi was red-carded following a second caution.

RELATED
Stars face Morocco in tough World Cup qualifying match
Sports Nov 21, 2023

While Morocco made a winning start in Group E after receiving a first round bye last week when Eritrea withdrew, Zambia suffered a surprise 2-1 loss to Niger in the same section.

It was the first competitive defeat for former Chelsea and West Ham United manager Avram Grant since taking charge of Zambia last December.

A superb solo goal by Myziane Maolida just before half-time gave Comoros a 1-0 victory over Ghana in Moroni and first place in Group I with six points, two more than top seeds Mali.

Maolida took possession close to the centre circle, dribbled past several opponents and beat goalkeeper Richard Ofori with a shot from inside the box.

Comoros also shocked Ghana at the last Africa Cup of Nations by winning 3-2 -- a result that condemned the Black Stars to a first-round exit. 

Losing will intensify the pressure on Ghana coach and former Premier League manager Chris Hughton after three defeats in four matches.

Rwanda adapted much better than South Africa to a rain-drenched artificial pitch in Group C in Butare and won 2-0 to end a 12-match unbeaten run by the visitors.

Sloppy defending by Nkosinathi Sibisi and Khuliso Mudau gifted goals to Innocent Nshuti and Gilbert Mugisha within 28 minutes as the home side used a route-one approach to good effect.

South Africa, however, persisted with short passes that often went astray and they seldom threatened to get back into the game.

Shock frontrunners

Rwanda are the shock frontrunners with four points, South Africa have three and top seeds Nigeria are among three countries with two.

Cameroon drew in Libya without goalkeeper Andre Onana, who has returned to Manchester United after suffering an unspecified injury in a victory over Mauritius last Friday. 

Olivier Ntcham converted a penalty for the Indomitable Lions, whose eight World Cup appearances is an African record, and Abdulmunem Aleiyan levelled as half-time approached in Benghazi.

Cameroon top Group D on goal difference from Cape Verde and Libya with each country collecting four points from two outings.

Senegal regained first place in Group B, but only on goal difference from Sudan after being held 0-0 by Togo in Lome. Both have four points, one more than the Democratic Republic of Congo.

Tunisia were another nation to return to the top as veteran Youssef Msakni scored off a late penalty to snatch a 1-0 Group H win over Malawi in Lilongwe.

The six-time World Cup qualifiers have six points, the same number as Equatorial Guinea, who are expected to pose the biggest threat to the Tunisians.

Burkina Faso rose to second in Group A behind Egypt after a 3-0 win over Ethiopia with Aston Villa forward Bertrand Traore coming off the bench to score the second goal from a penalty.

Serhou Guirassy, who has scored 15 goals for Bundesliga outfit Stuttgart this season, failed to find the net for Guinea, who suffered a shock 1-0 Group G loss to Botswana in Francistown.

The next two rounds of qualifying are scheduled for June 2024 followed by six more the following year.

The nine group winners are guaranteed places at the 2026 finals, which will feature a record 48 teams in the United States, Canada and Mexico.

There is the possibility of a 10th African qualifier as the four best-ranked runners-up enter play-offs and the winners go to an inter-continental tournament with two places up for grabs.

 
 
 
It's the content that counts

We come to you. We are always looking for ways to improve our stories. Let us know what you liked and what we can improve on.

I've got feedback!
IN THE HEADLINES
Tanzania referees shortlisted for 2024 CHAN finals screening

CHAN finals will be held in Tanzania, Kenya, and Uganda starting from Feb. 28.

Sports 2 hours ago
Rodri: Ronaldo shouldn't question my Ballon d'Or

Rodri, 28, was awarded the prestigious individual prize after a stellar season that saw him win the Premier League title with City and the European Championship with Spain.

Sports 5 hours ago
10 years of transformation, triumph and timeless music for Konde

As 2025 rolls in, Tanzanian music sensation Harmonize is preparing to celebrate a landmark in his career—10 years of making waves in the music industry.

Entertainment 6 hours ago
by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
Ugandan woman arre sted trying to flee to Tanzania after allege dly cutting off her...
Kenyan woman, daug hters shot dead by husband in the US
Shock as Mungai dies in Dar after a short illness
Elevate Business Writ ing With This Deskto p App
Grammarly
ZOD見證SMILE Pro，電競視 界出擊更精準！
諾貝爾眼科
了解更多
年菜早鳥好評最後一波【全館滿$2988現折$ 200】，早鳥福利只到1/3 11:00 現在下訂，年前到貨！
老協珍
多功能工作桌｜垂直收納
宜得利家居
了解更多
Samia announces furt her reshuffles at the State House
告別頭髮稀疏。向秀髮說嗨！醫師推薦「爆髮凝露」生了10倍頭髮！
KAMINOWA
了解更多
NEWS
Business
Entertainment
Sports
SPORTS
BUSINESS
OPED
ZANZIBAR
MAGAZINES
DIASPORA
JOBS
Contact us
ePaper
Web Mail
Frequently asked questions
NMG Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Terms and Conditions of Use
Our Blog Rules

Nation Media Group © 2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thecitizen.co.tz/tanzania/sports/morocco-beat-tanzania-as-ghana-and-south-africa-crash-4441682 
 ----- 
