#1  JONATHAN JANSEN | Institutional egos clashing over matric results drives me bananas
#2  TENDAI MBANJE | Frelimo 'unshaken' amid escalation of violence after Mozambique’s disputed elections
#3  ‘Don’t touch my pocket!’ SA passengers say airlines must pay for reducing their carbon footprint, not them
#4  Conscious breathing can reduce anxiety and depression – tips for how to do it
#5  As Gaza suffers, experts call on hunger monitor to redefine famine
#1  JONATHAN JANSEN | Institutional egos clashing over matric results drives me bananas
#2  TENDAI MBANJE | Frelimo 'unshaken' amid escalation of violence after Mozambique’s disputed elections
#3  ‘Don’t touch my pocket!’ SA passengers say airlines must pay for reducing their carbon footprint, not them
#4  Conscious breathing can reduce anxiety and depression – tips for how to do it
#5  As Gaza suffers, experts call on hunger monitor to redefine famine
SOCCER
Tshabalala praises Sundowns Ladies’ intensity winning Champions League final
20 November 2023 - 14:21
Marc Strydom
Digital Sports Editor
 
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies lift the trophy after winning the Caf Women's Champions League final against Sporting Casablanca of Morocco at Stade Amadou Gon Coulibaly in Korhogo, Ivory Coast, on Sunday night.
Image: Confederation of African Football/X

Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies coach Jerry Tshabalala has praised his team’s intensity to maintain their energy through the 2023 Caf Women’s Champions League final and run out convincing 3-0 winners against Sporting Casablanca on Sunday night.

Goals from Refilwe Tholakele in the 21st minute and Boitumelo Rabale three minutes later gave Downs a 2-0 lead at the break at Stade Amadou Gon Coulibaly in Korhogo, Ivory Coast. Tholakele added a safety goal in the 78th.

The Brazilians impressively did not concede a goal in five matches in the tournament, scoring 10 as they clinched their second Women’s Champions League title after lifting the inaugural competition’s trophy in 2021. Downs lost in the final last year.

“They normally say lightning doesn’t strike twice in the same place but I think in this case it has,” Tshabalala said.

“In 2021 we won the tournament without conceding, in the third edition we’ve done it again. I wouldn’t say it means we were stronger than the other teams but I think we were well prepared.”

Tshabalala said given Sporting played an extra half-hour in their intense semifinal on Wednesday against Ampem Darkoa of Ghana, which the Moroccan club won on penalties after a 2-2 scoreline at the end of extra time, he asked Sundowns to come out with intensity in the final.

What impressed the coach was how his side maintained their energy levels to the final whistle.

“Honestly speaking I wasn’t expecting my players to keep the same intensity we started the game with,” Tshabalala said.

“When you look at the first 20 minutes, I said [to the players], ‘We need to suffocate them with a high intensity’. We knew they had played extra time and went to penalties, and there was a good chance they would be tired.

“I think it worked really well for us. But in terms of the girls bringing more energy to the tank, I think it goes back to the training sessions we’ve been having. They were very light, not that demanding, so the girls could recuperate as early as possible.”

Sundowns cleaned up in the awards for the tournament. Rabale won Best Player, Tholakele was top scorer (five goals), Andile Dlamini won Best Goalkeeper and Downs also won the Fair Play award.

“The awards really represent a lot. They mean that the hard work the team has been doing is being rewarded,” Tshabalala said.

“It can only be through the hard work that one wins the awards and we really appreciate that work from the players, technical team and everyone involved.”

Tshabalala is also nominated in the 2023 Caf Awards for Coach of the Year (Women) along with Banyana Banyana boss Desiree Ellis, who steered the national team to the 2023 World Cup quarterfinals.

“It’s the second time I’ve been nominated for the Caf Awards. I’m just hoping this time I’ll bring it home. But awards are awards — it’s just an appreciation of your good work.”

READ MORE:
Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies crowned African champs after emphatic victory over Casablanca
Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies cemented their place as the queens of football in Africa as they were crowned Caf Women's Champions League winners for the ...
SPORT1 year ago
Netflix to feature doccie on Sundowns Ladies, ‘Banyana ba Style’
Netflix will air a documentary on the Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies and their quest to win the inaugural Caf Women's Champions League in 2021, the club ...
SPORT1 year ago
Sundowns Ladies out to confirm place among world’s elite in Champions final
As Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies aim to win their second women’s Caf Champions League this weekend, coach Jerry Tshabalala is proud of how his team has ...
SPORT1 year ago
Banyana Ba Style on the brink of history in Caf's Champions League
Just like their Chloorkop male counterparts, Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies have serious appetite for African football success.
SPORT1 year ago
Bafana get 2026 World Cup qualifying campaign to promising start
Bafana Bafana got their 2026 Fifa World Cup qualifying campaign off to a promising start when they beat Benin 2-1 in a match Hugo Broos’s side ...
SPORT1 year ago
How club boss who found Pirates’ new star Baloni never made money from it
But JDR Stars owner and coach Nditsheni Nemasisi admits it is solely his fault he missed out on a chance to cash in
SPORT1 year ago
‘Killer’ has nothing to prove to anyone, says Safpu president Gaoshubelwe as Katlego Mphela gets new job
South African Football Players Union (Safpu) president Thulaganyo Gaoshubelwe has commended former Mamelodi Sundowns and Kaizer Chiefs striker ...
SPORT1 year ago
Mental health issues like Foster’s are wider than reported, says sports psychologist
Bafana goalkeeper and coach praise the Burnley striker for coming forward and say there’s no shame in seeking help
SPORT1 year ago
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Next Article

Would you like to comment on this article?
Sign up (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

SIGN UP
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
Discover the AI writing partn er that understands your audience.
Writing to your boss is different...
Grammarly
Seven people, including toddl er, killed in head-on collision on N4 in Mpumalanga
A head-on collision between two...
年菜早鳥好評最後一波【全館滿$2988現折$200】，早鳥福利只 到1/3 11:00 現在下訂，年前到貨！
越早買越划算，趕緊囤貨迎新年！再享年菜自由配95折，手刀搶購別錯過！
老協珍
Flies and foul smell leads to discovery of decomposed bodies of mom and daughter
Police peeped through a window...
多功能工作桌｜垂直收納
1/1-2/18 滿千送百無上限，再抽北海道機票
宜得利家居
了解更多
LISTEN | Diabetic Baleka Mbete opens up and urges young people to take care of their health
Opening up about her health,...
MOST READ
Former Kaizer Chiefs coach Muhsin Ertugral makes dramatic return to PSL
SOCCER
No standing still as innovation and change beckon for sport in 2025
SPORT
SA20 boss Graeme Smith lauds Proteas for reaching WTC final
CRICKET
Mulder fit and raring to go but starting spot not guaranteed at Newlands
CRICKET
'This, without doubt, is the one innings that I will remember for the rest of ...
CRICKET
LATEST VIDEOS
Trump sides with Musk in H-1B foreign workers visa debate | REUTERS
'GNU is meaningless'-Jacob Zuma
READ MORE
About us
Contact us
Advertise
Subscribe
Mobile site
FAQs
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
OUR NETWORK
SowetanLIVE
BusinessLIVE
Business Day
Financial Mail
HeraldLIVE
DispatchLIVE
Wanted Online
SA Home Owner
Business Media MAGS
Arena Events
Careers and Tenders
© 2025 Arena Holdings (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timeslive.co.za/sport/soccer/2023-11-20-tshabalala-praises-sundowns-ladies-intensity-winning-champions-league-final/ 
 ----- 
