Skip to main content
x-twitter
facebook
youtube
instagram
 TICKETS
 HOSPITALITY
 NEWSLETTER
 MEMBERSHIP
Close Search
search
Menu
International CricketMain News
MEN’S TEST – ENGLAND V SRI LANKA: MATCH-DAY INFORMATION
September 5, 2024
Below is all the key information you need before the third and final men’s Test between England and Sri Lanka at The Kia Oval. We hope that you enjoy the match!
DATE

Friday 06 – Tuesday 10 September 2024

OPENING TIMES

Gates open at 9 am

We strongly advise that all fans arrive at the ground early, with tickets downloaded onto to their phones or printed out, to avoid any delays in entering. The gates will be open 2 hours prior to the start of play.

Please be mindful that there will be bag searches in place upon arrival which may add to your queuing time.

SCHEDULE OF PLAY

Start: 11 am

Estimated Lunch: 1:00 pm

Estimated Tea: 3:40 pm

Estimated Close: 6:00 pm

TICKETS

A limited number of tickets for the men’s Test between England and Sri Lanka are available and can be bought here.

The easiest way to access your match day tickets is through The Kia Oval App. Please make sure you have the latest version of the app downloaded, and have logged in to access your tickets, ahead of visiting the ground. Once you log in, please allow up to 10 minutes for the tickets to appear in your account.

Step-by-step guide to access your tickets via The Kia Oval App:

Download The Kia Oval App through your respective app stores.
Click Log in or sign up to log into your Surrey Ticketing Account – the one used to purchase your tickets.
Click Your Ticket Wallet under the Tickets tab at the bottom of the app.
All of the tickets associated with your account will appear in the ‘Your Tickets’ section of your Ticket Wallet.
Click on the match that your tickets are associated to and all of the ones that you have purchased will appear. If you are sharing tickets with other attendees via the app, please reference the instructions that are listed on the website or app. If you have re-assigned tickets through your ‘Friends and Family’ Network, please read below.

Please note, there is a live fraud-prevention mechanism in place on all tickets for The Kia Oval, and any photographs or screenshots of tickets will not be eligible to gain entry to the ground.

If you have re-assigned tickets to someone through your ‘Family and Friends’ Network on your Surrey Ticketing Account, they need an active account themselves to view tickets in the app. For the recipient to access the tickets via the app, they need to have created a Surrey Ticketing Account themselves here, and then logged into the app to activate it. The email address used to create the Surrey Ticketing Account must match the one that was used when the tickets were re-assigned.

Alternatively, you are able to download your tickets to your phone to either access as a .PDF or to print.

To download your tickets, please follow the below instructions:

Log-into your Surrey Ticketing Account here
Click ‘Order History’ in the navigation on the right of the page
Click on ‘See Details’ next to the tickets that you would like to download
Click Print next to the ticket that you would like to download
Your ticket(s) will then download

Please note that you do not need to print your tickets. Your tickets can be scanned from your mobile device either from The Kia Oval App, or by accessing your Surrey Ticketing Account and downloading the digital version.

If you have any issues with your tickets on the day, please visit the Ticket Office located adjacent to the Hobbs gate at the Pavilion End of the ground. A Member of the team will be happy to help.

TRAVEL

Spectators are advised to plan their journey in advance as there are scheduled engineering works affecting travel to the ground, especially on Saturday and Sunday.

South Western Railway via Earlsfield will be disrupted on Saturday and Sunday – Days 2 & 3 – due to engineering work taking place between London Waterloo and Berrylands / Byfleet, closing all lines. Rail replacement buses will be running to and from Clapham Junction. Learn more about it here.

On Saturday and Sunday, the Vauxhall train station will also be affected by engineering works with a reduced train service running in each direction. Consequently, there will be a queuing system in operation and passengers will be expected to wait for access to the station.

If possible, spectators using the National Rail to travel to the ground are urged to avoid travelling via Vauxhall station on the weekend. You can also access the Kia Oval from nearby National Rail stations such as Brixton, Elephant and Castle, and Waterloo.

BY CAR

No match-day parking is available at, or in the vicinity, of the ground and we advise all fans to use public transport.

BY NATIONAL RAIL

The Kia Oval is located just a six-minute walk from Vauxhall station, served by South Western Railway trains coming in and out of Waterloo.

BY LONDON UNDERGROUND

Vauxhall Underground station is on the Victoria line, with services every few minutes, and just a six-minute walk from the JM Finn Stand End of the ground.

Oval and Kennington Underground stations are both on the Northern line and just a few minutes from the Pavilion End of the ground.

BY BUS

Route numbers 36, 185 and 436 stop outside the ground and the following buses stop within a five-minute walk of The Kia Oval: 3, 59, 109, 133, 159, 333. For more information, and to plan your journey to The Kia Oval via the London Underground, click here.

BY BIKE

Spectators are encouraged to use sustainable modes of transport such as walking or cycling to the ground from nearby transport hubs or local destinations.

A limited number of bike parking spaces are available within The Kia Oval for the Vitality County Championship, Metro Bank One Day Cup, and Surrey women’s fixtures. Located at the Vauxhall end of the ground, this is available on a first-come, first-serve basis.

On major matchdays, such as Vitality Blast, The Hundred, and international games, limited bike parking spaces will be made available on the closed roads adjacent to the ground, spaces will be available on a first-come, first-served basis and parking will be at the owner’s risk. On-site bike parking will NOT be available.

There are multiple Santander bike docking stations located close to the stadium. Additionally, there are bicycle stands to secure your own bicycles in surrounding areas. Spectators are advised to bring their own locks to ensure the safety of their bicycles.

EXITING THE GROUND

In order to improve spectator safety when leaving the ground at the end of the game, The Kia Oval, in conjunction with TfL and Lambeth Council, will be altering the public highway directly outside the ground. This will result in the 30-minute suspension of the southbound bus lane as well as some bus stops directly outside of the venue after the play ends. On Saturday and Sunday, the Cycle Super Highway will also be closed for 30 minutes post-play.

The closest southbound bus service can be found outside Kennington Park or on Durham Street. The closest northbound bus services can be found outside Archbishop Tenison’s School, Harleyford Road and Vauxhall Bus Station.

MEMBERS’ ACCESS

In order to gain entry into the Micky Stewart Members’ Pavilion, Members will be required to scan in using their ticket. For those who do not have a ticket in the Pavilion, access will be dependent on capacity and Stewards’ discretion and will need to scan their Membership card for entry. Please note that if Members’ tickets are not located in the Micky Stewart Members’ Pavilion, there is no guarantee that they will be able to access the area.

DRINK CUPS AT THE KIA OVAL

Due to some logistical challenges over the current cup scheme, for the upcoming fixtures at the Kia Oval, recyclable drink cups will be in use in all general admission and Members’ areas.

THE KIA OVAL APP

Download The Kia Oval App and Enhance Your Experience.

Download our mobile app for free on both iOS and Android devices ahead of visiting the ground. Key features include:

Tickets: Access and share match day tickets within The Kia Oval App and enjoy an efficient and safe entry into the ground. Tickets can also be purchased through the app for upcoming fixtures. Instructions for accessing your tickets can be found below.
Plan Your Visit: View essential pre-match, travel and venue information to ensure your day at the ground is as enjoyable as possible.
Engage: Read the latest news, enjoy the Club Shop, view the first team squads and more as you get closer to the Club.
Hospitality: Browse all the premium experiences on offer at the ground, as well as receive important-specific information ahead of your Hospitality experience.
Conference and Events: Explore the range of non-match day facilities available at The Kia Oval, and get relevant information ahead of visiting The Kia Oval for a conference or event.
Members: Members of Surrey County Cricket Club can access exclusive content and bring them closer to the benefits of their Membership.
Notifications: Please ensure you have push notifications turned on so we can keep you up to date with key information for the match day that you are attending.
FOOD AND DRINK

A wide selection of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages will be available for purchase around the ground, including in four Fever-Tree bars, specialist cocktail bars, and wine bars. Alcohol-free, vegan and gluten-free drinks are also available from most concourse bars. A full concessions map is available on the Kia Oval App. Water fountains are also located around the ground or, alternatively, staff at any bar will be able to give you tap water for free.

A range of hot and cold food will be available from various concessions all over the ground, including Yardbirds Chicken Burgers, Deep Blue Fish and Chips, Oh My Dog Hot Dogs, Pizza and Co Pizza and Kebab Kid Kebabs.

Vegan and/or halal options will be available throughout the ground, including at concessions such as Brilliant Punjabi, Chunkys, Gamekeeper, Chicken Bandits, Kennington Tandoori Curry, Lil Watan, and many more.

Please note that the Kia Oval is a cashless venue and only card payment will be taken.

As this is a Test match, supporters are NOT permitted to bring their own alcohol, metal cutlery, or glass into the ground. Fans are still welcome to bring their own food into the ground.

ACTIVITIES AROUND THE GROUND

Test yourself against the best bowlers in the world with Bat Fast! Their batting simulation will be located in the Pavilion forecourt for the first three days.

Chance to Shine will also be offering fans a virtual reality cricket experience under the Galadari Stand on day one. They are a national charity that aims to give all children the opportunity to play, learn, and develop through cricket. Every year they deliver free cricket sessions, in state schools and communities, to over half a million young people, transforming their lives through the sport.

Brixton Chamber Orchestra will be performing at the Pavilion end of the ground on days two and three, ahead of the start of play at 10 am as well as after the morning session, with their live performance finishing at 1:45 pm. 

CLUB SHOP & BOOK SIGNING

There is an exciting offer in the Club Shop, with 20% off on the 2024 Surrey Castore Range, including the T20 shirt and training wear.

On Day 1, Lawrence Booth and Nick Hoult will be on hand in the Club Chop under the Galadari Stand to sign copies of their book ‘Bazball: The Inside Story of a Test Cricket Revolution’.

Besides the one in the Galadari Stand, another Club Shop can be found at the back of block 11 in the JM Finn Stand.

YOUR SAFETY IN AND AROUND THE GROUND

The Kia Oval takes the safety and security of all guests very seriously and as such, there will be enhanced security measures in place for all our events.

When arriving to the ground by foot, please use the pedestrian crossings at both the Vauxhall and Oval end of the ground as the roads are very busy. If you arrive using TfL’s London Santander Cycles, please ensure that you park them in the allocated docking stations. If you use any other alternative cycle-hire scheme, please also park these in an appropriate position away from the roads.

We strongly advise that all fans arrive to the ground early to avoid any delays in entering. The gates will be open 2 hours prior to the start of play.

Please be aware of the risks of cricket balls entering the stands from the field of play. We ask that all fans stay vigilant of airborne cricket balls whilst in their seat and in the vicinity of the playing field. It is also important for fans to be cautious of ball games when walking around the concourse of the ground, particularly during breaks in play.

GROUND MAP
WHAT YOU CAN BRING?

The International Cricket Council (ICC) has implemented a ban on the importation of alcohol, glass containers and metal cans.

Only flags representing the nations competing in the fixture will be permitted into the ground.

Due to the availability of space, we advise all fans to avoid bringing any large luggage items into the ground. All bags that you bring into the ground must be able to be stored under your seat and kept with you at all times.

A complete list of prohibited items include; alcohol, glass, cans, musical instruments, flares, laser devices, air horns, fireworks, weapons and whistles.

REFUND POLICY

In the event of a match being cancelled due to rain or inability to admit spectators, for tickets purchased online or over the phone with a credit/debit card in the last 12 months, both part and full refunds will be made automatically. You do not need to contact us to claim your refund. To read the policy in full, please click here.

ACCESSIBILITY

As we are constantly striving to improve our standards, facilities and attitudes accordingly, we have launched a non-visible disability wristband. This optional wristband will enable fans with a non-visible disability to easily identify themselves to Club staff on match-day, should they need any assistance, without having to give an explanation or the nature of their disability. Staff can then support the individual in the appropriate way.

If you require a wristband, please collect it from Pavilion Reception upon arrival or email accessibility@surreycricket.com and one will be posted to you ahead of the match.

Fans attending with accessible needs can view our access guide here.

FIRST AID

First aid services are provided on-site at every match day at The Kia Oval. If you require first aid assistance whilst at the ground, please contact your nearest steward or go to one of our first aid centres located behind Block A of the JM Finn Stand and between Entrance 32 and 33 of the Bedser Stand.

TOILETS

Toilets are located all around the perimeter of the ground, with disabled and baby-changing facilities located behind Blocks 1, 13 and 19 of the JM Finn Stand.

Changing Places accessible toilets are located under the Galadari Stand, next to the Club Shop.

REPORTING INCIDENFS

REPORTING DISCRIMINATION

We stand against discrimination in all its forms and are committed to ensuring that cricket is a game for everyone.

If you have experienced or witnessed discrimination, you can report it to the Club here. On matchdays, this will then be shared directly with our Match Control Room.

Alongside bringing the incident to the attention of our Match Control Room, we also advise you to report it to the Club at equality@surreycricket.com and/or through the ECB’s website here. Any reports will then be triaged by the ECB and investigated by the relevant cricket organisation.

COMPLAINTS

If you wish to raise a complaint on a matchday, please talk to your nearest steward or report it via an online form here.

To provide further feedback to the Club regarding a matchday issue, please email us at customerservice@kiaoval.com.

WHAT3WORDS

The Kia Oval uses what3words to help fans and visitors find precise locations at the venue, such as gates, ticket office, Club Shop and other key locations. what3words works by assigning every 3m square a unique combination of three words: a what3words address.

We have added some popular locations here for The Kia Oval – find each location by clicking on the link or entering the corresponding 3-word address into the free what3words app:

Ticket Office:///match.trial.deals 
The Match-Day Store:///case.option.digit
Micky Stewart Members’ Pavilion Entrance:///vets.pops.shows
JM Finn Stand Reception:///raves.opra.wished
Match Day Entrances:
Hobbs Gate: ///belts.views.hears
Alec Stewart Gate: ///blame.hers.lodge
New Gate (Hospitality entrance): ///grows.wants.canny
Media & Debenture Entrance:///mops.wicked.meal
Stations:
Oval Tube Station: ///calm.filled.fans
Kennington Tube Station: ///bounty.trunk.soda
Vauxhall Tube Station: ///pink.figure.branch
Vauxhall Overground Station: ///flap.tulip.hello

For more information on how to use what3words, please click here.

FAQS

All of our match day FAQs can be found here.

BUY TICKETS
THE KIA OVAL APP
MEMBERSHIP
HOSPITALITY
SHOP SURREY
UPCOMING FIXTURES
NEVER MISS A MATCH

Visit our fixture page to stay up-to-date with the latest match schedules so you’ll never miss a ball

VIEW SCHEDULE
LATEST ARTICLES
TRIO FORM PART OF WOMEN’S PACE BOWLING PERFORMANCE PROGRAMME
December 23, 2024
FOUR SELECTED IN WOMEN’S ASHES SQUADS
December 23, 2024
TRIO SELECTED IN ENGLAND WHITE BALL SQUADS
December 22, 2024
RELATED POSTS
Main News
Trio selected in England white ball squads
TRIO SELECTED IN ENGLAND WHITE BALL SQUADS
Surrey's Gus Atkinson, Jamie Overton and Jamie Smith have been included in England's squad for the ODI, IT20 and ICC…
December 22, 2024
Main News
A message to Surrey Members from Oli Slipper
A MESSAGE TO SURREY MEMBERS FROM OLI SLIPPER
It has been another incredible, eventful year for everyone at Surrey CCC and as we head towards the festive period,…
December 20, 2024
Main News
Winter Watch: Surrey’s October to December
WINTER WATCH: SURREY’S OCTOBER TO DECEMBER
With a packed international schedule, a World Cup and franchise cricket, it's been a busy start to the winter for…
December 20, 2024
MATCHES
Domestic Fixtures
International Fixtures
League Tables
Match-Day Guide
Scorecards
TEAMS
Our Squad
Talent Pathway
Second XI
Team Statistics
TICKETS
Buy Tickets
Premium Hospitality
Ticket Terms & Conditions
Refund Policy
MEMBERSHIP
Buy a Membership
Compare Memberships
Pride of Lions Junior Membership
Member Events
CLUB
About
Surrey Cricket Foundation
Privacy Policy
Modern Slavery Statement
Safeguarding
HEAR FROM THE REY.
JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER.
5°

KIA OVAL, KENNINGTON
Last Updated: Just Now

Copyright © 2024 Surrey County Cricket Club

USEFUL LINKS

Terms Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Contact

Built By Blayney

COOKIES & PRIVACY
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. To find out more, read our Privacy Policy.
CUSTOMISE
REJECT
ACCEPT
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.kiaoval.com/mens-test-england-v-sri-lanka-match-day-information/ 
 ----- 
