NBA
Indiana Pacers
Tyrese Haliburton's admission after Suns takedown will have Pacers fans absolutely hyped

Tyrese Haliburton and the Pacers are heating up after a slow start to the season.

By 

Owen Crisafulli

Jan 5, 2025 at 10:46 AM ET

The Indiana Pacers continued their recent turnaround on Saturday night, as they picked up a 126-108 victory over the Phoenix Suns. After a slow start, the Pacers finally appear to be finding their way, and based on comments made by star point guard Tyrese Haliburton after this big win, it sounds like the good times may just be getting started for Indiana.

Just like the Pacers themselves, Haliburton endured a slow start to the season, but he's recently been coming out of his shell and looking more and more like the guy who led this team all the way to the Eastern Conference Finals last season. With the team having won eight of their last 11 games, Haliburton admitted that this is the most fun he's had on the basketball court this season.

“Pacers have won 8 of 11. Tyrese Haliburton: ‘The ball is just moving. We're playing really well offensively.' Said this is the most fun he's had all year,” Tony East shared in a post on X, formerly Twitter.

Tyrese Haliburton, Pacers finally finding their footing
Related Indiana Pacers News
Article continues below
Pacers vs. Cavaliers prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/12/2025
11h
Pacers player who must be traded soon
1d
Pacers’ Tyrese Haliburton opens up on ‘self-doubt’ amid early-season struggles
1d
Is Tyrese Haliburton playing vs. Warriors? Latest injury update
1d
Mandatory Credit: Trevor Ruszkowski-Imagn Images

Haliburton's numbers on the year (18.3 points, 8.8 assists, and 3.8 rebounds per game on 43.9% shooting) are down across the board from his breakout 2023-24 campaign, but he's shown signs of life as of late. Over the past 11 games, Haliburton is averaging 20.2 points and 9.7 assists per game, while shooting a much improved 48.1% from the floor.

The result has been Indiana's strongest stretch of the season, and while they still have just an 18-18 record, they are in a great spot to move up the Eastern Conference standings if they can keep this up. Haliburton is having a great time, and he will look to prove that this recent hot streak is not a fluke, with his next chance to do so coming on Monday when they take on the Brooklyn Nets.

Owen Crisafulli is a Senior Editor and NFL Lead at ClutchPoints, who also covers the NBA and MLB. He recently received his Masters in Business Administration from Nichols College. Previously, he obtained his Bachelor's degree in Sport Management, ran his own website, and had bylines at FanSided and the Basketball Network.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Pacers player who must be traded soon
1 day ago
Warriors vs. Pacers prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/10/2024
1 day ago
3 Top Pacers Trade Targets in 2024-25 Season
1 day ago
Pacers vs. Cavaliers prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/12/2025
10 hours ago
Is Tyrese Haliburton playing vs. Warriors? Latest injury update
1 day ago
Commentator creates buzz after using LiAngelo Ball lyrics after Lonzo Ball move
3 days ago
Pacers’ Tyrese Haliburton opens up on ‘self-doubt’ amid early-season struggles
1 day ago
Pacers go viral for jersey number hijinks vs. Bulls
2 days ago
Pacers sign intriguing young player to contract in latest roster move
1 week ago
Sources: The Pacers reason Warriors are watching Cam Johnson trade talks
5 days ago
Bulls vs. Pacers prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
3 days ago
Is Tyrese Haliburton playing vs. Bulls? Latest injury update
3 days ago
Tyrese Haliburton
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/pacers-news-tyrese-haliburtons-admission-suns-takedown-fans-absolutely-hyped 
 ----- 
