Home
Cricket
Star New Zealand all-rounder, who scored a duck on...

Trending

Champions Trophy Updates
India vs Australia Test Series
WCPL News
Star New Zealand all-rounder, who scored a duck on debut and last game, quits international cricket
New Zealand all-rounder Colin de Grandhomme on August 31 (Wednesday) announced his retirement from international cricket at the age of 36.

SportsTak

UPDATED:Aug 31, 2022 09:01 IST

New Zealand all-rounder Colin de Grandhomme on August 31 (Wednesday) announced his retirement from international cricket at the age of 36. Grandhomme took the decision after consultation with the New Zealand Cricket Board and the latter has decided to release the all-rounder from its central contract. The Kiwi all-rounder called quits after considering numerous factors, including his tryst with injuries. 

 

Play
Unmute
Loaded: 0.64%
Fullscreen

“I accept that I am not getting any younger and that the training is getting harder, particularly with the injuries,” said de Grandhomme in a statement released by New Zealand Cricket. 

"I also have a growing family and am trying to understand what my future looks like post-cricket. All of this has been on my mind over the past few weeks.

“I’ve been fortunate enough to have had the opportunity to play for the BLACKCAPS since debuting in 2012 and I’m proud of my international career - but I feel this is the right time to finish,” he continued. 

 

The Zimbabwean-born Kiwi represented the Black Caps in 29 Tests, 45 ODIs and 41 T20Is. He retires from international cricket after scoring 1,432 runs in Tests, 742 runs in ODIs and 505 runs in T20Is. The right-arm medium pacer also bagged 91 wickets at the top level. 

 

Grandhomme represented Royal Challengers Bangalore in 25 Indian Premier League (IPL) matches but failed to make an everlasting impact. 

 

The explosive lower-order batter began his international career in 2012 and after competing at the highest level for a decade, he hung up his boots. Interestingly, Grandhomme was not out on zero in his debut match while he was run out for a duck in his last game for New Zealand. 

 

“I’ve loved being part of this team over the past decade and am grateful for the experiences we’ve shared together,” he said. 

"I’ve made many lasting friendships with team-mates, coaching staff and opponents, and will treasure the memories for the rest of my life," Grandhomme concluded. 

Back

Share

Related News

'If both Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli intend to continue...': Ex-India star's big advice to struggling duo ahead of England Test series

RECOMMENDED

'We talk a lot about Rishabh but...': Irfan Pathan sheds light on Pant's knock in Sydney Test of Border-Gavaskar Trophy 2024-25

RECOMMENDED

'He should be okay to bat but..': Massive update on Jasprit Bumrah's injury ahead of day 3 of Sydney Test

RECOMMENDED

Watch: Virat Kohli breaks into wild celebration after Jasprit Bumrah shows Sam Konstas his place with following heated exchange during Sydney Test

RECOMMENDED

IND vs AUS: Scott Boland-Mitchell Starc combined 7-fer breaks India's back as Jasprit Bumrah's men bowled out for paltry 185 in Sydney Test

RECOMMENDED

'Border-Gavaskar Trophy series might have been more one-sided without Jasprit Bumrah': Australia legend's ultimate praise for India superstar

RECOMMENDED

'I wasn’t in a frame of mind where...': Rishabh Pant honest admission on defensive batting in Sydney Test following Gautam Gambhir's instructions

RECOMMENDED

'I've never seen somebody with the kind of performance and...': Ex-India cricketer gives massive statement on Virat Kohli's 'weakness' ahead of Sydney Test

RECOMMENDED

Gautam Gambhir's strict warning to Team India stars ahead of 5th Test against Australia, says 'you need to play what the...'

RECOMMENDED

BCCI to replace head coach after Champions Trophy 2025? Reports claim massive revelation on Gautam Gambhir's future with Team India

RECOMMENDED
Quick Links

Vitality Blast 2024

WCPL News

Trending News
After thumping loss against Australia, Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli will likely return to action with this crucial series
'When there's smoke, there's fire': AB de Villiers shares his honest opinion on rumours of rift in Indian dressing room
When will next Border-Gavaskar Trophy happen? Check where will India and Australia face each other in Test series
'You could be more sensible about it': Gautam Gambhir hits out at media over coverage of Rohit Sharma stepping down for Sydney Test
Sunil Gavaskar left 'perplexed' with Cricket Australia's decision to not involve Legendary Indian cricketer for Trophy presentation, says 'just because I am an Indian..'
Sunil Gavaskar left fuming after India fail to retain Border-Gavaskar Trophy, says 'Arey humko kya maloom cricket ka. Humari kaun sunega?'
'If you've commitment to play red-ball cricket then play domestic': Gautam Gambhir's big advice to Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli and other Indian stars after 3-1 loss against India
'It's a tough sport played by tough men': Gautam Gambhir's strong retort to Australia head coach's allegations of intimidating Sam Konstas
'They'll decide what is best for India cricket...have to be honest and fair': Gautam Gambhir's massive remark on Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli's future after 3-1 loss against Australia
'Does the Indian team deserve this from a senior player?': Irfan Pathan makes scathing remark on Virat Kohli, wants him replaced by a youngster
Quick Links
Home
Schedule
Shorts
Visual Stories
Polls
Top Categories
• Cricket
• Olympics
• Football
• Tennis
• Kabaddi
• Basketball
• Motor Sports
Top Leagues
• T20 World Cup- 2024
• IPL 2024
• India tour of Sri Lanka 2024
• Women's T20 Asia Cup
• Wimbledon 2024
• NBA
• F1
Schedule
• India Tour of Sri Lanka- 2024
• Bangladesh Tour of India-2024
• Bangladesh Tour of Pakistan-2024
• New Zealand Tour of Sri Lanka 2024
• ICC CWC League 2
About us
Privacy policy
Terms of Use
© 2024-2025, All Rights Reserved
Home
Visual Stories
Shorts
Schedule
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thesportstak.com/cricket/story/star-new-zealand-all-rounder-who-scored-a-duck-on-debut-and-last-game-quits-international-cricket-3036089-2022-08-31 
 ----- 
