This site asks for consent to use your data

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Manage Options
Consent
Skip to content
Home
News
Geingob’s Funeral
Live
Crime
Politics
Health
Popular
Youth Central
Obituaries
Environment
Features
Photo of the Day
Energy Centre
Corrections
National
Elections
Business
Economy
Personal Finance
Real Estate
Management Tips
Opinions
Entrepreneurs
Tenders
Competitions
Multimedia
Desert Radio
Podcast
Video
Opinions
Editorials
Opinions
Letters
Cartoons
Speeches and Statements
Manifestos 2024
Lifestyle
Entertainment
Fashion
WhatsOn
Travel
TopRevs
Faces at Places
Food
Tourism
Investigative Unit
All Reports
Fishrot
Special Reports
Multimedia
Profiles
About Us
Sport
Football
Boxing
Cricket
Rugby
Tennis
Athletics
Cycling
Hockey
General
Supplements
Oshiwambo
Subscribe Now
Digital Subscription
Search
Nigeria, Cameroon win after chaotic Afcon build-ups
Cameroon’s striker #11 Christian Bassogog in action during the 2025 CAF Africa Cup of Nations Group J football match between Cameroon and Namibia at Roumde Adja stadium in Garoua, on September 7, 2024. AFP

By AFP

7 September 2024

Former champions Nigeria and Cameroon put chaotic build-ups behind them on Saturday to make winning starts in 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying.

Ademola Lookman, the lone African nominee for the 2024 Ballon d’Or men’s award, scored twice and reigning African Footballer of the Year Victor Osimhen once as Nigeria beat Benin 3-0 in Uyo.

Veteran Vincent Aboubakar, leading scorer at the 2022 AFCON with eight goals, netted in the second half to earn Cameroon a 1-0 victory over Namibia in Garoua.

In the other qualifier on the final day of matchday one action, Mauritania edged Botswana 1-0 in Group C thanks to a late Sidi Amar goal in Nouakchott.

After agreeing to coach Nigeria, German Bruno Labbadia did a last-minute u-turn when the national football federation declined to pay the tax on his undisclosed monthly salary.

Augustine Eguavoen was named caretaker coach of a team still smarting from a stunning mid-year 2026 World Cup qualifying loss to Benin, who lie 52 places lower on the world rankings.

The interim boss watched anxiously as the Super Eagles did not translate territorial supremacy into goals until first-half added time, when Lookman struck.

Osimhen, who join Galatasaray on loan this week after a hoped-for move to either Chelsea, Paris Saint-Germain or Saudi side Al Ahly did not materialise, came off the bench to net on 78 minutes.

As huge gaps appeared in the defence of demoralised Benin, Lookman struck again with seven minutes of regular time remaining to take Nigeria top of Group D, two points above Rwanda.

Rows over the match venue and which players would represent Cameroon overshadowed preparations for the Group J fixture against Namibia.

Initially set for Douala, the fixture was moved to Yaounde by the sports ministry, then Garoua by the national football federation, which former Barcelona star Samuel Eto’o heads.

Cameroon Prime Minister Joseph Ngute intervened and ordered the game to be played in the northwestern city of Garoua, but the drama did not end there.

Four-time African Footballer of the Year Eto’o threatened to field the national under-20 team against Namibia instead of the senior side as a power struggle with the ministry continued.

The federation then had to wait until the morning of the match before receiving the passports of the senior players in order to create an official team sheet.

Victory lifted Cameroon to the top of the table, two points above Zimbabwe and Kenya, who drew 0-0 on Friday.

Stay informed with The Namibian – your source for credible journalism. Get in-depth reporting and opinions for only N$85 a month. Invest in journalism, invest in democracy –
Subscribe Now!

 
 
 
 
Trending Stories
IPC leader’s election case must not give NNN sleepless nights, analysts say
IPC asks courts to declare election results invalid
Man dies after following frogs into well
SA woman stuck in Dubai gets over R114 000 in donations to pay off loan after bank offers a discount
Namibian Correctional Service to recruit 200 young people
Latest News
NamWater owed over N$2 billion
27 December 2024
Landmark SCA ruling opens door for Nelson Mandela Bay to reclaim millions in wasteful expenditure
27 December 2024
IPC leader’s election case must not give NNN sleepless nights, analysts say
26 December 2024
Ghana’s Christmas Gift for Africans
26 December 2024




42 John Meinert Street, Windhoek,Namibia, +264 61 279 600

The Namibian
© All rights reserved.

Get involved
Archive
Subscribe Now
Useful links
Desert Radio
Podcast
Video
Digital Subscription
About the website
Archive
About Us
Contact Us
Oshiwambo
Newsletters
Corrections
Download our app
Android
iOS
Follow us

Unless otherwise indicated, copyright in the content of this website vest in The Free Press of Namibia (Proprietary) Limited (Registration No 85/058). The unauthorized making of copies or use of this material constitutes a copyright infringment under the Namibian Copyright and Neighbouring Rights Protection Act, 1994 (Act No 6 of 1994).

Powered by PageSuite © 2024 The Namibian. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.namibian.com.na/nigeria-cameroon-win-afer-chaotic-afcon-build-ups/ 
 ----- 
