This site asks for consent to use your data

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Manage Options
Consent
Skip to content
Home
News
Geingob’s Funeral
Live
Crime
Politics
Health
Popular
Youth Central
Obituaries
Environment
Features
Photo of the Day
Energy Centre
Corrections
National
Elections
Business
Economy
Personal Finance
Real Estate
Management Tips
Opinions
Entrepreneurs
Tenders
Competitions
Multimedia
Desert Radio
Podcast
Video
Opinions
Editorials
Opinions
Letters
Cartoons
Speeches and Statements
Manifestos 2024
Lifestyle
Entertainment
Fashion
WhatsOn
Travel
TopRevs
Faces at Places
Food
Tourism
Investigative Unit
All Reports
Fishrot
Special Reports
Multimedia
Profiles
About Us
Sport
Football
Boxing
Cricket
Rugby
Tennis
Athletics
Cycling
Hockey
General
Supplements
Oshiwambo
Subscribe Now
Digital Subscription
Search
Warriors ‘shortchanged’ in Cameroon 
Guy-Marcelin Kilama of Cameroon in action against Ivan Kamberipa of Namibia during the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations Qualifiers match between Cameroon and Namibia at Roumdé Adjia Stadium in Garoua, Cameroon 7 September 2024. BackpagePix

By Sheefeni Nikodemus

9 September 2024

Brave Warriors head coach Collin Benjamin believes external ‘elements’ influenced the outcome of Namibia’s 1-0 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying defeat to Cameroon in Garoua on Saturday.

This is after several calls went against his side, including Vincent Aboubakar’s 65th minute winner which appeared to have been set up from an offside position when he tapped home a rebound off Bryan Mbeumo’s shot.

The Brave Warriors, who frustrated their illustrious hosts for large periods, could have forced a draw or snatched victory altogether, had they capitalised on a flurry of late chances.

The result leaves Namibia bottom of Group J, with Cameroon’s Indomitable Lions topping the standings on three points. Kenya and Zimbabwe are joint-second after earning a point each in their goalless draw in Kampala, Uganda, a day earlier.

The Brave Warriors need to get the disappointment of that defeat out of their system and focus on bouncing back at home to Kenya’s Harambee Stars in Johannesburg on Tuesday.

Cameroon travel to Kampala to face Zimbabwe’s Warriors.

Benjamin was incensed with the officiating on Saturday and made his feelings known in the post match interview.

He was adamant that the playing field in the Lions’ den was not level.

“I think we played a very good game. I think we created the better chances. I’m proud of my boys, proud of my team,” Benjamin said.

“We played against a very good team. But I think the only disadvantage was here. Yes, Cameroon scored, but we’re also playing against Africa,” he said of the calls that went against the Brave Warriors.

“I don’t want to talk anything about the referees, but I think sometimes we have to be fair. No, I’m not here for atmosphere. It’s soccer, it’s football, it’s good.

“But I still say that we have to check certain things. I think we were the better team. And I think there were some elements in play that were not fair.

“I think it was not fair. So, I think we have to look at that and just try to play in a good spirit,” Benjamin said.

His opposite number, Marc Brys, focused on the result, saying they had to dig deep to attain victory and are now focused on the next match.

“It was difficult, it was hard. It cost us a lot of energy,” Brys says.

“And we have to play a game in three days. So, we have to recover well for the next game.”

Stay informed with The Namibian – your source for credible journalism. Get in-depth reporting and opinions for only N$85 a month. Invest in journalism, invest in democracy –
Subscribe Now!

 
 
 
 
Trending Stories
IPC leader’s election case must not give NNN sleepless nights, analysts say
IPC asks courts to declare election results invalid
Man dies after following frogs into well
SA woman stuck in Dubai gets over R114 000 in donations to pay off loan after bank offers a discount
Namibian Correctional Service to recruit 200 young people
Latest News
NamWater owed over N$2 billion
27 December 2024
Landmark SCA ruling opens door for Nelson Mandela Bay to reclaim millions in wasteful expenditure
27 December 2024
IPC leader’s election case must not give NNN sleepless nights, analysts say
26 December 2024
Ghana’s Christmas Gift for Africans
26 December 2024




42 John Meinert Street, Windhoek,Namibia, +264 61 279 600

The Namibian
© All rights reserved.

Get involved
Archive
Subscribe Now
Useful links
Desert Radio
Podcast
Video
Digital Subscription
About the website
Archive
About Us
Contact Us
Oshiwambo
Newsletters
Corrections
Download our app
Android
iOS
Follow us

Unless otherwise indicated, copyright in the content of this website vest in The Free Press of Namibia (Proprietary) Limited (Registration No 85/058). The unauthorized making of copies or use of this material constitutes a copyright infringment under the Namibian Copyright and Neighbouring Rights Protection Act, 1994 (Act No 6 of 1994).

Powered by PageSuite © 2024 The Namibian. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.namibian.com.na/warriors-shortchanged-in-cameroon/ 
 ----- 
