Login
Bangladesh
International
Sports
Opinion
Business
Youth
Entertainment
Lifestyle
Claim vs Fact
বাংলা
By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy.
OK
Interview
Interview
Photo
Cricket
ICC T20 World Cup
Frustration as rain, rain just won’t go away
AFP
Melbourne
Published: 29 Oct 2022, 04: 38
Follow us
A security official stays in rain as the ICC men's Twenty20 World Cup 2022 cricket match between New Zealand and Afghanistan being abandoned due to rain at Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) on 26 October, 2022 in MelbourneAFP

ICC Twenty20 World Cup is in danger of being diminished by bad weather after more rain forced the abandonment of both matches in Melbourne on Friday including an Australia-England blockbuster.

Forecasters warn that more rain -- but also some sun -- is on its way in the coming days in Australian cities hosting what should be the pinnacle of cricket’s shortest format.

The famed Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG), which will stage the final on 13 November, was buffeted by almost non-stop rain on Friday.

First the weather claimed Ireland’s match against Afghanistan without a ball being sent down, meaning the Afghans have had two of their three World Cup matches abandoned because of rain. They lost the other.

A digital screen displays the news that the match is abandoned due to the weather conditions during the ICC men's Twenty20 World Cup 2022 match between Australia and England at Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) in Melbourne on 28 October, 2022.AFP

Teams take one point each when a match is washed out and they are not rescheduled.

“Very frustrating. Obviously after the (washed out) New Zealand game, you thought no way is it going to happen twice,” Afghanistan coach Jonathan Trott, the former England batsman, said at a sodden MCG.

“The frustrating thing as well is there’s a stadium down the road that’s got a roof on it as well so you can play cricket there, so we could have had lots of cricket,” Trott added.

Also Read
Rain washes out Afghanistan and Ireland clash
28 Oct 2022

With the rain refusing to go away, the highly anticipated clash between Ashes rivals Australia and England then fell victim, doing neither team any favour as two of the pre-tournament favourites attempt to rescue their failing title bids.

“The outfield has taken a drenching over the last couple of weeks, as wet as I’ve ever seen it,” said Australia skipper Aaron Finch.

“The run-ups and around the circle were very, very wet. It’s about player safety.”

Also Read
Australia v England washout leaves all to play for at T20 World Cup
28 Oct 2022

The Super 12 stage has now seen four games out of a scheduled 14 abandoned because of rain -- three in Melbourne and the other in Hobart.

England’s shock defeat to Ireland on Wednesday, again in Melbourne, was also impacted by rain. The Irish won by five runs on the DLS method.

Zimbabwe coach Dave Houghton made no attempt to hide his anger after umpires tried, but failed, to complete their match with South Africa in Hobart on Monday in what he called “ridiculous” amounts of rain.

Zimbabwe fast bowler Richard Ngarava slipped and had to be taken off injured before the game was eventually called off just as South Africa closed on victory.

Mixed forecast

Forecasters are blaming La Nina for heavier-than-usual downpours and cooler temperatures in northern and eastern Australia and said they expect the weather system to hang around for the whole of November -- the rest of the World Cup.

Teams are generally trying to put a brave face on it and, publicly at least, say they can adapt to whatever the conditions throw at them.

But questions are growing about the format of the tournament -- teams play five matches in two weeks in the Super 12 stage -- and the timing of it.

“That’s what happens this time of year and the beginning of (Australian) summers,” said Trott.

“This always has the potential to happen, and it’s just really unfortunate.

“It’s what makes tournaments unpredictable. It makes tournaments exciting with regard to the matches coming up, must-win games,” he added.

Australia’s Bureau of Meteorology is predicting showers all next week in Melbourne but the city does not host another World Cup game until 6 November, the MCG’s penultimate match before the final.

Brisbane, Perth, Adelaide and Sydney will stage matches in the coming days. They are a mixed bag of sunshine and showers, with Brisbane mostly dry and sunny but Adelaide looking wet and even stormy.

England skipper Jos Buttler was in philosophical mood.

“Naturally we play a sport which is in the open air and the elements are a huge part of our game,” he said.

England's Captain Jos Buttler looks on after losing their the ICC men's Twenty20 World Cup 2022 match against Ireland at Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) on 26 October, 2022 in MelbourneAFP

“They affect the surfaces we play on, they affect conditions... (it’s) what makes our sport really unique.”

But pressed by reporters if the integrity of the World Cup was at stake, Buttler conceded, “If you have multiple games affected by the weather, it certainly doesn’t probably give you as truer a reflection” of the tournament.

Follow the Google news channel to get Prothom Alo's latest news
Read more from Cricket
RainCricketICC T20 World CupT20 Cricket
More on Cricket
BPL ticket crisis: Spectators stop Miraz’s car, vandalise stadium gate
30 Dec 2024
Australia beat India by 184 runs, take 2-1 series lead
30 Dec 2024
Australia remove Pant, Jadeja as India reach 244-7 at lunch
28 Dec 2024
Run machine Ayub shines as Pakistan sweep South Africa
23 Dec 2024
Bangladesh taste heartbreaking defeat to India in final
22 Dec 2024
Bangladesh beat Nepal to seal Asia Cup final
21 Dec 2024
Bowling attack gave us confidence to sweep West Indies series: Litton
20 Dec 2024
India to play Champions Trophy on neutral ground, not Pakistan
19 Dec 2024
Bangladesh
International
Sports
Opinion
Business
Youth
Entertainment
Lifestyle
Environment
Science & Technology
Corporate
Photo
Video
e-Paper
Search
বাংলা সংস্করণ
Follow us
Download mobile apps
Prothom Alo
Advertise
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Copyright © 1998-2025 Prothom Alo
Editor & Publisher: Matiur Rahman
Prothom Alo asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://en.prothomalo.com/sports/cricket/ywprjmm6ab 
 ----- 
