 
Home | NBA
Rockets Coach Praises Alperen Sengun For Impressive Offseason: 'He Had a Really Good Summer'
By Jose Enrico

Oct 08 2024, 08:11 AM EDT
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Reddit
Share on Flipboard
Share on Pocket

Alperen Sengun, the Houston Rockets center, showed glimpses of what he could be in the 2024-25 preseason opener against the Utah Jazz on Monday night. It will only be more airtime ahead of a possible contract extension. In his fourth season in the NBA, he immediately rose to the occasion and gave an all-around performance that made all growth shine through.

For his head coach Ime Udoka, the young big man is now ready to take flight for the upcoming pre-season battles.

Sengun's Impressive Stats for Limited Time
With an impressive "offseason" performance, the Houston Rockets' center Alperen Sengun is fired up to contribute to the team for the NBA pre-season since he's "in good shape." Carmen Mandato/Getty Images

In 22 minutes on the floor, Sengun scored 17 points on 4 rebounds, 4 assists, and 3 steals. According to RocketWire, he shot 6-of-8 from the field (75%) and 1-of-2 from distance (50%).

Additionally, the Turkish center split all four free throws to be perfect inside the arc, showing that he is efficient and confident in his offense.

Read also: NBA Stars Weigh In KAT-Julius Randle Trade: What's the Final Say?

Houston's Impressive First-Half Performance

It was not enough to win by 122-113, but the game's outcome was somewhat decided in its second half when both teams had to make do with their bench players. However, in the first half, the Rockets controlled the game's speed and momentum, with stars like Sengun dominating the floor.

Sengun did a little of everything to keep the Rockets on top early to prove himself valuable on offense and defense.

Better Conditioning and Even Higher Hopes

Head coach Ime Udoka has truly loved the conditioning of Sengun, perhaps showing that the young center is finally reaping the benefits of his hard work during the summer.

When Houston Chronicle Jonathan Feigen asked if Sengun conditioned better now, Udoka said that yes, the 22-year-old had conditioned better, which means even more consistent and impactful plays this season.

"I would say so. We get all the body comps and all that stuff. ... His lean muscle mass is better that it's been, and his weight is a little lower. He's in good shape, and we're going to need that from him to have a big season," Udoka said.

"He had a really good summer. He's gotten himself into tremendous shape... to be able to play on both ends, with that effort and intensity throughout," the 47-year-old coach added, referring to the next Nikola Jokic.

What's in the Future for Sengun and the Rockets?

Houston will play a few games, and Sengun and the Rockets will see if their early season momentum can continue. Their game is on Wednesday in Oklahoma City, with a 7:00 p.m. Central tip.

Viewership by fans and analysts will be at an all-time high to see if Sengun has more to give to his surprisingly good preseason appearances.

At this juncture, with an extension contract looming in the air, Sengun's performance in the latest game, however, is an all-promise sign for the Rockets organization and the fans, indicating he could be one of the important players in their future.

Related Article:  Toronto Raptors Pay Homage to Classic Purple Jerseys From Vince Carter Era

© Copyright 2025 Sports World News, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.

Join the Discussion
Most Popular
NBA Trade Rumors: Detroit Pistons Might Acquire Jimmy Butler and More at Trade Deadline
NBA Trade Rumors: Rob Pelinka Won't Trade Six Players as Lakers Show No Interest to Let Go Them
NBA Trade Rumors: Chicago Bulls Might Be the Perfect Team to Land Bradley Beal Deal
Kawhi Leonard Puts LA Clippers' On Hold For Now Following Family's Evacuation Due to Wildfires
MLB Pitcher Brian Matusz Dies at 37; Fans Send Support, Prayers to the Bereaved Family
Don't miss
Previous
Wimbledon Open 2024: Novak Djokovic Advances to 3rd Round, but Effects of Rushed Recovery Starting to Show
Euro 2024 Portugal vs France: Real Madrid's Past and Present Collide; How Does Kylian Mbappe Fare Against His Idol Cristiano Ronaldo?
Team Canada Releases NBA Champion From Olympic Training Camp Due to NBA Reason
Spain Wonderkid Lamine Yamal Has Message for His School Teachers Amid Euro 2024 Run
F1: Max Verstappen and Lando Norris' Close Friendship Takes Major Hit After Incident in Austrian Grand Prix
Warriors Reportedly Block Andrew Wiggins From Playing for Canada in 2024 Olympics Amid Trade Rumors
Boxing: Ex-NBA Player Stephen Jackson Wants Shot at Ryan Garcia; Boxer's Parents Pleads for Understanding
Wimbledon Open 2024: Novak Djokovic Advances to 3rd Round, but Effects of Rushed Recovery Starting to Show
Euro 2024 Portugal vs France: Real Madrid's Past and Present Collide; How Does Kylian Mbappe Fare Against His Idol Cristiano Ronaldo?
Team Canada Releases NBA Champion From Olympic Training Camp Due to NBA Reason
Spain Wonderkid Lamine Yamal Has Message for His School Teachers Amid Euro 2024 Run
F1: Max Verstappen and Lando Norris' Close Friendship Takes Major Hit After Incident in Austrian Grand Prix
Warriors Reportedly Block Andrew Wiggins From Playing for Canada in 2024 Olympics Amid Trade Rumors
Boxing: Ex-NBA Player Stephen Jackson Wants Shot at Ryan Garcia; Boxer's Parents Pleads for Understanding
Wimbledon Open 2024: Novak Djokovic Advances to 3rd Round, but Effects of Rushed Recovery Starting to Show
Euro 2024 Portugal vs France: Real Madrid's Past and Present Collide; How Does Kylian Mbappe Fare Against His Idol Cristiano Ronaldo?
Team Canada Releases NBA Champion From Olympic Training Camp Due to NBA Reason
Spain Wonderkid Lamine Yamal Has Message for His School Teachers Amid Euro 2024 Run
Next
NFLMLBNBASOCCERGOLFBETTINGATHLETESTALKOTHER
ArchivesAbout UsContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
© Copyright 2024 Sports World News, a property of HNGN, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsworldnews.com/articles/78148/20241008/rockets-coach-praises-alperen-sengun-impressive-offseason-really-good-summer.htm 
 ----- 
