Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Key Takeaways From the Rockets First Preseason Game
The season is officially on the horizon, as the Rockets have played their first preseason game. From offense to defense, this team looks exciting to watch.
Ryan Diamond | Oct 8, 2024
Oct 7, 2024; Salt Lake City, Utah, USA; Houston Rockets guard Jalen Green (4) dunks the ball over Utah Jazz forward John Collins (20) during the second quarter at Delta Center. Mandatory Credit: Rob Gray-Imagn Images / Rob Gray-Imagn Images
In this story:
Houston Rockets

Houston played their first pre-season game last night.

It is only pre-season, so players are unlikely to come out and try their hardest out the gate until the season starts. However, the team started out really slow, with the score at the end of the first frame being 22-12. Once they got hot, they started shooting really well. On the defensive side of the ball, the Rockets looked solid most of the game, until the fourth quarter when most of the key rotation players were out.

Alperen Sengun played well, as he seemed a bit faster and much stronger. In the first quarter, he attempted a step-back fade in the post. His shot looks much better and he looks a lot more comfortable shooting. Sengun also made a catch-and-shoot three. The biggest takeaway from him is that his footwork looks much faster, and he also looks a lot more comfortable shooting the ball from three.

Cam Whitmore, Reed Sheppard and Amen Thompson looked sharp on defense throughout the game, combining for six steals. Sheppard tied with Jae'Sean for the most blocks on the Rockets with two. Whitmore came off the bench, and immediately started playing really well on defense. Last season, he was a very offensively focused player, but his defense looks like it has improved quite a bit. Not only did the team's defense look good, their top two defensive players, Tari Eason and Dillon Brooks, did not play.

Jalen Green caught fire in the second quarter, and he scored 21 points in the game on 50% shooting and 4/9 from three. Green looked very comfortable on the court last night, as he led all players in scoring. If he can do this in the regular season consistently, the Rockets will be a problem for teams to face.

The biggest takeaway is how aggressive the team looked. Whitmore and Thompson shined on offense and defense being super aggresive whether it was driving to the hoop and dunking or attacking players on defense and forcing a turnover. Green looked great on offense and had no problem getting to the rim. The rookie, Sheppard, looked crisp on defense as a 6-foot-3 guard. This team has one of the most fun rosters in the league to watch.

Want to join the discussion? Like Rockets on SI Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Rockets news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Oct 8, 2024
RYAN DIAMOND

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/rockets/news/houston-rockets-key-takeaways-from-the-first-preseason-game 
 ----- 
