SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Anthony Albanese heads to ASEAN summit, meeting with China's premier on the agenda
By political reporter Tom Lowrey

Topic:
Foreign Affairs

Wed 9 Oct
Wednesday 9 October

Anthony Albanese will meet his Chinese counterpart for the second time in a few months, after he welcomed the premier to Canberra in June. (AP: Mick Tsikas/Pool Photo)

In short: 

Anthony Albanese is in Laos for the ASEAN summit, where he will meet with Chinese Premier Li Qiang on the sidelines.

Security and trade issues are likely to dominate the talks, including China's recent testing of intercontinental ballistic missiles in the Pacific.

What's next?

The ASEAN summit will run for two days, with Myanmar and the South China Seas among the security issues expected to be raised.

abc.net.au/news/anthony-albanese-to-meet-chinese-premier-at-asean/104451934
Link copied
Share article

Anthony Albanese will sit down for his fifth meeting, and second in only a few months, with his Chinese counterpart Li Qiang on the sidelines of the ASEAN summit in Laos today.

It will provide a chance for the prime minister to raise China's recent test-firing of an intercontinental ballistic missile over the Pacific, after the government indicated it had sought an explanation.

Premier Li visited Australia in June, and Mr Albanese met with China's President Xi Jinping in Beijing late last year, with the visits indicating an improvement in the China-Australia relationship.

But Australian concerns over security and trade are expected to dominate today's meeting, including China's ongoing trade ban on Australian rock lobsters.

What's behind China's launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile?
Photo shows Two Chinese men in suits sit in chairs behind a desk

China test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile into the Pacific Ocean this week. What's behind it? 

Asked last weekend about China's missile test, Deputy Prime Minister Richard Marles indicated Australia had already made its view known.

"We have, in the aftermath of this test, sought an explanation from China about what this test was about," he said.

"We don't have clarity as to why China did this."

Ahead of the trip, the prime minister was asked on Sky News about whether he was looking to avoid "rocking the boat" in the China relationship.

Mr Albanese raised the history of the Cold War, arguing it highlighted the importance of maintaining lines of communication.

"We do have strategic competition in the region, but it's important that that dialogue occurred," he said.

"When there was disagreement in the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union, there were always channels of communication.

"That is important. That's why Jim Chalmers' [recent visit to Beijing] was important."

Security issues in Myanmar and the South China Sea are likely to again dominate the broader summit, having posed consistent challenges to ASEAN for some time.

But director of the Lowy Institute's South-East Asia program, Susannah Patton, said any substantial movement on either issue remains unlikely.

"The South China Sea, Myanmar, and to a lesser extent, global issues like conflict in the Middle East and Russia's invasion of Ukraine — these will all be discussed," she said.

"But it's unlikely that ASEAN will be able to make significant progress on any of those issues."

She said ASEAN's focus on Myanmar has largely shifted towards humanitarian aid and access to Myanmar, while ASEAN remains deeply divided over its approach to China.

With the US presidential election only weeks away, neither US President Joe Biden nor Vice-President Kamala Harris are attending this year's summit, instead sending Secretary of State Antony Blinken.

Australia bringing a business pitch to ASEAN once more

The federal government has made driving Australian business in South-East Asia a key part of its foreign policy approach to the region.

It has aired frustration that for a number of years global investment in the region has grown, but Australian investment has gone backwards.

Mr Albanese will host a breakfast marking one year since the release of a South-East Asian economic strategy authored by former Macquarie Bank chief executive Nicholas Moore.

Nations endorse watered-down ASEAN-Australia declaration to strengthen ties
Photo shows A wide shot of five men in suits and ties standing in a line, crossing their arms and joining hands while smiling

Leaders endorse a declaration that omits some language on China that Australia originally wanted included.

Foreign Minister Penny Wong used a recent speech to the Asia Society and Australian Financial Review to point to the government's work in boosting business in the region — but also called on Australian corporates to step up.

"We all need to play our part," she said.

"Complacency, or business as usual, has a cost, and it's a cost that risks compromising our influence today and our prosperity tomorrow."

Some business figures in the region say there has been a lift in interest, and some of the government's measures — like creating "investor deal teams" in a range of major cities — have made an impact.

Jennifer Mathews from the Australian Indonesia Business Council said the shift has been noticeable.

"We are starting to see an uptick in activity, but we've still got a bit of a way to go before we completely, fully realise the potential that the region offers to Australia," she said.

Ms Mathews points to visas as one area where there is continued room for change, capitalising on growing wealth and new interest in the region in visiting Australia.

"What we're seeing across the region is an enormous growth in the middle class and they're keen to travel, and keen to come to Australia," she said.

"So it's really getting that balance right between the opportunity that presents for us to really increase our tourism industry and any sort of risk assessment that's done."

Improvements to visas were a key recommendation from Nicholas Moore's report, and the government responded with changes to business visas.

But Susannah Patton from the Lowy Institute said recent shifts around business visas might complicate the government's argument.

"We've seen the price, for example, of student visas doubling," she said.

"So that's not very helpful to Australia, in the sense that it doesn't convey the image of a country that is friendly and open to the region."

Get a morning news briefing in your inbox
Subscribe to our ABC NewsMail bringing you breaking news from overnight, plus a heads-up on the stories that will shape your day.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Wed 9 Oct 2024 at 6:51pm
Wednesday 9 Oct 2024 at 6:51pm
Related topics

Australia

China

Federal Government

Foreign Affairs

Lao People s Democratic Republic

World Politics

Top Stories
Parts of Port Vila damaged after magnitude-7.4 earthquake strikes Vanuatu

Topic:
Earthquakes

Photo shows A building is crushed after an earthquake in Port Vila
'Pre-packaged' pina colada, six left critically ill: What we now know about the Fiji poisoning

Topic:
Explainer

Smith atones for drop with a screamer, Hazlewood injured again

Topic:
Cricket

Controversial international student direction expected to be replaced

Topic:
Immigration Policy

Second body found near discovery site of woman's remains at Botany

Topic:
Police

Just In
Former coach fears Australian Test selectors are 'too close' to the team

Topic:
Cricket

3m ago
3 minutes ago
Mobil says it regrets misleading customers as ACCC launches legal action

Topic:
Consumer Protection

16m ago
16 minutes ago
Second body found near discovery site of woman's remains at Botany

Topic:
Police

1m ago
1 minutes ago
Controversial international student direction expected to be replaced

Topic:
Immigration Policy

27m ago
27 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-10-10/anthony-albanese-to-meet-chinese-premier-at-asean/104451934 
 ----- 
