Bleeding Yankee Blue

What's Your Blood Type?

Home
BYB
BYB Gear
BYB Writers
BYB Videos
BYB Book Club
Privacy Policy
Gift Policy


Saturday, August 31, 2024
THE MAKING OF AUSTIN WELLS




It looks like Austin Wells is coming into his own.

Last night was a great night for Wells, as well at the Yankees. YES Network writes:

"Wells hit two-run homers in the third and eighth innings, powering the New York Yankees to a 6-3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night.

Wells hit a two-run shot in a three-run third off Erick Fedde (8-8) to give the Yankees a 4-2 lead. He connected again later off Riley O’Brien for a 6-3 lead.

It was Wells’ first career multi-homer game and the rookie catcher is hitting .346 (28-for-81) with five homers and 21 RBIs in 20 games as New York’s cleanup hitter protecting Aaron Judge mostly when the Yankees face right-handed starters."





The biggest thing I'd like to see for Wells is that he's the everyday catcher for the Yankees.  Back in the day it was normal to have these guys behind the dish and really gelling with the pitchers.  Thurman Munson comes to mind, even Jorge Posada to some extent.  I know it takes a toll on catchers and that's fair, but even for the purposes of getting at bats and really focusing in on hitting, that would be the key to Wells success.  


The Yanks bounced back after losing 2 in a row and Wells was key to this win.  I like Wells, but I didn't see what many saw until recently... and now I am understanding the need to have Wells there.  It's good for the Yanks, especially down the stretch.










at 10:20:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: austin wells, Jorge Posada, robert casey, thurman munson
WHEN DION JAMES FOUND HIS RHYTHM



Dion James's arrival to the New York Yankees in 1993 marked a significant chapter in his career and provided a much-needed boost to the team during that season. James, known for his versatility and consistent hitting, quickly became a fan favorite and a valuable asset to the Yankees.

Dion James came to the Yankees in 1993. At the time, the Yankees were in the midst of rebuilding, and James's experience and skill set made him an important addition. He primarily played as an outfielder but also served as a designated hitter when needed.

In 1993, James played in 115 games for the Yankees, batting .332 with a .390 on-base percentage and a .441 slugging percentage. His consistent ability to get on base was crucial for a Yankees lineup that lacked depth in hitting. James's left-handed bat provided balance in the lineup, and his ability to hit for average made him a reliable option in various situations.

James also brought a veteran presence to a team that was transitioning, with young players coming up through the ranks. His leadership and experience were important in helping the Yankees navigate a challenging season. The team finished second in the American League East with an 88-74 record, and while they didn't make the playoffs, James's contributions were seen as a key factor in their improved performance that year.

After the 1993 season, James signed a contract to play in Japan, where he spent the 1994 season. However, his connection with the Yankees remained strong, and he returned to the team in 1995. This was a significant year for the Yankees, as it marked the beginning of their resurgence in Major League Baseball.

James's return to the Yankees in 1995 came at a time when the team was filled with rising stars, including the likes of Derek Jeter, Mariano Rivera, and Jorge Posada. Despite the influx of young talent, James's role as a seasoned player was still valuable. He played in 102 games in 1995, batting .279 with a .344 on-base percentage and a .393 slugging percentage. While his numbers were not as impressive as in 1993, his contributions were vital in providing stability and experience to a team that was starting to gel.

The 1995 Yankees made it to the playoffs as a Wild Card team, marking their first postseason appearance since 1981. Although they were eliminated by the Seattle Mariners in the American League Division Series, James's role in the team's success that year was appreciated by both fans and management. His return from Japan and immediate impact demonstrated his resilience and ability to adapt, making him an integral part of the Yankees during this transitional period.

Dion James may not have been a superstar, but his contributions to the Yankees in 1993 and then 1995 and alittle bit in 1996 were significant. He provided consistency, leadership, and a veteran presence that helped the Yankees lay the groundwork for their dominance in the late 1990s. His ability to hit for average and get on base was particularly important during a time when the Yankees were building a foundation for future success.

James's popularity with the fans and his importance to the team in those years should not be overlooked. His role in helping the Yankees transition from a period of mediocrity to one of success is a testament to his impact on the franchise during his tenure.







--Alvin Izzo
BYB Yankee History Contributor













at 7:10:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: Alvin Izzo, derek jeter, dion james, Jorge Posada, Mariano Rivera, robert casey
Thursday, August 29, 2024
RUMOR: YANKEES ARE "UNLIKELY" TO PURSUE BIG NAME THIS WINTER



Relax, this has nothing to do with Juan Soto. We know the Yankees are "in" on Soto because they would be stupid not to. Brian Cashman would be burned at the stake if he didn't chase Soto. There is another big name out there that is being floated as a hard pass and I'm laughing at it.

Let me explain. Back in June we wrote ASSTROS PLAYERS COULD BE PERFECT FIT IN THE BRONX SAYS SHERMAN and I was firm that I had no interest in Joel Sherman's idea of Alex Bregman as a Yankee. I STILL feel that way. Thankfully, his idea never came to fruition and I didn't have to toss my cookies. Next.



So fast forward two more months and now SI.com also thinks Bregman in the Bronx won't happen, read more HERE. Now we are talking about what happens in the winter. I agree Bregman isn't a likely target but not for the reason given of his involvement in the sign stealing scandal. Do I think the Yankees like the idea of being associated with that? No, but.....they've already proven they can look past that.

The Yankees signed Marwin Gonzalez to a minor league deal worth $1.15 million once he was promoted to the majors. It doesn't sound like a big deal but in 2022 I said MARWIN GONZALEZ COMPARISON OF THE YANKEES & ASTROS RUBS ME THE WRONG WAY because of one important detail. We know the ASSTROS were only as good as they were on paper because they cheated and Gonzalez was no exception of that. In fact, he was the poster child for how much the Astros benefited by their cheating ways. If he didn't have a trash can signal to tell him a fastball was coming his .303 BA wouldn't have happened. Instead, he would've looked like the more down to earth .252 career hitter he was. His 2017 batting average was such an outlier, it sticks out like a sore thumb....and despite that the Yankees still gave him a contract.



Sure, the name notoriety is a big difference. You cant compare Marwin Gonzalez and Alex Bregman and their fan appeal to the game. Bregman has been an everyday star in Houston and Gonzalez was a utility guy but the Yankees looked past the integrity issue once. They did it for a guy that benefitted more than any other ASSTRO cheater. They could do it again for anyone if they feel like the player is a game changer also.

I wouldn't put anything past the Yankees. I don't think Bregman is likely, but that's because the Yankees have been dedicated to Anthony Volpe and they have other arms they can use as a shortstop. A shortstop is not the Yankees biggest need this offseason so I don't see them spending big bucks on Bregman who is also a Scott Boras client. The Yankees are going to be more focused on Soto....as they should be. We know Boras will aggressively try to sell the Yankees on both of his clients though.



So basically, don't let the sign cheating scandal fool you. Bregman is a tool....but that's not the ultimate reason why the Yankees would pass. 




--Jeana Bellezza-Ochoa
BYB Senior Managing Editor
Twitter: @nyprincessj











at 8:04:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: alex bregman, Anthony volpe, Brian Cashman, jeana bellezza, juan soto, marwin Gonzalez
Wednesday, August 28, 2024
DUKE ELLIS WILL BE SOLID FOR YANKEE STOLEN BASES


 As we head into September, it's starting to get interesting. First off, the Yankees schedule looks like they can dominate.  Who knows if this will really happen, I mean, it looks like that on paper.  But things are starting to ignite again just like it did when they were red hot this spring. 

One thing the Yankees did do was add a piece that could be important down the stretch and that is hopefully getting more stolen bases.

CBS Sports writes:

"The Yankees claimed Ellis off waivers from the Mariners...The speedy outfielder has slashed just .235/.315/.336 across his various stops in the minors this season but has stolen 51 bases in 54 attempts."


Small piece of info here but important.  If the Yankees can get this guy on base, this guy can score, most likely easier than anyone else on the team.  I mean, have you seen Trent Grisham's running abilities? How about Stanton? I'm just saying, we need a speedster... this is a nice move.


Crossing my fingers for this move to make waves.














at 10:28:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: duke ellis, giancarlo stanton, robert casey, trent grisham
Monday, August 26, 2024
WILL BOONE DOUBLE DOWN ON HOLMES AS YANKEES CLOSER?



How lucky do you feel? Honestly, I am not. The Yankees are supposed to be this World Series favorite team and Aaron Judge and Juan Soto are the only players I feel really good about. Everyone else are just a bunch of pretenders.

One of the biggest pretenders of them all is Clay Holmes. I really wish the Yankees had upgraded at closer, and I am not talking about at the trade deadline. There were no good available closers at the deadline this year. I wanted the Yankees to make a move last winter read RUMOR: YANKEES MAY BE DONE WITH HOLMES AS A CLOSER. The Yankees were looking....but it's another move that Brian Cashman couldn't make but should've.

Holmes and his 10 blown saves are a concern. Yes, I like that he induces a lot of ground balls with soft contact but when he's off, he's off and he walks too many guys. I think he could be a bridge to the closer.....but he shouldn't be the closer on a contending team.

Now Aaron Boone is trying to make the best out of a bad situation, read more HERE. He should have a proven option, but he doesn't. He's trying to sell it though....I'm just not buying it "The reality is he’s throwing the ball really well," Boone said of Holmes. "We got a lot of guys I feel like that are throwing the ball really well in certain situations. But right now, Clay’s the guy."

"Look: We'll see as we go. We have a lot of really good options [as closer]," Boone said after a really embarrassing loss to the Tigers. The Yankees should be walking through teams like the Tigers easily....but they aren't. I wouldn't say the Yankees have "a lot of really good options as closer" but I will say this though, Jake Cousins is looking pretty good and is ready for a shot. If Holmes loses his closer status, Cousins could step in. I like what I see from Cousins. He pitches with confidence and has that fighter mentality that Holmes just doesn't have. He's got a confident swag on the mound.

I think Holmes as a closer in the postseason is a major weakness. We know the Yankees have plenty weaknesses, but a guy that blows 10 saves in the regular season should no longer get to keep the title of closer. 




--Jeana Bellezza-Ochoa
BYB Senior Managing Editor
Twitter: @nyprincessj











at 8:48:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: aaron boone, aaron judge, Brian Cashman, clay holmes, jake cousins, jeana bellezza, juan soto
Sunday, August 25, 2024
FANS MATTER! JUST ASK THE TERRACE SQUAD

On Tuesday, I went to my first Yankee game of the season. That is my longest drought except of course 2020. Part of the reason I had not made it to the Stadium was just life; the other reason was that I kind of have this love/hate relationship with this 2024 team. You've seen them play and you've read my commentary. Can you blame me?

I think Bob Lorenz and Jack Curry said it best during Saturday's Old Timers Celebration: "Aaron Boone is hoping the 2009 Yankees rub off on the 2024 Yankees." I couldn't agree more. Yet at that game on Tuesday night, my first of the season, I gained a renewed faith in this Yankee team. This despite them losing after 12 1/2 innings, their longest game at the Stadium this season. My faith reboot came from the fans. Because on Tuesday night I got to spend the evening with the Terrace Squad out in center field and I will tell you what, fans matter, and they are all in on this team.




As the Terrace Squad assembled, the Collab drop certainly made its way into the Terrace. If you don't know what I am talking about, I will clue you in. New York or Nowhere dropped merch on Tuesday afternoon and it was everywhere, including the Terrace. Yes, I got sucked in too. But the idea of New York or Nowhere really settled in on the Squad, of which I was part of that night.

Also clearly evident in the vibe from the Terrace was their dedication to John Sterling. They had a radio blasting during the innings where John came in to call the game. The giveaway was a commemorative tee with John and Suzyn celebrating their 20 years calling Yankee games together. The Squad wore their shirts proudly, they kept score, eagerly rooted for their team and jeered at the Guardians. The atmosphere was electric!

From the Terrace you were in the thick of things: roll call was to my left, chopped cheese behind me and to the right, you had a clear view of Monument Park. It is a perfect place to watch the game, soak in the fandom and hear the bullpen warm up with force. 



Following Tuesday's game, I am reminded of a comment a Jersey City resident said to me as my son and I eagerly waited for the bus into Manhattan. "I hope you win tonight. But remember, the season starts in September."  






As I left the game which was a loss, I kept that fan's wise words in my head. I also remain connected to the renewed faith in the Yankees that came from their fans in the Terrace. It is almost as if the fans' energy is the kind of energy that could thrust the Yankees right over the finish line. But at the end of the day, we all know that it is up to the Yankees to do that themselves. Yet if the players can just let that energy and passion into their hearts, and as Jack Curry said before Saturday's game against the Rockies, "Win the games they are supposed to win," perhaps the fans' persistence does matter, and it is truly a New York or Nowhere mentality. Can the Yankees forge ahead, suck in the 2009 lore, the fans' belief in them, the New York or Nowhere vibe and end the 15-year World Series drought? It's their choice. Win or don't; there's no in between. Maybe they didn’t hear me on Saturday. Hopefully today is a better day. 







--Suzie Pinstripe
BYB Senior Managing Editor
Twitter: @suzieprof
















at 10:01:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: suzie pinstripe
Friday, August 23, 2024
LITTLE LEAGUE'S LATERZA NEEDS TO PIPE DOWN







I'm sorry, but who's this grouchy old man and what the hell does he know about celebrity and the New York Yankees?

Bob Laterza is the Staten Island Little League coach, and his team was in Williamsport when the Yankees and Tigers decided to make a visit to the complex and hang with the kids.  It was a pretty incredible gesture if you ask me. But not everyone was happy. Enter Laterza who became cranky and accused Aaron Judge of ignoring his guys. 

SILive.com writes:

"... the outspoken skipper, who says his team of New Yorkers was promised a special meet-and-greet with the Bronx Bombers at the International Grove, where the Little Leaguers are staying.

While Yankees players DJ LeMahieu and Tim Hill showed up -- not many others did. Laterza noted that Yankees stars Gerrit Cole, Nestor Cortes and Jasson Dominguez, as well as manager Aaron Boone and former outfielder Nick Swisher, met with the team later on at Bowman Field, but there was still one notable omission, in particular.


Where’s Aaron Judge? ...





“How about turning around or wave to New York and the kids that think you’re a hero?” chimed Laterza. “They are the ones who pay your salary.”

“They were disappointed,” he added. “Maybe he’ll want to make up for it and come and see them.”


Now if you know anything about how this stuff works, you know that the players aren't the ones make the schedules, picking where they go, etc. They are selected and scheduled by a small committee of people trying to figure out the best, fastest, easiest scenario to get the MLB Players seen and moving so it doesn't cause chaos.  


And so, Aaron Judge had no say in this. Aaron Judge did was he was told to do.  And let's be honest Coach Laterza, if you really wanted that the happen, all you had to do was ask and maybe they could have accommodated you. 


But let's take it further... who the hell do you think you are?  And why are guys like DJ LeMahieu not important?  What makes your team so special?  


It is my opinion that MLB was trying to do the right thing to help promote the Williamsport tournament and sharing this special moment with the kids.  It wasn't an autograph signing.  You've heard the expression in Little League, not everyone gets a trophy.  Well Coach Laterza, in this scenario, Judge is the trophy, and your team didn't get it... GET OVER IT.


Sometimes you get what you get, and you still smile and move on because in this scenario IT'S ALL ABOUT THE KIDS. MLB did the best they could.  Everyone wants to meet Aaron Judge... many will never meet him. Suck it up and move on.


Thankfully the Yankees fired back.


SILive.com writes that the Yankees released a statement:


"Our entire roster spent the day in Williamsport connecting with as many Little Leaguers as they possibly could prior to our game, including the team from Staten Island,’’ the statement read. “We commend all of our players for devoting their complete attention to the hundreds of kids who literally walked step-by-step alongside them from the moment the Yankees landed in Williamsport through the entirety of the evening. Our players were unequivocally committed to making the experience what it was intended to be – a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for young baseball players and their families from around the world to have meaningful and genuine interaction with some of Major League Baseball’s greatest players.”


Now it's my opinion that the Yankees made statement but really didn't need to.  In fact, the organization was classy enough to do that and end it. 


Now the question is will Laterza shut up and move on.  Look, the Staten Island team did something great, but it was reported that Judge was doing an autograph signing when Laterza suggests Judge should have met his team. Again, the MLB schedule dictated that, Judge didn't snub anyone on purpose.  


And so, I am just tired of cranky people that expect to get everything they want.  The Yankees, the Tigers and MLB did a great thing for the Little League... Laterza just needs to shut up.












at 10:15:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: aaron judge, Bob Laterza, dj lemahieu, robert casey
Thursday, August 22, 2024
LUIS GIL HITS THE IL - WHAT DO THE YANKEES DO NOW?



Not the news I wanted to see on a Wednesday....but it's happened. It can always be worse, but Luis Gil is on the shelf for the next 15 days. I've enjoyed watching him this season and I'm just going to tell myself that this is just a temporary pause. He will be back soon because honestly, this could be a lot worse.

Gil has a lower back strain. Granted, no injury is "good" but some are definitely worse than others and considering Gil had Tommy John surgery in May 2022 I am thankful we aren't talking about an arm, shoulder or elbow injury here. I never feel confident in anything Aaron Boone has to say, but he believes Gil won't be out long and when he does return, he will resume his starting duties, read more HERE.

I'm thinking about to June, we wrote YANKEES TEASE A "TIMEOUT" COMING FOR LUIS GIL! where Matt Blake said Gil may get a "timeout" or get a breather in the bullpen. The Yankees have already been thinking about this early on, so this may be the perfect reason for the Yankees to make this move. It would be a tough decision to make in the middle of a good rookie season.

Gil needed a breather at some point. To date, Gil has logged 124.2 innings, which is unchartered territory for him. His workload has always been a concern for the Yankees, especially after missing the better part of two seasons after his surgery. Before this season his previous career high in innings pitched was 108 back in 2021. I get why the Yankees are concerned about his workload; I just hope they make smart decisions that don't cause more harm to Gil.

For now, Will Warren was recalled from Triple-A and he will fill in for Gil. Warren made his MLB debut back on July 30th and had an 8.59 ERA through three starts. It certainly isn't a sexy looking stat for Warren but I'm thinking big picture here. Yankees need to make sure Gil gets the rest he needs and his back heals to fight off the Orioles to win the AL East and make a push into the postseason.

Rest up Gil, we need ya.






--Jeana Bellezza-Ochoa
BYB Senior Managing Editor
Twitter: @nyprincessj











at 7:40:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: aaron boone, jeana bellezza, luis gil, matt blake, will warren
CLOWN JESSE WINKER ACTS LIKE HE'S NEVER BEEN THERE BEFORE



I don't know who Jesse Winker is, and that's probably why I think his walk off trot was absolutely a clown show.  If he was a big-time player that made that spectacle maybe it wouldn't be as ridiculous as what I saw from this dude. Like... act like you've been there before.

If you don't know what I'm talking about, yesterday the Mets walked off the Orioles.  But it was Jesse Winker that was able to barrel it and hit it over the fence and I guess when he did, he just decided to act like it was Williamsport Little League championship or something. I mean it was a rando game in August... calm down.

Here's Jeff Frye, former MLB player ripping Jesse as well on Twitter:




I agree 1000%.  Sure, it's exciting, but be a professional player.  Get around the bases, let the team embrace the moment and enjoy it.

I felt like the dude was a clown yesterday.  He can say he blacked out, but stop please.  Maybe if he was a professional player, I wouldn't care so much, but I have to say... it's just dumb.  What's next, Grimace comes out and pours the Gatorade on him as he crosses home plate?

OK I'm done.  

Clearly, I can't stand the Mets.  







at 5:48:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: jesse winker, robert casey
Wednesday, August 21, 2024
WHAT MAKES ANY OF US THINK WE CAN ACTUALLY GO DEEP IN THE PLAYOFFS WITH THIS UNSERIOUS FRANCHISE?



We can tout ourselves as being in first place (second place) and having a home run leader and number 1 free agent all we want, but if the bullpen continues to suck,  if the batters continue to not do their job and rely on Aaron Judge and Juan Soto... how the hell does anyone expect to even go deep into the playoffs in October to the point where we make it to the World Series. AND... if by chance we even get there... do you really have faith with this puppet loser at the helm who makes excuses for this players every single night? 

I have never seen a more incompetent manager in my life.  You may like him there, I do not.  I think he's pompous, yet stupid.  He's "in charge", yet a puppet.  He doesn't understand how to speak to the media, he gives his players a pass EVERY SINGLE NIGHT and there is no excuse for it.  And so again, I ask you... what makes any of us really think we can actually go deep into the playoffs with this unserious franchise?

I find Jomboy to be the most unentertaining product out there. I'm not a hater, I just find it painful and that's my opinion.  But he was right for calling out Anthony Volpe for sucking and it was ridiculous for Aaron Boone to sit there trying to defend the guy.

 

Boone's sitting there talking about how good he is defensively and that's fine, but we're not winning, and last time I checked a nice catch isn't getting runs across the plate.  THE YANKEES NEED PRODUCTION, WHAT IS BOONE NOT GETTING?




Face it, Volpe is not a good hitter, but we knew that when we brought him up.  He is at Shortstop because he's a very good defender, but that's about it.  Omar Vizquel was the same, but the only reason why Omar's remembered to this day is because he was around for 45 years (I kid). But longevity keeps Omar's name knocked around to this day.  I don't see Volpe as Omar. I see him as a guy the Yankees are trying to pass off as a star player.

The Guardians are better than the Yankees.  On paper for sure, but it was clear last night that they have better tools to win.  We do not. The bullpen doesn't work... and hasn't all year.  By the way, it's worth noting once again, that the Yankees only picked up a significant player this offseason in Juan Soto.  Sure, Alex Verdugo is there but he appears to be dogging these days and Jazz Chisholm was exciting for about 48 hours and now he's hurt.  But don't worry, Aaron Boone and the Yankees will stick with their guys, "cause they're about to break out any moment." THIS FUCKING GUY HAS BEEN SAYING THIS ALL YEAR! It's August 21st.  You cannot be serious.

When is the Yankees front office calling this Bozo out?  The New York Yankees are NOT a serious franchise.  We aren't, because if we were, Clay Holmes would no longer be out closer.  I mean wasn't it Craig Kimbrel that lost his job as a closer for not doing his job recently?




My point is we can't keep hanging out hat on Holmes was an All-Star. He's clearly not doing his job.  It's pathetic.

And so, I say, even if we get there, what are the chances seriously that we could actually be a World Series Championship team?  The answer? We won't. We're awful... 

I went to one game this year. I got the tickets for 20 bucks each and watched the Yankees lose to the Rays by a lot.  I went to the food court and ate and drank and watched on the televisions.  It was so bad; I left in the 6th and didn't turn the game on when I got home.  Why? Because the Yankees are awful.  That's why.

We need change folks.  I have never hated a team I've loved all my life as much as I do right now.  They are not serious, and I see no end in sight.
















at 9:12:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: aaron boone, aaron judge, alex verdugo, Anthony volpe, clay holmes, craig kimbrel, jazz chisholm, juan soto, omar vizquel, robert casey
Tuesday, August 20, 2024
AARON JUDGE AMONG THE GREATEST EVER



As I stated in AARON JUDGE IS JUST A GOLDEN GOD just a few short days ago, there is just something very special watching a player as incredible as Aaron Judge in the modern era.  You hear about the moments and stories about guys like Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, Ty Cobb, etc.  But we never really see that in baseball today.  Sure, there are glimpses of true greatness and mammoth home runs, but it's a moment in time.  This year however we are seeing consistency with what I can safely say is the greatest player in the modern Yankee era and something you all will be speaking fondly off when you're old and gray like me.  It's special to see Aaron Judge not only lead with dignity and integrity, but to see his home run pace year after year is absolutely wild.

Now, he will no doubt be added to a list that only a few have seen.  It's just plain crazy and incredible. The New York Post writes:

"Aaron Judge stands a pretty good chance of becoming the fifth player ever to hit 50 homers in three different seasons.

Mark McGwire, Babe Ruth and Sammy Sosa did it four times each and Alex Rodriguez three. Thus, Judge is in line to join Ruth as the only players to achieve this feat who are not tied to illegal performance enhancers.

It is another sign — regardless of your baseball morality — that Judge is climbing all kinds of lists. Next year, he will be playing in a 10th season, which will make him — when the time comes — eligible for the Hall of Fame. The key part of that previous sentence is “when the time comes” because it seems reasonable that Judge is going to extend his prime longer and mount a no-brainer case for Cooperstown, in case you think he is not there yet."




Not to get ahead of ourselves, but how do you not talk about it?  Yes, there were guys like Mattingly, Mantle, DiMaggio and Jeter is our lifetime and all were dynamic.  But this is a whole new level.


I wish all the best to this role model and true leader.  Judge is very, very special.







at 7:29:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: aaron judge, alex rodriguez, babe ruth, derek jeter, don mattingly, joe dimaggio, lou gehrig, robert casey, sammy sosa, TY COBB
Monday, August 19, 2024
REALITY CHECK: THE YANKEES WANT TO SELL WHAT NO TEAM WANTS TO BUY



Sometimes you just need to accept a hard dose of reality. In this case, it is the Yankees getting some bad news. If former top 100 baseball prospect Spencer Jones were having a dominant season in Double-A. he would be playing for another organization right now. And yes, you heard that first part right, but more on that later.

Full transparency, I realize I haven't been Jones' biggest cheerleader. I have written about him a lot and not with high praise. I hold no ill will toward the kid, but I know a lot of people are high on him and his "five tool talent" including many of our readers here at Bleeding Yankee Blue, but I feel differently....and I am not alone. 




Now that the trade deadline is behind us, we are hearing more about what the Yankees tried to accomplish, but failed to do. Brian Cashman TRIED to get a deal done for a starting pitcher centered around prized prospect Jones, but they had little interest read more HERE. "The Yankees were willing to include prized outfield prospect Spencer Jones for pitching help at the deadline, several teams said, but balked because of Jones’ struggles this year," said Bob Nightengale.

I don't usually like to use Nightengale as a source these days but, I believe other teams have reservations on Jones. I know I have all season. He's got great promise. I love that he has nice raw power with 14 home runs and 21 stolen bases.... but he's got a high strikeout rate that I just can't ignore. He needs to improve on that plate discipline.

I always say to give credit where credit is due, and I give credit to the work Jones has been putting in lately. In the last month, he has been hitting better and has a .271 BA however, he has struck out in 40 of his last 96 plate appearances so that still needs work. It's baby steps.....but teams look at that and see a 23-year-old kid still in Double-A because he struggles against minor league pitching.


I get why teams the Yankees reached out to balked with Jones. I've been saying it all season and honestly, this is something I really want to be wrong on. MLB released an updated top 100 prospects rankings last week (read HERE) and Jones is no longer on it. I think it makes sense, but it also stings knowing a positive the Yankees were trying to use to sell teams on Jones, is no longer there. Now Jasson Dominguez is the only top 100 prospect the Yankees have.


I said this earlier, the Yankees try to overhype their prospects, and now other teams finally have a recent example. The Yankees sat on Jones with his opportunities for too long....and now he doesn't net the Yankees the value that they wanted. Another Brian Cashman failure.

Just another harsh side of the business. Can the Yankees continue to work on Jones and make him what they need him to be? Possibly. They have time with Dominguez getting MLB opportunities instead of Jones.... but if he doesn't improve on his weaknesses soon, Jones will run out of time quickly.




--Jeana Bellezza-Ochoa
BYB Senior Managing Editor
Twitter: @nyprincessj

















at 8:52:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: Brian Cashman, jasson dominguez, jeana bellezza, spencer jones
Newer Posts
Older Posts
Home
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
BYB Freaks
	
0	21
1	28
2	28
3	37
4	39
5	42
6	46
7	65
8	100
9	67
10	53
11	44
12	35
13	46
14	29
15	31
16	37
17	39
18	33
19	48
20	91
21	49
22	38
23	53
24	38
25	55
26	48
27	63
28	61
29	37
 1
1
0
2
8
4
0
7
Search BYB
	
Everybody Loves Bucky


Be Read. Get Known.


Read Casey


Read Suzie


Read Jeana


Read O'Hara


Must Haves


Steel Wheel Tavern


CLICK TO GET THIS SHIRT


Fun Designs


Mug Madness


TRENDING NOW
ALEX VERDUGO MAY HAVE FOUND A HOME
Alex Verdugo 's stint with the Yankees showcased him not only as a solid player but also as a fantastic teammate. He burst onto the New ...
PETE ALONSO COULD BE THE LAST FIRST BASEMAN STANDING
Remember when Bryce Harper and Manny Machado were the belles of the ball back in 2019, but had to wait until after spring training to get ...
JIM BOWDEN KNOWS WHERE ROKI SASAKI'S SIGNING
Jim Bowden just couldn’t help himself.  Bowden went there. Bowden went all in like he’s playing poker with Monopoly money and loving every s...
WE'RE JUST WAVING THE HA-SEONG KIM FLAG HIGH!
Since early December, Bleeding Yankee Blue took a hard stance on   Ha-Seong Kim . We want the guy in pinstripes, plain and simple. Guess wha...
THE METS WANT VERDUGO BECAUSE HE USED TO BE A YANKEE
The New York Mets seem unable to escape the shadow of their cross-town rivals, our Yankees. Their latest move? Reportedly eyeing Alex Verdug...
LOOKS LIKE THE YANKEES JUST WANT STROMAN GONE
It seems like the New York Yankees are ready to cut ties with Marcus Stroman, and they're not being subtle about it. According to USA To...
YANKEES "CONFIDENT" IN SASAKI PURSUIT
Ken Rosenthal has declared the New York Yankees as one of the top contenders in the Roki Sasaki sweepstakes, and Yankees fans are buzzing l...
ANOTHER DAY, ANOTHER IDEA FOR THE YANKEE INFIELD
In true YankeeLand fashion, the conversation once again shifts to potential infield solutions for the New York Yankees. The latest name to e...
LUIS ARRAEZ IS A REAL OPTION FOR THE YANKEES
Why? Cause Jeff Passan's on the case. When Jeff Passan speaks, the baseball world listens. Known for his stellar track record, Passan’s ...
ROKI SASAKI'S WILD RIDE
Buckle up, folks, because speculation season is in full swing, and we're diving headfirst into the Roki Sasaki frenzy. With Sasaki ’s si...
Large Variety


Shop Your Face Off!


American Eagle


Tee Public


Honoring Negro League Baseball


HOTTEST THIS MONTH
YANKEES ARE MAKING BIG STEPS TOWARD ROKI SASAKI
Yankees picked up Paul Goldschmidt on a no-brainer 1 year contract and now have been working it when it comes to Roki Sasaki too. Cashman ...
RICKEY HENDERSON'S CAUSE OF DEATH REVEALED
Rickey Henderson, the "Man of Steel," has passed away at just 65 years old, leaving a void that feels impossible to fill. The deva...
HA-SEONG KIM! HA-SEONG KIM! HA-SEONG KIM!
Bleeding Yankee Blue was ahead of the curve when it came to Ha-Seong Kim , suggesting early on that he could be the Yankees' infield sol...
GLEYBER TORRES MAY HAVE NARROWED DOWN HIS DESTINATION
Gleyber Torres doesn’t appear to be sprinting into free agency — more like taking a leisurely jog. If his latest moves are any indication, ...
HERE COMES JASSON DOMINGUEZ... I HOPE
Alright, let’s talk about the Yankees' offseason moves! Honestly, I love what the Bronx Bombers have been cooking up. From savvy signing...
I'M CALLING IT! HA-SEONG KIM TO THE YANKEES
I have wanted this all winter, and I really and truly believe it's the perfect solution. the question is, will it happen?  There have be...
THE MARTIAN IS OUR YANKEE FUTURE
I don't know about you, but I feel as though the Yankees don't need an Anthony Santander . We have Jasson Dominguez . Yankees fans, ...
ALEX VERDUGO MAY HAVE FOUND A HOME
Alex Verdugo 's stint with the Yankees showcased him not only as a solid player but also as a fantastic teammate. He burst onto the New ...
A BIG CARLOS CORREA NUGGET JUST DROPPED IN MY LAP
 And Pete Caldera's greatest nugget yet! God love ya, Pete! When Pete Caldera speaks, the baseball world listens—at least, it should. Ca...
PETE ALONSO COULD BE THE LAST FIRST BASEMAN STANDING
Remember when Bryce Harper and Manny Machado were the belles of the ball back in 2019, but had to wait until after spring training to get ...
NYY Icons


Fun BYB Merch!


CLICK TO GET THIS SHIRT


BYB MOST READ OF ALL TIME
AROUND YANKEELAND, AROUND MLB AND KATE UPTON
There is plenty of news going on around the Yankees and Major league baseball that I had to fill you in on. Plus, you need to realize that ...
WADE BOGGS & THE BIG F.U.
Wade Boggs was never treated fairly by the Red Sox.  I know, when he left the Sox for the Yankees, and then the Yankees won a championsh...
WHY THE YANKEES MIAMI VICE BEAT THE MARLINS
I don't even know what that title means, I do know this though, I just won $5 from my buddy Joe who told me there was no way I could wor...
NO NAMES ON YANKEE JERSEYS: TRADITION OR SALES BAIT?
Source: SB Nation So, when Johnny Damon retired from baseball, I had a nice, home #18 jersey in my closet. I hadn't worn it in yea...
BLOCKBUSTER! YANKEES COULD MAKE TRADES WITHIN THE WEEK
  Source: Ronald Martinez/Getty Images North America There is speculation that the Yankees could make some trades with the San Francisc...
CHAPMAN PREPARES FOR A RETURN TO THE YANKEES
 You read that right. Now let your head explode. Look, there's a lot to be said about the Aroldis Chapman situation. Many call this guy ...
THE GRINCH OF MIAMI
There's low... there's lower and then there's douche.  You decide after this post about Miami owner Derek Jeter . Here'...
THE DAVID ROBERTSON TRADE REALITY
Source: USA Today I appreciate honesty especially in a world where we can't always find it easily.  Movies like Ocean's 11 an...
YANKEES ARE MAKING BIG STEPS TOWARD ROKI SASAKI
Yankees picked up Paul Goldschmidt on a no-brainer 1 year contract and now have been working it when it comes to Roki Sasaki too. Cashman ...
SWISHER'S BACK & HIS ROLE IS SWEET!
Photo: New York Times Nick Swisher is loved in New York. Now, he's back with the Yankees in a very important and cool role.  Big pr...
Support Laura


BYB EXCLUSIVES
Beth Hucke, We Want Nick Swisher to Host SNL
Billy Sample
Bob Lorenz
Brandon Steiner
Brendan & Sharyn Ryan
Brett Gardner
CC & Amber Sabathia
Charles & Joey Moses
Chris Dickerson
Chris Martin
Christian Lopez
Chuck Knoblauch
Cito Culver
Clay Bellinger
Clay Rapada
Clubhouse Confidential
Corinne Marlowe
Curtis Granderson
Dante Bichette Jr
Dave Goode, Yankee Stadium Vendor for 30+ years
David Phelps
Dean Anna
Don Larsen
Fritz Peterson
Garrett & Cassie Jones
High Socks for Hope
Homer Bush
Ian Clarkin
Ian O'Connor, ESPNNewYork.com
Jack Curry
Jake Ryan Hensley
Jim Leyritz
Jorge & Laura Posada
Juan Padilla
Ken Singleton
Ken White: Getaway Day
Kimberly Jones
Kris Totten, Akadema
Laura Posada
Lisa Varga
Lory Ankiel, Our Baseball Life
Marci Hensley, Ty Hensley's mom
Mariana Bichette, Dante Bichette Jr's mom
Marty Appel
Meredith Marakovits
Michael O'Neill
Mickey Rivers
Nancy Newman
Natalie Niekro, Joe Niekro's Daughter
Nick Swisher
Paul O'Neill
Pete Caldera, Bergen Record NYY beat writer
Phil Stoehr: Phil Rizzuto's Nephew
Raul Ibanez
Ray Negron "Yankee Miracles"
Rob Segedin
Ron Blomberg
Roy Smalley
Roy White
Scott Brosius
Scott Ferrall
Sean Carley
Shane Varga
Shaun Clancy, Foley's NY Pub
Steve Karsay
Tanyon Sturtze
Ty Hensley
Tyler Austin
READ YOUR FAVORITE BYB WRITERS
alexis garcia
Alvin Izzo
barry millman
dan lucia
erica morales
ike dimitriadis
jeana bellezza
mike o'hara
robert casey
steve skinner
suzie pinstripe
Internet Baseball Writers Association of America Member


Macy's


BYB Followers
Bleeding Yankee Blue Archive
January (47)
December (108)
November (62)
October (35)
September (27)
August (36)
July (39)
June (49)
May (31)
April (21)
March (26)
February (25)
January (24)
December (32)
November (36)
October (31)
September (42)
August (51)
July (40)
June (53)
May (30)
April (38)
March (38)
February (31)
January (29)
December (30)
November (36)
October (42)
September (27)
August (33)
July (36)
June (25)
May (28)
April (28)
March (30)
February (25)
January (26)
December (22)
November (24)
October (26)
September (29)
August (34)
July (45)
June (22)
May (25)
April (29)
March (30)
February (27)
January (33)
December (25)
November (28)
October (27)
September (24)
August (30)
July (35)
June (41)
May (46)
April (31)
March (40)
February (46)
January (43)
December (39)
November (35)
October (39)
September (45)
August (51)
July (47)
June (37)
May (40)
April (32)
March (39)
February (40)
January (42)
December (43)
November (52)
October (41)
September (41)
August (55)
July (44)
June (43)
May (52)
April (49)
March (51)
February (48)
January (53)
December (57)
November (61)
October (44)
September (47)
August (59)
July (65)
June (53)
May (54)
April (51)
March (62)
February (67)
January (75)
December (81)
November (80)
October (73)
September (66)
August (75)
July (73)
June (70)
May (86)
April (84)
March (88)
February (91)
January (88)
December (100)
November (86)
October (94)
September (98)
August (102)
July (108)
June (90)
May (90)
April (101)
March (124)
February (109)
January (108)
December (126)
November (127)
October (117)
September (114)
August (124)
July (133)
June (110)
May (114)
April (120)
March (121)
February (120)
January (135)
December (148)
November (122)
October (90)
September (97)
August (146)
July (162)
June (136)
May (136)
April (151)
March (133)
February (120)
January (125)
December (133)
November (135)
October (137)
September (113)
August (122)
July (146)
June (137)
May (146)
April (137)
March (134)
February (130)
January (139)
December (103)
November (99)
October (114)
September (124)
August (107)
July (112)
June (114)
May (105)
April (84)
March (97)
February (72)
January (60)
December (37)
November (43)
October (60)
September (26)
	
LIMITED TIME!


Victoria's Secret


Support Amber


BYB Shopfest


Touch by AM


Frederick's of Hollywood


Contributors
Ike DImitriadis
Jeana Bellezza-Ochoa
Robert Casey
Suzanne Carbonaro
The Mighty Casey
Writers Present & Past
robert casey
jeana bellezza
suzie pinstripe
erica morales
ike dimitriadis
mike o'hara
jesse schindler
steve skinner
mikey blue
barry millman
missy O'Rourke
chad r macdonald
lem allen
Alvin Izzo
grant cederquist
frank gentry
kate munrow
beth hucke
chris carbonaro
Fiat


Shop your Yankee Ass Off!




	
	
The Mighty Casey Productions has full ownership of Bleedingyankeeblue.com. Travel theme. Powered by Blogger.
Deze site gebruikt cookies van Google om services te leveren en verkeer te analyseren. Je IP-adres en user-agent worden met Google gedeeld, samen met prestatie- en beveiligingsstatistieken om servicekwaliteit te garanderen, gebruiksstatistieken te genereren, misbruik te detecteren en maatregelen te treffen.MEER INFORMATIEIK SNAP HET
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://bleedingyankeeblue.blogspot.com/2024/08/ 
 ----- 
