Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Preview: Pirates Take on One of MLB's Hottest Teams
The Pittsburgh Pirates square off against the hottest team in baseball when they face the Chicago Cubs.
Nathaniel Marrero | Sep 2, 2024
Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Jared Jones (37) delivers a pitch against the Chicago Cubs during the first inning at PNC Park. / Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
Pittsburgh Pirates

Just one week after the Chicago Cubs' offense exploded in a sweep of the Pittsburgh Pirates, the NL Central rivals will rekindle things for a three-game series at the Friendly Confines.

In their three-game set in Pittsburgh, the Cubs scored 41 runs, the most across a three-game span this season. Among the offensive outbursts was Chicago coming back from a 10-3 deficit, scoring 11 runs in the final three innings to win 14-10 in the series finale. Chicago swept the Washington Nationals this past weekend to extend its winning streak to six.

Pittsburgh is 4-6 against the Cubs heading into their final series against each other this season.

The Pirates went toe-to-toe with the AL Central-leading Cleveland Guardians, splitting the first two games of the series. Pittsburgh couldn't seal the series win, though, as their offense sputtered in a 6-1 loss on Sunday.

Jared Jones will make his second start since returning from the IL after missing over a month due to a lat strain. The rookie right-hander took the loss in his first outing back, as he allowed five runs over four innings against the Cubs on Aug 27. Jones is 5-7 with a 3.88 ERA across 17 starts and has struck out 102 batters in 95 innings pitched.

Chicago will counter with former Pirate top draft pick Jameson Taillon. Taillon earned the win in his last outing against Pittsburgh, pitching 6.2 innings and allowing four runs. The 32-year-old right-hander has started 23 games and is 9-8 this season with a 3.85 ERA over 133.1 innings of work.

Pirates vs. Cubs Broadcast Info

Location: Wrigley Field
Records: Pirates (63-73), Cubs (71-66)
First pitch: 7:40 p.m. ET
TV: Pirates - SportsNet-PIT — Cubs - Marquee Sports Network
Radio: Pirates - KDKA-FM 93.7 — Cubs - 670 The Score, WRTO 1200

Pirates vs. Cubs Betting Odds via SI Sportsbook

Spread: Cubs -1.5 (+150), Pirates +1.5 (-188)
Total: Over 7.5 (+100), under 8.5 (-125)
Moneyline: Cubs -155, Pirates +120

Make sure to visit Pirates OnSI for the latest news, updates, interviews and insight on the Pittsburgh Pirates

Pirates Remove David Bednar as Closer
Pirates Pitcher Makes Top 100 Prospect List
Pirates Reinstate OF Andrew McCutchen
Pirates Get Bad News on Slew of Injuries
Derek Shelton Gets Blunt About Pirates Struggles
Published Sep 2, 2024
NATHANIEL MARRERO

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/pirates/news/preview-pittsburgh-pirates-take-mlb-hottest-teams-cubs 
 ----- 
