Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
MLB
Aroldis Chapman blows Rangers’ chance to clinch playoff berth with 8 horrible pitches
By Mike Rosenstein
Published Sep. 29, 2023, 9:28 a.m. ET
90

Former Yankees closer Aroldis Chapman blew another save for the Rangers, and this one cost Texas a chance to clinch a playoff berth.

Taking the mound Thursday in Seattle against the Mariners with a 2-1 lead in the bottom of the ninth inning, Chapman faced three batters and all of them reached base, thanks to a pair of hits and a walk.

Yanked after throwing a total of eight pitches, only three of which were strikes, Rangers manager Bruce Bochy turned to Jonathan Hernandez, who gave up a walk-off double to Mariners shortstop J.P. Crawford.

Despite the loss, the Rangers still have a two-game lead over the Houston Astros and a three-game lead over the Seattle Mariners, giving Texas a 97.5 percent chance of qualifying for the playoffs.

But Chapman, who fell to 6-5 with a 3.09 ERA, didn’t do much to instill confidence in the Rangers bullpen.

“Nobody thought this would be easy,” Bochy said, per the Dallas Morning News. “Sure, this is a tough one. We’ve got to bounce back. We’ve said that all year. It’s tough when you lose like this, but you just have to come back the next day and get it done.”

4
Former Yankees closer Aroldis Chapman blew a save Thursday for the Rangers, who could’ve clinched a playoff spot with a win vs. the Mariners.
AP
4
Seattle Mariners’ Julio Rodríguez, left, laughs as he douses J.P. Crawford, who drove in the tying and winning runs with a double against the Texas Rangers during the ninth inning of a baseball game Thursday, Sept. 28, 2023, in Seattle.
AP

Chapman’s meltdown blew the game for former Yankees teammate Jordan Montgomery, who gave up one run in six innings of work to lower his ERA to 3.20.

“We’re still a good team, (Chapman’s) a really important part of our team, and baseball’s hard some time,” the left-handed Montgomery said. “We’re just going to be good teammates to him, and keep supporting everybody, and keep doing what we do.”

Chapman, 35, left the Yankees after the 2022 season, which ended in disaster for the southpaw when he was left off of New York’s 2022 playoff roster after missing a team workout.

4
The Rangers acquired Chapman from the Royals in June.
AP

The seven-time All-Star signed a one-year, $3.75 million contract with the Royals in January, who flipped him to the Rangers in June.

Chapman has three blown saves and a 3.72 ERA in 30 appearances for the Rangers.

As a team, the Rangers have 33 blown saves this season, which leads the majors.

4
Seattle Mariners’ J.P. Crawford celebrates his two-run double against the Texas Rangers to give the Mariners a a 3-2 win in a baseball game Thursday, Sept. 28, 2023, in Seattle.
AP

Despite that, Texas remains in control of its own playoff fate, with a magic number of one to clinch a wild-card and a magic number of two to win the division title.

The Rangers and Mariners continue their four-game series Friday in Seattle.

However, according to the Dallas Morning News, Thursday’s loss kept alive a “nightmare scenario” for the Rangers.

90

What do you think? Post a comment.

If Texas, Seattle and Houston all finish the identical 89-73 records, the Rangers would miss the playoffs.

FILED UNDER AROLDIS CHAPMAN  HOUSTON ASTROS  NEW YORK YANKEES  SEATTLE MARINERS  TEXAS RANGERS  9/29/23
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
People Are Talking About Melania's Coat At Carter's Funeral
PageSix.com
Trump Finally Spills The Tea On His Viral Moment With Obama
NYPost.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
These Big Stars Have Lost It All To LA's Ravaging Wildfires
PageSix.com
Lauren Boebert Showed Off Her Killer Legs & We're Stunned
NickiSwift.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
Dark Secrets About Bruce Lee That Came Out After His Death
Grunge.com
Michelle Obama's Former Secret Service Agent Is Speaking Out
Katiecouric.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-Out
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/29/ex-yankee-aroldis-chapman-blows-rangers-chance-to-clinch-with-8-horrible-pitches/ 
 ----- 
