Bleeding Yankee Blue

What's Your Blood Type?

Home
BYB
BYB Gear
BYB Writers
BYB Videos
BYB Book Club
Privacy Policy
Gift Policy


Saturday, September 30, 2023
RODON & THE WORLD OF CRAZY STARTS



I just can't figure out this guy. Carlos Rodon is a great pitcher, but something is not clicking now that he's with the Yankees... it is crazy to me.  Last night he pitched against the Royals and it was a mess once again.  Did you know that Rodon made history last night? He's the first starter in Yankee history to give up 8 runs and not record an out. I want you to think about that. And it's against the Royals.  

Anyway, Yardbarker has more:

"The poor start comes after Rodon reached out to Yankees fans expressing his disappointment over his performance before vying to prove himself over the remaining five seasons of his lucrative contract. Rodon signed a six-year, $162 million deal in free agency with the Yankees in December but has failed miserably to live up to it.

At the time of his signing, many had doubts about Rodon due to his extensive injury history, including Tommy John surgery in 2019 and other forearm and shoulder ailments. Those worries came to fruition when Rodon had his Yankees debut delayed until July due to forearm and back injuries."


And I guess this goes back to Cashman. I mean, was this guy a bum with a bad injury history and he just disregarded it like he did Frankie Montas?  Cashman has really made some bad moves over the past few years. I almost feel like Rodon could fall into the same category.


And it's Rodon and his attitude that is starting to rub people the wrong way.  NJ.com has this:


"Six batters into the meltdown, with the Royals already leading 4-0, Blake came to the mound and Rodon responded by turning his back on Blake, waving the coach away with his glove. The gesture was momentary but nevertheless openly disrespectful toward a member of Boone’s staff.

The exchange was caught on YES, where Michael Kay and David Cone discussed it at length. To his credit, Rodon seemed remorseful and acknowledge it was “embarrassing” conduct for a professional."


And if those guys see it, that means we all do and we all did.


Last night we played in Kansas City. The crowd was not huge, the weather was nice. All Rodon had to do was pitch. But he couldn't get it done.


Looks like all eyes are gonna be on Rodon this offseason as what the hell to do with this guy. Just add him to the list of problems the Yankees have with Cashman and Boone right at the top.  


What an outrageous season to be a Yankee fan... my goodness.








at 7:52:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: aaron boone, carlos rodon, david cone, frankie montas, robert casey
Friday, September 29, 2023
MOM, THAT MAN IS LINKED TO THE YANKEES AGAIN!



Derek Jeter was the first to say it, and when Derek Jeter speaks, you know he sees something that others may not see. That's right! Months ago he said to the world that the Yanks may be smart to go out and get Juan Soto.  That's a paraphrase, but there's no question the Yankees front office, desperate at the time were thinking about it long and hard.

Now comes word that Juan Soto and the Padres "might" part, only because the Padres may be changing up how they do business.  Inside the Pinstripes writes:

"The Yankees likely will be extremely active this upcoming offseason. The starting rotation will need to be addressed but adding another left-handed bat also is extremely important. One player who reportedly could be a Yankees target is San Diego Padres superstar Juan Soto, according to the New York Post's Jon Heyman.

"There’s been a suggestion the Padres may scale back after failing to make the playoffs with the third-highest payroll," Heyman said. "And some believe Juan Soto, who’s a year from free agency, could be up for trade discussion.

"Not sure selling is in San Diego’s DNA, but in case, the Yankees, who badly need left-handed hitters, make sense. (And no one should ever rule out Steve Cohen, of course.) One exec suggests: It should be patterned after the Mookie Betts deal, a superstar with a year to go (though hopefully would turn out fairer)."


Now take from this what you will. Heyman is not a true baseball insider in the sense that he's never right before the signing happens, but then just jumps in after to be part of the Twitter mix as if to say, "I'm right here with Buster and Jack Curry." But really, he's just a gnat.  I respect the grind, but it's obvious now.  Go to the beach, it's over Jon.  Arson Judge says hello.


But back to Soto.  Will it happen? Do the Yankees have the money? Will the Padres want to keep him? Many questions, welcome to the world of speculation.


As much as I love to watch Soto play, there is something about stars that come to the Bronx that change into mediocre ones after they arrive.  I don't know if it's the pressure or the amount of money they command that changes their mindset, but I don't know what to make of this idea either to be honest.  


Let me ask you. What do you make of it?  






at 12:30:00 PM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: arson judge, derek jeter, jon heyman, juan soto, mookie betts, robert casey
KEEP IT REAL, WE NEED TO SAY A PRAYER FOR TIM WAKEFIELD & HIS WIFE



When Tim Wakefield played for the Red Sox and would beat us, I hated him.   These days, I don't.  He's human and the man is dying and so is his wife and it's so messed up I can't help for really feel for the Red Sox organization and for Wakefield and his family.

The Boston Herald writes:

"Former Red Sox knuckleballer Tim Wakefield has been diagnosed with brain cancer while his wife Stacy is fighting pancreatic cancer — developments shared publicly without their permission, the organization said in a Thursday release.

The statement from the Red Sox comes after Wakefield’s ex-teammate Curt Schilling brought the illnesses to light on his podcast Wednesday night.

“We are aware of the statements and inquiries about the health of Tim and Stacy Wakefield. Unfortunately, this information has been shared publicly without their permission,” the statement reads. “Their health is a deeply personal matter they intended to keep private as they navigate treatment and work to tackle this disease. Tim and Stacy are appreciative of the support and love that has always been extended to them and respectfully ask for privacy at this time.”

Schilling, on his podcast, acknowledged he never received approval from Wakefield to share the news before proceeding to do so, anyway.

“This is not a message that Tim has asked anyone to share, and I don’t even know if he wants it shared,” he said, “but as a Christian, and as a man of faith, I have seen prayer work, so I am going to talk about it.”

“Tim’s wife Stacy, who is one of the nicest women you’ll ever meet, is very sick with pancreatic cancer,” he continued. “Recently, Tim was diagnosed with a very serious, a very aggressive form of brain cancer.”


In what world do we live in where a person can just blurt out whatever he wants just to be provocative or popular or maybe desperate? Oh yea, that's right, this one!  Not sure how the Wakefield's handled this with their kids or family but maybe they were keeping certain things close to the vest. They certainly were with the public. 


Curt Schilling is a piece of shit.  This has long been established.  We here at BYB have fought with him on Twitter because he's an absolute loose cannon. 




That's one of many.  He's off the reservation. But Curt Schilling being an asshole isn't the story. Let's take a moment and keep Tim, his wife Stacy and their family in your thoughts.  It's a terrible thing and I just hope there is some way they can overcome this tragedy.


So very sad.






at 11:49:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: Curt Schilling, robert casey, tim wakefield
Thursday, September 28, 2023
HOT OFF THE PRESS! HERE'S A LOOK AT WHAT'S IN HAL'S "DEEP DIVE" INVESTIGATION



Fans already know this external investigation is really going to tell us how backwards the Yankees are compared to other teams. We know some of the details will be bad.... but I still can't wait to hear the juicy details in it. It's coming, very soon.

According to NJ.com HERE, "massive" changes are coming according to unknown insiders. I usually cringe with these stories that have unnamed sources but, in this case, I'm not hating it. We all know the Yankees are behind the times and have failed for far too long so it's not like this is a stretch of the truth.
So, what's next?





Here's what we know, the "data driven" final report will take a deep dive into four main areas and will compare the Yankees to other clubs. The investigation starts in October and those four areas include: successes and failures of trades in the last decade, success rates of draft picks (including international picks), the number of games and dollars lost to injuries and the state of the minor league systems. I can already imagine how bad the data will look on the number of games and dollars lost to injuries because our current medical staff and strength and conditioning coaches are embarrassingly bad.

Maybe this report is also what Hal Steinbrenner needs to see for him to understand how catastrophic the Yankees analytics department has been. These are the goons that are influencing Brian Cashman to acquire dead weight like Joey Gallo, Josh Donaldson and INJURED at time of trade Frankie Montas. The data will definitely support that Brian Cashman can no longer construct a winning team and should be dismissed.... but I don't think Hal is smart enough to make that move. It's yet another trait he didn't inherit from his late great father.

I do think NJ.com is right about Aaron Boone. I want him gone and I think most of us do, but I do not think we will be that lucky. Aaron Judge is the captain, and Hal is going to be receptive of his feedback. He's already in Boone's corner, and potentially a silent Cashman critic. Judge admits this season was a "major failure" but has not given Cashman the same vote of confidence as he did with Boone. If Boone comes back, he will likely have Judge to thank for that. I just wish his lack of enthusiasm so far for Cashman would lead to his dismissal but that feels like a pipedream.


It's disturbing how the "player's manager" can't get the best out of his players and win.... but he will likely be spared because if Judge and others want him around, that's exactly what will happen. 

This team needs a serious reality check and so does Hal. He's about to get it, but will he learn and do anything about it? I want to say yes.... but I don't think he has it in him. A lot needs to change for me to feel good about the direction of this organization again. I pray this is the start.







--Jeana Bellezza-Ochoa
BYB Senior Managing Editor
Twitter: @nyprincessj











at 7:58:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: aaron boone, aaron judge, Brian Cashman, hal steinbrenner, jeana bellezza, joey gallo, josh donaldson
Wednesday, September 27, 2023
YANKS WILL TRY & JUSTIFY TRADING FOR MONTAS IN LATEST STUNT



The Yankee organization must think we're stupid. That or they are just trying to justify the fact that they blew it with acquiring Frankie Montas and want to at least see what he has even though he's an injured liar that wasted everyone's time. Again... part of the blame is on this slug who didn't reveal anything about arm discomfort. He was not forthcoming. The other blame goes to the Yankees medical staff who just failed to see any injury in the physical to acquire him. The bottom line is the whole thing leaves a bad taste in my mouth. So why the hell would I ever want to see this guy in pinstripes again? Why would ANY Yankee fan?

Well... we might and that's the worst part of this.

Sportskeeda writes:

"Montas has now been cleared to pitch and has logged some innings in the minor leagues. Manager Aaron Boone recently said that the 30-year-old Dominican will likely get some work in the team's final series.

Giving Montas some time on the mound is likely due to his current contract situation. He will be a free agent when the season ends and have a short time to show teams his value."


And so, what's the point? Do the Yanks just want to come out of it and say, "We tried?"  The Yankees are playing for nothing right now.  It's just a hangover until the "reevaluation" process when Hal does a "deep dive" into the front office.  Can we just forfeit the last few games and get there already? Why are we wasting our time?



Enough.








at 7:59:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: frankie montas, robert casey
WHY IS ROWDY TELLEZ TALKING TRASH ABOUT DONALDSON OUTSIDE THE TENT?



We all know that Josh Donaldson is an ego maniac.  Why do we care?  Plus, let's put this into context; Was Josh Donaldson flexing because he's been around baseball forever or was him saying "Everybody knows who I am" a way to say, "I don't want to bother everyone with an introduction."  I guess what I'm saying is... why are we always starting shit? And who the hell is Rowdy Tellez that he is spilling clubhouse banter outside the Brewers tent? What happened to "team" and loyalty and backing each other up?  Sounds like a bitch.  

If you don't know what I'm talking about, a few days ago a story came out about Josh Donaldson and him coming into the Brewers organization after being ditched by the Yankees.  Yahoo Sports digs in about it because Rowdy Tellez has a big mouth:

“He came in the clubhouse and walked straight by, and I was like, ‘Hey, when you walk in the clubhouse, you introduce yourself to your teammates.’ And he goes, ‘Everybody knows who I am,’" Tellez said.

“And then, I was like, ‘Yeah, and when you see a former teammate, you say what’s up?’ And he was like, ‘Hey, are you on the seafood diet?’ And I was like, ‘Yeah, good one… See food, eat food. Beat you to it.’”





And I guess my question is who cares? We know Donaldson by now, we know his rep. Guys like Tim Anderson hate him, he rubs other players the wrong way and Donaldson could care less as well and so... is this news? It sounds like Rowdy Tellez is just a snitch.  


Stories like this are bogus and the people that arrange them to get press are the reason why true journalism these days has taken a back seat.  We are dumbing down America, folks. You're all smarter than that.  


Oh, and by the way, if you can't take a seafood joke and need to expose that to a podcast instead of saying something to Donaldson directly when your butt hurt... we got bigger problems. This was a cheap shot against Donaldson... and it's stupid.  


Toughen up Rowdy.








at 5:15:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: josh donaldson, robert casey, rowdy tellez, tim anderson
Monday, September 25, 2023
EVEN NFL LEGEND JOE NAMATH UNDERSTANDS BAD COACHING TRANSLATES TO BAD PLAY



I've been beating the "bad manager" drum for months.  Aaron Boone's time is up.  Brian Cashman's days need to be numbered.  Too many things are going on for them not to be sent packing.  Now guys can sit there and tell me that "players gotta play" and that's why the Yankees suck, and I believe that to be true to a certain extent.  But good coaching, a solid front office are all connected to that as well.  Aaron Boone should not be managing the New York Yankees.  Poor personnel moves, lousy motivator... blah blah blah. 




Read HEY BOONE, ARGUING BALLS & STRIKES JUST MAKES YOU ANNOYING! for more on that.  My point is the right coaching can honestly turn a team around.  And I'm not the only one who believes that.  Football Icon Joe Namath thinks so too.  In speaking about Zach Wilson and the Jets, he too believes that bad coaching is leading to a poor performance by the player himself.

The New York Post writes:

"The NFL legend questioned Gang Green’s coaching staff as third-year quarterback Zach Wilson struggled through a tough first half against the New England Patriots during Sunday’s 15-10 loss.

“I’m starting to wonder if Zach’s playing like he’s being coached,” Namath said on X, formerly known as Twitter. “He’s making choices that are not intuitive to the quarterback position.”





In other words, the player, Wilson may be doing what he's being told to do and not doing what he's supposed to be doing.  Perhaps made decisions, bad plays, bad leadership is to blame for Wilson's bad play.  Maybe too much information is scrambling his own confidence when he hits to field. The same could be said about sitting a hot player for a rest when they shouldn't sit during a hot streak.  Or overdoing it with bad phrasing and bad opinions on approach like Boone does best.  The point is, maybe the guys just have to play. They know they're bodies... they know what needs to be done. They need to have their confidence take over without some unqualified guy telling them how to do it.


Believe me, don't believe me, I don't care.  What I do know is Aaron Judge is just as fed up with the way this team played and was handled this year and said as much and I love it!


Judge said this after the Yankees chances were revealed after yesterday's loss:


"We’ve got a lot of work to do, a lot of internal talks, a lot of stuff we’ve got to get figured out.”


Let's hope Judge is speaking our language... a huge revamp top to bottom.  We need it.  This year was awful.


All and all, I'm sticking to my guns.  Good leadership wins championships. Why? Because it starts at the top.  I will always believe it... but let's see if Hal sees it this way too.  One can dream.








at 4:01:00 PM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: aaron boone, aaron judge, joe namath, robert casey, zach wilson
ELIMINATED! GUESS WHAT BOONE, "IT'S RIGHT IN FRONT OF US!"



The stench of failure.... it's right in front of us! It's been there for months, but yesterday it became official. There's a week left in the regular season and then the Yankees can watch contenders from their couch until another team wins the World Series. Harsh reality.... it's right in front of us.

But yet, I think back to this here:



We all remember Aaron Boone's little temper tantrum where he slammed his hand on the table. The Yankees could fix it, but they had to play better! The Yankees story wasn't written YET and there was still time. The pen was in his hand, and they just needed to write their ending and "run away with it" blah blah blah....

Well, the story just ended, and the ending wasn't written by Boone or the Yankees. Hopefully Hal Steinbrenner has a major epiphany and realizes that someone needs to be held accountable for this. Ultimately, we want it to be Brian Cashman, but it appears he has a lifetime appointment so he's safe. Someone has to take the fall so let's really write this ending and make Aaron Boone take the fall.




My ears bleed every time I hear Boone speak. Does the beginning of that press conference really inspire anyone? Newsflash, everyone.... he thought Carlos Rodon was "good. I thought he pitched which was good to see." He sounds like he never knows what to say because he is genuinely void of any understanding of what happens in games. He pitched which was good to see.... you know what would be better to see next season? A different Yankee manager.

I'd like Hal to take that pen that Boone held up in his press conference from August and start making some major changes by signing some pink slips. This team has far too many deficiencies to fix in hopes to be competitive again in the future. Making a few changes isn't enough, it's just a band aid fix.




There was a lot that went wrong this season, and we have months to talk about it. Failure is right in front of us....and I hope the END of Aaron Boone as the Yankees manager is next.








--Jeana Bellezza-Ochoa
BYB Senior Managing Editor
Twitter: @nyprincessj












at 9:22:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: aaron boone, Brian Cashman, carlos rodon, jeana bellezza
Sunday, September 24, 2023
THE FIVE BOYS OF FALL WHO WILL NOT BE FORGOTTEN IN 2023

The 2023 Yankees are almost in the history books—well except no one will want to read about them. The team has been lackluster, inconsistent, ridden with injuries and simply not fun to watch. And the 60+ games that Aaron Judge was on the IL just made this team painful to engage. As I moped through a sloppy Saturday from a barstool in Princeton, a friend said to me, "I knew you were done with the Yankees in August." She would be right. I even gave up behind home plate tickets against the Toronto Blue Jays this week because I knew the outcome. Yes, these boys of fall will soon be forgotten, except for those five standouts who kept me hoping this team could turn things around. 


1. Anthony Volpe 


As the AP wrote, "Anthony Volpe, one of the few bright spots in the worst Yankees season in three decades, became the 15th rookie with a 20-homer, 20-stolen base season." Volpe played in 152 games and provided much needed promise and hope to the future of the Yankees. He clubbed 21 home runs and batted in 60 RBIs, and he provided swift and accurate defense as a middle infielder.

2. Michael King

In six starts since joining the rotation, King has a 1.27 ERA with 42 strikeouts and just four walks across 28 ¹/₃ innings. And what he did this week against the Toronto Blue Jays was nothing short of phenomenal. According to the New York Post, "The 13 strikeouts were also the most by any Yankees pitcher this season. King struck out the side in the first inning and again in the sixth, both times on 14 pitches." By the way, that is the game I decided to sit out. And although I would have liked to have seen him pitch, as a mainstay this season, the Yankees did nothing to help their pitcher and lost 6-1 against the Jays, eliminating themselves from Wild Card hopes. 




3. Austin Wells

The future of catching is in the capable hands of Wells. Although he has not had a lot of time to gel with this team (and maybe that is a good thing given their record), he has shown that he has what it takes to become a great catcher for the future New York Yankees. Wells is regarded as one of the the Yankees' best offensive prospects. As a 24-year-old just getting started, it is my hope he will be a part of the 2024 in a major way. 

4. Aaron Judge 

The Yankee right fielder is just incredible. He is athletic, he is a leader and he provide much needed glue to this disparate team. Despite only playing around 90 or so games, Judge has hit 35 home runs. And he continues to anchor this outfield which has seen their share of changes since spring training.

5. Gerrit Cole

Cole is having a standout season and is a true contender for the Cy Young Award. He consistently throws 9-10 Ks a game and he is a mentor and teacher to the young pitching staff. He is an asset to this team on and off the field and a much needed ace for this team as they face their future.

As Sports Illustrated stated, "New York had very high expectations heading into the 2023 season but things haven't panned out. The Yankees have struggled and now will have to make some tough decisions this upcoming offseason to get back to the postseason in 2024." As long as these guys remain a part of the team, and management changes are made, the Yankees have an opportunity to redeem themselves in 2024.





--Suzie Pinstripe
BYB Senior Managing Editor
Twitter: @suzieprof











at 9:44:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: aaron judge, Anthony volpe, austin wells, gerrit cole, Michael king, suzie pinstripe
REDS LOSE BADER FOR THE REST OF THE YEAR




We love Harrison Bader here at Bleeding Yankee Blue.  We do not like him when he's hurt.  I was sad to see Bader go to the Reds, and I vowed to keep following and I will continue to.


Turns out not only is Bader hurt with the Reds, but he's also done for the year.  Wow. MLB Trade Rumors writes:


"... David Bell told reporters that outfielder Harrison Bader won’t return to the field this year..."


But what does it mean for the Yankees and Bader reconnecting in 2024? Lord knows Bader wants a reunion in the Bronx and said as much when he was claimed off waivers by the Reds. AP writes:


" Claimed off waivers by the Cincinnati Reds, Harrison Bader thought about one day returning to the New York Yankees.

“I never thought I'd ever play in the big leagues, let alone in the Yankees uniform,” the native New Yorker said Thursday. “I have no idea what's to come for the future. I certainly hope it's in a Yankees uniform again if that's an option.”


Obviously, the Yankees have a ton of things to fix this off season.  I am personally not sure if Bader is in the cards, but we will have to see.  


But on a personal note, I'll always love and appreciate this guy.  He's a gamer, he's a leader, he's mature and just wants to win. 








at 5:06:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: david bell, harrison bader, robert casey
Saturday, September 23, 2023
JUDGE THE SAVIOR!



Between Gerrit Cole just dominating this season and Aaron Judge continuing to crush home runs, one thing is for sure... at least we're trying.   The chants of Fire Cashman ringing through Yankee Stadium is evident however; fans want change. We are tired of waiting for the right team to win a championship.  His bad decisions and list of injured players makes this season a total bust.  Sure, you can blame the players, but when you see guys like Judge and Cole dominate... you really need to think about who's sprinkled around them too... those guys were brought in by Brian.  Whatever the case, let's not spoil a good moment.  Judge hit 3 dingers last night, and Yankee Twitter is one fire.

Sportskeeda writes:




"Aaron Judge sent New York Yankees fans crazy on social media after slamming three home runs against the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday... Judge has no doubt been the leader of the Yankees this season in every sense of the word. In his first season as Yankees captain, he has embodied the role well, with the team left struggling in the periods he has been out of the lineup...New York fans have gone crazy over social media and hailed their captain as the best slugger in the world: "King of NY," wrote one fan on Twitter. "Best in the league," added another."

The Yankees have 7 games left.  Today's game was cancelled because of the bad weather, but the best thing we can do right now is win these games, go into the off season knowing that we have to make hard changes to this team to improve it.  From the front office on down, including replacing the manager, things MUST HAPPEN.  


I didn't pay a dime to go to Yankee Stadium this year.  I always enjoy watching from my couch more anyway, but the idea of me paying nearly $600 bucks for me and my fam to watch mediocrity is lunacy.  And so, I saved my money and watched from home.  I'm saving it till next year & I will be there.  Next year will be our year.  I cannot wait!


Bring on 2024!






at 9:42:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: aaron judge, gerrit cole, robert casey
Friday, September 22, 2023
ANDY PETTITTE WILL HELP MAKE A BRONX STUD OUT OF RODON



I'm a big Carlos Rodon fan because I know what this guy is capable of.  He's got a ton of upside and will no doubt be worth his contract when he concludes his time in the Bronx. But not to get ahead of ourselves.  The beginning of his time in New York was tough.  But for me, that stuff doesn't matter. You're only as good as your last game.  But for Rodon, he is improving every game.  We're seeing things that prove he has the ability to conquer the jeers and eventually fall into favor with the fan base.  That's all I could ask for.

Now comes word that Andy Pettitte is working with Carlos to teach him the Yankee way, and let him understand the mentality you need to have when playing in New York. And you know what? It's only gonna help.




The New York Post writes:

" Pettitte said there are reasons for optimism — including in the bullpen session Rodon threw Thursday, as well as his previous two outings.

“He’s in a tough situation with the season he’s had and the injuries he’s had,’’ Pettitte said of Rodon. “Before the last road trip, I saw one of his pens that wasn’t quality,’’ Pettitte said. “He was all over the place. Then he went out in Boston and Pittsburgh and pitched well. That’s a step forward. I appreciate the work he’s put in.”...

“He was so good [Thursday], you just want to see that and let him settle in,’’ Pettitte said of the bullpen session. “My message to him has been, ‘Let’s stay healthy, get out there and get some reps.’ ”


When you have someone in your corner on a new team there is nothing you cannot accomplish. Support is the greatest gift for an athlete, because sports are hard.  Andy knows the Yankee way better than anyone. The key is to help get Carlos comfortable and in the right mindset... the rest is his talent and trust me... it's coming!












at 8:11:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: andy pettitte, carlos rodon, robert casey
THANK YOU, MR. T




I’m a creature of habit in so many ways. I go to what I know when I feel off, lost, alone or confused with whatever type Maddux-esq bleeder crosses the plate of life. I make jokes…normally at my own expense. I sing along to my favorite songs…been belting out “House of the Rising Sun” a good bit of late. I’ll watch baseball and I write. Lord knows the Yanks haven’t been a ton of help this season...and I could use those Bomber of the Bronx that’s for sure.

I’ve been lucky to have had so many coaches in my life when stuff goes sideways. Not just skippers on the diamond, field, water or court, but the best ones from the game of life. My old man, lifelong pals or even a fella I met reading a blog about those Pinstriped Players and became fast friends with. These people have been to me what Mr. Torre was to Jeter. Sometimes when you feel like you're last in your own “division”, relating to what you know isn’t just a good thing to do, it’s the right thing to do.

I’m here at the end of the bench beating myself up for everything like Paulie would do after missing that 3-2 limper that passed over the dish and wink at him on the way by. I’m angry, confused and utterly spent…but KNOW I must play on. There are people that count on all of us and to say, “Bulls**t I quit!” just isn’t what you do. If you truly have heart, you know you can’t quit on anyone that needs you.

So why Mr. T? Why bring up Stoic Number 6? Because of something he told Jeter. I’m paraphrasing of course, as I wasn’t on the roster or in the clubhouse to hear it. “We play the game with all we have. We
play it heart and soul…but it isn’t ours. We are charged to return it to the next generation better than we were given it.”


That’s something I’ve thought about a lot lately. The way Joe Torre was a Yoda-like thinker is why, in my opinion, he is a Hall of Fame Manager and person. 


I try to play the game I was given by my folks, family, the old guard with respect and with my heart and soul. Having good manners, good intentions, trying to be a hero as my grandfather, the good Cop from Bay Ridge was to the people in the neighborhood he patrolled. I owe that to them.


My time as a kid enjoying the everyday fun of school, little league and carefree summers is over. I need to turn over the game to my kids (the next generation) and steward over it like the Old Timers watching this current group of young Yankees. There is something in Torre’s message that shakes you out of whatever is dragging you down. It is like hearing Mickey Goldmill screaming his war cry of, “Get up! Get up you son of a bitch! One more round…cuz Mickey loves ya.”


We all must find the message in what Mr. T said. He wasn’t just about Baseball…it was about so much more, and he knew it when he said it to that skinny shortstop from Kalamazoo.


I write when I’ve lost my way and can’t see how things will work out. It helps to see my words on the page. Whether it be a post, song lyrics, a reminder…do what you know. Remember you are important to so many, and so many loved to watch you play the game. Now it’s your turn to give it back better than you received it. That’s how it’s done the right way.


Not a song that fits the post…but it’s a great one nonetheless.









--Mike O'Hara
BYB Contributor
Twitter: @mikeyoh21








at 6:00:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: derek jeter, greg maddux, joe torre, paul o'neill
Thursday, September 21, 2023
HEY BOONE, ARGUING BALLS & STRIKES JUST MAKES YOU ANNOYING!



What makes you a good leader?  Is it fighting for your team? Fighting for your guys? That is literally the smallest part of the gig in any business, but for some reason Aaron Boone thinks that getting ejected for arguing ball and strikes makes you a big man.  I don't buy it. In fact, I'm annoyed by it.  The dude's predictable, worrisome, an ego maniac and worst of all, not qualified.  The fact that he's still the Yankees manager is crazy to me and just confirms the fact that he's a puppet for the front office.  

Last night he got tossed again for calling balls and strikes.  Why? No idea. It's not like the Yankees are a bunch of winners this season.  It's not like they had a chance. Anyway, the AP writes:




"It was the seventh ejection this year for Boone, tied with David Bell of the Cincinnati Reds for most among major league managers. Boone has been tossed 33 times in six seasons as a big league skipper, all with the Yankees."

Look, sometimes Umps make bad calls. They are not perfect, but let's face it, neither are the Yankees. If your manager is gonna come out EVERY SINGLE TIME it's close, that just goes to show that you're too wrapped up for every single chance you didn't have and that shows desperation.  

Since I was a little kid in baseball it's been known that sometimes you get squeezed in baseball and sometimes you do the squeezing.  Boone needs to really think about how to manage effectively and stop trying to give the Yankees as many tries as possible to turn it around.  Cause I got news for you, that's not good leadership, that's crying, bitching... moaning.  

The Yankees are .500 this season. It's disgraceful with zero shot of making the playoffs.  Crying about balls and strikes doesn't get you in the playoffs.  Leading a team does.  What is Leadership?  Let me share:

The important qualities of a respectable Leader


Vision. 
Need to know what the hell you want to accomplish besides reading the Yankee talking points. Saying "We want to win a champion" isn't the answer. Everybody knows that.  You need to have a vision of HOW TO WIN THE CHAMPIONSHIP.  Aaron Boone has no vision. He as a pedigree of his grandfather, his father and his brother all in the MLB. But that is all he has. It has not translated clearly.


Inspiration. 
What is Boone saying behind closed doors? Is he coddling his players for trying? Is he benching guys even though they are on hot streaks? Is he playing tough love?  Find the right role of a hardnosed manager that can bring the best out of his players.  Being friends with the guys is not inspiring... it's a good hang.  We don't want a good hang; we want our guys inspired.


Strategic & Critical Thinking. 
Boone is NOT critical of his players so how can he think critically? When he speaks to the media he talks about bad breaks and trying to climb out of the hole and at least swinging at strikes.  Talking points lose every time.  Also, strategy? Hahaha. We don't do that.  We don't have strategies. We have a meathead philosophy of going out there and trying to mash the baseball every time. We aren't technical, strategic or even forward thinking. It's crazy.


Interpersonal Communication. 
This means the process of exchange of information, ideas and feelings. Our analytics department needs to be fired. Boone is too in touch with his feelings for his friends in Yankee uniforms. That's evident in his press conferences when he makes excuses. Oh, and when it comes to ideas... I'd love to hear them.


Authenticity & Self-Awareness. 
Boone is not authentic, he's a fake.  He also is not self-aware, because if he was, he wouldn't make every game about him and argue balls and strikes like a clown.  He is also rehearsed. We see that in every post-game.  


Open-Mindedness & Creativity.  
The only time Boone is creative is when he kills a guy's hitting streak for rest. or mismanages the bullpen. He's close-minded because he is set in this philosophy that it's "his way or the highway" but trust me, as a fan, I take the highway, cause his way doesn't lead anything.


Responsibility & Dependability.
Boone's dependable when the players need a shoulder to cry on, this is clear and when it comes to responsibility, Boone has never said, "This year is my fault."  Look at a guy like Stanton, he sucks right now, but at least he's owning it.  Gotta respect that.  Boone? He thinks he's unscathed.  I have news for you... he needs to be let go.






Look... I hate to bring you through this embarrassing exercise, but the point is simple... arguing balls and strikes does not make you a great leader.  You want to be a great leader? Do better in the categories above.  By the way, I googled that Boone. You've been at the helm for 6 years as the Yankees manager. You would think that you need to improve yourself by now. Get a freaking self-help book and learn to be a leader.  Cause right now? You're just a clown... still.












at 5:18:00 PM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: aaron boone, robert casey
A CRAZY STANTON TRADE SCENARIO THAT I CAN'T STOP LAUGHING ABOUT!



Here's a Thursday funny to give you a little pep in your step, I promise it is a good one! As the 2023 regular season winds down I have been reading through a lot of opinion articles from beat writers all focused on next season. We all know the Yankees have a lot of work to do to fix this team, and I keep seeing Giancarlo Stanton's name mentioned.

It's no secret, the Yankees have a history of giving some bad contracts, and Stanton's is no exception. His contract is crazy. He's still owed $128 million over the next four seasons which is hard to swallow for a soon to be 34 year old injury prone player with a full no trade clause. That just isn't an easy contract to trade, but NJ.com has an idea HERE that made me chuckle. 



I'm going to cut the story down a bit. First, NJ.com says Brian Cashman will need to approach Stanton and let him know that he would be a part time player if he's still on the team. That might encourage him to embrace a trade especially if it brings him home to Southern California where the Los Angeles Angels would be the perfect fit.

Yes, I said the Angels (which is why I start laughing). Since Shohei Ohtani will leave the Angels due to free agency, the Angels it will allow them to spend money on other players. So NJ.com suggests that the Angels will move on from their star pitcher and DH, so instead they would pivot to Stanton instead. Did they miss looking at the stats that show Stanton has a .190 BA and Ohtani has .304 BA? That's why I am laughing.




But there is more:

"The Yankees need to make it worth the Angels while to take Stanton at around 25 cents on the dollar. That would require eating $73.5 million, which is a big ask, but Steinbrenner can look at it as saving $24.5 million. What Cashman has to do is make it impossible for the Angels to say no. You do that by throwing in a good pitching prospect."

Sure, Cashman can look at that as saving $24.5 million but the Angels are sitting at an estimated $215 million in payroll now which is higher than they historically like to sit. There is nothing to suggest that the Angels would want to add that kind of payroll commitment, and if they would.... why would they do it for Stanton? It doesn't make sense.


The Angels have their own bad contracts, like Anthony Rendon, so I don't see them looking to add more on a player like Stanton. The Angels pay an average annual salary of $35 million through 2026 so this idea is a little bananas. Oh and....what good pitching prospect are we going to offer the Angels to "make it impossible for the Angels to say no"? The article didn't name one, and there isn't an obvious fit for a trade. It also doesn't help the payroll or help the Angels with their pitching situation right now.

I like thinking outside of the box, but this is a wild stretch. The Yankees have some bad contracts on the books, and the Angels aren't going to save the Yankees here. I'd bet money on that. 

So, there is your laugh.... carry on!





--Jeana Bellezza-Ochoa
BYB Senior Managing Editor
Twitter: @nyprincessj










at 7:56:00 AM No comments:  
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to X
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Labels: anthony rendon, Brian Cashman, giancarlo stanton, jeana bellezza, shohei ohtani
Newer Posts
Older Posts
Home
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
BYB Freaks
	
0	29
1	25
2	21
3	28
4	28
5	37
6	39
7	42
8	46
9	65
10	100
11	67
12	53
13	44
14	35
15	46
16	29
17	31
18	37
19	39
20	33
21	48
22	91
23	49
24	38
25	53
26	38
27	55
28	48
29	37
 1
1
0
1
4
0
7
5
Search BYB
	
Everybody Loves Bucky


Be Read. Get Known.


Read Casey


Read Suzie


Read Jeana


Read O'Hara


Must Haves


Steel Wheel Tavern


CLICK TO GET THIS SHIRT


Fun Designs


Mug Madness


TRENDING NOW
ALEX VERDUGO MAY HAVE FOUND A HOME
Alex Verdugo 's stint with the Yankees showcased him not only as a solid player but also as a fantastic teammate. He burst onto the New ...
PETE ALONSO COULD BE THE LAST FIRST BASEMAN STANDING
Remember when Bryce Harper and Manny Machado were the belles of the ball back in 2019, but had to wait until after spring training to get ...
JIM BOWDEN KNOWS WHERE ROKI SASAKI'S SIGNING
Jim Bowden just couldn’t help himself.  Bowden went there. Bowden went all in like he’s playing poker with Monopoly money and loving every s...
WE'RE JUST WAVING THE HA-SEONG KIM FLAG HIGH!
Since early December, Bleeding Yankee Blue took a hard stance on   Ha-Seong Kim . We want the guy in pinstripes, plain and simple. Guess wha...
IN THE LATEST SAGA OF THE METS WANTING TO BE THE YANKEES...
Steve Cohen and the New York Mets—baseball’s answer to that one person in high school who keeps trying to reinvent themselves to impress the...
WOULD THE YANKEES BRING BACK JORDAN MONTGOMERY?
The New York Yankees have a stockpile of starting pitchers, but that hasn’t stopped one MLB analyst from suggesting they should roll the dic...
YANKEES "CONFIDENT" IN SASAKI PURSUIT
Ken Rosenthal has declared the New York Yankees as one of the top contenders in the Roki Sasaki sweepstakes, and Yankees fans are buzzing l...
THAT ANTHONY SANTANDER - YANKEE RUMOR THAT WON'T GO AWAY
It's incredible that the connection this offseason between the New York Yankees and Anthony Santander just won't go away, even thoug...
LUIS ARRAEZ IS A REAL OPTION FOR THE YANKEES
Why? Cause Jeff Passan's on the case. When Jeff Passan speaks, the baseball world listens. Known for his stellar track record, Passan’s ...
I'M CALLING IT! HA-SEONG KIM TO THE YANKEES
I have wanted this all winter, and I really and truly believe it's the perfect solution. the question is, will it happen?  There have be...
Large Variety


Shop Your Face Off!


American Eagle


Tee Public


Honoring Negro League Baseball


HOTTEST THIS MONTH
YANKEES ARE MAKING BIG STEPS TOWARD ROKI SASAKI
Yankees picked up Paul Goldschmidt on a no-brainer 1 year contract and now have been working it when it comes to Roki Sasaki too. Cashman ...
RICKEY HENDERSON'S CAUSE OF DEATH REVEALED
Rickey Henderson, the "Man of Steel," has passed away at just 65 years old, leaving a void that feels impossible to fill. The deva...
HA-SEONG KIM! HA-SEONG KIM! HA-SEONG KIM!
Bleeding Yankee Blue was ahead of the curve when it came to Ha-Seong Kim , suggesting early on that he could be the Yankees' infield sol...
GLEYBER TORRES MAY HAVE NARROWED DOWN HIS DESTINATION
Gleyber Torres doesn’t appear to be sprinting into free agency — more like taking a leisurely jog. If his latest moves are any indication, ...
HERE COMES JASSON DOMINGUEZ... I HOPE
Alright, let’s talk about the Yankees' offseason moves! Honestly, I love what the Bronx Bombers have been cooking up. From savvy signing...
I'M CALLING IT! HA-SEONG KIM TO THE YANKEES
I have wanted this all winter, and I really and truly believe it's the perfect solution. the question is, will it happen?  There have be...
THE MARTIAN IS OUR YANKEE FUTURE
I don't know about you, but I feel as though the Yankees don't need an Anthony Santander . We have Jasson Dominguez . Yankees fans, ...
ALEX VERDUGO MAY HAVE FOUND A HOME
Alex Verdugo 's stint with the Yankees showcased him not only as a solid player but also as a fantastic teammate. He burst onto the New ...
A BIG CARLOS CORREA NUGGET JUST DROPPED IN MY LAP
 And Pete Caldera's greatest nugget yet! God love ya, Pete! When Pete Caldera speaks, the baseball world listens—at least, it should. Ca...
PETE ALONSO COULD BE THE LAST FIRST BASEMAN STANDING
Remember when Bryce Harper and Manny Machado were the belles of the ball back in 2019, but had to wait until after spring training to get ...
NYY Icons


Fun BYB Merch!


CLICK TO GET THIS SHIRT


BYB MOST READ OF ALL TIME
AROUND YANKEELAND, AROUND MLB AND KATE UPTON
There is plenty of news going on around the Yankees and Major league baseball that I had to fill you in on. Plus, you need to realize that ...
WADE BOGGS & THE BIG F.U.
Wade Boggs was never treated fairly by the Red Sox.  I know, when he left the Sox for the Yankees, and then the Yankees won a championsh...
WHY THE YANKEES MIAMI VICE BEAT THE MARLINS
I don't even know what that title means, I do know this though, I just won $5 from my buddy Joe who told me there was no way I could wor...
NO NAMES ON YANKEE JERSEYS: TRADITION OR SALES BAIT?
Source: SB Nation So, when Johnny Damon retired from baseball, I had a nice, home #18 jersey in my closet. I hadn't worn it in yea...
BLOCKBUSTER! YANKEES COULD MAKE TRADES WITHIN THE WEEK
  Source: Ronald Martinez/Getty Images North America There is speculation that the Yankees could make some trades with the San Francisc...
CHAPMAN PREPARES FOR A RETURN TO THE YANKEES
 You read that right. Now let your head explode. Look, there's a lot to be said about the Aroldis Chapman situation. Many call this guy ...
THE GRINCH OF MIAMI
There's low... there's lower and then there's douche.  You decide after this post about Miami owner Derek Jeter . Here'...
THE DAVID ROBERTSON TRADE REALITY
Source: USA Today I appreciate honesty especially in a world where we can't always find it easily.  Movies like Ocean's 11 an...
YANKEES ARE MAKING BIG STEPS TOWARD ROKI SASAKI
Yankees picked up Paul Goldschmidt on a no-brainer 1 year contract and now have been working it when it comes to Roki Sasaki too. Cashman ...
SWISHER'S BACK & HIS ROLE IS SWEET!
Photo: New York Times Nick Swisher is loved in New York. Now, he's back with the Yankees in a very important and cool role.  Big pr...
Support Laura


BYB EXCLUSIVES
Beth Hucke, We Want Nick Swisher to Host SNL
Billy Sample
Bob Lorenz
Brandon Steiner
Brendan & Sharyn Ryan
Brett Gardner
CC & Amber Sabathia
Charles & Joey Moses
Chris Dickerson
Chris Martin
Christian Lopez
Chuck Knoblauch
Cito Culver
Clay Bellinger
Clay Rapada
Clubhouse Confidential
Corinne Marlowe
Curtis Granderson
Dante Bichette Jr
Dave Goode, Yankee Stadium Vendor for 30+ years
David Phelps
Dean Anna
Don Larsen
Fritz Peterson
Garrett & Cassie Jones
High Socks for Hope
Homer Bush
Ian Clarkin
Ian O'Connor, ESPNNewYork.com
Jack Curry
Jake Ryan Hensley
Jim Leyritz
Jorge & Laura Posada
Juan Padilla
Ken Singleton
Ken White: Getaway Day
Kimberly Jones
Kris Totten, Akadema
Laura Posada
Lisa Varga
Lory Ankiel, Our Baseball Life
Marci Hensley, Ty Hensley's mom
Mariana Bichette, Dante Bichette Jr's mom
Marty Appel
Meredith Marakovits
Michael O'Neill
Mickey Rivers
Nancy Newman
Natalie Niekro, Joe Niekro's Daughter
Nick Swisher
Paul O'Neill
Pete Caldera, Bergen Record NYY beat writer
Phil Stoehr: Phil Rizzuto's Nephew
Raul Ibanez
Ray Negron "Yankee Miracles"
Rob Segedin
Ron Blomberg
Roy Smalley
Roy White
Scott Brosius
Scott Ferrall
Sean Carley
Shane Varga
Shaun Clancy, Foley's NY Pub
Steve Karsay
Tanyon Sturtze
Ty Hensley
Tyler Austin
READ YOUR FAVORITE BYB WRITERS
alexis garcia
Alvin Izzo
barry millman
dan lucia
erica morales
ike dimitriadis
jeana bellezza
mike o'hara
robert casey
steve skinner
suzie pinstripe
Internet Baseball Writers Association of America Member


Macy's


BYB Followers
Bleeding Yankee Blue Archive
January (40)
December (108)
November (62)
October (35)
September (27)
August (36)
July (39)
June (49)
May (31)
April (21)
March (26)
February (25)
January (24)
December (32)
November (36)
October (31)
September (42)
August (51)
July (40)
June (53)
May (30)
April (38)
March (38)
February (31)
January (29)
December (30)
November (36)
October (42)
September (27)
August (33)
July (36)
June (25)
May (28)
April (28)
March (30)
February (25)
January (26)
December (22)
November (24)
October (26)
September (29)
August (34)
July (45)
June (22)
May (25)
April (29)
March (30)
February (27)
January (33)
December (25)
November (28)
October (27)
September (24)
August (30)
July (35)
June (41)
May (46)
April (31)
March (40)
February (46)
January (43)
December (39)
November (35)
October (39)
September (45)
August (51)
July (47)
June (37)
May (40)
April (32)
March (39)
February (40)
January (42)
December (43)
November (52)
October (41)
September (41)
August (55)
July (44)
June (43)
May (52)
April (49)
March (51)
February (48)
January (53)
December (57)
November (61)
October (44)
September (47)
August (59)
July (65)
June (53)
May (54)
April (51)
March (62)
February (67)
January (75)
December (81)
November (80)
October (73)
September (66)
August (75)
July (73)
June (70)
May (86)
April (84)
March (88)
February (91)
January (88)
December (100)
November (86)
October (94)
September (98)
August (102)
July (108)
June (90)
May (90)
April (101)
March (124)
February (109)
January (108)
December (126)
November (127)
October (117)
September (114)
August (124)
July (133)
June (110)
May (114)
April (120)
March (121)
February (120)
January (135)
December (148)
November (122)
October (90)
September (97)
August (146)
July (162)
June (136)
May (136)
April (151)
March (133)
February (120)
January (125)
December (133)
November (135)
October (137)
September (113)
August (122)
July (146)
June (137)
May (146)
April (137)
March (134)
February (130)
January (139)
December (103)
November (99)
October (114)
September (124)
August (107)
July (112)
June (114)
May (105)
April (84)
March (97)
February (72)
January (60)
December (37)
November (43)
October (60)
September (26)
	
LIMITED TIME!


Victoria's Secret


Support Amber


BYB Shopfest


Touch by AM


Frederick's of Hollywood


Contributors
Ike DImitriadis
Jeana Bellezza-Ochoa
Robert Casey
Suzanne Carbonaro
The Mighty Casey
Writers Present & Past
robert casey
jeana bellezza
suzie pinstripe
erica morales
ike dimitriadis
mike o'hara
jesse schindler
steve skinner
mikey blue
barry millman
missy O'Rourke
chad r macdonald
lem allen
Alvin Izzo
grant cederquist
frank gentry
kate munrow
beth hucke
chris carbonaro
Fiat


Shop your Yankee Ass Off!




	
	
The Mighty Casey Productions has full ownership of Bleedingyankeeblue.com. Travel theme. Powered by Blogger.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://bleedingyankeeblue.blogspot.com/2023/09/ 
 ----- 
