LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
IND vs BAN third T20I: Hurricane Samson leaves Bangladesh in tatters
Sanju Samson’s 47-ball 111 and the 173-run second-wicket association with skipper Suryakumar (75) power India to a humongous 297, its highest in the shortest format; Men in Blue sweep series 3-0

Updated - October 13, 2024 07:22 am IST - Hyderabad

ASHWIN ACHAL
READ LATER
PRINT

Captain Suryakumar Yadav and Sanju Samson are seen during the third T20 international against Bangladesh in Hyderabad on October 12, 2024 | Photo Credit: K.R. Deepak

Sanju Samson (111, 47b, 11x4, 8x6) and Suryakumar Yadav (75, 35b, 8x4, 5x6) feasted on a hapless Bangladesh attack to propel India to a comfortable win in the third and final T20I here on Saturday. An explosive batting display from the Indians enabled a 3-0 sweep of the T20I leg, to go with the 2-0 win in the Tests held earlier.

Batting first, a thrill-a-minute ride took India to a monstrous 297 for six. This was the second highest innings total in T20Is, behind Nepal’s 314 for three against Mongolia last year. India easily moved past its previous best T20I score — a Rohit Sharma-inspired 260 for six against Sri Lanka in Indore in 2017.

A heavily bruised Bangladesh stood no chance in the chase, going down by 133 runs.

The 24,000-odd spectators at the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium got their money’s worth as Samson and Suryakumar lit up the night with a blazing 173-run second-wicket stand off 70 deliveries. Samson started proceedings by making room and driving Taskin Ahmed through cover, and flicking the pacer past midwicket when he strayed on the pads. Leg-spinner Rishad Hossain had the worst of it when Samson battered him for five sixes in the 10th over. Rishad, like many of his colleagues, erred in length and paid a heavy price.

A sweetly timed backfoot drive over cover and into the stands off left-arm speedster Mustafizur Rahman showed that Samson was in scintillating form. The Kerala wicketkeeper-batter brought up his maiden T20I hundred off 40 balls. Samson celebrated the second-fastest T20I century by an Indian with a huge smile and arms flexed.

Captain Suryakumar was not far behind, thrilling the crowd with an adventurous scoop to send a Tanzim Hasan Sakib bouncer over the wicketkeeper’s head for six. Suryakumar was in the zone — not even a dangerous beamer from Taskin fazed the Mumbai cricketer. The Samson-Suryakumar show took India to an incredible 152 for one at the end of 10 overs. The nightmare continued for Bangladesh even after Samson and Suryakumar departed. It was then time for Riyan Parag (34, 13b, 1x4, 4x6) and Hardik Pandya (47, 18b, 4x4, 4x6) to make merry.

Bangladesh had a complete meltdown in the 18th over, when ‘keeper Litton Das lobbed a throw over the bowler’s head when both batters were stranded at one end.

Off the first ball of the Bangladesh reply, Parvez Hossain Emon was bounced out by Mayank Yadav. The visitors could not catch a break.

Wrist spinner Ravi Bishnoi, drafted into the XI in place of Arshdeep Singh, picked up three wickets. Litton (42, 25b) and Towhid Hridoy (63 n.o., 42b) shored up their individual tallies even as their team’s cause was long lost.

Published - October 12, 2024 09:01 pm IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

Twenty20

Most Popular
IND vs AUS fifth Test: Australia crosses hundred with five wickets loss before lunch break
A case for pragmatic approach in T.N.
I have not retired, I just stood down from this Test because I am not in form: Rohit
SANTOSH TROPHY | Bengal motors past Services and into the final
SANTOSH TROPHY | Serial winner Bengal has a tough task on hand as it faces Services
Rohit Sharma opts to ‘rest’ for Sydney Test
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Bangladesh Army chief calls for national consensus 
South Korean Jeju Air crash black box data 
Uma Thomas accident 
Dallewal hunger strike 
School enrolment down by over 1 crore 
Delhi news 
News 
Live news 
BJP news 
Congress news 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
IND vs AUS 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/india-vs-bangladesh-third-twenty20-international-in-hyderabad-on-october-12-2024/article68746722.ece 
 ----- 
