Explore
Sign in
e-paper
Subscribe
Home
Home
Latest News
Markets
News
Premium
Companies
Money
Budget 2025
Personal Loan
Technology
Mint Hindi
In Charts
Hello User
Sign in
MY ACCOUNT
Subscribe
My Watchlist
Newsletters
Notifications
View More +
DATA INSIGHTS
Market Dashboard
Bullion
Fuel
Commodities
View More +
TOP SECTIONS
Today's News
India News
World News
US News Today
Budget 2025
Economy
Money News
Company Business News
View More +
PREMIUM OFFERINGS
e-paper
WSJ
Economist
MyMint
View More +
TOOLS AND CALCULATORS
IFSC Code Finder
Income Tax Calculator
SIP Calculator
View More +
MULTIMEDIA COLLECTIONS
Videos
WebStories
Photo Gallery
View More +
MORE FROM MINT
Mint Genie
Mint Lounge
EXPLORE MINT
About Us
Print Subscription
Mint Authors
View More +
Copyright © HT Digital Streams Limited
All Rights Reserved.
Mint+The Wall Street Journal at ₹3499Subscribe
Gainers & Losers
TOP GAINERS TOP LOSERS
Tata Motors share price
793.40
2.25%
Reliance Industries share price
1,240.90
1.86%
Indusind Bank share price
983.70
1.44%
ICICI Bank share price
1,280.50
1.28%
Asian Paints share price
2,293.10
1.10%
Active Stocks
Tue Jan 07 2025 15:59:46
Tata Steel share price
133.35
0.87%
Tata Motors share price
793.40
2.25%
Power Grid Corporation Of India share price
305.20
-0.28%
State Bank Of India share price
779.00
0.29%
Reliance Industries share price
1,240.90
1.86%
Business News/ Sports / Cricket News/  Pakistan vs South Africa Highlights, World Cup 2023: Markram, Shamsi lead SA beat Pakistan by 1 wicket
Back
Pakistan vs South Africa Highlights, World Cup 2023: Markram, Shamsi lead SA beat Pakistan by 1 wicket
1 min read . Updated: 27 Oct 2023, 11:01 PM IST
Livemint, Saurav Mukherjee, Devesh Kumar
Pakistan vs South Africa Highlights, World Cup 2023: Batting first, Pakistan were all out from 270 in 46.4 overs. Chasing 271 runs, the SA lost wickets too, but managed to win by 1 wicket. Catch Highlights here 
Pakistan vs South Africa Live Score Updates, World Cup 2023: South Africa's Aiden Markram plays a shot during the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup match between Pakistan and South Africa in Chennai, India, Friday, Oct. 27, 2023. (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A.) (AP)

Pakistan vs South Africa Highlights, World Cup 2023: Chasing 270, South Africa defeated Pakistan by 1 wicket at a crucial match in the ICC Men's World Cup 2023 in Chennai on 27 October. 

Early, Babar Azam won the toss and decided to bat first at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai. Temba Bavuma said at the toss that he would have liked to bat first as well.

Despite a shaky start, Pakistan managed to put up 270 runs on scoreboard after losing all its wickets. For Pakistan, Skipper Babar Azam (50), Saud Shakeel (52) and Shadab Khan (43) helped the Pakistani team score some runs. For the Proteas, Tabraiz Shamsi took 4 wickets, Marco Jansen picked 3 wickets, Gerald Coetzee took 2 wickets and Lungi Ngidi clinched one wicket.

Chasing 271, the Proteas lost de Kock soon, but Temba Bavuma (28), Rassie van der Dussen (21) kept the momentum going. Despite losing wickets in between, the Proteas did sail the Pakistani high tidal bowling attack, all thanks to Aiden Markram's (91) brilliant knock. At the end, Keshav aharaj finished the game with a boundary on the second delivery of the 48th over and the Proteas win the match by 1 wicket with 16 balls remaining.

For Pakistan, Shaheen Shah Afridi picked up three wickets, while Haris Rauf, Mohammad Wasim and Usama Mir took two wickets each.

With this win, South Africa are on the top of the ICC points table, ahead of India, with 10 points. However, Pakistan is at the 6th place with 4 points.

Both South Africa and Pakistan decided to make a few changes in their playing XI. An injured Hassan Ali is replaced by Mohammad Wasim Jr in the side while Mohammad Nawaz makes a comeback after the injury. Meanwhile, Temba Bavuma, Tabraiz Shamsi, Lungi Ngidi make their way in the South African XI in favour of Reeza Hendricks, Kagiso Rabada and Lizaad Williams.

Amid speculation that Babar Azam could be sacked from the captaincy if Pakistan fail to qualify for the World Cup, the world's number one ODI batsman will be looking to make a statement with the bat.

Another player with a point to prove for Pakistan will be Shadab Khan, the all-rounder who has had a poor tournament so far at the 2023 World Cup with a cumulative score of just 74 runs. Shadab, who was dropped from the squad, only came back in the last game when Mohammed Nawaz was injured.

Pakistan and South Africa World Cup squads: 

Pakistan: Babar Azam (c), Shadab Khan, Fakhar Zaman, Imam-ul-Haq, Abdullah Shafique, Mohammad Rizwan (w/k), Saud Shakeel, Iftikhar Ahmed, Salman Ali Agha, Mohammad Nawaz, Usama Mir, Haris Rauf, Hasan Ali, Shaheen Afridi and Mohammad Wasim.

South Africa: Temba Bavuma (c), Gerald Coetzee, Quinton de Kock (w/k), Reeza Hendricks, Marco Jansen, Heinrich Klaasen, Andile Phehlukwayo, Keshav Maharaj, Aiden Markram, David Miller, Lungi Ngidi, Kagiso Rabada, Tabraiz Shamsi, Rassie van der Dussen and Lizaad Williams.

When and where to watch the Pakistan vs South Africa match? 

The Pakistan vs South Africa match will air live on Indian television via Star Sports channels. Indian viewers can also enjoy free live streaming of these matches on the Disney+Hotstar app and website. Social media giant Meta has also partnered with the ICC for World Cup 2023 coverage on Instagram, WhatsApp, Facebook and Threads. The match will start at 2 PM.

Pakistan vs South Africa Live Score Updates, World Cup 2023: Key highlights

1. Pakistan skipper Babar Azam won the toss and opted to bat first 

2. Pakistan openers Abdullah Shafique and Imam-ul-Haq began the innings 

3. South African pacer Marco Jansen striked early, as he dismissed Abdullah Shafique 

4. Pakistan skipper Babar Azam is on crease with Imam-ul-Haq

5. Marco Jansen striked again and Imam-ul-Haq is also walking back to the pavilion

6. Muhammad Rizwan and Babar Azam were building a partnership, but Gerald Coetzee dismissed Rizwan to end that. 

7. Spinner Tabraiz Shamsi dismissed Iftikhar Ahmed, Babar Azam, Saud Shakeel and Shaheen Afridi

8. Gerald Coetzee clinched his 2nd wicket of the day as he dismissed Shadab Khan

9. Marco Jansen clinched his 3rd wicket to dismiss Mohammad Nawaz

10. South Africa bowls out Pakistan on score of 270 runs and the Proteas need 271 runs to win. 

SA Innings:

After an expensive over, Shaheen Shah Afridi bowls his second over. Gets his rhythm back and dismisses de Kock (24) in 3rd ball of the 4th over. 

South Africa score 50 runs in 6.5 overs (41 balls).

Mohammad Wasim brought into attack and he dismisses Bavuma in the fifth ball of the 10th over. 

South Africa score 100 runs in 13.4 overs (82 balls).

3rd wicket partnership between Dussen and Markram completes 50 runs in 46 balls

Osama Mir departs HE van der Dussen (21) in the 18.5 over. 

Proteas lost Heinrich Klaasen (12) to Mohammad Wasim in the 4th delivery of 22nd over.

South Africa complete 150 runs in 24.4 overs (148 balls), Extras 10

AK Markram completes 50 off 50 balls

South Africa complete 200 runs in 32.2 overs (194 balls)

Shaheen Shah Afridi dismisses David Miller (29) on the first delivery of the 34th over.

Haris Rauf dismisses Marco Jansen (20) in the fifth delivery of the 37th over.

South Africa complete 250 runs in 40.1 overs (241 balls)

Usama Mir AIDEN MARKRAM (91) in the second delivery of 41st over.

Shaheen Shah Afridi strikes and departs Coetzee (10) in the first delivery of 42nd over.

Maharaj finished the game with a boundary on the second delivery of the 48th over and the Proteas win the match by 1 wicket with 16 balls remaining.

South Africa's Tabraiz Shamsi becomes 'Player of the Match' for picking up 4 wickets.

27 Oct 2023, 11:41:15 AM IST
PAK vs SA Live: ‘This defeat hurts’, Babar Azam after loss against Afghanistan

PAK vs SA Live: "This defeat hurts. We thought we had posted a good total on the board, one that our bowlers could defend. However, our bowlers were simply not up to the mark as we neither managed to pick wickets in the middle overs (of the Afghanistan innings) nor put a check on the scoring rate. If you fail to deliver the goods in even one department, you end up on the losing side. It's as simple as that. We couldn't stop the boundaries and gave away easy runs, which cost us in the end. As far as our bowling is concerned, I thought we started well but couldn't effect breakthroughs in the middle overs,"

"Yes, absolutely. This loss would rankle. It was very hard for the team to take. Our plan was to get to a total of 280-290, which we managed to accomplish. However, our bowling and fielding were not up to the mark. We have to improve vastly in these two aspects if we are to challenge teams in the tournament. I felt that in the middle overs, our spinners didn't bowl as tightly as they should have. We didn't bowl enough dot balls, which would have choked the run flow and put their batters under pressure. When your bowlers hit the mark in only 3-4 overs, you end up relieving the pressure on the Opposition,"

27 Oct 2023, 11:38:46 AM IST
PAK vs SA Live: Temba Bavuma says South Africa found a way to divert attention from ‘chokers’ tag 

PAK vs SA Live: 

"I do not think it has given us any extra motivation to be honest. I think we probably looked at ways as to how we can maybe divert our attention away, not necessarily using the choker tag, but how do we address and deal with the present expectation. We understand that as the tournament progresses, the more we keep playing well, that is going to come to the fray. But I think we have developed ways as to how we can, I guess, divert our attention, and focus on the important things," 

"Like I said, it is still early in the tournament. There is still going to be pressure situations that we're going to overcome. If we stumble, we will probably have to deal with that tag again. But for us as a team, we're looking at other ways to be able to deal with it," he added.

27 Oct 2023, 11:34:34 AM IST
PAK vs SA Live: Pakistani spinners have been ineffective, says Ifhtikhar Ahmed

PAK vs SA Live: Pakistani batter Iftikhar Ahmed has admitted that spinners from his side have been ineffective, he told reporters, "We do have finger spinners in our team, including me and (Mohammad) Nawaz. Yes, the role of our spinners hasn't been that effective here. But we will keep trying to improve. That's all we can do,"

The PAK batter added,"We can definitely bounce back. There's no doubt that we possess the abilities, and we have world-class players in our side… We still have a lot of matches left. But we have to win them all to get into the top four," he signed off.

27 Oct 2023, 11:14:56 AM IST
PAK vs SA Live: Former Pakistani cricketer criticize Abdullah Shafique, Babar Azam

PAK vs SA Live: Former Pakistni paccer Abdul Razzaq while speaking to Geo News Urdu said, "When Abdullah Shafique was playing he was aggressive but when Babar (Azam) came in to bat, he was stopping his shots, which means he got guidelines to not hit the shot. He tried to stop the ball or play a half-hearted shot. The ball he got out on was not a wicket-taking ball, it seemed like he did not know how to play. This means that whenever the captain is on the crease the strike rate of other players is 78 to 80. It means that he was told to play like that," 

"This is not cricket. You are scoring 270 against such teams, target should be around 350. This should have been your approach. They say Babar doesn't know captaincy then what are the people in management doing? They should help him out. What are they writing stats," Razzaq added.

27 Oct 2023, 10:59:44 AM IST
PAK vs SA Live: Babar's captaincy on the line

PAK vs SA Live: Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has hinted that Babar Azam's captaincy might depend on the outcome of  the ICC World Cup. 

In a statement, PCB said, “Addressing the media scrutiny directed at captain Babar Azam and the team management, the board's stance, echoing that of former cricketers, is that successes and defeats are part of the game. Captain Babar Azam and Chief Selector Inzamam-ul-Haq were given freedom and support in forming the squad for the ICC World Cup 2023,"

"Looking ahead, the board will make decisions in the best interest of Pakistan cricket based on the team's performances in the World Cup. At present, the PCB encourages fans, former players and stakeholders to rally behind the team as they strive to make a triumphant comeback in the mega-event."

27 Oct 2023, 10:42:51 AM IST
PAK vs SA Live: Probable XI for both teams

PAK vs SA Live: 

Pakistan Probable XI

Abdullah Shafique, Imam-ul-Haq/Fakhar Zaman, Babar Azam (C), Mohammad Rizwan (WK), Saud Shakeel, Iftikhar Ahmed, Shadab Khan, Usama Mir, Mohammad Wasim Jnr, Shaheen Shah Afridi, Haris Rauf

South Africa Probable XI

Temba Bavuma (C), Quinton de Kock (WK), Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram, Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Marco Jansen, Keshav Maharaj, Tabraiz Shamsi, Kagiso Rabada, Lungi Ngidi/Lizaad Williams

27 Oct 2023, 10:17:05 AM IST
PAK vs SA Live: Chepauk pitch report

PAK vs SA Live: The MA Chidambaram (Chepauk) in Chennai has hosted 27 ODIs so far. There were 15 occasions when the team batting first won the match while teams chasing the score won on 11 occasions. One match produced no results. In the last match over here, Afghanistan beat Pakistan by 8 wickets.

When batters get comfortable with the pace and the bounce of this pitch, they can score big but need to watch out for spinners. The slow pitch can make it tough for power hitters. The pitch helps fast bowlers early in the game. Later on, spinners get more help and batting gets harder.

Click here to read the full report

27 Oct 2023, 10:07:47 AM IST
PAK vs SA Live: When and Where to watch? 

PAK vs SA Live: The Pakistan vs South Africa match will air live on Indian television via Star Sports channels. Indian viewers can also enjoy free live streaming of these matches on the Disney+Hotstar app and website. Social media giant Meta has also partnered with the ICC for World Cup 2023 coverage on Instagram, WhatsApp, Facebook and Threads. The match will start at 2 PM.

27 Oct 2023, 10:07:47 AM IST
PAK vs SA Live: Head to head records

PAK vs SA Live: Pakistan and South Africa have played 82 ODIs with each other so far. Pakistan have 30 of those cricket matches while the Proteas have won 51 matches. There was no result in 1 match. In the last decisive match between these two in April 2021, Pakistan defeated South Africa by 28 runs.

These two have faced off five times in ODI World Cups before today’s match. Pakistan have won it thrice and Pakistan twice. It is interesting to note that Pakistan won the last two World Cup encounters, in 2019 and 2015, whereas South Africa won it 1992, 1996 and 1999.

Click here to read the full report

Newer Updates
Older Updates
Connect with us:
TRENDING STORIES
Delhi Elections Date Union Budget 2025 Justin Trudeau Resignation LIVE HMPV Cases LIVE HMPV outbreak in China Earthquake today Kalyan Jewellers Share Price Anita Anand Hamps Bio share price Budget 2025 First Gen Beta Livemint Hindi Bank Holidays in Uttar Pradesh Bank Holidays in Gujarat Bank Holidays in Delhi Bank Holidays in September Bank Holidays in Jammu And Kashmir Instant Personal Loan Check Credit Score Online Business Loan Personal Loan Interest Rate Personal Loan Eligibility Personal Loan EMI Calculator Gold Rate in Delhi Gold Rate in Bangalore Gold Rate in Chennai Gold Rate in Hyderabad Gold Rate in Mumbai Business Radio - FAB Play Assembly Election Results Credit Card Stock Market Crash Personal Loan Online Gold Rate India Bank Holidays India Best Led TV best 43 inch tv
TOP BUDGET STORIES
Budget 2025 date and time: When will FM Nirmala Sitharaman present Union Budget? Chhattisgarh: 7 killed, 3 injured in lightning strike in Balodabazar-Bhatapara Mint: The ultimate primer for Union Budget insights Budget 2024: CBDT chairman says review to make ‘bulky’ Income Tax Act ‘simpler’ Amendments in Black Money Act to remove penalty on undisclosed foreign assets ‘I want to relieve middle class, but I have limitations too,’ says FM Budget 2024: Strict norms to obtain clearance certificate for leaving India Budget 2024: Critical minerals push key to cross-industry value addition Govt has no plan to reconsider real estate LTCG tax changes, says report Budget 2024: Chandrababu Naidu hails Centre's financial help of ₹15k crore to AP
DATA PAGES
Quarterly Results Calendar Petrol Prices Diesel Prices MCX Gold Price Election Results 2024 Assembly Election Results 2024 MCX Silver Price Gold Price Silver Price NSE TOP Gainers NSE TOP Losers BSE TOP Gainers BSE TOP Losers Bank Holidays 2024 Upcoming IPO 2024 BSE Q3 Results 2023 Income Tax Calculator
POPULAR STOCKS
JSW INFRASTRUCTURE share price R R KABEL share price CONCORD BIOTECH share price IDBI Bank share price Yes Bank share price Adani Power share price HUL share price Indian Oil share price Vedanta share price Jio Financial Services share price Paytm share price Punjab National Bank share price Canara Bank share price Adani Green Energy share price Indian Railway Finance Corporation share price Suzlon Energy share price IREDA share price Vodafone Idea share price Orient Technologies share price Premier Energies share price Bajaj Housing Finance Share Price Garuda Construction And Engineer share price Hyundai Motor India share price
LATEST STORIES
Zuckerberg showcases $900,000 Greubel Forsey watch amid major Meta announcement HCLTech's junior staff get marginal pay hike, seniors left waiting Gold worth ₹29 lakh concealed as metal buttons seized at Delhi airport Emirati billionaire’s $20 billion bet on Donald Trump’s America When Calls the Heart Season 12 Episode 2: Premiere date, time, where to watch New safety measures on heavy vehicles to make highways safer: Minister Gadkari Inside Prashant Kishor's vanity van: Walkie Talkie facility, bedroom, and more ‘Aap bigaad rhe ho’: Netizens on Shaadi.com's Anupam Mittal's request to OYO CEO Trump expected to announce $20 billion investment in data centers: Report NSDC and Axis My India to bridge skills gap, ready workers for rich nations
NIFTY 50 COMPANIES
ADANI ENTERPRISES share price ADANI PORTS share price APOLLO HOSPITALS share price ASIAN PAINTS share price AXIS BANK share price BAJAJ AUTO share price BAJAJ FINANCE share price BAJAJ FINSERVE share price BPCL share price BHARTI AIRTEL share price BRITANNIA share price CIPLA share price COAL INDIA share price DIVIS LABORATORIES share price DR REDDYS LABORATORIES share price EICHER MOTORS share price GRASIM INDUSTRIES share price HCL TECHNOLOGIES share price HDFC BANK share price HDFC LIFE share price HERO MOTOCORP share price HINDALCO INDUSTRIES share price HINDUSTAN UNILEVER share price ICICI BANK share price ITC share price INDUSIND BANK share price INFOSYS share price JSW STEEL share price KOTAK BANK share price LARSEN & TOURBO share price MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA share price MARUTI SUZUKI share price NTPC share price NESTLE INDIA share price ONGC share price POWER GRID share price RELIANCE INDUSTRIES share price SBI LIFE share price SBI share price SUN PHARMA share price TCS share price TATA MOTORS share price TATA STEEL share price TATA CONSUMER share price TECH MAHINDRA share price TITAN share price UPL share price ULTRATECH CEMENT share price WIPRO share price
DOWNLOAD APP

Download the Mint app and read premium stories

 
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
RSS
Copyright © 2023 HT Digital Streams Ltd All Right Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.livemint.com/sports/cricket-news/pakistan-south-africa-live-score-updates-icc-cricket-world-cup-27-oct-pak-vs-sa-babar-rizwan-miller-klaasen-chennai-11698378512141-page-3.html 
 ----- 
