Skip to main content
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
Site search
Sign UpLog In
e-Edition
News
Sports
Records
Community
Opinion
Obits
Multimedia
Classifieds
Features
Churches
Real Estate
Automotive
Jobs
Subscribe
Place an Ad
Public Notices
Advertise
Jobs
Circulars
Sister, sister: Unique combo leading Lady Red soccer
Jake Nichols Sports Editor Jun 11, 2024 Updated Jun 11, 2024  0
1 of 3

Cocke County’s girls soccer program will feature a blood-related coaching combo this season, as head coach Mikayla Metzdorf announced that her sister, McKenzie Gregg, will be assisting in the 2024 campaign.

PHOTO VIA MIKAYLA METZDORF

Cocke County’s Mia Budiraharja suffered a season-ending injury last year, but she is returning in strong form for her senior season to lead a senior-heavy CCHS roster.

PHOTO BY JAKE NICHOLS

Cocke County coach Mikayla Metzdorf is feeling optimistic going into this season, as she has watched plenty of progress from the Lady Red so far this summer.

PHOTO BY JAKE NICHOLS
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

NEWPORT — Going into the 2024 season, Mikayla Metzdorf is working her Cocke County girls’ soccer team hard.

But she is not alone in doing so, as Metzdorf will be joined by her sister, former Chattanooga player McKenzie Gregg, this season.

Gregg’s decision to coach gives CCHS two coaches who have coached at the club level after playing Division I and semi-pro — since Metzdorf played for Carson-Newman and the Knoxville Force.

“I am pleased to share that Coach ‘Mac’ McKenzie Gregg is assisting,” Metzdorf said. “The wisdom, experience, and discipline she brings to the team as a former D1 college athlete of the University of Chattanooga and former semi pro athlete for the Chattanooga Red Wolves has already pushed the team to the next level.”

Nowhere was that more evident than social media recently, as Metzdorf posted a video of her players running up the steep hill near Newport Grammar School.

Indeed, the Lady Red head coach has seen positive results thus far, giving way to her excitement for this season.

“I am beyond pleased with the productivity of summer workouts thus far,” Metzdorf said. “Players are punctual, eager to grow, and excited to be back with the team. The veteran leadership is unmatched. Our rising upperclassman have taken the role of leadership as veteran players seriously.

“We will begin the 2024 fall season with many veteran players, but we also introduce many eager freshman ready to contribute to our team success. All players return healthy, with a semester of weightlifting under their belt, hungry to earn their spot and be a defining player in both practice and games.”

All of those pieces will look to improve on last year’s result, as Cocke County lost to Carter to end its 2023 campaign.

One essential returning piece is rising senior Mia Budiraharja, whose season-ending injury last fall left the Lady Red without their top striker.

But the Lady Red also feature seven other seniors in a loaded class, which will look to lead a promising group under Metzdorf.

One new addition is Molly Layman, who helped lead the Cocke County/Cosby United team to a region title last fall under James Groat.

Another is Yasmin Ayala, a rising freshman who also plays for FC Alliance and who played the United team.

With the staffing addition and a cohesive roster, the Lady Red have seen an uptick in production this summer.

“Summer practices have been organized, disciplined, and well executed,” said Metzdorf.

CCHS will look to continue that through the rest of this month and after the Dead Period, leading up to the first game on August 13.

“Performance is evaluated in each practice and game and I am already seeing improved performance,” said Metzdorf. “The culture and expectations for the team has been set.

“A shared mindset of attitude, effort, and responsibility will continue to take our team to the next level.”

  
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Sports Association Football
Recommended for you
 (0) comments
Welcome to the discussion.

Log In

Sign up for our Newsletters here!
	
Sign up
Manage your lists
 Support Local Journalism in Classrooms
Trending Recipes
Patricia N.
Burbank, CA
Roasted Pistachio Salmon With Maple Whiskey Sauce
Lisa M.
Waynesboro, VA
Sour Cream Pound Cake
Janet C.
Quinwood, WV
Parmesan Baked Pork Chops



Sign up for E-Alerts
Breaking News Alerts

When news breaks, we're here. Sign up for Breaking News email alerts from NewportPlainTalk.com

News Updates

Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!

Manage your lists
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
Sections
News
Sports
Local Events
Public Records
Community
Opinion
Obituaries
Photos
Videos
Online Features
Weather
Services
Contact Customer Service
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Promote Your Event
Advertise
Site Forms
Subscriber Savings
© Copyright 2024 The Newport Plain Talk 145 East Broadway, Newport, TN  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newportplaintalk.com/sports/article_9b6953c0-2819-11ef-8e83-5fd8fad6874a.html 
 ----- 
