Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
Jimmy Carter funeral
En vivo: Protestas en Venezuela
SPORTS
Ohtani and Betts lead Dodgers to latest blowout of Mets for 3-1 lead in lopsided NLCS
1 of 14 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani celebrates after scoring on Mookie Betts two-run home run against the New York Mets during the sixth inning in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

2 of 14 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Mookie Betts celebrates after a two-run home run against the New York Mets during the sixth inning in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

3 of 14 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Mookie Betts celebrates after a two-run home run against the New York Mets during the sixth inning in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

4 of 14 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Mookie Betts hits a two-run home run against the New York Mets during the sixth inning in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

5 of 14 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Mookie Betts celebrates after a two run double against the New York Mets during the fourth inning in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

6 of 14 |  

New York Mets’ Jesse Winker reacts after flying out against the Los Angeles Dodgers during the sixth inning in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

7 of 14 |  

New York Mets watch during the ninth inning in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

8 of 14 |  

New York Mets fans watches during their loss against the Los Angeles Dodgers in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

9 of 14 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani celebrates in the dugout after scoring on a double by Mookie Betts during the fourth inning in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series against the New York Mets, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

Read More
10 of 14 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani scores past New York Mets catcher Francisco Alvarez on a double by Mookie Betts during the fourth inning in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

11 of 14 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani breaks his bat and grounds out against the New York Mets during the seventh inning in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

12 of 14 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani reacts after getting hit with a foul ball during the eighth inning in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series against the New York Mets, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

13 of 14 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani scores past New York Mets catcher Francisco Alvarez on a double by Mookie Betts during the fourth inning in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

14 of 14 |  

A New York Mets fan watches during their loss against the Los Angeles Dodgers in Game 4 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Thursday, Oct. 17, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

BY  MIKE FITZPATRICK
Updated 6:04 AM UTC, October 18, 2024
Share

NEW YORK (AP) — Fresh off another October blowout, Shohei Ohtani and the Los Angeles Dodgers are one win from the World Series.

Ohtani hit a leadoff homer and scored four times, Mookie Betts also went deep and drove in four runs, and the Dodgers routed the New York Mets 10-2 on Thursday night for a 3-1 lead in their lopsided National League Championship Series.

“I love the way that our guys haven’t let off the gas,” manager Dave Roberts said. “We don’t want to give these guys any momentum.”

Betts had a two-run homer and a two-run double among his four hits. Max Muncy extended his streak of reaching base safely to 12 plate appearances, a postseason record, and the Dodgers closed in on their 25th pennant — most in NL history.

“You just ride those emotions,” Betts said. “I’ve tried to stay even-keeled and all those things. At a time like this, that doesn’t really work, so you’ve just got to jump on the rollercoaster and enjoy the ride.”

Game 5 is Friday at Citi Field, with Jack Flaherty scheduled to pitch for Los Angeles looking to put his hometown team in the World Series.

David Peterson will make his first playoff start for New York after pitching well out of the bullpen this postseason.

RELATED STORIES
Dodgers set to re-sign outfielder Teoscar Hernández for $66 million over 3 years, AP source says
Blue Jays, Dodgers and Red Sox among losing bidders for Juan Soto
Does Shohei Ohtani still owe his manager Dave Roberts a new Porsche?

“Peterson is fully rested. Last time he pitched was four days ago. So I’m anticipating him making a regular start,” Mets manager Carlos Mendoza said, adding that starter Kodai Senga will be available out of the bullpen.

Surprise cleanup batter Tommy Edman had three RBIs, including a tiebreaking double off starter Jose Quintana with two outs in the third inning. Kiké Hernández followed with an RBI single that made it 3-1.

Betts broke open the game, greeting reliever Jose Buttó with a two-run double in the fourth and then right-hander Phil Maton with a two-run homer in the sixth.

Both big hits followed walks to Ohtani, handed three straight free passes after homering on consecutive swings going back to Game 3.

“I just know there was a stretch there for like, two or three at-bats, I don’t think he even saw a pitch remotely close, which I understand. But it’s going to be tough to just walk him all the time,” Betts said. “We’ll see. If they want to continue to do it, that’s OK. I just need to make sure I take care of my job and the guys behind us.”

Ohtani pointed toward the Dodgers dugout when he connected. The $700 million superstar said All-Star first baseman Freddie Freeman, who sat out with an ankle injury, had spoken to him before the game.

“Freddie talked to me to make sure that I joined the party earlier than later,” Ohtani said through an interpreter. “So I was able to do that this time in my first at-bat.”

Betts, who began the night hitting .200 this postseason, gave a huge fist pump between second and third as he rounded the bases following his third homer of the playoffs.

Mark Vientos provided a rare highlight for New York, hitting his fourth postseason homer in the first inning off $325 million rookie Yoshinobu Yamamoto.

But the Mets, who were 14-2 in their past 16 games at Citi Field when they arrived back home Wednesday, were blown out on their own turf for the second successive night.

New York has been outscored 30-9 in the series, including 9-0 in the opener and 8-0 in Game 3.

“You’ve got to give those guys credit. That’s a deep lineup,” Mendoza said. “And whether (our starters) are feeling it or not, we haven’t executed and we haven’t got length from them.”

The latest flop after a thrilling comeback ride this far into October hushed a sellout crowd of 43,882 and left Citi Field eerily quiet in the late innings — and just about as empty as April.

“If we come back from this, then it’s going to be a heck of a story,” outfielder Brandon Nimmo said.

Evan Phillips earned the win with 1 1/3 scoreless innings in relief of Yamamoto, who struck out eight and was removed in the fifth with a 5-2 lead.

Trailing 7-2, the staggering Mets had a chance to get back in the game when they loaded the bases with nobody out in the sixth. But then Phillips got two outs and Blake Treinen retired pinch-hitter Jesse Winker on a fly to the right-field warning track.

“I sort of like the us-against-the-world attitude that our guys have sort of taken on. I think that’s kind of ironic with the Dodgers, but I like that,” Roberts said.

“Once we win five more games, then I’ll be much happier. But yeah, I’m very excited to be in this position. And I just want to keep our guys hungry and focused and not let these guys back in the series.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Dodgers: Freeman missed his second game of the playoffs. He has been playing with a badly sprained and swollen right ankle throughout the postseason.

Mets: Slumping catcher Francisco Alvarez hobbled to first base in pain after getting drilled by Yamamoto’s 91 mph sinker to begin the fifth. He was pulled for a pinch hitter with the bases loaded in the sixth.

UP NEXT

Acquired from Detroit at the July 30 trade deadline, Flaherty went 6-2 with a 3.58 ERA in 10 regular-season starts for the Dodgers and finished 13-7 with a 3.17 ERA overall. He allowed two hits over seven innings to win the NLCS opener 9-0.

Peterson was 10-3 with a 2.90 ERA in 21 regular-season starts. He saved the Wild Card Series clincher in Milwaukee and won the Division Series clincher against Philadelphia in relief.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Iran holds military drills as it faces rising economic pressure s and Trump's return
What’s my car worth? Take a look here (you might be surpri...
Cars Value
:
Advertisement
Venezuela's opposition calls for protests against a third term for President Maduro
Former champs Texas and Ohio State seek another title shot when they play in CFP semi at Cotton Bowl
Live updates: Former President Jimmy Carter's casket is moved from the Capitol ahead of his state funeral
Polish president seeks protectio n for Netanyahu if he attends...
Poland’s President Andrzej Duda is asking the country’s government to ensure that...
AP News
Everton fires manager Sean Dyche with team near relegati...
Everton has fired manager Sean Dyche with the Premier League club just two...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Neva da (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
Find out how LifeMD can improve your sleep. Easy prescription solutions that he...
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
This Handmade Cardin al Wood Carving Is Taking Nevada By...
FANYIL
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Florida orange juice and steel will be on Canada's list for reta...
A senior official says Canada is looking at putting retaliatory tariffs on American...
AP News
Rwanda’s Paul Kagame urges Congo to negotiate with M23...
President Paul Kagame of Rwanda has urged Congolese authorities to negotiate...
AP News
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Spacecraft buzzes Mercury's north pole and beams back stu...
A spacecraft has beamed back some of the best close-up photos yet of Mercury'...
AP News
Former French President Sarkoz y denounces 'plot' at trial over...
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has vigorously denounced a “plot” he sai...
AP News
This Winter Hat is Sweeping Nevada
FANYIL
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Arthrozene:Advertisement
Learn More
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamon ritual tonight
Better Health News:Advertisement
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
Meet Indestructible America's Hottest Dog Toy
PetsBoro:Advertisement
Read More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/mlb-playoffs-dodgers-mets-ohtani-b74016de46665008a9cc927a14d21f75 
 ----- 
