Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Defense hurts, helps Mets -- all in one inning
Share
Defense hurts, helps Mets -- all in one inning
October 17th, 2024

Christina De Nicola

@cdenicola13
Share
;

8 SECONDS REMAINING

NEW YORK -- The Mets aren’t playing in the National League Championship Series without crisp defense.

During the regular season, the Mets ranked 14th in the Majors in defensive runs saved and 13th in outs above average. When the club turned things around in July, its 14 OAA ranked second highest that month. And while winning 20 of its final 29 games to clinch a postseason berth, New York committed only 10 errors -- tied for third fewest in that stretch.

Before the Mets’ 8-0 loss to the Dodgers in Game 3 on Wednesday night got out of hand, second-inning miscues set the tone for a tough night ahead.

“When you're giving a team like this extra outs, extra bases, they're going to make you pay,” said Mets manager Carlos Mendoza, whose club has made four errors in three NLCS games.

Added shortstop Francisco Lindor: “It is a tough inning, but at the end of the day, it's part of the game. It's one of those where if we would have made the plays, things probably would have been a little different. But at the end of the day, it worked out the way it worked out. You've got to live with it, come back and be better tomorrow. It's part of the game. You've got to limit the mistakes. This time of the year, you've got to limit the mistakes to win ballgames. And today they played better than us.”

Following a leadoff walk to Max Muncy, Teoscar Hernández chopped a pitch in front of the plate. Rather than go for the sure out at first base, catcher Francisco Alvarez threw to second (83.1 mph, 95th percentile), where Muncy reached safely and set up the possibility of a big inning.

Right-hander Luis Severino was unable to help his own cause against the next two batters. Gavin Lux hit a potential double-play ball back to Severino, but he bobbled it and was only able to get the out at first as the runners advanced. Named an NL Gold Glove finalist on Tuesday, Severino then couldn't corral a Will Smith comebacker that had a 12 percent hit probability. Rather than fielding it cleanly and holding the runner at third, the ball deflected off Severino's glove and Muncy scored.

Related
'I don't take it lightly': Wright humbled as he looks toward Mets immortality

January 8th, 2025

Horwitz lauds 'one of a kind' Wright for earning Mets honor

January 7th, 2025

Taylor's gratitude, attitude shining as he becomes Mets' difference-maker

October 11th, 2024

The secret weapon for each Division Series team

October 5th, 2024

How Mets' confidence in Alvarez is starting to pay off

October 19th, 2024

How Severino's signing signals new direction for A's

December 8th, 2024

“I made big pitches when I needed to, just feel like my glove messed everything up in that inning there,” said Severino, whose five DRS ranked third among NL pitchers. “I was not good, you know? I should have caught those. One should have been an easy double play. Another one should have stopped the guy going to home plate. Made a couple mistakes there, but everything else after that was pretty good.”

But it wasn’t all ugly.

It looked like the Dodgers would break the game open earlier than they did when the next batter, Tommy Edman, drove an elevated cutter to the right-center-field gap.

Center fielder Tyrone Taylor raced to the warning track, where he not only made a sliding grab but narrowly avoided a disastrous collision with right fielder Starling Marte. Taylor’s arm hit Marte’s side before they bumped shins. Instead of a two-run extra-base hit, Edman settled for a sacrifice fly.

“I was just thinking, 'Go catch it,' and then last minute, I saw Star, and I felt fear, because he's a big human being,” Taylor said. “But I just had to commit to try to grab it. Looking at the video, he told me, too, that he would have caught it. But then he saw me last second, too. I think we both knew we were going to hit each other. Somebody had to catch the ball.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Here are the Statcast metrics on the play:

45 percent catch probability (four-star catch)
29.8 ft/sec sprint speed (30 ft/sec is elite)
Covered 104 feet

This wasn’t the first time Taylor impacted a postseason game with his defense. With the Mets holding a one-run lead in the fourth inning of Game 3 of the NL Division Series, Taylor barehanded a ball off the right-center wall and fired a throw that caught Alec Bohm trying to stretch a single into a double.

Though Taylor’s advanced metrics in center field were unremarkable in 273 regular-season innings (0 DRS and 1 OAA) this season, he has 8 DRS and 6 OAA in his career in center. He had been 1-for-4 converting four-star catches in 2024.

“I'm just trying to do my best out there, and I'm thankful for any time I'm able to help these guys get outs,” Taylor said. “It's definitely a good feeling. Just out here doing my best.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Mets
Tyrone Taylor
Francisco Alvarez
Luis Severino

Christina De Nicola covers the Marlins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

2:56 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

Can this AL West team swoop in on Sasaki?

January 8th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/tyrone-taylor-makes-great-catch-in-nlcs-game-3 
 ----- 
