SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
NETHERLANDS SURVIVE SCARE TO SEE OFF BOSNIA & HERZEGOVINA IN SEVEN-GOAL THRILLER
Netherlands survive scare to see off Bosnia & Herzegovina in seven-goal thriller
James Hilsum,
07.09.2024 20:47
Cody Gakpo netted the Netherlands' decisive third on Saturday night
Maurice van Steen / ANP / AFP
Joshua Zirkzee and Tijjani Reijnders both claimed a goal and an assist each, as the Netherlands began their UEFA Nations League (UNL) campaign with an emphatic 5-2 win over Bosnia & Herzegovina.

Ronald Koeman’s side reached the semi-finals in the last UNL edition, and they wasted no time in launching their quest to improve on that.

Impressively, the Oranje took a mere 13 minutes to break the deadlock, as Joshua Zirkzee diverted a superb backward looping header in off the post – albeit somewhat fortuitously after an initial strike from Xavi Simons took a huge deflection into his path.

With the Manchester United forward having marked his first senior start for the Netherlands with a goal, it looked like the hosts would cruise home from there.

However, Bosnia stunned the Philips Stadion with an unlikely equaliser just 14 minutes later. Ermedin Demirovic expertly took Denis Huseinbasic’s pass into his stride and clinically slotted home past Bart Verbruggen. Not deterred, the hosts were inches away from netting what would have been a sublime second goal, as Zirkzee and Tijjani Reijnders combined in a beautiful one-two, but the latter's strike cannoned off the crossbar.

But that same duo finally managed to engineer a second Dutch goal in first-half stoppage time, as Zirkzee threaded a wonderful ball to the AC Milan midfielder, who dispatched a superb left-footed strike past Nikola Vasilj.

Netherlands - Bosnia & Herzegovina match ratings
Flashscore

Reijnders was clearly having an enjoyable Saturday night in Eindhoven and displayed a beaming smile after firing wide with another effort just after the re-start.

Virgil van Dijk was next to come close with a header which sailed inches over the bar, ahead of a seemingly inevitable third Dutch goal. But Reijnders then added an assist to his name with a low, driven cross from the right-hand side, which Cody Gakpo slid home from point-blank range.

Koeman’s side were seeing out the second half with relative comfort until veteran marksman Edin Dzeko halved the deficit when he brilliantly brought down Esmir Bajraktarevic’s searching cross and prodded the ball past Verbruggen.

But there would be no grandstand finish as the Dutch added a fourth goal in the 88th minute, as Vasilj parried Quinten Timber’s initial strike straight towards Wout Weghorst, who applied a poacher’s finish.

But Koeman’s men were not done there, and in stoppage time, Simons took Donyell Malen’s pass into his stride, lashing home a fifth goal to cap off a fine night’s work.

The Oranje are back in action against Germany at the Johan Cruijff Arena on Tuesday, while the Dragons will be aiming to arrest an alarming run of seven consecutive defeats in all competitions against Hungary in Budapest on the same day.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Tijjani Reijnders (Netherlands)

Check out all the match stats with Flashscore.

MENTIONS
Football
UEFA Nations League
Netherlands
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Related Articles
Wirtz and Musiala star as Germany put Hungary to sword in Nations League opener
07.09.2024 20:37
Players need to play for national teams despite packed calendar, says Spain coach
07.09.2024 19:36
Portugal boss Roberto Martinez expects stiff test against quality Scotland side
07.09.2024 19:12
Show more
Football
Cristiano Ronaldo slams Rodri's 'unfair' Ballon d'Or win ahead of Vinicius Junior
8 h ago
Arsenal close gap on league leaders Liverpool after win against Ipswich
8 h ago
Brighton's winless run continues after entertaining goalless draw with Brentford
9 h ago
Transfer News LIVE: Arsenal keen on Cunha as Manchester United make Mendes approach
12 h ago
Updated
Maresca urges Chelsea players to react after disappointing Fulham loss on Boxing Day
13 h ago
Postecoglou confirms injury-hit Tottenham in the market for January signings
13 h ago
Union Berlin part ways with manager Bo Svensson after poor run in Bundesliga
16 h ago
LaLiga welcomes court decision to reject Barcelona's appeal to register Dani Olmo
16 h ago
Akanji confident Manchester City's luck will turn after Everton performance
17 h ago
Lopetegui's West Ham facing injury crisis ahead clash with league leaders Liverpool
17 h ago
Most Read
Transfer News LIVE: Arsenal keen on Cunha as Manchester United make Mendes approach
LaLiga welcomes court decision to reject Barcelona's appeal to register Dani Olmo
Luke Littler battles past Ryan Meikle in 'toughest game ever' at World Championship
Flashscore Awards 2024: Real Madrid claim our Men's Team of the Year prize
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Cagliari - Inter
Napoli - Venezia
Juventus - Fiorentina
AC Milan - AS Roma
Swiatek - Helgo
Swiatek - Muchova
FOOTBALL SCORES
Leicester - Manchester City
West Ham - Liverpool
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Anadolu Efes - Karsiyaka
Olympiacos - Lavrio
Fenerbahce - Merkezefendi
KK Krka Novo mesto - Crvena zvezda
Panathinaikos - AS Karditsas
Real Madrid - Barcelona
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/netherlands-bosnia-herzegovina-report-2024-09-07/Q5g1dVtI/ 
 ----- 
