We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1466 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE
Home » Excellent Joshua Zirkzee leads the Netherlands to victory over Bosnia and Herzegovina
Excellent Joshua Zirkzee leads the Netherlands to victory over Bosnia and Herzegovina
written by Derick Kinoti 09/07/2024


Manchester United striker Joshua Zirkzee was the main man for the Netherlands as they beat Bosnia and Herzegovina 5-2 in their opening group match of the Nations League.

Zirkzee opened the scoring for his side just 13 minutes into proceedings.

RB Leipzig’s Xavi Simons brilliantly manoeuvred his way into the opposition box and put in a ball that luckily found its way to a lurking Zirkzee. The new United signing headed it in from close range to give the Netherlands the lead.

Zirkzee was at it again just before the break, this time with a superb assist for Tijjjani Reijnders, who brilliantly got around the Bosnia and Herzegovina defence to guide the ball into the back of the net.

Cody Gakpo’s third, Wout Weghorst’s fourth and Simons’ fifth goals of the match ensured that strikes from Ermedin Demirovic and seasoned talisman Edin Dzeko were rendered largely insignificant.

Zirkzee led the line for the Dutch for around 74 minutes before he was taken off and replaced by Weghorst.

Beyond his goal and assist, the former Bologna man had another shot, which was off-target. He touched the ball 38 times and successfully found his teammates with 19 of the 26 passes he attempted. Four of his passes were key passes.

Zirkzee created an impressive three big chances.

He delved into five ground duels but won just one. Aerially, he was required to contest three challenges and he lost on all three occasions. The defensive side is an aspect of his game that Zirkzee will be keen to improve.

Zirkzee shared the pitch with fellow United teammate Matthijs de Ligt, who slotted right next to Virgil van Dijk at the heart of the Netherlands’ backline.

De Ligt – who also joined United in the summer – made one interception and one tackle.

He engaged in four ground duels, winning all of them. He also came out on top in three of the six aerial duels he challenged for.

In what was an all-action display from the defender, he had 109 touches of the ball to his name and successfully completed 90 passes.

He connected with two of the five long balls he tried to ping.

(Stats obtained from Sofascore)

Zirkzee and De Ligt will certainly be hoping that their respective performances were enough to earn them starts in the side’s next match against Germany on Tuesday.


JOSHUA ZIRKZEEMATTHIJS DE LIGTNETHERLANDS
LATEST TOP STORIES...
Harry Maguire has impressed Ruben Amorim with Man...
Marcus Rashford could face more disciplinary action at...
Despite derby day axe, Man United have no...
Marcus Rashford omitted from travelling Man United squad...
Atletico Madrid want to sign Man United forward...
Barcelona ruled out of the race for wantaway...
DERICK KINOTI

Derick Kinoti is a football writer at The Peoples Person who has covered Manchester United and the game extensively for many years. He is a keen analyst with expertise in SEO and journalism standards. Derick is convinced Wayne Rooney is the true GOAT and won't hear otherwise!

     

2021. All Right Reserved by The Peoples Person.

MAN UTD NEWS
MAN UNITED TRANSFER NEWS
MATCHDAY
FEATURES/VIDEO
SQUAD
ABOUT US
×
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeoplesperson.com/2024/09/07/excellent-joshua-zirkzee-leads-the-netherlands-to-victory-over-bosnia-and-herzegovina-285223/ 
 ----- 
