HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE

⁠Netherlands vs Bosnia Predicted lineup, betting tips, odds, injury news, H2H, telecast | UEFA Nations League 2024-25
Published at :
September 6, 2024 at 3:30 AM
Modified at :
September 6, 2024 at 3:30 AM

Aayush

0
0
The Oranje kickstart their Nations League tenure against the Dragons.

The Netherlands had an eventful Euro 2024 after being so close to reaching the finals. They were beaten by the Three Lions in the semi-final despite taking the early lead in the contest. It marked a painful evening for the team who were moments away from a historic run. 

Ronald Koeman knows his side now have a brilliant chance to go all the way in the tournament after being drawn against Germany, Hungary and Bosnia in League A Group 3. Bosnia will be their first opponent as they later gear up to take on Germany in their second match on 11th September. 

Bosnia and Herzegovina are far from becoming one of the best teams in Europe after finding themselves in the 75th spot in the recent rankings. The team once known for making it to the major tournaments has faltered in recent years. 

However, there is new optimism among the supporters. For fans, this team can go all the way to the further rounds, thanks to the excellent work they have been doing recently. Hopefully, they find themselves in the top two at the end which would guarantee them a place in the quarterfinals. 

Kick-Off:

Saturday, 7 September 2024 at 7:45 PM UK

Sunday, 8 September 2024 at 12:15 AM IST

Location: Philips Stadion

Form:

⁠Netherlands (in all competitions): D-L-W-W-L

Bosnia (in all competitions): L-L-L-L-L

Players to Watch
Xavi Simons (⁠Netherlands)

The latest sensation to make a name for himself globally. Xavi Simons has come a long way from the fringes of PSG to the star at RB Leipzig and the Dutch national team. The attacking talent has been in fine form recently having been entrusted by both his managers. They want him to take responsibility for the team by creating chances for the side and also coming up with goals at the same time. Simon’s dynamism and creative prowess have already seen him score one and assist two for his club in the new season. 

Ermedin Demirovic (Bosnia)

The Stuttgart frontman has become the nation’s biggest hope of taking them back to the top after undergoing rapid progress in his career in recent seasons. Demirovic was one of the standout forwards in the German division last term. A successful 2023-24 season saw him score 15 goals and register nine assists.

His overall goal contributions were enough to hand him a summer move to high-flying Stuttgart. The German side signed him to fill the void left by Serhou Guirassy. 

Match Facts
The Netherlands have scored eight goals in the previous four matches
Bosnia have failed to win a match in their last six attempts
Bosnia are without a clean sheet in six attempts
⁠Netherlands vs Bosnia: Betting tips and odds
Tip 1: Netherlands to secure the win
Tip 2: Xavi Simons to score the first goal
Tip 3: Match to end with goals over 3.5
Injury & Team News

The Netherlands have given Brighton’s Jan Paul van Hecke his first call-up to the national team. There is also a place for Justin Kluivert who is in line to make his first appearance since 2018. However, Ronald Koeman will be without Joey Veerman and Tottenham’s Van de Ven through injuries. 

Bosnia have one injury issue in their squad. Atalanta’s Sead Kolasinac will miss out on this match due to a thigh injury. Rest everyone are available for selection. 

Head to Head

Total Matches – 2

⁠Netherlands – 1

Bosnia – 0

Draw – 1

Predicted Lineup
⁠Netherlands predicted lineup (4-2-3-1):

Verbruggen (GK); Dumfries, Timber, Van Dijk, Ake; Schouten, Reijnders; Malen, Simons, Gakpo; Zirkzee

Bosnia predicted lineup (3-5-2):

Piric (GK); Ahmedhodzic, Katic, Bicakcic; Gazibegovic, Saric, Tahirovic, Hajradinovic, Hadzikadunic; Gigovic, Demirovic

Match Prediction for ⁠Netherlands vs Bosnia

The Oranje will fancy it against the Dragons who are ranked 68th places below them in the overall rankings. The rankings can help determine the quality and depth of both the teams. Home advantage should also help the team in overcoming the visitors in the opening fixture. We expect Ronald Koeman’s team to register a dominant victory here. 

Prediction: ⁠Netherlands 3-1 Bosnia

Telecast for ⁠Netherlands vs Bosnia

India – Sony Sports Network, SonyLIV

UK – ITVX, Premier Sports

US –  FOX Sports App, Fox Sports 2

Nigeria – SuperSport, DStv Now

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
AC Milan vs AS Roma Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Juventus vs Fiorentina Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
West Ham vs Liverpool Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Tottenham vs Wolves Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Leicester City vs Manchester City Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Top five managers with most FA Cup trophies
List of Mohun Bagan coaches and their performance in ISL
Top five Premier League clubs with most wins on Boxing Day
Six clubs with most Boxing Day defeats in Premier League history
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap!

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/world-football-netherlands-vs-bosnia-uefa-nations-league-match-preview-202409 
 ----- 
