ENG 
Select Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
England vs Bangladesh Live Score Ball by Ball, ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
Settings
Change Font Size
A
A
Change Language
हिंदी | Hindi
Focus On Story
Select Language 
Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
Search
Featured Links
Australia vs India
Champions Trophy 2025
CT Schedule
EPL Table
EPL Schedule
Featured Sports
Cricket
Football
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Golf
Badminton
More Sports
Kabaddi
NBA
Boxing
Athletics
Chess
Swimming
Shooting
Wrestling
Table tennis
Othersports
More From NDTV
NDTV
Business
Hindi
Movies
Cricket
Health
Food
Tech
Auto
Apps
Trains
Art
WT20
17 Oct 21 to 14 Nov 21
Scores
News
Photos
Videos
Fixtures
Points Table
Teams
Players
Venues
More 
Results
Stats
Cricket Matches
Cricket Matches
Football Matches
All Matches
India Matches
WT20
Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Dubai, Nov 14, 2021
New Zealand
172/4 (20.0)
Australia
173/2 (18.5)
Australia beat New Zealand by 8 wickets
2nd Semi-Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Dubai, Nov 11, 2021
Pakistan
176/4 (20.0)
Australia
177/5 (19.0)
Australia beat Pakistan by 5 wickets
1st Semi-Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Abu Dhabi, Nov 10, 2021
England
166/4 (20.0)
New Zealand
167/5 (19.0)
New Zealand beat England by 5 wickets
Sports Home ICC T20 World Cup 2021 News England Vs Bangladesh Live Score Ball By Ball ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score Of Todays Match On NDTV Sports
 
England vs Bangladesh Live Score Ball by Ball, ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
Live Updates of Today Match between England vs Bangladesh from Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Abu Dhabi. Check commentary and full scoreboard of the match.
NDTVSports
Updated: October 27, 2021 03:55 pm IST
Read Time: 14 min
BAN vs ENG Latest Score

Follow the ICC T20 World Cup 2021 live cricket score on Sports.NDTV.com. After 5.1 overs, Bangladesh are 26/2. Get live score, ball by ball commentary and much more. Keep track of ICC T20 World Cup 2021 today match between England and Bangladesh. Everything related to England and Bangladesh match will be available on Sports.NDTV.com. Stay updated with England vs Bangladesh live score. Do check for England vs Bangladesh scorecard. You can get scorecard updates, match related facts. Get quick live updates with ads, Sports.NDTV.com, which is the perfect destination for live cricket score.

4.6 overs (4 Runs)
Four!

4.5 overs (0 Run)
Just a tad short, outside off. Mushfiqur Rahim rocks back and cuts hard but finds the backward point fielder.

4.4 overs (1 Run)
Floated, around off. Shakib Al Hasan eases it to long off for a run.

4.3 overs (0 Run)
Fuller in length, around off. Shakib Al Hasan hits it back to the bowler.

4.2 overs (0 Run)
Nicely tossed up, around off. Shakib Al Hasan prods to defend but it takes the inside edge and the ball goes to the left of the bowler.

4.1 overs (1 Run)
Flatter ball, darted on the pads. Mushfiqur Rahim stays back and tucks it to deep square leg to collect a single.

3.6 overs (1 Run)
Short and on off. Rahim stays back and pulls it to deep square leg. The fielder in the deep runs to right and keeps it down to just a single. A good over by Woakes, just 3 runs coming off it.

3.5 overs (0 Run)
Woakes gets some movement now. Back of a length, around off. The ball moves in and gets some extra bounce after hitting the deck. Rahim gets his gloves on it and the ball goes onto hit him on the body.

3.4 overs (1 Run)
Shakib Al Hasan opens his account now. A length ball, on the pads. Shakib Al Hasan flicks it uppishly towards square leg, but the ball lands safely. They take a single.

3.3 overs (0 Run)
Length and on middle. Shakib Al Hasan defends it back to the bowler.

3.2 overs (1 Run)
Touch short, around off. Rahim hangs back, swivels and pulls it towards mid-wicket off the inner half. They take one.

3.1 overs (0 Run)
Back of a length, outside off. Rahim stays back and cuts it towards point, but cannot find the gap.

2.6 overs (1 Run)
Full and on middle. Rahim comes across and flicks it to square leg. The batters take a single.

2.5 overs (0 Run)
Short and on off. Rahim cuts it to point.

2.4 overs (0 Run)
Full and on off. Rahim defends it out watchfully and Ali misses out on his Hat-Trick.

Mushfiqur Rahim walks out now.

2.3 overs (0 Run)
OUT! CAUGHT! Moeen Ali takes two wickets in two deliveries. He is enjoying his time with the new ball in this campaign. Naim gives away his wicket cheaply and Ali has gotten rid of the openers in a blink of an eye. Loopy ball, full and on off. Naim looks to clear the man at mid on, but he does not connect well. The ball goes straight to the man. Chris Woakes there takes a sitter. Moeen Ali is on a Hat-Trick. He went for 10 in his first over, but he has comeback strongly in the second one.

Shakib Al Hasan walks out at number 3.

2.2 overs (0 Run)
OUT! CAUGHT! Das looking to be aggressive against the spin, but is perished for 9. Floated, full and on off. Das kneels down and looks to sweep it away, but ends up getting the top edge. The ball skies high and towards deep square leg. Liam Livingstone comes forward and takes a good catch. Ali has drawn the first blood.

2.1 overs (1 Run)
Full and on middle. Naim nudges it to mid-wicket and crosses for a single.

1.6 overs (0 Run)
On a length, around middle and leg. Das looks to whip it across the line, but does not connect well. The ball takes the outside edge and ends up on the leg side.

1.5 overs (0 Run)
A full-length ball, outside off. Das comes inside the line and looks to flick it away but misses. He gets rapped on the pads. Woakes puts in a muted appeal. But it is surely outside the line and the umpire is unmoved.

1.4 overs (1 Run)
Full and on off. Naim drives it towards cover and crosses for a single.

1.3 overs (2 Runs)
JUST OVER MID-WICKET! Naim gets fortunate here. Slightly short, on the body. Naim hangs back and looks to pull it away. The ball goes over the mid-wicket fielder off the splice. Dawid Malan leaps with a hand stretched out but the ball loops over him. The batters take two in the end.

1.2 overs (0 Run)
A length ball, around off, angling across the batter. Naim stays inside the crease and pushes it to cover.

1.1 overs (0 Run)
Woakes starts with a good-length ball, on top of off. Naim stays inside the crease and defends it back to the bowler.

Who will bowl from the other end? Chris Woakes it is.

0.6 over (4 Runs)
FOUR! Back-to-back boundaries for Das and Bangladesh are off to a great start. Full and around off. Das makes room and slashes it past extra cover. The ball races away to the boundary. Ali could not end his over well and ends up giving 10 runs.

0.5 over (4 Runs)
FOUR! Down the ground. Lovely shot. Das gets the first boundary of the innings. Floated, full and on off. Das skips down the track and lifts it over the bowler's head for a boundary.

0.4 over (1 Run)
Naim opens his account now. Floated, full and on leg. Naim clips it to mid-wicket and gets a single.

0.3 over (1 Run)
Das and Bangladesh are off the mark! Tossed up, on middle. Das comes inside the line and tucks it to mid-wicket. The batters cross for a single.

0.2 over (0 Run)
Flatter and short, around off. Das hangs back and cuts it to point.

0.1 over (0 Run)
Little bit of spin from the first ball for Ali. Loopy ball, around off. The ball spins in. Das goes back and pushes it out to cover.

The players walk out for their respective national anthems. It is Bangladesh's first followed by England's. Done with all the pre-match formalities. It is time for the action to begin. The players walk out along with the openers of Bangladesh, Liton Das and Mohammad Naim. The players take a knee for their support to Black Lives Matter. Moeen Ali to start with the ball. Here we go...

Moeen Ali is up for a chat. He says a lot of confidence comes in after a good performance. Also, the win coming against the defending champions makes it even better. Mentions, he would love to play his new role in the future as well. Playing with Chennai in the Indian T20 League has given him more confidence and would contribute the same for the country. Mentions, Bangladesh are a tough side, they have several spinners who can make it difficult in the middle.

Eoin Morgan, the skipper of England, says that the wicket looks good and it is a new game, a different challenge and they need to adopt. Informs that there are no changes. Says that they have experience and will try and achieve the win.

Mahmudullah, the skipper of Bangladesh, says they will bat first. Adds that the wicket looks really good. Informs that they have made one change to their team. Tells that they are looking to restrict England by bowling well.

England (Unchanged playing XI) - Jos Buttler (WK), Jason Roy, Dawid Malan, Eoin Morgan (C), Jonny Bairstow, Liam Livingstone, Moeen Ali, Chris Woakes, Chris Jordan, Adil Rashid, Tymal Mills.

Bangladesh (Playing XI) - Mohammad Naim, Liton Das, Shakib Al Hasan, Mushfiqur Rahim, Mahmudullah (C), Afif Hossain, Nurul Hasan (WK), Mahedi Hasan, Shoriful Islam (In for Mohammad Saifuddin), Nasum Ahmed, Mustafizur Rahman.

TOSS – Both the skippers, Eoin Morgan and Mahmudullah, stride out to the middle for an all-important toss. Morgan flips the coin in the air. Mahmudullah calls for “Heads” and it lands “Heads”. Bangladesh have won the toss and opted to BAT first.

PITCH REPORT - Michael Atherton says that the dimensions of the ground are interesting as the straight boundaries are very long. Says, batters will look to sweep more against spinners. Dale Steyn adds that there is some grass but it will not make much difference. Says, it is a good wicket and the average score will be around 140.

Bangladesh, on the other hand, came back well in the qualifiers after losing against Scotland in the opening game but they lost their winning momentum in the first match of the Super 12 stage where Sri Lanka handed them a defeat. The Bangla Tigers did come out with intent having put into bat against Sri Lanka but their bowlers failed to defend a good score. Coming into this clash against England,  Bangladeshi's have suffered a huge blow as their pacer, Mohammad Saifuddin has been ruled out of the T20 World Cup due to an injury but they also have an able replacement in Rubel Hossain. The likes of Shakib Al Hasan, Mushfiqur Rahim and Mahmudullah have been performing really well for Bangladesh but it is important that they carry on with this form especially if they are to win against a strong English side. They will hope that their opening batter Mohammad Naim would get them off to another good start and put the opposition under pressure. The Bangla Tigers have their task cut out as they cannot afford to lose anymore games and get back to winning ways. Can they repeat the heroics of the 2015 Cricket World Cup and stun the England team yet again? We shall find that soon. Stay tuned for toss and further updates.

England, regarded as favorites to win this competition, have started well by winning their first game against West Indies and their confidence coming into this game would be sky high. They have got all bases covered in terms of balance of the side and it was clearly visible in the first game. Their only concern, if at all any, could be the batting form of their skipper but all is well until other batters are stepping up. The English bowlers are in red-hot form and they have a lot of variety in their attack with the likes of experienced Tymal Mills, Chris Jordan and some quality spinners in Moeen Ali and Adil Rashid. Eoin Morgan and his men would be looking to make it two wins a row but a tough Bangla challenge awaits them.

Hello folks! A very warm welcome to game number 20 of the ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2021 where England will lock horns with Bangladesh. England are coming into this game with a thumping victory against West Indies in their opening game while Bangladesh are coming in with a defeat in their first game. The T20 World Cup is at a stage where no team can afford to lose a game as the matches are coming thick and fast.

....MATCH DAY....

Super 12 - Match 20, ICC World Twenty20, 2021, Oct 27, 2021
Match Ended
ENG
126/2 (14.1)
BAN
124/9 (20.0)
Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Abu Dhabi
England beat Bangladesh by 8 wickets
Comments
TOPICS MENTIONED IN THIS ARTICLE
Bangladesh Cricket Team
England Cricket Team
Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Abu Dhabi
ICC T20 World Cup 2021
England Vs Bangladesh, Super 12 - Match 20
Cricket
Get the Latest Cricket Updates, Check India Tour of Australia 2024-25, Results, News and IPL 2025 Mega Auction Updates at NDTV Sports. Like Us On Facebook Or Follow Us On Twitter For More Sports Updates. You Can Also Download The NDTV Cricket App For Android Or iOS.
Related Articles
Shahid Afridi Reveals His "Unfulfilled Desire", It Has An 'India-Pakistan' Connection
India vs Pakistan: Rohit Sharma And Co. On The Cusp Of Huge Record In International Cricket
"It Was Relentless": England All-rounder Chris Jordan Reveals He Faced Racist Abuse After T20 World Cup Loss
"Don't Need To Say What India Means To Us": Mohammed Shami Opens Up On Being Targetted By Trolls After India's Defeat To Pakistan In 2021 T20 World Cup
"Hardest Pills I've Had To Swallow": Jofra Archer On Missing T20 World Cup And The Ashes

Advertisement

Advertisement

ICC Rankings
Test Ranking
ODI Ranking
T20 Ranking
Team
Batting
Bowling
All Rounder
Rank
 
Team
 
Rating
1 
 
Australia
 124
2 
 
India
 111
3 
 
South Africa
 105
4 
 
England
 103
5 
 
New Zealand
 100
View Team Rankings
Last updated on 03 November 2024

Advertisement

Advertisement

Trending Links
Paralympics 2024
Jay Shah
Virat Kohli
Paralympics Medal Tally
India's Schedule Paralympics 2024
Rohit Sharma
Follow us on:
CRICKET
Live Scores
Series
Fixtures
Results
News
Photos
Videos
Features
Teams
Players
Venues
ICC Ranking
FOOTBALL
ISL 2022-23
EPL 2022-23
News
Features
Photos
Fixtures
Results
Videos
Teams
Players
Matchcentre
MORE SPORTS
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Badminton
Golf
Nba
Kabaddi
Shooting
Swimming
Table Tennis
Advertise
About Us
Feedback
Disclaimer
Investor
Complaint Redressal
Careers
Contact Us
This website follows the DNPA Code of Ethics © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2025. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.ndtv.com/icc-t20-world-cup-2021/england-vs-bangladesh-live-score-over-super-12-match-20-t20-1-5-updates-2589643 
 ----- 
