Saturday, December 28, 2024
Contact
Search
HOME
NEWS
YOUNG PROFESSIONALS
LOCAL POLITICS
UP'S MOVIE SCHEDULE
CARTOON
CLASSIFIED ADS
ADS
ABOUT
LIST NEWS:
[BY SCOPE]
[BY ISLANDS]
                              Got TIPS or BREAKING NEWS? Please call 1-284-442-8000 direct/can also WhatsApp same number or Email ALL news to:newsvino@outlook.com;                               ads call 1-284-440-6666
You are here: Virgin Islands News Online » News » VI edged by Cayman Islands in CONCACAF Nations League
VI edged by Cayman Islands in CONCACAF Nations League
September 6th, 2024 | Tags: VI Football Nations League CONCACAF Cayman Islands defeat
Email this Article
The Cayman Islands went ahead in the 84th minute following an intercepted pass in midfield which was swept into the VI penalty area and then fired home by Elijah Seymour for what turned out to be the only goal of the game and the 1000th goal scored in the CONCACAF Nations League. Photo: YouTube
The Virgin Islands (VI) suffered a narrow 1-0 defeat to the Cayman Islands as the fourth edition of the CONCACAF Nations League got underway at the Truman Boden Sports Complex on Wednesday, September 4, 2024. Photo: BVIFA
GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands- The Virgin Islands (VI) suffered a narrow 1-0 defeat to the Cayman Islands as the fourth edition of the CONCACAF Nations League got underway at the Truman Boden Sports Complex on Wednesday, September 4, 2024.

The VI, playing its first match since reaching the second round of the Concacaf qualifiers for the FIFA World Cup 2026, found the hosts a good match up, especially in front of their home crowd, but were able to more than match their opponents in a cat and mouse first half.

Frankie Beckles made a great save from Jacobbi Tugman in the 21st minute and then had Captain Troy Ceasar to thank for sparing his blushes following a mistake which was hit goalward by Alexander Clarke-Ramírezuntil Ceasar’s last ditch clearance saved a certain goal.

There were threats to the Cayman goal, but all were thwarted by a well-organised defense.

1000th goal of Nations League

As the second half came with the score still deadlocked at 0-0, the VI were looking very dangerous on quick transition.

Both teams made changes to rest tired legs in baking hot and humid conditions, but it was the home team that went ahead in the 84th minute following an intercepted pass in midfield which was swept into the VI penalty area and then fired home by Elijah Seymour for what turned out to be the only goal of the game and the 1000th goal scored in the CONCACAF Nations League.

Lack of fitness affected VI- Coach Kiwomya

According to Coach Christopher M. Kiwomya, “The teams were similar, but lack of fitness from the boys showed during the game and that proved a big difference, which was partly down to a shortened preparation time."

Despite the game coming in off season and following tough games in World Cup Qualifying, Kiwomya has high expectations and wants to instil the same in the players.

“We have a come along way, but also have a long way to go and have done really well in some big games against opponents that traditionally have been far better than us. It wasn’t a great game and definitely one we could have won, but having reached so deep towards the end of the match we should have been able to shut up shop and get back on the bus with a point. Now we have to take on St Kitts / Nevis which could prove an even bigger battle. We will train, get some renewed belief and play with pride and passion.”

Other results

In other results and in League C, Group B, Anguilla also made history with its first ever victory in the Concacaf Nations League with a 2-0  victory against Turks and Caicos Islands, whilst in League C Group A , the lone draw of the day came between the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Bahamas as the former rallied from 3-1 down to level the game at 3-3 and share the points.

The VI squad includes Frankie Beckles, Troy Ceasar (captain), Miquel Marshall, T’Sharne Gallimore, Luka E, Chalwell, Tyler Forbes, William Green, Tyler Scarff, Juston Smith, Jaden Abrams, Christian Javier, T’Khoy Morton, Alejandro Santos, Azarni Callwood, Denvin Jones, Ikyjah Williams, Jadon Abrams, Jaadon Quashie, Joel Mars, and Mekhi Waters.

The Head Coach is Christopher M. Kiwomya, Clyde Jones, Assistant coach, Lenon Audain, Manager and Levi James, Physio.

Next up for the BVI is a game against St Kitts and Nevis on Tuesday, September 10, also to be played at the Truman Boden Sports Complex in the Cayman Islands. Kick Off is at 4.30pm (VI time).

4 Responses to “VI edged by Cayman Islands in CONCACAF Nations League”
BOTTOM LINE (06/09/2024, 09:43) Like (1) Dislike (0)
Reply
DEM TEEF V
i from here (06/09/2024, 19:01) Like (0) Dislike (0)
Reply
Any locals in that team?
b**** hodge (08/09/2024, 10:47) Like (0) Dislike (0)
Reply

grow up

From here also (12/09/2024, 09:17) Like (0) Dislike (0)
Reply
@I from here the whole team is consist of local players



Create a comment
Nickname: 
You comment:

Submit comment
Disclaimer: Virgin Islands News Online (VINO) welcomes your thoughts, feedback, views, bloggs and opinions. However, by posting a blogg you are agreeing to post comments or bloggs that are relevant to the topic, and that are not defamatory, liable, obscene, racist, abusive, sexist, anti-Semitic, threatening, hateful or an invasion of privacy. Violators may be excluded permanently from making contributions. Please view our declaimer above this article. We thank you in advance for complying with VINO's policy.
Follow Us On
  
Disclaimer: All comments posted on Virgin Islands News Online (VINO) are the sole views and opinions of the commentators and or bloggers and do not in anyway represent the views and opinions of the Board of Directors, Management and Staff of Virgin Islands News Online and its parent company.
Home | News | Events | Cruise Ship Schedule | Classified Ads
© 2012 Advance Marketing & Professional Services
Designed & developed by Back2Flash.com

This online news site is the sole property of and is operated by Advance Marketing and Professional Services dba Virgin Islands News Online (VINO) in the Virgin Islands. The content, which includes all articles, photographs, advertisements, bloggs and graphic images, are copyrighted by Virgin Islands News Online and/or the original copyright holder.

It is therefore illegal to use, reproduce, rewrite, amend or plagiarise any items found on this online news site without the expressed permission of the Board of Directors or Management of VINO. Failure to comply could lead to legal actions.

© 2012 / All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.virginislandsnewsonline.com/en/news/vi-edged-by-cayman-islands-in-concacaf-nations-league 
 ----- 
