Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
MLB
Pete Alonso, Luisangel Acuna propel Mets to win, increase lead over Braves for final wild-card spot
By Dan Martin
Published Sep. 17, 2024, 10:28 p.m. ET
107

The Mets were without Francisco Lindor once again Tuesday night and once again, they managed to beat the Nationals to inch closer to a playoff berth.

An offense that has been missing its leadoff hitter looked just fine, as they used a four-run third inning to take control of a 10-1 win at Citi Field.

Pete Alonso led the way with a three-run homer and five RBIs and Lindor’s replacement, Luisangel Acuna, delivered his first MLB homer and had three hits.

5
Luisangel Acuña is greeted by Starling Marte after he scored on his first major league home run in the Mets’ 10-1 win over the Nationals on Sept. 17, 2024.
Corey Sipkin for the NY POST

They also got another assist from the Reds, who came back to beat the Braves to help put the Mets two games ahead in the race for the final NL wild card.

When the score popped up on the scoreboard, the Citi Field crowd had a noticeable reaction.

“I didn’t know what it was,” Alonso said. “I thought it was someone just getting rowdy or chugging beers. We definitely found out.”

The Mets — who got more help when the Diamondbacks lost again to the Rockies, leaving the Mets and Arizona in a tie for the second wild-card spot, with the Mets holding the tie-breaker — will go for a sweep of Washington on Wednesday in Queens before the path to the postseason gets more difficult once again, with the Phillies coming to town on Thursday for a four-game set with 11 games left in the regular season.

“We control our own destiny,” Alonso said. “That’s what we want to do: win as many ball games as we can.”

And it wasn’t just Alonso and the offense that led the way Tuesday, as Tylor Megill delivered his second straight superb outing.

5
Pete Alonso and his teammates take part in their “OMG” celebration in the dugout after Alonso’s three-run homer in the sixth inning of the Mets’ blowout victory.
Corey Sipkin for the New York Post
5

The right-hander allowed just an unearned run in six innings of work.

The lineup, which had scored just three runs in the previous two games, came alive in the third against lefty Mitchell Parker.

Coming off one of his best starts of the season in Toronto, Megill delivered again.

He pitched around a two-out double by Dylan Crews in the second, whiffing Joey Gallo to end the inning.

5
Francisco Alvarez belts a solo homer in the Mets’ blowout victory.
Corey Sipkin for New York Post

Megill walked Jacob Young to open the second. CJ Abrams followed with a grounder to third and Mark Vientos tried to force Young at second, but Acuna missed the ball and it got away, putting runners on the corners with no one out.

James Wood drove in the first run of the game — unearned — with a groundout and Megill walked Juan Yepez and then threw a wild pitch.

But with runners on second and third, Megill rebounded to fan Luis Garcia Jr. to keep it to one run.

Harrison Bader led off the bottom of the inning with a four-pitch walk and Acuna atoned for his miscue at short with a double to left-center.

5
Tylor Megill held the Nationals to one run over six innings to pick up his fourth win of the season in the Mets’ blowout win.
Corey Sipkin for New York Post

The 109-mph rocket scored Bader from first to tie the game.

Later in the inning, Alonso followed with a flare down the right field line that stayed just fair for a two-run single to give the Mets a 3-1 lead.

A Mark Vientos sacrifice fly made it 4-1.

Francisco Alvarez belted a home run of the season to lead off the bottom of the fourth.

It was just the catcher’s ninth of the season, but third homer in his last five starts.

The Mets tacked on another run in the fifth, as Tyrone Taylor knocked in Alonso with a one-out double after Alonso opened the inning with a two-bagger.

Alonso and the Mets iced it in the sixth with the first baseman’s 33rd home run of the year, a three-run shot.

“I think all of us have risen to the occasion,” Alonso said of the team’s recent play, especially in the wake of Lindor’s injury. “Not a lot of people would have seen us in this position four or five months ago. A lot of people didn’t.”

107

What do you think? Post a comment.

But now it’s a playoff atmosphere in Queens, with the Mets rolling and the postseason in sight.

“We’ve got to take care of business,” Carlos Mendoza said. “We can’t worry about what’s going on outside this building. We have to continue to play well. If we do that, we’ll get where we want to get.”

FILED UNDER NEW YORK METS  PETE ALONSO  TYLOR MEGILL  WASHINGTON NATIONALS  9/17/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Trump's Connection To His Would-Be Assassin's Family Is Revealed
NYPost.com
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
It's Clear Why This Nickelodeon Child Star Basically Disappeared
NickiSwift.com
Inside The Rumors Behind Guilfoyle & Don Jr.'s Split
TheList.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
These Iconic Stars Have Been Open About Their Sex Addiction
Women.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-Out
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/17/sports/pete-alonso-luisangel-acuna-propel-mets-past-nationals/ 
 ----- 
