Skip to content
Subscribe Now
37°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Mets walk-off Nats in 10 on Marte’s single
New York Mets’ Starling Marte gestures as he runs to first base after hitting an RBI single during the 10th inning of a baseball game against the Washington Nationals, Monday, Sept. 16, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
By JERRY BEACH | | The Associated Press
PUBLISHED: September 17, 2024 at 7:47 AM EDT

NEW YORK — Starling Marte lined a game-ending single in the 10th inning that lifted the New York Mets to a critical 2-1 win over the Washington Nationals on Monday night.

New York moved a game ahead of rival Atlanta for the final National League wild card when the Braves were blown out 9-0 at home by the Los Angeles Dodgers.

“Cool,” pitcher Sean Manaea said with a grin. “Let’s keep it going.”

Playing again without Francisco Lindor, who will be sidelined for a few more days due to a sore back, the Mets got just two runners beyond first base in the first seven innings. But then Jose Iglesias, replacing Lindor at shortstop and atop the lineup, hit an RBI infield single off the glove of reliever Derek Law with two outs in the eighth.

Tyrone Taylor, who doubled leading off, scored from third as Iglesias improved to 11 for 23 (.478) with two outs and runners in scoring position this season. He has a 10-game hitting streak and is batting .323 in 73 games overall after not playing in the majors last season.

“I think we’ve got something good going,” Iglesias said. “Just glad to be part of it.”

In the 10th, automatic runner Harrison Bader advanced from second base to third on a flyout to deep right field by Francisco Alvarez. Marte ripped a one-out single off Jacob Barnes (8-3) down the line in left field, where James Wood barely budged as Bader trotted home.

Marte, who sat out Sunday’s game in Philadelphia after being hit in the left forearm by a pitch, has been a semi-regular player after missing nearly two months with a bone bruise on his right knee. He spiked his helmet as he rounded first base before being swarmed by a group of teammates led by Jesse Winker, who tore off Marte’s uniform as he was being doused with water.

“This is a guy that’s been a pretty good player in this league for a long time, and when he’s healthy, when he’s feeling good, he’s dangerous,” Mets manager Carlos Mendoza said. “A lot of guys will continue to step up and today it was Marte.”

It was the 11th walk-off victory for the Mets this year, tied for most in the majors. New York (82-68) also clinched a winning season on Marte’s 11th career game-ending RBI, his first this season.

“For the players to be able to go out there and chase me with water and ice and throw it on top of me, that’s all that matters,” Marte said through a translator.

Washington (68-82) was assured its fifth straight losing season since winning the 2019 World Series.

Reed Garrett (8-5) worked a hitless 10th, when automatic runner José Tena was stranded at third after a sacrifice bunt. The Nationals were hitless in their final eight plate appearances with a runner on.

Manaea allowed one run and four hits over seven innings. The left-hander has lasted at least 6 2/3 innings in seven consecutive outings.

Jake Irvin gave up one run and four hits in 7 1/3 innings for the Nationals.

“You know this team is known to put some runs up on the board,” Washington manager Dave Martinez said. “They didn’t today thanks to Jake and our pitching, It all came down to a couple of key at-bats. We couldn’t get the job done.”

REMEMBERING ED

The Mets aired a video tribute and held a moment of silence before the game in honor of Ed Kranepool, who died last week at 79. His grandson, Ethan, threw out a ceremonial first pitch to Kranepool’s son, Keith.

Ed Kranepool, a New York City native, debuted with the Mets at age 17 in 1962 and played his entire career with the team. He holds the franchise record for games played (1,853) and ranks in the top five in hits, doubles and RBIs.

“He really loved everything and anything he could do to contribute to the organization,” Keith Kranepool said.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Nationals: SS CJ Abrams (left shoulder) missed his fourth straight game but took batting practice and could be nearing a return.

Mets: Lindor (back) hopes to miss only a few more days after an MRI revealed no structural damage. Lindor played in the Mets’ first 147 games before sitting out Saturday and exiting Sunday’s game after one inning. … Marte (left forearm) entered in the eighth, when he grounded out as a pinch hitter with Taylor on third.

UP NEXT

The three-game series continues Tuesday night, when Mets RHP Tylor Megill (3-5, 4.48 ERA) is scheduled to face LHP Mitchell Parker (7-9, 4.24).

Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Forget Metformin, Here's One Simple Method to "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Iowa Seniors Are Getting Thousands Back in Savings on Their Home Insurance
Smart Lifestyle Trends
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Always Place a Ziplock Bag on Your Car Mirror When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Remodeling Star: Cheapest Way to Get a Walk in Shower in Your Area
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
The Bra Designed by The 70-year-old Grandma Are Taking Council Bluffs by Storm!
Libiyi
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy is Sweeping Iowa
Rechol
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Sneaky Way Iowa Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Scientists: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Your Car Insurance Too Expensive? Do This!
Policy Wagon
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Put an Ice Cube in Your Burgers and Watch What Happens!
Health Review
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Secret That Changes The Narrative!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Council Bluffs Are Being Sold Almost for Nothin
Storage Units
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Health News | Joint Pain
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Nancy Mckeon Steps out With Her New Partner and Fans Are Stunned
rankupwards
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Ewing girls basketball’s new cast of characters surge past Allentown
Ewing girls basketball’s new cast of characters surge past Allentown
Guest Oped: Medina Health Center – A New Chapter of Care and Community in Trenton
Guest Oped: Medina Health Center – A New Chapter of Care and Community in Trenton
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN MLB
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
Rudy at the Bat: Giuliani fights to save his Yankees World Series rings from $148 million verdict
2024
September
17
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/09/17/mets-walk-off-nats-in-10-on-martes-single/ 
 ----- 
