Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Estes, A's proud to represent Oakland to the end
Share
Estes, A's proud to represent Oakland to the end
September 29th, 2024

Martín Gallegos

@MartinJGallegos
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

SEATTLE -- The A’s may have already played their final game at the Coliseum, but there is still a sense of pride inside that clubhouse in representing Oakland until the very end of the season.

Following what was his final home start last week against the Yankees, Joey Estes expressed his love and appreciation for Oakland and its fans, who showed up to support him every time he took the mound.

As the A’s took the field at T-Mobile Park in Seattle for the final night game of the Oakland era on Saturday, a storied 57-year chapter of baseball that began in 1968, it was fitting that Estes -- who dons No. 68 -- toed the rubber wearing the road gray uniform with “Oakland” displayed across his chest one last time in the penultimate game of the regular season, a 7-6 loss to the Mariners in 10 innings.

"It’s everything just to be able to wear it across my chest and wear it proudly,” Estes said. “Even though [Thursday] was the last game in Oakland, they still came out here all the way to Seattle to still come and support. That just shows the true heart that this fan base has."

A smattering of A’s fans was present throughout the stadium, some showing up early and lining up just behind the visiting dugout to take in the club’s batting practice and cheer on the green and gold, many of whom Estes has befriended since his arrival to the Majors last season.

"I’ve met so many fans that I consider family now,” Estes said. “Getting to know every single one of them, it’s just a good feeling to be a part of this. It’s not just a fan base, it’s a family. They really make you feel like that. I'll appreciate Oakland forever and I’ll continue to talk about Oakland."

Joey Estes and his teammates salute Oakland A's fans at the Coliseum on Sept. 26, 2024 (Photo: Kavin Mistry)
Related
Rooker's extension the result of determination during 'whirlwind' journey

40 minutes ago

Forst excited to see the Sutter Health Park plans taking shape

January 8th, 2025

A's, Rooker finalize 5-year extension

January 9th, 2025

After nostalgia-filled day, A's hope to end time in Oakland strong

September 23rd, 2024

'Really proud of him today': Estes' emotional return sparks A's win

August 26th, 2024

Estes frustrated by one pitch in otherwise commanding outing

August 21st, 2024

'Will stick with me forever': After 57 years, A's say farewell with heartfelt win

Estes took a no-decision after allowing three runs on five hits and two walks with two strikeouts across five innings. In his first full season as a big leaguer, the 22-year-old rookie right-hander finished with a 5.01 ERA in 25 games (24 starts). His 127 2/3 innings pitched rank fifth most among American League rookies.

"When I talked to him after that last inning, he said ‘I’m going to do better,’” manager Mark Kotsay said. “I said, ‘Hey look, this is your first full season here getting your feet on the ground and there’s a lot we can learn from. You’ve given me your best every time you take the mound. You’re a competitor.’ There’s a will there to improve. I know he’s going to spend the offseason focused on that, and we’re going to support that and be prepared for him to come into Spring Training and take another step forward."

Estes demonstrated plenty of flashes of why the A’s were so high on him as a top prospect. He demonstrated super command throughout the year by issuing no more than two walks in 24 of his 25 appearances, even tossing a “Maddux” in his shutout of the Angels on July 3 at the Coliseum.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

"I’m proud of myself for getting through all the ups and downs of being a Major League Baseball player,” Estes said. “I’m happy with where I’ve gotten, and I still have a lot of work to do. It makes me excited for next year just knowing that I still have a lot to prove."

The A’s drummed up some classic Oakland late-inning magic with a ninth-inning rally capped by a two-out, go-ahead three-run home run by Shea Langeliers -- his 29th of the year -- only to be foiled by a rare blown save by All-Star closer Mason Miller, who surrendered a game-tying homer to Luke Raley in the bottom of the ninth.

The A’s will have a lot to play for in Sunday’s series finale. In addition to it being their final time wearing the “Oakland” jerseys, finishing with round numbers is a theme. They would like to close out with their 70th win of the year, while Langeliers and Brent Rooker are both on the verge of personal milestones.

"We’ve continued to represent Oakland,” said Rooker, who sits at 39 homers after crushing a two-run blast in the fifth. “We’re going to continue to do our best to make that fan base proud and represent them in a way that they deserve.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Athletics
Joey Estes

Martín Gallegos covers the A's for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 9th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/joey-estes-reflects-on-2024-season-oakland-athletics-fans 
 ----- 
