Skip to content
Subscribe Now
62°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS “Extreme fire behavior” expected in Los Angeles as fires rage
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICSNews
Fans left picking up the pieces at Athletics’ penultimate game
The A’s are set to move from Oakland to Sacramento, then to Las Vegas
Mike Marler (right) also known as “Road Trip Mike,” traveled to Seattle for the Athletics’ finale series as an Oakland franchise. Before their penultimate game on Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, he committed to being a lifetime fan, saying, “Wherever they play, I’ll be there. (Shane Lantz, Correspondent)
By SHANE LANTZ
PUBLISHED: September 28, 2024 at 6:40 PM PST

SEATTLE — For Oakland A’s fans, the trek to Seattle this weekend was all about having a chance to say goodbye.

Some are bidding farewell to the team for good, with too many broken promises and hurt feelings to be able to continue their support of a team that is uprooting from the city it has called home for 57 years.

Others will continue to fly the green and gold no matter where the team plays. Still more are undecided on what they will do once next season arrives and the A’s are playing their games in West Sacramento.

Randy Garchar, 41, made the trip to Seattle from his home in Alameda, and said he has been a fan of the A’s since attending his first baseball game at six months old. Though he has loved the team nearly his entire life, Garchar felt “numb” after attending their final game at the Oakland Coliseum on Thursday.

“It was weird for me,” Garchar said. “A lot of people cried. I didn’t shed no tears, because I just, I don’t know what next year is going to have for me. I don’t know if I’m going to want to go to Sacramento or go to the Giants game or come up here… I don’t know.”

For other fans, the A’s series finale against the Mariners on Sunday will be the end of the line. Season ticket holder Ashley Mann is originally from Federal Way, Washington, but moved to the Bay Area as a child, and has been an A’s fan since 2016.

Mann has supported both the A’s and Mariners thanks to her roots in both cities, but says she won’t be following the A’s anymore. She goes to Stockton Ports games and loves to keep tabs on minor league players on their journey to MLB, but won’t be following the team to Sacramento next season, or to Vegas in 2028.

“If you want to go up there and go to games, that’s fine,” Mann said. “If you never want to watch another game, I totally understand. For me personally, I think this is the end of my A’s fandom. It took me so long for me to even call myself a fan, and so it’s just it’s getting ripped away from me, and it hurts a lot.”

Matt Addie was born in Santa Clara and grew up in the Bay Area before moving to Seattle in 2006, and was at T-Mobile Park on Friday wearing a green “SELL” t-shirt and A’s hat. He went through the “breakup” phase with the team at the start of the season and kept his distance, but knew that he wouldn’t be able to forgive himself if he didn’t take his last chance to see the Oakland squad in person.

Addie moved to Seattle shortly before the city lost the SuperSonics franchise to Oklahoma City, and he sees plenty of parallels between Seattle losing its NBA team and Oakland’s current heartbreak.

To him, the Sonics’ departure didn’t feel possible until it actually happened. Now that feeling of loss is hitting him on a much more personal level, and he has received plenty of sympathy from his Seattle friends who remember how it feels to have a team taken away.

“You might check in on somebody or whatever, but I don’t know, it feels weird,” Addie said. “Everybody asked me, ’Are you going to be a Giants fan?’ Or, ‘You live in Seattle, are you going to be a Mariners fan?’ And none of it feels quite right. So I don’t know what I’m going to do. I don’t plan on following them, though. I wish I could, but it just doesn’t feel good. It doesn’t feel right.”

Oakland Coliseum fixtures Will MacNeil, known as “Right Field Will,” and Mike Marler, AKA “Road Trip Mike” both made the trip to Seattle to see the squad’s final three games wearing “Oakland” jerseys.

RELATED ARTICLES
Athletics agree to $60 million, 5-year contract with slugger Brent Rooker, per source
Timeline: The biggest Bay Area sports stories of 2024
Bay Area sports rewind: Recounting the wild ride that was 2024
Rickey Henderson’s daughter addresses reports of false funeral service
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland

MacNeil described A’s owner John Fisher’s decision to move the team as “devastating.”

“We really don’t deserve it,” MacNeil said. “It’s unfortunate that a billionaire is ruining something that’s been so great for so long in the town, in Oakland.”

Ultimately though, MacNeil plans to continue cheering for the A’s far into the future, though he pledges that he will never attend a game in Las Vegas outside of the All-Star Game, and will go to games in Sacramento only if he receives free tickets.

“It’s going to be a lot more road trips and a lot more watching on TV, which really hurts, because I love this young team,” MacNeil said. “Zack Gelof and Lawrence Butler are phenomenal talents, and they deserve to have the best fans in baseball watching them. I don’t see that being in Sacramento or Las Vegas. It should be Oakland.”

Marler admits to crying at the team’s last home game on Thursday, mourning for the end of the place he has called home for the past 50 plus summers. On Friday, Marler sat behind the T-Mobile Park third base dugout alongside friend Jack Lima, cheering on the A’s as they began their three-game weekend series against the Mariners with a 2-0 loss.

He’s attended A’s games at the Coliseum since 1972, and while he is unhappy with the city of Oakland and Fisher’s actions, Marler is adamant that he will continue to be a presence behind the dugout. He has attended every A’s road game this season, and while it might get logistically tough to attend that many next year, he isn’t about to let the relocation stop him from supporting the squad that has brought him so much joy over the past five decades.

“Until the day I kick over, I’m going to be an A’s fan,” Marler said. “It’s that simple. Wherever they play, I’ll be there.”

Around the Web
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Dangerous Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia - Take a Peek Now!
Tardive | Search Ads
Who is Overcharging You for Nevada Car Insurance? (Check Zip Code)
OTTO Quotes
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
What Happens if You Put Ice Cubes on Your Food
Health Review
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
In Nevada The Whole Courtroom Turns Pale When The Girl Says This
lawyersblvd
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
Moerie
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
If Your Dog Follows You, Here's What It Means
articlestone
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
How To: Restore Perfect Vision Naturally (At Home)
WellnessGaze Vision
Dentists Shocked: Basic Vitamin Stops Teeth Falling out & Rebuild Gums
WellnessGaze Dental
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Myelodisplactic
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Nerve Pain May Become a Thing of The Past for People With Neuropathy
WellnessGaze Neuro
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Breakfast: 15 Foods You Should Never Eat in the Morning
Health Natural
Heart Surgeon: Anyone Over 45 Should Do This Daily
WellnessGaze Heart
Recover Your Joints: Try This Trick Before Bed (Eliminate Joint Pain)
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
10 Foods You Cannot Eat When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
The Fungus Will Disappear in 3 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Xitox
Knee Pain After the Age of 50? Do This 2 Times a Day (Watch)
Healthier Living Tips
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
If You Have Vertigo Dizziness, Watch This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Park Ranger Evacuates the Nevada Forest When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
First Signs of Crohn's Disease That Many Females Tend to Ignore!
Crohn's Disease Treatment
If You Have Scalp Psoriasis: Do This Immediately (Take a Look!)
Scalp Psoriasis Treatment
Hidden Cause of Tinnitus Discovered (Nothing to Do With Your Ears or Hearing)
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Surprising Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Shocked!
Immunotherapy Treatment
High Blood Sugar: Do This at Home Today
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Gas, Bloating & Constipation? Top US Gut Doctor Begs: Do This Once Daily
WellnessGaze News
Three Banks Introduce 12 Per Cent Interest Rates on Savings Accounts
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Air Conditioners Without Outdoor Unit 2024 (see Price List)
Air Condition I Search Ads
Early Signals of AML Leukemia You Should Definitely Know About (Take a Look)
Leukemia Treatment
Do You Know What Squamous Cell Carcinoma Is? Take a Look
Squamous Cell Carcinoma
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Don't Eat These 10 Dinner Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
In historic deal, Point Reyes ranchers, National Park Service and environmentalists reach agreement on disputed land
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
Ben Affleck finds home survived Palisades fire while Billy Crystal and John Goodman mourn their losses
Map: Eaton Fire evacuation near Pasadena
“Extreme fire behavior” expected in Los Angeles as fires rage
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
Will smoke from the Los Angeles fires head to the Bay Area?
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
Kurtenbach: The Warriors are at rock bottom and inaction is no longer defensible
What the Los Angeles fires might mean for the Bay Area home insurance market
‘Like you’re on a different planet:’ Malibu left decimated by Palisades fire
Los Angeles wildfire map: Palisades, Eaton and other evacuations

TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
Oakland A’s teammates, sports luminaries mourn Rickey Henderson
From the archives: How Oakland A’s legend Rickey Henderson was molded by ‘Billy Ball’
2024
September
28
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

﻿SAVE NOW
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2024/09/28/fans-left-picking-up-the-pieces-at-athletics-penultimate-game/ 
 ----- 
