Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'True pro' Turner vows to play in '25, interested in Seattle return
Share
'True pro' Turner vows to play in '25, interested in Seattle return
Veteran comes off the bench, keys Mariners' walk-off win over Oakland
September 29th, 2024

Daniel Kramer

@DKramer_
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

SEATTLE -- Shortly after he chopped a game-winning fielder’s choice with the bases loaded that lifted the Mariners to a 7-6 walk-off win over the A's on Saturday night at T-Mobile Park, Justin Turner -- who turns 40 in November -- said that he “100 percent” intends to play again in 2025.

"I still feel good, still feel like I have a lot to contribute,” Turner said. “And I absolutely love spending time around these guys and the conversations and questions and helping guys try to figure things out."

He also made it clear that returning to the Mariners -- whom he joined at the Trade Deadline -- would be one of his top choices among among interested suitors, as Turner will become a free agent at season’s end.

"I've talked to a lot of guys, and I've enjoyed my time here -- I would love to be back and be a Mariner,” Turner said. “And I guess when that time comes, we'll see what happens. ... This is a fantastic clubhouse. And like I said, it's a core group of guys that is going to be together for some time, and I think they have a chance to do some special things.”

Turner is already MLB’s oldest position player who’s been on an active roster all season, but his production has remained steady. He’s hit .261 with five homers, six doubles, 22 RBIs, 20 walks and 34 strikeouts in 187 plate appearances, good for a .753 OPS that ranks fourth best on the team. And he’s obviously been a huge boon of veteran experience within one of the sport’s younger clubhouses.

Related
Do these 11 'old guy' FAs have something left in the tank?

December 17th, 2024

These 15 hitters are thankful for the luckiest hits of '24

November 28th, 2024

Turner talks? 'Pen status? What stood out for Seattle at GM Meetings

November 12th, 2024

Mariners reach agreements with all arb-eligible players, including Raleigh & Kirby

January 9th, 2025

Mariners add another relief arm, claim Jay off waivers

January 9th, 2025

Seattle claims RHP Danner off waivers to pad 'pen depth

January 8th, 2025

"Not even just his coaching, I mean, the guy's just one of the better hitters on our team,” said Cal Raleigh, who crushed his 33rd homer earlier on Saturday. “I kind of joke about it, just because he is an older guy, but he's also producing at a high level and coming up with huge hits."

Before Turner’s arrival via the Deadline deal with Toronto, the Mariners had mostly lacked a productive position-player veteran presence, which players like Raleigh have pointed to the extreme value of. Luke Raley, who also homered on Saturday, against a 99.7 mph fastball from All-Star reliever Mason Miller, echoed that sentiment.

"I truly believe if JT was here for the full season, we would be in the playoffs,” Raley said. “I think that's how important he is. And how much he's worked with people's mindsets more than anything. He's just a true pro. He's the guy that you want in your clubhouse, and he is a true leader.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Jerry Dipoto, in a wide-ranging and impromptu media session on Saturday, outlined that acquiring a veteran position player would be a priority this offseason, too.

"I've really appreciated getting to see what the real veteran leadership does for this team,” the Mariners’ president of baseball operations said, “and we've seen it now on two occasions [Carlos Santana in 2022], and it's been really pronounced in how much it's helped our players.”

Turner is earning $19.7 million this year -- $13 million via a one-year contract he signed with the Blue Jays and a $6.7 million buyout from his previous contract with the Red Sox.

He’ll clearly have a market this winter, and now it’s official that he intends to explore it.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Justin Turner
Seattle Mariners

Daniel Kramer covers the Mariners for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 9th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/justin-turner-intends-to-continue-playing-in-2025 
 ----- 
