MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
De'Aaron Fox scores 24 points, surpasses 10,000 for career as Kings beat Trail Blazers 111-98
Updated Oct. 29, 2024 12:46 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — De’Aaron Fox scored 24 points and surpassed 10,000 for his career, DeMar DeRozan added 23 points and the Sacramento Kings beat the Portland Trail Blazers 111-98 on Monday night for their first win of the season.

Fox became the fifth player in franchise history to reach the 10,000 mark when he made a 3-pointer in the third quarter. The Kings never trailed, expanding a 60-58 lead midway through the third quarter to 26 points in the fourth.

DeAndre Ayton had 20 points and 11 rebounds for the Blazers, joining Bill Walton as the only players in franchise history to start a season with four straight double-doubles.

DeRozan had 19 points at the half, making 9 of 10 three throws and hitting a contested jumper at the buzzer to give the Kings a 51-43 lead.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Sacramento made 23 of its 25 free throw attempts.

Domantas Sabonis had 16 points and 13 rebounds for the Kings, and Kevin Huerter added 18 points.

Takeaways

Trail Blazers: The Blazers had shot 39% from 3-point range over their last two games, and coach Chauncey Billups praised his team before the game for creating good drive-and-kick looks. But Portland, the league’s worst 3-point shooting team last season, was just 4 of 22 from deep on Monday.

Kings: The Kings lost their first two games by a combined six points.

Travel Oregon This Winter
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert...
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You In 2025
Enter your ZIP code on this website and share a couple of details about the current state of your roof.
HomeBuddy|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Key moment

After a sluggish first half, the Kings closed the third quarter on a 29-13 run to take an 18-point lead into the fourth. Malik Monk and Sabonis combined for a 9-0 spurt during that stretch.

Key stat

The Kings held the Blazers without a fast-break point until late in the fourth quarter.

Up next

Trail Blazers: At the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday.

Kings: At Utah on Tuesday to begin a four-game trip.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
Best landing spots for Phoenix Suns star Bradley Beal
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Sacramento Kings
National Basketball Association
Domantas Sabonis
Deandre Ayton
DeMar DeRozan
De'Aaron Fox
Sacramento Kings
Portland Trail Blazers
NBA - Portland Trail Blazers vs. Sacramento Kings - 10/29/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/deaaron-fox-scores-24-points-surpasses-10000-for-career-as-kings-beat-trail-blazers-11198 
 ----- 
