CLOSE
Login | Register
ARTICLES | GAME RECAP
Kings 111, Trail Blazers 98: It’s Finally Beam Season
The Kings picked up their first win of the season in convincing fashion as they took care of business against a scrappy Portland Trail Blazers squad.
By Akis Yerocostas | 26 Comments | Oct 28, 2024

Oct 28, 2024; Sacramento, California, USA; Sacramento Kings forward DeMar DeRozan (10) lights the beam in celebration of their victory over the Portland Trail Blazers after the game at Golden 1 Center. Mandatory Credit: Sergio Estrada-Imagn Images

Now that’s more like it.

The Kings finally got into the win column for the 2024-25 season, beating the visiting Portland Trail Blazers 111 to 98.  De’Aaron Fox led all scorers with 24 points, while DeMar DeRozan chipped in 23 and Domantas Sabonis had a patented 16 points, 13 rebound and 7 assist game.

This was a rough game to watch aesthetically, particularly in the first half when neither team was really in a rhythm and both teams spent what felt like an eternity at the line.  The Kings and Blazers combined for 34 free throw attempts in the first half alone, with 29 fouls being committed.  The Kings shot just 38.5% from the field in that first half and Portland was even worse at 15 of 42.  The slow pace and inept shooting from both teams kept it a close game for much of the first half, but the Kings managed to build a little separation towards the end of the quarter, with DeRozan hitting a nice midrange jumper at the buzzer after creating some separation to give the Kings an eight point lead heading into the break.

The third quarter started a bit sloppy, with the Blazers cutting it all the way to two points with 7:26 left on a Jerami Grant three pointer.  De’Aaron Fox responded with a quick three of his own, and that set off Sacramento’s best run of the game as they would go on a 12-0 run to open up a 14 point lead.  After Portland cut the lead back to single digits with 2:23 to play on a Scoot Henderson layup, the Kings went on another mini-run, making three straight triples to extend the lead to 19.  By the end of the quarter, the Kings had managed to build an 18 point lead.

Sacramento managed to get the lead up to as much as 26 with 9 minutes to go in the game after Trey Lyles hit a three, his first and only bucket of the game.  The Kings should have been able to coast from there and take it easy, but of course the Kings never make anything easy.  Portland was determined to fight on, and some full court pressure as well as a zone defense threw the Kings off for a while and they went ice cold. Meanwhile the Blazers attacked on the other end.  Over the next 4 minutes, the Blazers would score 13 unanswered points before the Kings finally managed to break the 100 point mark on a nice driving layup by De’Aaron Fox.  A few plays later, DeMar DeRozan essentially iced the game with a midrange turnaround that put the Kings up by 17.

It wasn’t a perfect game by the Kings by any means, but it was exactly what the doctor ordered after two frustrating losses to start the season that both easily felt like they could have been wins.  Mike Brown’s rotation, which was under much scrutiny after the first two games, especially after Keon Ellis didn’t get a single minute against the Lakers, was much more reasonable tonight, and no Kings player played more than 35 minutes.  After a slow shooting start to the game, the Kings finished the game shooting 45.7% from the field and 40% from three.  They also hit 23 of their 25 free throws.  DeRozan alone was 9 of 10, but Sabonis and Fox, both players who have struggled at the line in the past, combined to go 9-10 themselves.

Kevin Huerter looked to be back in form tonight, scoring 18 points, including 4 of 9 from distance, while also dishing out 4 assists.  His defense was also very active, leading to some solid deflections and he finished the game with 3 blocks, tying a career-high.  This version of Kevin Huerter looked much more like the confident shooter we saw in his first season with the Kings and if he can stay that way, that will be a huge boon for this team.

The Kings also managed to hold Portland to just 4 of 22 from distance, a nice change of pace after allowing both the Timberwolves and Lakers to shoot 40+% from distance against us.  That ties the least amount of threes made by an opponent in Golden 1 Center history.

The Kings play their own back to back tomorrow night in Utah, where they start a four game road trip.

Random Observations:

The Kings definitely have some size issues.  Portland got 12 offensive rebounds, and that led to 19 second chance points for the Blazers.  There’s not really much the Kings can do about this either, this is just the way the roster is constructed right now.  Portland also dominated the interior, scoring 52 points in the paint compared to just 28 for the Kings.
Keegan Murray had a rough shooting night, scoring just 6 points on 2-9 from the field, but I thought he did a tremendous job limiting Jerami Grant on the other end.  Grant had been averaging 26 points a game over the first three games of the season for Portland, but Keegan held him to just 7 points on 3 of 12 shooting.  Offensively he also showcased an improved midrange game, with both of his buckets coming off midrange turnarounds over a smaller defender.
Domantas Sabonis’ three point shot might just be for real.  This is now the third straight game that Sabonis has hit a three, and he’s 5 of 8 on the season.  Now, I don’t think he’s going to be shooting 60+% from distance all year, but he definitely should continue shooting at least a few a game if he’s going to be hitting them consistently.  The best part about his shot is that he’s confident in taking them and is going up quicker and with less hesitation than we’ve seen in the past.  His Free Throw stroke is also looking improved, and so far he’s shooting 78.2% from the stripe, which would be by far a career best.
The Kings definitely seem to struggle quite a bit in the non-Sabonis minutes. Len just doesn’t offer the same offensive capabilities at all, and going with Lyles at center makes the team super small.  Lyles himself is struggling to get back into a rhythm, so it was nice to see him hit that three tonight.
De’Aaron Fox had the quietest 24 points I’ve seen from him.  I think he is the one who has felt DeRozan’s impact the most, which makes sense since they both need the ball in their hands.  I think they’re both still feeling each other out, but if we’re still going to get them both scoring 20+ while they’re in that process, that’s nice. Also, Fox reached 10,000+ points scored in his career, becoming the 5th player in franchise history to do so, and just the second in the Sacramento-era behind Mitch Richmond.
Dougie McBuckets came in garbage time and hit a couple quick threes in a row.  I didn’t like his insertion into the lineup against the Timberwolves in that fourth quarter, but I wouldn’t mind giving him spot minutes here and there every now and again.
Keon definitely seems to have a shorter leash than he did last year, but I also get why Brown views Huerter as a better option in the starting lineup right now.  Huerter is much more willing and able to move off the ball and take threes, whereas Keon is much more hesitant, even when he has an open look.  Keon’s only make of the night was a nice corner three off a quick dish from Jordan McLaughlin, but I think he’s going to need to be a bit more aggressive in looking for his shot and moving if he wants more minutes.
The Blazers are long. That could be a fun team when they get some of their firepower back, particularly Shaedon Sharpe, who I’m still very high on.
DeMar DeRozan / Domantas Sabonis / Kevin Huerter
The Kings Herald Newsletter
* indicates required
Name *
Email Address *



← Kings vs Trail Blazers Game Thread
Breaking down the start of the Sacramento Kings season, with Jerry Reynolds →
To prevent spam, our system flags comments that include too many hyperlinks. If you would like to share a comment with multiple links, make sure you email editorial@kingsherald.com for it to be approved.

 Subscribe 
 Login
Please login to comment
26 COMMENTS
Oldest 
UpgradedToQuestionable
 October 28, 2024 10:56 pm

Light that Beam!

Grats to De’Aaron on his milestone.
&ct=g

I could grumble about much of this game, but hey they found their way and won it handily.

Last edited 2 months ago by UpgradedToQuestionable
0
MidtownMike
 October 29, 2024 10:26 am
 Reply to  UpgradedToQuestionable

grumble about a blowout win? eh

0
MichaelMack
 October 29, 2024 12:20 am

That second half was certainly fun to watch, especially after that second quarter. Shoving a dull golf pencil through my left nostril would have been less painful than watching that mess.

PDX has some interesting young players, and some veteran contracts they can unload, it will be interesting to see if their GM can outmaneuver a weird ownership situation.

A few things that stood out to me:

Domas LeFrentz is gonna be a problem for teams. I love how he looks to start the season.

I am fascinated to see what this offense looks like at game 20. They had some really interesting possessions tonight. DeMar is just a tough cover, and a good playmaker. I think with all five starters being a weapon, and all unselfish, we are going to see Fox really be able to feast with the other four, plus Monk having gravity.

Dougie McBuckets! Filling that Pete Chilcutt sized hole we have had on this roster for 30 years. I thought Darius Songalia or Andres Nocioni was going to answer that question, but McDermott is the salve for that wound.

GO KINGS!

Last edited 2 months ago by MichaelMack
0
Rickyflip
 October 29, 2024 7:22 am
 Reply to  MichaelMack

I was in a band called Dull Golf Pencil…

… we were… sub par.

3
eddie41
 October 29, 2024 10:21 am
 Reply to  Rickyflip

that’s gold

0
HongKongKingsFan
 October 29, 2024 12:54 am

I just hope the team knows that DeMar is more crunch than Fox.

The ball needs to be in DeMar’s hand in final second…….

And Fox just need to focus on defense….

1
discocricket
 October 29, 2024 5:47 am

Likes:

Huerter’s best game in a long time
DeRozan’s 1980’s-style midrange clinic
Getting to the line and hitting our FTs
Keegan’s aggressiveness on the glass
Fox driving the lane

Dislikes:

The missing big in our rotation/the imbalanced roster
Lyles’ ineffectiveness. I know he’s coming back from injury, but he doesn’t look like a top-8 rotation player right now.
Fox contested 3s
The refs thinking the game is about them. Ugly pace to this game.
1
RikSmits
 October 29, 2024 5:56 am

Well, happy to get that monkey off the back and the beam lit.

Nice to see Domas hiting 3’s at a high clip. Still not sure that he should roam around the perimeter too much, but at least he’s making them.

Keegan seems to have devolved from a consistent sniper to a hot-cold kind of shooter. I hope he’ll hit the upswing again soon.

Good to see that no player had to go beyong 35 minutes, given today’s back-to-back.

Like discocrocket said; too much whistles. I’d like the referees to go back to the second part of last season.

0
Rickyflip
 October 29, 2024 7:19 am

Very mindful.
Very cutesy.
Very DeMar.

2
eddie41
 October 29, 2024 10:22 am
 Reply to  Rickyflip

who you callin’ cute?

0
Rickyflip
 October 29, 2024 3:32 pm
 Reply to  eddie41

With that smile?

0
RikSmits
 October 29, 2024 8:08 am

Hard to begrudge him his retirement after being in basketball hell.

https://x.com/RudyGay/status/1851277994121187488

1
Hippity_Hop_Barbershop
 October 29, 2024 8:20 am
 Reply to  RikSmits

That was a fun read. DeMar features prominently.

0
RikSmits
 October 29, 2024 10:26 am
 Reply to  Hippity_Hop_Barbershop

Yes, very nice.

I find many of these The Players Tribune articles very good.

0
ForKingsandCountry
 October 29, 2024 8:09 am

Good win and happy to see them bury the Blazers in the 3rd quarter. Thought Huerter played really well again. I maintain that while we will need to upgrade that position eventually, he’s played fine to start the year. I’m also happy Sabonis is shooting more 3’s! We need that DeRozan here now to create more space.

The refs in the first half… holy cow if they called games like that all the time basketball would be unwatchable. Not all contact is a foul. You can let the marginal stuff go.

0
Hippity_Hop_Barbershop
 October 29, 2024 8:26 am

Absolutely needed that win. I think getting Demar into the flow will take a bit of time but damn can he still iso ball. Nice to see Coach’s rotation settle down a bit but still some weird choices IMO. We got lots of tools and just need lockdown effort on defense to let the offense take us across the finish. Monk brings absolutely critical energy. We need another spark plug in my opinion. Team can look lackadaisical at times.

0
Adamsite
 October 29, 2024 8:36 am

Solid win. Anytime you can hold an opponent under 100 points in today’s NBA, you are doing good things on the defensive end. That 92% on 25 attempts from the charity stripe is pretty awesome as well. The Kings lost games last season because of their poor free throw shooting.

1
eddie41
 October 29, 2024 10:23 am
 Reply to  Adamsite

a lot of Portland’s misses were more like unforced errors.

0
Hobby916
 October 29, 2024 9:04 am

A game they needed to win as the Blazers are the bottom of the barrel in the league. Still some concerning trends that need to be addressed.

-Blazers had many open looks from 3 in the 1st quarter. Luckily they missed those shots.

-The offense bogged down, again, for far too long. Blazers had the size advantage, but the Kings are the superior talented team and should have figured out how to score on the lowly Blazers.

-DeRozan was scoring with ease and Brown took him out after only a short time on the court. Not sure why.

-The bench wasn’t that great, aside from Monk. Lyles has yet to get it going. Ellis and Len finding their way to fit in still. They will need to be more productive.

Good stuff:

-Huerter showed signs of his former self, which was needed because the offense was stagnant at times.

-The scoring versatility was on display, and it kept the Blazers in constant adjustment defensively. Fox floaters, DeRozan mid-range ISO, Domas and Huerter DHO, spray 3s, etc. The team needs those in every game to remain effective.

On to Utah!

0
ForKingsandCountry
 October 29, 2024 11:06 am
 Reply to  Hobby916

I’ll add that Huerter’s defense has also been much better to start the year than last year. He’s working really hard on that end.

0
Hobby916
 October 29, 2024 11:23 am
 Reply to  ForKingsandCountry

He is active and getting his hands in passing lanes. Still struggles against drives to the rim, but the effort is there.

0
ForKingsandCountry
 October 29, 2024 1:16 pm
 Reply to  Hobby916

Yeah he’s never going to have a ton of lateral quickness but he is pretty long and he’s 6’7 so he can have active hands and crash the boards hard and I thought the last two games in particular he did that pretty well.

0
MichaelMack
 October 29, 2024 9:50 am

This is a genuinely terrific write up Akis. Great detail and analysis. Appreciate you working late to get it up so soon after the game ended as well.

0
Carl
 October 29, 2024 12:28 pm

Good to see the team win a game that they should. Hopefully they can pick up some momentum for maximizing the ceiling of this roster.

0
Kings vs. Jazz Preview: Whistling A Happier Tune - The Kings Herald
 October 29, 2024 2:41 pm

[…] Sacramento Kings are in Utah today – arriving victorious after beating what should eventually be the worst team in the Western Conference on Monday night, and looking to get to .500 early this season. To do so they’ll have to take on a Utah Jazz […]

0
SaltySlug
 October 29, 2024 3:10 pm

I realize I’m a little late to join this thread, with the preview for tonight’s game up already, but had a couple of observations that seem more relevant here than anywhere else:

-Three games in, and dang, it’s hard to get a fix on this team. The second half looked really good, but they still had a lapse that a better team than Portland could have done a better job of exploiting. But good to get the win.

-Keegan had an off shooting night, but pretty much stuffed Jerami Grant all night. Really impressed with Keegan’s defense and rebounding so far, and I believe the shooting will come around. He appears to have added a lot of muscle this summer, and that tends to throw shooters off for a bit.

-Despite being stuffed by Keegan, am I the only one thinking Grant could look really, really good on the Kings? Long, can shoot, plays defense. In this world you move DDR to the 2 (can he really be any worse on D there then Kevin or Monk?), Keegan to the 3, and Grant plays the 4. I’m not a trade maker, but sure feels like Kevin, Devin Carter and a first (plus salary filler) could get that done? Essentially, Portland gets two first rounders and a tradable asset for Grant. With his salary, are they really going to do better than that? Kings get taller at two positions, including one of desperate need. I don’t think this hurts offensively, and it’s an upgrade defensively (I think….maybe….?).

Or is Grant just too expensive to entertain? Am I just delusional, and lost in the effort to get taller? Probably…

0
Hobby916
 October 29, 2024 4:21 pm
 Reply to  SaltySlug

Grant is about the same size as Keegan, and has a salary in the $30m range. It would take Huerter, Lyles and others to match that salary.

0
Badge Legend
 Patreon Supporter    Registered On Day 1    Published Post   Nostradumbass
 200 Up Votes    500 Up Votes    1,000 Up Votes    3,000+ Up Votes

 50 Comments    100 Comments    250 Comments    500 Comments    1000+ Comments

We are a Sacramento Kings blog dedicated to providing independent coverage of the Sacramento Kings franchise. You can find exclusive Sacramento Kings analysis and breaking news here. As a Sacramento Kings news outlet created by Sacramento Kings fans for fans, we also serve as a community that allows everyone to have engaging and fun discussions about the team in a fan forum style. Also, check out our store for exclusive Sacramento Kings merchandise! Read more →

About    Podcasts    Advertise    Newsletter    Contact    Community Guidelines

© Copyright 2025 All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kingsherald.com/articles/kings-111-trail-blazers-98-its-finally-beam-season/ 
 ----- 
