Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
MLB
FEB 20
<
Full Scoreboard »
>
2/20 8:05 PM UTC
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
Menu
ESPN
Log In
	MLB
Home
Free Agency
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Stats
Teams
Transactions
Players
More
MLB Division Series: Analysis from Guardians' Game 5 win over Tigers
Will the Tigers or Guardians head to the Bronx to face the Yankees in the ALCS? We get you ready for the ALDS finale. Lauren Leigh Bacho/MLB Photos via Getty Images
ESPN
Oct 12, 2024, 04:36 PM ET
Share
Like
Open Extended Reactions
1.9K

After a dramatic finale that lived up to this engrossing five-game series, the Cleveland Guardians are moving on to the ALCS!

After going down 1-0, the Guardians finally solved Detroit Tigers starter -- and soon-to-be Cy Young winner -- Tarik Skubal, and Lane Thomas delivered a giant grand slam to put the Guardians up 5-1, a lead they'd never lose. Now, they head to the Bronx, where they'll face the New York Yankees on Monday in Game 1 of the American League Championship Series.

Here's everything you need to know about Saturday's Game 5, from analysis to live updates to catch up on everything you missed.

Guardians-Yankees ALCS preview: Which team has the edge? | Bracket

Takeaways

Finally. Tarik Skubal looked human -- if only for a moment. Skubal, who had thrown 17 scoreless innings to begin the postseason, couldn't escape a fifth inning jam against the Guardians, hitting Jose Ramirez with the bases loaded before throwing a first pitch fastball to Lane Thomas -- who sent it 396 feet into the left field stands. The crowd at Progressive Field went nuts. It was all the offense the Guardians would need, and they used every bit of the best bullpen in the league to secure a spot in the ALCS. Manager Stephen Vogt pulled starter Matthew Boyd after just two innings, leading to a parade of relievers. They weren't all perfect - but Emmanuel Clase was, for a rare, six out save. He shut the door late in Game 5 and the Guardians did the same for the series. Can that pen handle Aaron Judge and the Yankees? We'll find out starting on Monday. -- Jesse Rogers

Some people referred to this series as a bit of a slog, but that feels a little unfair. Yes, the first three games saw three shutouts, but Game 1 featured Kerry Carpenter's clutch, game-winning home run off the untouchable Emmanuel Clase. Game 4 was a fun back-and-forth affair with David Fry playing the hero with a big home run and crucial safety squeeze that proved to be the winning run. Game 5 saw Thomas belt the go-ahead grand slam off Skubal. Cleveland returns to the ALCS for the first time since 2016, in a matchup between the deep-pocketed Yankees and the penny-pinching Guardians. It projects as a low-scoring series, and also a battle of stars who haven't delivered a whole lot in their postseason careers: Aaron Judge and Jose Ramirez. Whichever one of those two gets hot could decide the series. -- David Schoenfield

Live updates
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyYour US State Privacy RightsChildren's Online Privacy PolicyInterest-Based AdsAbout Nielsen MeasurementDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationContact UsDisney Ad Sales SiteWork for ESPNCorrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2025 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/story/_/id/41740075/mlb-2024-playoffs-division-series-alds-game-5-tigers-guardians-live-updates-analysis-takeaways 
 ----- 
