Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
Breaking News
NBA POSTPONES HORNETS-LAKERS GAME DUE TO LA WILDFIRES
Play Daily Draw!
Key takeaways from Cavs-Thunder
5 days, 8 games: Playoff football is here
Keys for wild-card games
Los Angeles wildfires: Sports impact
If you buy something through a link in this article, we may earn commission. Pricing and availability subject to change.
How To Watch the MLB Division Series: how to stream, who's playing and more
Liz Kocan
Thu, Oct 10, 2024

 

Here's how to watch every game of the ALDS and the NLDS when they begin on October 5. (Luke Hales/Getty Images)

After three exciting days of play, the MLB Wild Card series is all wrapped up and the New York Mets ended up grabbing the last spot in the National League Division series where they'll join the Philadelphia Phillies, the San Diego Padres and the L.A. Dodgers. The four teams playing in the American League Division Series will be the New York Yankees, the Kansas City Royals, the Detroit Tigers, and the Cleveland Guardians. Division series games will be broadcast all week across several major networks including Fox, TBS and FS1, and select games will also stream on Max. To find out where you can watch every game, here's a primer on everything you need to know about the MLB American and National League Division Series this week..

How to watch the MLB Division Series:

(Hulu)

Watch MLB Playoffs on Fox, FS1, TBS and more
Hulu + Live TV

This season's MLB Division Series will air on Fox, FS1 and TBS, and Hulu + Live TV is one of the best streaming services that provides all of those channels. For sports fans who want to watch the NFL, NBA, WNBA, NHL and other must-watch games and sporting events, Hulu + Live TV features ABC, ESPN and so much more.


Hulu + Live TV offers a three-day free trial, and Streaming plans start at for just $76.99 a month after the free trial ends. 

Try free at Hulu

Dates: October 5-12, 2024

TV Channel: Fox, FS1, TBS, truTV

Streaming: Hulu + Live TV, DirecTV, Max, and more

Where to watch the MLB Wild Card Series on TV:

The MLB Wild Card Series will air on Fox, FS1, truTV and TBS.

Where to watch MLB Wild Card games without cable:

Most MLB Division Series games will air on Fox, TBS, truTV and FS1, which can all be found on Hulu with Live TV, DirecTV, and YouTube TV. Select games will also stream on Max.

Watch ESPN, ESPN2, ABC, and more
DirecTV Choice
Try free at DirecTV
Watch ESPN, ABC, and more
YouTube TV
Try free at YouTube
Watch select MLB Playoff games on Max
Max
$10 at Max
Who is competing in the MLB Division Series?

Four teams advanced out of the MLB Wild Card series to earn spots in their League's division series. The American League teams competing in the ALDS are the New York Yankees, the Kansas City Royals, the Detroit Tigers and the Cleveland Guardians. The four teams competing in the National League Division Series are the Philadelphia Phillies, the Los Angeles Dodgers, the San Diego Padres and the New York Mets.

2024 MLB Playoff Schedule:

All times Eastern

Here's a full rundown of the schedule for the MLB postseason.

MLB Playoffs Schedule

Wild Card Series: October 1-3

Division Series: October 5-12

League Championship Series: October 13-22

World Series: October 24 - November 2

2024 MLB Division Series Schedule:

Saturday, Oct. 5

ALDS Game 1, Detroit Tigers (0) @ (7) Cleveland Guardians

NLDS Game 1, NY Mets (6) @ (2) Philadelphia Phillies

ALDS Game 1, Kansas City Royals (5) @ (6) New York Yankees

NLDS Game 1, San Diego Padres (5) @ (7) LA Dodgers

Sunday, Oct. 6

NLDS Game 2, NY Mets (6) @ (7) Philadelphia Phillies

NLDS Game 2, San Diego Padres (10) @ (2) LA Dodgers

Monday, Oct. 7

ALDS Game 2, Detroit Tigers (3) @ (0) Cleveland Guardians

ALDS Game 2, Kansas City Royals (4) @ (2) New York Yankees

Tuesday, Oct. 8

NLDS Game 3, LA Dodgers (5) @ (6) San Diego Padres

NLDS Game 3, Philadelphia Phillies (2) @ (7) NY Mets

Wednesday, Oct. 9

ALDS Game 3, New York Yankees (3) @ (2) Kansas City Royals

ALDS Game 3, Cleveland Guardians (0) @ (3) Detroit Tigers

NLDS Game 4, Philadelphia Phillies (1) @ (4) New York Mets

NLDS Game 4, LA Dodgers (8) @ (0) San Diego Padres

Thursday, Oct. 10

ALDS Game 4, Cleveland Guardians @ Detroit Tigers, 6 p.m. (TNT, Max)

ALDS Game 4, New York Yankees @ Kansas City, 8 p.m. (TBS, truTV, Max)

Friday, Oct. 11

NLDS Game 5, San Diego Padres @ LA Dodgers, 8 p.m. (FOX/FS1)

Saturday, Oct. 12

ALDS Game 5, Kansas City Royals @ New York Yankees (TBS, Max) - if necessary

ALDS Game 5, Detroit Tigers @ Cleveland Guardians (TBS, Max) - if necessary

Every way to watch MLB Playoff games this season:
Watch Fox, TBS, ESPN, ESPN2, ABC and more
Hulu + Live TV
Try free at Hulu
Watch Fox, ESPN and more
Fubo TV
Try free at Fubo
Watch Fox, TBS and more
YouTube TV
Try free at YouTube
Watch Fox, FS1, TBS and more
DirecTV Choice
Try free at DirecTV
Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Men's basketball AP poll: Watch top-ranked Tennessee, Florida and Oklahoma as SEC play opens this week

Saturday in the SEC should be a great start to conference play.

10d ago
Yahoo Sports
Men's basketball AP poll: UConn appears to be back after Hawaii skid, Tennessee holds at No. 1

The Huskies, after their meltdown in Hawaii, have now won four straight and seem back on track entering Big East play.

24d ago
Yahoo Sports
Ravens WR Zay Flowers ruled out of wild-card game vs. Steelers with knee injury

Flowers injured his knee during Baltimore's Week 18 win over Cleveland.

36m ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA postpones Thursday's Hornets-Lakers game due to Los Angeles wildfires

"The entire NBA family sends its thoughts and support to the community of Los Angeles during this challenging time," The league said.

2m ago
Yahoo Sports
Cade Cunningham has taken on the challenge of being Detroit's franchise player: 'I would love to have my own chapter'

The Pistons are making noise in the East again, with their star point guard leading the way.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
'He's generational': Inside Jeremiah Smith's path to stardom at Ohio State

It all started with a snub from a youth football coach that sparked a hunger in a then 7-year-old from South Florida.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports AM: 5 days of football

In today's edition: Football heaven, Cavs beat Thunder, the best remaining MLB free agents, the NFL's cellar dwellers stunk it up, D-II basketball genius, and more.

5h ago
Yahoo Sports
Thunder vs. Cavaliers: Key takeaways from Cleveland's impressive victory

Some key observations and analysis on two teams that could be around in June.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cavaliers beat Thunder in clash of NBA's top teams

The NBA's best offense beat the NBA's best defense, in a game with 30 lead changes and no double-digit leads.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
Doc: Power conferences seeking more control over NCAA championships, governance

The proposal would grant the SEC, Big Ten, Big 12 and ACC rights to manage postseason championships, such as the men’s and women’s basketball tournaments.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bengals WR Jermaine Burton reportedly accused of assaulting woman, no charges filed

Jermaine Burton's rookie year was an unmitigated disaster.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
Raiders reportedly request interviews with Lions coordinators, putting Tom Brady's Fox broadcast conflict front and center

How exactly is Tom Brady supposed to provide unfettered commentary on coaches he's interviewing as a minority owner of the Raiders?

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Florida Panthers to host 2026 NHL Winter Classic vs. New York Rangers

This will be the NHL's first outdoor game in Florida and first involving the Panthers.

22h ago
Yahoo Sports
Does Notre Dame still need to join a conference? | College Football Enquirer

On today's episode of The College Football Enquirer, Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SI's Pat Forde discuss the latest buzz coming from media days at the Orange Bowl. Specifically, they discuss comments made by Penn State head coach James Franklin about Notre Dame football and them needing to join a conference.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bills-Broncos preview: Buffalo has high hopes, starts playoffs against surprising Denver

Josh Allen might win his first NFL MVP after having a great regular season.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Report: Giants reach 1-year, $15 million deal with 9-time All-Star Justin Verlander

The three-time Cy Young winner will turn 42 in February.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football 2024 TE Exit Interview: Is chaos actually a friend to the position?

Fantasy football analyst Scott Pianowski examines what was yet another strange season at the tight end position.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Tyreek Hill trade reports, Mike Tomlin on the HOT SEAT? & Cowboys block McCarthy-Bears interview | Inside Coverage

In this episode of Inside Coverage, Jason Fitz, Jori Epstein, and Frank Schwab dive into the latest NFL storylines and coaching news.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Injured Magic All-Star Paolo Banchero reportedly expected to return to court this week

Banchero has been sidelined with an oblique injury.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Oregon adds big running back transfer and gets two key players to return for the 2025 season

The Ducks were the only undefeated team at the top level of college football before losing to Ohio State in the Rose Bowl.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/how-to-watch-the-mlb-division-series-how-to-stream-whos-playing-and-more-152940406.html 
 ----- 
