English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: England vs New Zealand- Who will win T20 match between England and New Zealand?

T20 World Cup 2022: England vs New Zealand- Who will win T20 match between England and New Zealand?
New Zealand have been phenomenal so far in this edition of the T20 World Cup.

RITESH PATHAK
Author

Updated - 30 Oct 2022 05:58 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: 01 November 2022
Time: 01:30 PM IST
Venue: The Gabba, Brisbane
Ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger App

Preview

England will take on New Zealand in their fourth match at the T20 World Cup 2022. It will be a must-win game for the Jos Buttler-led team as they have three points from three games. Meanwhile, New Zealand have accumulated five points from their three games and are almost certain to qualify for the knockout stage. The Kane Williamson-led team just need to play good cricket to keep themselves alive in the tournament. 

Pitch Report

The Gabba pitch is known for its pace and bounce. The square boundaries are also quite big at the venue bringing spinners into play. However, batters will enjoy the even bounce as they will be able to hit through the line with the bat coming onto the ball nicely. 

Team Analysis

England 

England saw their important game against Australia getting washed out and now their focus will be to beat New Zealand if they are eyeing that semifinal spot. They have the team to beat New Zealand but it’s about the players being able to stand up to the challenge. The opening pair of Jos Buttler and Alex Hales will have the tough challenge to bat against Trent Boult who looks in good nick. The middle order comprising Dawid Malan, Ben Stokes and Harry Brook will have to set the tone for Liam Livingstone and Moeen Ali who will have the responsibility to finish big. The bowlers have done a fair job so far. Only Adil Rashid needs to pull his socks up in order to give England a chance.


SportsTiger's Probable Playing XI of England 

Jos Buttler (captain & wicketkeeper), Alex Hales, Dawid Malan, Ben Stokes, Harry Brook, Liam Livingstone, Moeen Ali, Sam Curran, Chris Woakes, Mark Wood, Adil Rashid

New Zealand

New Zealand have been phenomenal so far in this edition of the T20 World Cup. The Kiwis are undefeated and will hope to continue the winning streak. Finn Allen, Devon Conway, and Glenn Phillips have been the heroes for New Zealand with the bat. But Kane Williamson has not hit the right chord yet. Although New Zealand might get through the group stage without Williamson performing, they would need him in knockouts. This will be a chance for the New Zealand captain to get his rhythm back. Daryl Mitchell and Jimmy Neesham will also be expected to chip in with quick runs. The bowling seems the least of concerns for New Zealand with everyone doing the job to perfection. 

SportsTiger's Probable Playing XI of New Zealand

Finn Allen, Devon Conway (wicketkeeper), Kane Williamson (captain), Glenn Phillips, Daryl Mitchell, Jimmy Neesham, Mitchell Santner, Ish Sodhi, Tim Southee, Trent Boult, Lockie Ferguson

Match Prediction

  


Conclusion

Although New Zealand are coming on the back of a convincing win over Sri Lanka and have the desired momentum, England are supposed to come all guns blazing at them. And, the Jos Buttler-led side is expected to take down the Kiwis. 

Disclaimer: The opinions expressed within this article are the author’s point of view. They neither reflect the opinion of SportsTiger nor advise anyone to make any prediction based on this. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility and liability for the same.

LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir wanted Cheteshwar Pujara for Australia tour but selectors denied; shocking details revealed

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

01 January 2025

If I play good cricket, I don’t need PR: MS Dhoni’s honest take on his social media presence

01 January 2025

Vikendi removed from BGIS 2025, BMPS 2025 and other upcoming BGMI tournaments

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-2022-eng-vs-nz-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-t20-world-cup-match-between-england-and-new-zealand-win-prediction-eng-vs-nz-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
