Monday, December 16, 2024
PDF
Supplements
Top Stories 
Qatar
Business
Sport
World 
Gulf/(MiddleEast)
Press Release
Latest News
Home
/
Sports
/
Determined Al Annabi look to put it across N Korea
Determined Al Annabi look to put it across N Korea
10/09/2024
/
Sports
Qatar coach Marquez Lopez and player Yusuf Abdurisag address the media in Vientiane, Laos, on Monday ahead of their AFC Asian Qualifiers - Road to 26 tie against North Korea.
+ A
A -
Qatar tribune

TNN/AFC

Doha/Vientiane (Laos)

Smarting from their shock loss to United Arab Emirates on home turf last Thursday, Qatar are determined to set the record straight by getting even with North Korea in away game in the AFC Asian Qualifiers – Road to 26 Group A tie at the Lao National Stadium in Vientiane, Laos, at 3pm Doha Time on Tuesday.

The defeat to UAE was a surprise to Qatar’s system but head coach Marquez Lopez isn’t pressing the panic button.

“The chances in the group are still there and we have nine matches left in the qualifiers, and everything can change in terms of calculations and chances to qualify.”

“We aim to make up for this result and get back on track, starting with the next match against North Korea and I’m confident that we can bounce back from this,” Lopez had said post UAE clash.

In Vientiane on Monday, the Qatar coach said, “Mistakes are part of football, and that is what we made against the UAE despite our possession and control and missing many opportunities. We will now make all efforts and achieve the best against the strong North Korean team,” he said.

Lopez stressed that everyone in the side has learned the lesson of the loss and the current thinking is focused on facing North Korea team and how to beat them. “I watched them in their last match against Uzbekistan and they performed well despite the loss - so need to be watchful.”

Qatar player Yusuf Abdurisag said, “We are all attention to what our coach has said about our mistakes and we are keen to put up a better performance against North Korea.”

North Korea would have walked away the happier of the two sides as they held their own against Uzbekistan and will believe they can get a result in the neutral venue of Vientiane.

Qatar, on the other hand, were undone by a second half fightback from the UAE after having taken the lead on home soil.

Sin Yong Nam admitted his North Korea side paid the price for taking too long to settle down in their opener, with Uzbekistan scoring the game’s only goal in the 20th minute.

“The game went faster than we expected. We expected a better result. I think that we will prepare for the next games at a higher level and try to achieve better results.”

“Qatar are a strong team and the current Asian champions, they are well trained. In football, anything can happen so we have to prepare well and try to get a good result.”

While North Korea have won four of their previous 12 meetings with Qatar, the East Asian side lost their most recent encounter - falling to a 6-0 defeat in the group stage of the AFC Asian Cup UAE 2019.

In the other matches of Group A on Tuesday, UAE will meet Iran in Al Ain, while Kyrgyzstan will play Uzbekistan in Bishkek.

UAE currently top the group with 3 points from one match, on goal difference ahead of Iran and Uzbekistan while Qatar, Kyrgyzstan and North Korea are yet to open account.

   Copy
10/09/2024
85
Follow us
© Copyright 2024 QATAR TRIBUNE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.qatar-tribune.com/article/139662/sports/determined-al-annabi-look-to-put-it-across-n-korea 
 ----- 
