Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
Play Daily Draw!
Ranking every Super Bowl matchup
Notre Dame's late FG lifts Irish to CFP final
Raiders fire GM
5 days, 8 games: Playoff football is here
Bob Uecker after getting doused in champagne by Brewers' players: 'I peed my pants!'
Christian D'andrea
Thu, Sep 19, 2024·1 min read
12
(Left) Milwaukee Brewers pitcher Brandon Woodruff pours champagne over (right) Milwaukee Brewers broadcaster Bob Uecker and (center) Milwaukee Brewers manager Pat Murphy after the victory over the Philadelphia Phillies and winning the NL Central Division championship on Wednesday September 18, 2024 at American Family Field in Milwaukee, Wis.
More

The Milwaukee Brewers clinched the NL Central before their game against the Philadelphia Phillies even began. That made it a little easier for the team to wait before popping the champagne to fete their 2024 campaign.

But there was a subdued energy coursing through the American Family Insurance Field locker room as players and coaches paused their celebration following a 2-1 walkoff win. Everyone was excited, but hardly anyone popped their corks before the man of the hour arrived -- Brewers broadcaster and MLB legend Bob Uecker.

Team manager Pat Murphy opened the celebration by honoring the 90-year-old former catcher as "epitomiz[ing] a champion" to a welcoming chorus of "Uuuuueeeeccccckkkk" calls from the players. And then, Uecker acknowledged the compliment and shower of bubbles that followed as only he can.

The Brewers clinched their third division title in four years, giving the legendary broadcast another chance to potentially call a World Series game for a team that hasn't been there since 1982. He'll be in the booth, calling out home runs with his signature "get up" call and praising Usinger's sausages come October for the sixth time in the last seven years.

This article originally appeared on For The Win: Bob Uecker after getting doused in champagne by Brewers' players: 'I peed my pants!'

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
NFL injury tracker, wild-card weekend: 'Business as usual' for Jordan Love, Ravens' Zay Flowers out, Cade Otton back for Bucs

Here's everything you need to know injury-wise for wild-card weekend.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns, Jaguars, Jets to take part in 2025 NFL London Games

Madrid, Spain, and Berlin will also host NFL regular-season games in 2025.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports AM: The Irish fight on

In today's edition: Notre Dame wins Orange Bowl, ranking every Super Bowl matchup, the rise of Cade Cunningham, Australian Open preview, wild Ravens stat, and more.

3h ago
Yahoo Sports
After another heartbreaking loss, will James Franklin and Penn State ever get over the hump?

Notre Dame is playing for a national title for the first time in 12 seasons, and Penn State has come up short yet again in a big-time matchup.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Tony Meola & Keith Costigan chat MLS & Milan, Dax McCarty talks beating Lionel Messi & a manager firing spree!

Christian and Alexis bring on USMNT legend Tony Meola and Apple TV Keith Costigan to chat the state of MLS ahead of the 2025 season. Then, Christian and Alexis have 19 season MLS veteran Dax McCarty join the show to look back at a decorated career that includes beating Messi. Later, Christian and Alexis eact to news in Europe including West Ham sacking head coach Julen Lopetegui as well as Tottenham and Newcastle taking the lead in their Carabao Cup semifinal ties.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: The 5 key plays from Notre Dame's Orange Bowl win over Penn State

Both teams combined for 31 points in the fourth quarter after scoring just 20 in the first three quarters.

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
Sixers announce rookie Jared McCain is out for season with torn meniscus

McCain was the Sixers' lone bright spot this season and a Rookie of the Year candidate.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
What's next for the Padres, one of this winter's quietest teams?

An ownership struggle and financial limbo leave San Diego without a clear path forward in 2025.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles fires: NFL moves Vikings-Rams wild-card game to Arizona

Fans can start buying tickets for Vikings-Rams on Friday.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Wild Card deep dives: Stroud vs. Herbert, blueprint for Broncos & Rams & more | Football 301

In this absolutely packed episode of Football 301, Nate Tice and Charles McDonald break down every matchup heading into Wild Card weekend, offering insights into how playoff contenders are shaping up and which teams might be in trouble.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Looking at some bad NFL head coach openings, it's not a great year to be a top candidate

Which job opening is the best? How about none of them?

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Four Verts, wild-card edition: Is this finally the year for a Ravens run? Plus the Packers are one heck of a 7 seed

Baltimore has become a well-oiled machine on both sides of the ball, Green Bay has a legit shot to upset the Eagles on the road, and why Vikings-Rams might be the coolest matchup of the weekend.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Raiders fire general manager Tom Telesco, 2 days after firing coach Antonio Pierce

That's a clean sweep for the Raiders at the top, which might help them land a head coach who either wants personnel power or can come in with a general manager he has worked with before.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck entering NCAA transfer portal: Report

Beck previously declared for the 2025 NFL Draft, but will play one more college season.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ravens WR Zay Flowers ruled out of wild-card game vs. Steelers with knee injury

Flowers injured his knee during Baltimore's Week 18 win over Cleveland.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cade Cunningham has taken on the challenge of being Detroit's franchise player: 'I would love to have my own chapter'

The Pistons are making noise in the East again, with their star point guard leading the way.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
About Last Night: Fantasy basketball stars deliver as Cavaliers top Thunder in matchup of NBA's top teams

Wednesday's NBA slate provided a blend of history and standout fantasy performances. Dan Titus has the top takeaways from the slate.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football 2024 RB Exit Interview: The year of the running back renaissance

Fantasy football analyst Andy Behrens delivers his final thoughts about the running back position in 2025.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Jordan Love on his status for Eagles-Packers wild-card game after limited practice session: 'We'll see'

Is Love really in jeopardy of sitting Sunday, or is this just subterfuge from the Packers ahead of a playoff game?

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Eagles-Packers preview: NFL wild-card weekend rematches exciting Week 1 game

The Packers and Eagles met all the way back in Week 1 at Brazil.

2d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/bob-uecker-getting-doused-champagne-152415266.html 
 ----- 
