Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Live: New Orleans attack
Cybertruck explosion
Rose Bowl
Montenegro shooting
Sugar Bowl
BREAKING NEWS
The man who died in a Tesla Cybertruck packed with explosives outside a Trump hotel was a U.S. Army soldier, officials say.
Close
SPORTS
Africa Cup preview: Crowded field of contenders jostling to dethrone Sadio Mané’s Senegal
1 of 9 |  

FILE - Senegal’s Cheikhou Kouyate kisses trophy after winning the African Cup of Nations 2022 final soccer match between Senegal and Egypt at the Ahmadou Ahidjo stadium in Yaounde, Cameroon, on Feb. 6, 2022. (AP Photo/Sunday Alamba)

2 of 9 |  

FILE - Senegal’s Sadio Mane gestures prior to the start of the African Cup of Nations 2022 final soccer match between Senegal and Egypt at the Ahmadou Ahidjo stadium in Yaounde, Cameroon, on Feb. 6, 2022. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

3 of 9 |  

FILE - Malawi’s Francisco Madinga controls the ball during the African Cup of Nations 2022 round of 16 soccer match between Morocco and Malawi at the Ahmadou Ahidjo stadium in Yaounde, Cameroon, on Jan. 25, 2022. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

4 of 9 |  

FILE - Cape Verde’s Dylan Tavares, right, and Cameroon’s Collins Fai challenge for the ball during the African Cup of Nations 2022 group A soccer match between Cape Verde and Cameron at the Olembe stadium in Yaounde, Cameroon, on Jan. 17, 2022. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

Read More
5 of 9 |  

FILE - Morocco’s Achraf Hakimi, right, and Croatia’s Mislav Orsic challenge for the ball during the World Cup third-place playoff soccer match between Croatia and Morocco at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, on Dec. 17, 2022. (AP Photo/Andre Penner)

6 of 9 |  

FILE - Stuttgart’s Serhou Guirassy kicks a freekick during a German Bundesliga soccer match between FSV Mainz 05 and VfB Stuttgart in Mainz, Germany, on Sept. 16, 2023. (AP Photo/Michael Probst)

7 of 9 |  

FILE - A Senegal supporter waits for the start of the African Cup of Nations 2022 semifinal soccer match between Burkina Faso and Senegal at the Ahmadou Ahidjo stadium in Yaounde, Cameroon, on Feb. 2, 2022. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

8 of 9 |  

FILE - Napoli’s Victor Osimhen celebrates after scoring during the Serie A soccer match between Napoli and Sampdoria at the Diego Maradona Stadium in Naples, on June 4, 2023. (AP Photo/Andrew Medichini)

9 of 9 |  

FILE - Egypt’s Mohamed Salah, left, and Morocco’s Nayef Aguerd challenge for the ball during the African Cup of Nations 2022 quarter-final soccer match between Egypt and Morocco at the Ahmadou Ahidjo stadium in Yaounde, Cameroon, on Jan. 30, 2022. (AP Photo/Sunday Alamba)

Read More
BY  CIARÁN FAHEY
Updated 4:00 PM UTC, January 8, 2024
Share

Even for a tournament that is always unpredictable, there is an unusually large number of title contenders looking to dethrone Sadio Mané’s Senegal when the latest edition of the Africa Cup of Nations starts Saturday.

Morocco is looking to build on its unprecedented World Cup success after becoming the first African team to reach the semifinals. Seven-time champion Egypt will hope Mohammed Salah can help the team go one better after losing the 2021 Africa Cup final on penalties. Nigeria has African player of the year Victor Osimhen, Ghana is led by Mohammed Kudus as it goes for its fifth title and Ivory Coast can count on strong home support.

“This competition will be one of the strongest since I started playing in it because all the big countries are here,” said Mané, who scored the winning penalty for Senegal in the final win over Egypt in the previous edition.

The 34th edition of the biennial tournament was supposed to be played in June and July last year but was postponed to avoid Ivory Coast’s tropical rainy season.

That means it is once again being played in the middle of the European league season, forcing many top clubs to be without some of their best players for up to a month.

RELATED STORIES
Tanzania, Botswana and Mozambique grab the final qualification spots for 2025 Africa Cup
Ademola Lookman and Barbra Banda are players of the year at African soccer awards
Leverkusen forward Boniface injured on Nigeria duty again

Napoli will have to do without Osimhen, Liverpool without Salah, and German league leader Bayer Leverkusen will be without four players — Victor Boniface (Nigeria), Amine Adli (Morocco), Odilon Kossounou (Ivory Coast) and Edmond Tapsoba (Burkina Faso) — potentially undermining its bid to pip Bayern Munich to the Bundesliga title.

Safety will again be an issue after eight people were killed and 38 injured in a stadium crush at the last edition in Cameroon.

The 24-team tournament will feature six groups, with games spread across six stadiums in five cities, with the final to be played at the Alassane Ouattara Stadium in Abidjan on Feb. 12. The top two in each group and the four best third-placed teams will progress to the knockout stage.

Here is a look at the six groups.

GROUP A (IVORY COAST, NIGERIA, EQUATORIAL GUINEA, GUINEA-BISSAU)

Host nation Ivory Coast and Guinea-Bissau play the tournament’s opening game on Saturday, with Nigeria playing Equatorial Guinea the next day. Ivory Coast then hosts three-time champion Nigeria on Jan. 18 for a game that could decide which team tops the group.

Nigeria is always among the tournament favorites but hasn’t won since 2013. Osimhen will lead the “Super Eagles” on their 20th appearance, supported by a cast that includes Leverkusen’s Boniface and AC Milan’s Samuel Chukwueze.

Ivory Coast is aiming for its third title and is led by Borussia Dortmund forward Sébastien Haller, who overcame testicular cancer last year but has struggled so far this season with just two goals in 14 appearances. Sporting Lisbon’s 20-year-old defender Ousmane Diomande is a player to watch.

Equatorial Guinea and Guinea-Bissau are both making their fourth appearance at the tournament.

All the group games will be played in Abidjan, Ivory Coast’s largest city.

GROUP B (EGYPT, GHANA, CAPE VERDE, MOZAMBIQUE)

Egypt and Ghana are the heavyweights in this group, and they play each other in a potential group-decider on Jan. 18. Ghana’s “Black Stars” will be coached by former Ireland international Chris Hughton. Athletic Bilbao forward Iñaki Williams was able to join the team after recovering from illness.

Cape Verde and Mozambique are making their fourth and fifth appearances, respectively.

All games will be played in Abidjan.

GROUP C (SENEGAL, CAMEROON, GUINEA, GAMBIA)

Senegal faces a difficult task to retain its title and first has to navigate a group that includes five-time champion Cameroon.

Senegal is again led by Mané, the star of the team who missed out on the World Cup last year because of a leg injury sustained while playing for Bayern Munich shortly before the tournament in Qatar. The 31-year-old Mané has since joined Saudi Arabian team Al Nassr.

The “Indomitable Lions” of Cameroon are returning to where they won the first of their five titles in 1984, having finished third two years ago. Beşiktaş forward Vincent Aboubakar, the top scorer at the 2021 Africa Cup with eight goals, is team captain. Manchester United goalkeeper André Onana is back, having quit the team after being sent home from the World Cup following a dispute with coach Rigobert Song.

Guinea is making its 14th appearance and will be relying on Stuttgart forward Serhou Guirassy for goals after he started the season by netting 17 times in 14 Bundesliga appearances.

Gambia is making just its second appearance reaching the quarterfinals in 2021.

All games will be played in Yamoussoukro, except for Gambia vs. Cameroon on Jan. 23 in Bouaké.

GROUP D (ALGERIA, BURKINA FASO, MAURITANIA, ANGOLA)

Despite having a talented team led by former Manchester City star Riyad Mahrez, Algeria coach Djamel Belmadi has played down his team’s chances of a third Africa Cup title. Algeria exited at the group stage in the last tournament, then failed to qualify for the World Cup.

Burkina Faso is looking for its first title at the 13th attempt, led from the back by serene Leverkusen defender Edmond Tapsoba, one of the German team’s key players this season.

The “Stallions” finished fourth in 2021 after placing third at the previous tournament and runner-up in 2013.

All the games will be played in Bouaké, except Burkina Faso vs. Angola in Yamoussoukro on Jan. 23.

GROUP E (TUNISIA, MALI, SOUTH AFRICA, NAMIBIA)

Both Tunisia and South Africa are going for their second titles after wins in 2004 and 1996, respectively.

Tunisia will look to experienced captain Youssef Msakni for goals and is strong in midfield with Eintracht Frankfurt’s Ellyes Skhiri, Manchester United’s Hannibal Mejbri and Union Berlin’s Aïssa Laïdouni providing the platform for the team’s attack.

South Africa will be led by Percy Tau, a forward who plays for Egyptian club Al Ahly, while veteran Themba Zwane was included in the squad after he was initially overlooked by Belgian coach Hugo Broos.

Broos, who led Cameroon to the title in 2017, said it had been a mistake to omit the now 34-year-old Zwane when he took over the “Bafana Bafana” in May 2021, but that he had been trying to prioritize younger players at the time.

Mali is making its 13th appearance and Namibia its fourth.

The games will be played in Korhogo, except Namibia vs. Mali in San Pedro on Jan. 24.

GROUP F (MOROCCO, CONGO, ZAMBIA, TANZANIA)

After becoming the first African team to reach the World Cup semifinals in Qatar last year, Morocco is now hoping to add just its second Africa Cup title.

Walid Regragui’s team defeated Belgium, Spain and Portugal before losing to eventual finalist France at the World Cup in Qatar.

Regragui was less than six months old when the “Atlas Lions” won their only Africa Cup in 1976. Now he’s targeting a repeat, helped by Paris Saint-Germain star Achraf Hakimi from the back.

Congo is taking part for the 20th time and is bidding for a third title after wins in 1968 and 1974.

Zambia, which won the trophy in 2012, is coached by Avram Grant, who guided Ghana to the final in 2015, then fourth place two years later.

Tanzania is appearing for just the third time.

Matches will be played in San Pedro, except Tanzania vs. Congo on Jan. 24.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

CIARÁN FAHEY
Fahey is a Berlin-based reporter for The Associated Press, covering sports in Germany and beyond.
twitter
 
instagram
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Daniels puts up 29 points as Cal Baptist defeats Fresno State 86-69
【老協珍x頤宮】米其林三星名廚陳偉強親自操刀，傳承 創新聯名年菜 【限量開賣】2025年限定珍稀逸品，限 量199組！
老協珍
:
Advertisement
5 things we know and still don't know about COVID, 5 years after it appeared
Biden is giving the second highe st civilian award to the leaders of the Jan. 6 congressional...
Man who died in Tesla Cybertru ck explosion was active-duty US Army solider, officials say
Arizona official who delayed county’s 2022 election certific...
An appeals court rejected an Arizona offici al’s argument that felony charges against...
AP News
Trump says he is planning to attend Jimmy Carter's funeral
President-elect Donald Trump says he’s planning to attend the funeral of former...
AP News
老協珍xHello Kitty【10週年 典藏版 新春蘋安佛跳牆】全台限量2...
老協珍
Advertisement:
立即選購
在藥局買的「全效合一水凝霜」只塗1個月！照鏡子嚇了一跳！
YUKINOUE
Advertisement:
了解更多
台灣的平均智商為 106，參加此智力 測驗，並查看您的智商是否更高
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
在藥局買的「這個」只塗1個月！照鏡子嚇了一跳！
YUKINOUE
Advertisement:
了解更多
弒仙問道，笑戰群雄，浴血開打，開啟修真之旅，成為仙道霸主
《仙途大世界》
Advertisement:
現在註冊
上路必備第三人責任險 首選新安
新安東京海上產險
Advertisement:
立即選購
Proentry經證實有效改善過敏症狀，強化黏膜減少細菌病毒入侵，減少過敏症狀產生，打造健康免疫力
 Proentry胜肽擁有豐富臨床研究，相關成果發表國際期刊，5間醫學中心推薦，幫助改善異位性皮膚炎，台灣有5間醫學中心推薦使用，改善過敏從體內缺乏成分開始！
Proentry健康保健室
Advertisement:
立即申請
...
 韓國冬季滑雪超刺激，漫遊首爾採草莓，冰雕雪景，海景汗蒸幕，瘋玩樂天,愛寶兩大親子樂園，大啖道地韓式美食，行程應有盡有，寒假春節出遊16900起！
百威旅遊
Advertisement:
了解更多
Why You Should Get An Unsold Camper...
Camper Van Deals | Search ads
Advertisement:
Learn More
【台中出發】星宇航空天天飛富國島，行程多樣任選，好評熱賣中
百威旅遊
Advertisement:
了解更多
3月26.31日賞櫻6天第三人免費、全家度假旅遊：義式「歌詩達郵輪」體驗，艙房熱賣中請提早報名預約！
歌詩達郵輪
Advertisement:
了解更多
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt reach divorce settlement after...
Angelina Jolie filed for divorce in 2016, after a private jet flight from Europe...
AP News
An armed man kills at least 10 people, including 2 children, in ...
Montenegro’s interior minister says at least 10 people, including two children,...
AP News
為您保留珍貴的牙齒，不放棄每一顆牙齒的希望！
星誠牙醫診所
Advertisement:
立即預訂
Crossout: New Apocal yptic MMO
Crossout
Advertisement:
Play Now
缺牙長期不補，容易引發咀嚼困難跟美觀問題，立即預約，了解更多案例！
口腔顎面外科專科 唐櫻翠醫師
Advertisement:
立即預訂
A jet carrying the Gonzaga men's basketball team ordered to sto...
The Federal Aviation Administration has launched an investigation after a private...
AP News
An aspiring nurse, a football star, a single mother and a father of ...
An 18-year-old girl dreaming of becoming a nurse, a single mother, a father of two...
AP News
臉歪嘴斜、骨質萎縮，缺牙的風險你一定要知道！
梅西牙醫診所
Advertisement:
立即預訂
長期缺牙怎麼辦？小心牙周病、牙齒歪斜等口腔問題找上門！
中山一日誠臻牙醫診所
Advertisement:
立即預訂
2025年春季、暑假出發！前往日本沖繩、石垣島、宮古島搭乘【歌詩達郵輪】
歌詩達郵輪
Advertisement:
了解更多
by Taboola
Suggested For You
2024年最受期待的仙侠今日起正式上線，火爆公測
《仙途大世界》:Advertisement
現在註冊
Proentry胜肽取自法國純淨乳源，不含人工生長激素rBST，經臨床試驗證實無副作用，改善異膚無負擔
Proentry健康保健室:Advertisement
立即申請
愛車保障首選-車體損失險
新安東京海上產險:Advertisement
立即選購
If you have a mouse, you will never turn off your computer again.
Panzer.Quest:Advertisement
Play Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Manage Your Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/africa-cup-of-nations-afcon-preview-7f6e9c2c9bb88b69775079ca2a1a7cc8 
 ----- 
