NBA
Bucks vs. Hornets prediction, odds, pick - 11/16/2024

It will be a splash at the Spectrum Center as we share our NBA odds series and make a Bucks-Hornets prediction and pick.

By 

RB Hayek

Nov 15, 2024 at 5:44 PM ET

ClutchPoints is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or in any way connected to any sportsbook. Gambling is not offered on this website in any form.

The Milwaukee Bucks will head south to face the Charlotte Hornets. It will be a splash at the Spectrum Center as we share our NBA odds series and make a Bucks-Hornets prediction and pick.

The Bucks are coming off a 127-120 home win over the Detroit Pistons, while the Hornets are coming off a 114-89 shellacking at the hands of the Orlando Magic.

The Bucks swept the Hornets last season, winning by an average of 29.25 points. They also won the two games in Charlotte by an average of 21.5 points. Milwaukee has won five in a row in this series. Furthermore, they have gone 7-3 over 10 games against the Hornets, including 3-2 over five games in Charlotte.

Here are the Bucks-Hornets NBA odds, courtesy of FanDuel. 

NBA Odds: Bucks-Hornets NBA Odds

Milwaukee Bucks: -4 (-108)

Moneyline: -174

Charlotte Hornets: +4 (-112)

Moneyline: +146

Over: 218.5 (-110)

Under: 218.5 (-110)

How To Watch Bucks vs. Hornets 

Time: 3 PM ET/12 PM PT

TV: FDSS and FDSW

Stream: fuboTV (Free Trial)

Why the Bucks Could Cover the Spread/Win

The Bucks are dealing with two superstars with injury issues preventing them from reaching their full potential. Therefore, they need their players back soon.

The Bucks have been inconsistent in scoring, ranking 17th in points. They are also 11th in field-goal shooting, including 17th in three-point shooting percentage. The Bucks have struggled at the charity stripe, ranking 29th in free-throw shooting percentage. Substantially, they have done solid work on the boards, ranking 12th in rebounds. The Bucks have also taken care of the basketball, ranking 12th in turnovers. Likewise, they are still strong on the defensive end, ranking eighth in blocked shots.

Related News
Article continues below
Magomed Gadzhiyasulov vs. Bruno Lopes prediction, odds, pick for UFC Vegas 101
1h
Fatima Kline vs. Viktoriia Dudakova prediction, odds, pick for UFC Vegas 101
1h
Nurullo Aliev vs. Joe Solecki prediction, odds, pick for UFC Vegas 101
1h
Ben Johnson’s odds of becoming Jaguars’ head coach take hit
2h

Giannis Antetokounmpo continues to be elite and is off to an excellent start. Amazingly, he is averaging 33.3 points and 12.1 rebounds per game while shooting 61.6 percent from the floor. Damian Lillard may not play as he is dealing with a concussion. If he returns, he will come in averaging 26 points per game while shooting 44.4 percent from the floor, including 34.8 percent from the triples.

Bobby Portis is also injured, dealing with an elbow injury. If he plays, he will come in averaging 12.9 points per game while shooting 45.6 percent from the floor. Brook Lopez looks like he is fading. So far, he is averaging 11 points per game while shooting 40.9 percent from the hardwood. Khris Middleton still has not suited up this season as he is dealing with a severe ankle injury. Unfortunately, he is at least a week away, possibly more.

The Bucks will cover the spread if Antetokounmpo can dominate this game on the boards and also prevent the Hornets from gaining any significant advantage. Then, they must force the Hornets into taking bad shots.

Why the Hornets Could Cover the Spread/Win

Things are starting to sour in Charlotte as Miles Bridges is injured, and it may shatter any hopes of competing for a playoff spot. Unfortunately, a team like this cannot afford too many injuries, especially when already struggling to score.

The Hornets are 25th in points. Moreover, they are 29th in field-goal shooting percentage, including 19th from beyond the arc. Charlotte has also been inconsistent at the charity stripe, ranking 14th in free-throw shooting percentage. However, their strength has been their ability on the boards, as the Hornets are currently seventh in rebounds. They have struggled to hold onto the basketball, ranking 22nd in turnovers. Likewise, their defense has been inconsistent, as they are 18th in blocked shots.

LaMelo Ball has been efficient this season. So far, he is averaging 29.9 points per game while shooting 44.7 percent from the field. Brandon Miller has been good. Significantly, he is averaging 15.7 points per game. Tree Mann has a back injury and likely will not play. Therefore, Ball and Miller must pick up the slack, with Bridges and Mann both possibly not playing.

The Hornets will cover the spread if they can spread the floor and hit their shots. Then, they must stop Antetokounmpo and force the Bucks to turn to someone else.

Final Bucks-Hornets Prediction & Pick

The Bucks are 4-7-1 against the spread, while the Hornets are 6-5 against the odds. Moreover, the Bucks are 2-4 against the spread on the road, while the Hornets are 3-3 against the odds at home. The Bucks are also 3-6-1 against the spread against the Eastern Conference, while the Hornets are 5-4 against the odds against their conference. Lastly, the Bucks are 0-2 against the spread when they have had less rest, while the Hornets lost their only game where they have had the rest advantage.

This all depends on health. If the Bucks do not get Lillard and Portis back, it will be tough for them to blow anyone out. If we assume one or both do not play, it will be tough to rely on them. Therefore, expect the Hornets to find a way to stay competitive in this game.

Final Bucks-Hornets Prediction & Pick: Charlotte Hornets +4 (-112)

RB Hayek has been writing about sports for over a decade and is currently a member of ClutchPoints' Betting team. In addition, he is also a published author of thriller novels, available on Amazon.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
UConn vs. Villanova prediction, odds, pick for College Basketball
1 day ago
Thunder vs. Cavaliers prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
1 day ago
Arizona vs. West Virginia prediction, odds, pick for College Basketball
2 days ago
Virginia vs California prediction, odds, pick for College Basketball
1 day ago
Packers vs. Eagles predictions, pick, odds, spread for NFC Wild Card 2025
1 day ago
Tottenham vs. Liverpool prediction, odds, pick for Carabao Cup 2025
1 day ago
Tennessee vs. Florida prediction, odds, pick for College Basketball
2 days ago
Florida State vs. Miami predictions, odds, pick for College Basketball
1 day ago
Kentucky vs. Georgia predictions, odds, pick for College Basketball
2 days ago
St John’s vs. Xavier prediction, odds, pick for College Basketball
3 days ago
Lakers vs. Mavericks prediction, odds, pick – 1/7/2025
2 days ago
Bulls vs. Pacers prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
1 day ago

The content of this article is for entertainment and educational purposes only, and ClutchPoints makes no warranty to the accuracy of the information given or outcome of any sporting event. Gambling is not offered on this website, and all betting content is intended for audiences ages 21+. All picks and predictions are based on each individual writer's opinion, and don't express that of ClutchPoints. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.

Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/bucks-vs-hornets-prediction-odds-pick-11-16-2024 
 ----- 
