This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Deny
Allow selection
Allow all
    
Login
Sign up
ITA
ENG
NATIONAL TEAMS
THE ITALY TEAMS
 
	
Club Italia
	
Azzurri
	
Azzurre
	
Futsal
	
Beach Soccer
	
Azzurri Success
	
News
	
Mediagallery
Home  
NATIONAL TEAMS  
News  

Nazionale A

Brilliant Italy comeback to beat France 3-1 in Nations League opener
Going behind after just 14 seconds did not stop Italy from putting on a show at the Parc des Princes with goals from Dimarco, Frattesi and Raspadori

Friday, September 6, 2024

69 days after the defeat to Switzerland in the Euros round of 16, the Italian National Team were back to winning ways with a brilliant 3-1 comeback over France to get their Nations League journey off to the right start. We saw character and good play, personality and quality: these were the ingredients in the recipe for a historic win, the first at the Parc des Princes against the World Cup runners-up. Italy haven’t won in Paris for 70 years and tonight they managed it despite a shock opener from Barcola after only 14 seconds that made it seem like we were in for a rough night. The squad reacted in a big way, but focusing on character alone would be doing them a disservice. Faced with Mbappé, it was the Azzurri who shone. From Tonali to Frattesi, from Ricci to Raspadoria. Compliments all round.

Luciano Spallletti: “The reaction from the whole side after the goal was the key to the game. Everyone brought the right strength and calmness to do what we had to do. It was important to stay in it after the mistake and to double down on our mental strength. As well as the goals, we had many great passages of play, tonight we were giants just like our opposition. The lads did well to adapt, they fought and gave their hearts and souls to put in a big performance against a tough opposition”.

Goals from Dimarco, Frattesi and Raspadori were the direct consequence of us growing into the game with Italy making many a good run. The Head Coach added: “Physical form isn’t the same as at the end of the season. Now, the lads are fresher and working in the right way. We are lucky to have young players that want to show their level”. One year on and Tonali is back with the National Team. The Azzurri have one of their young talents back: “He played a magnificent game. We were worried he couldn’t handle the full 90 but he went one-on-one with the keeper at the end of the game. We have a great player back with us”.

MATCH REPORT. For the first game of the season, Italy fielded a 3-5-2 with Spalletti making eight changes to the XI that started against Switzerland in the EURO 2024 Round of 16. Donnarumma, Di Lorenzo and Bastoni the constants. Three young players found space in the midfield: Ricci, Frattesi and Tonali. On the wings, Cambiaso started over Bellanova and Dimarco also came in to support Retegui, with Pellegrini going between the attack and midfield. Deschamps’ France started with a 4-2-3-1 with the sole striker being the usual Kylian Mbappé.

SHOCK OPENER AND AZZURRI RESPONSE. The start was a big shock. Albanian Bajrami put one past the Azzurri after 23 seconds in the first game of the Euros and tonight, it only took France 14 seconds to go ahead: Cambiaso to Di Lorenzo, Barcola got there before the Napoli defender and went up against Donnarumma alone. It was a tough blow, but Italy found the strength to react and went close to an equaliser through Frattesi in the 6th minute as his header hit the crossbar. Paces quickened and France seemed to have the upper hand. Donnarumma stopped a diagonal shot from Mbappé and did well in blocking an attempt by Olise. The Azzurri struggled to get past the French press but when they did, they proved that they could trouble Deschamps’ defence. Tonali was fundamental, often finding Cambiaso free out wide to the right. After a shot from Retegui was stopped by Maignan, Italy found the equaliser. It was a beauty: Cambiaso passed to Dimarco across the pitch, and Tonali took a brilliant touch for the Nerazzurri defender to unleash a powerful shot into the top corner. It’s Dimarco’s third goal for the National Team, one for the history books. The Azzurri were gaining ground and doing well on the ball. Retegui had a go with his head but the shot went just high. Barcola at the other end shot just wide. We headed into the break at 1-1.

FRATTESI AND RASPADORI SEAL THE COMEBACK. The second half started with Raspadori coming on for Pellegrini and firing off a weak shot, picked up from a good restart masterminded by Tonali, that Maignan collected. This preceded the goal from Frattesi that made it 2-1. First, he picked up a pass in the midfield and ran towards the goal to slot the ball past Maignan and score his sixth goal for Italy in 20 appearances. Spalletti said to keep the game open and we struck twice with the same weapon. Dembelé and Koné came on, but Italy almost made it three with a header from Frattesi that Maignan diverted. Koné got to the rebound from the AC Milan goalkeeper a little before Calafiori, ready to go on and score. In the space of a few minutes, Italy lost Frattesi and Calafiori through injury with Udogie and Buongiorno coming on. But the Azzurri were still in charge and scored again with Raspadori who made the most of an assist from Udogie. Kean came on and Brescianini made his debut, whilst an uncontainable Tonali went out in search of a fourth, showing his excellent athletic form. The final push from Les Bleus was fruitless as we walked away with the three points. And finally, Luciano Spalletti can smile once more.

FRANCE 1-3 ITALY

FRANCE (4-2-3-1): Maignan; Clauss (78' Koundé), Konaté, Saliba, T. Hernandez; Fofana (58' Koné), Kanté (78' Zaire-Emery); Griezmann (78' Thuram), Olise (58' Dembele), Barcola; Mbappé. Unused subs: Samba, Areola, Digne, Upamecano, Guendouzi, , Kolo Muani. Coach: Deschamps.

ITALY (3-5-2): Donnarumma; Di Lorenzo, Bastoni, Calafiori (71' Buongiorno); Cambiaso, Frattesi (61' Udogie), Ricci, Tonali, Dimarco (80' Brescianini); Pellegrini (46' Raspadori), Retegui (80' Kean). Unused subs: Vicario, Meret, Okoli, Gatti, Bellanova, Fagioli, Zaccagni. Coach: Spalletti

Goalscorers: 1’ Barcola (F), 30’ Dimarco (I), 51' Frattesi (I), 74' Raspadori (I)

Referee: Schärer (Switzerland). Assistants: De Almeida-Erni (Switzerland). Fourth official: Tschudi (Switzerland). VAR: San-von Mandach (Switzerland)

Notes: booked Retegui (I) and Koné (F)

GROUP A2 NATIONS LEAGUE 2024/25 TABLE AND RESULTS 

Matchday 2

Belgium 3-1 Israel
France 1-3 Italy

Table: Italy and Belgium 3 points, France and Israel 0

UPCOMING ITALY GAMES

9 September 2024: Israel vs. Italy (20:45 CEST – Bozsik Arena, Budapest)
10 October 2024: Italy vs. Belgium (20:45 CEST – Stadio Olimpico, Rome)
14 October 2024: Italy vs. Israel (20:45 CEST – Stadio Friuli, Udine)
14 November 2024: Belgium vs. Italy(20:45 CEST – Stade Roi Baldovino, Brussels)
17 November 2024: Italy vs. France (20:45 CEST – Stadio Giuseppe Meazza, Milan)

MEDIAGALLERY

Nazionale A

L'Italia torna a vincere a Parigi dopo 70 anni: 3-1 alla Francia all'esordio in Nations League
Vai alla gallery
IL PROGRAMMA DELLA NAZIONALE 
IL MEDIA KIT 

 

 

ALTRE NOTIZIE
Italy either in Group A or Group I for World Cup 2026 qualifiers

13 December 2024

Tonali: “My return against France was a release”

09 December 2024

Italy will face Germany in Milan on 20 March

05 December 2024

Azzurri in pot 1 for 2026 World Cup qualifying draw

29 November 2024

    

Via Gregorio Allegri 14, 00198 - Roma
Tel 06. 84 911

THE FEDERATION
 
NATIONAL TEAMS
 
FANS
 
FOOTBALL MUSEUM
 
SHOP
CONTACTS
 
MEDIA AREA
 
PARTNERS
 
PORTALE ACQUISTI
Conditions of use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.figc.it/en/national-teams/news/brilliant-italy-comeback-to-beat-france-3-1-in-nations-league-opener/ 
 ----- 
