Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Exeter Chiefs
Steve Diamond Reveals How Newcastle Ended The ‘longest Run Of Losses’ In Premiership History
Steve Diamond reveals how Newcastle ended the ‘longest run of losses’ in Premiership history
Louis Chapman Coombe
19 Oct 2024 2:05 PM
1

Steve Diamond celebrates Newcastle's win over Exeter Chiefs

Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Steve Diamond has said their gutsy 24-18 victory over Exeter Chiefs is ‘the monkey off the club’s back’, as they brought an end to the ‘longest run of losses’ in Premiership history. 

Before Friday night’s win over the Chiefs, Newcastle had lost their previous 25 Premiership fixtures, a run which stretches back to March 2023.

“We’re trying to build something”

The Falcons have had a tough time of it in their opening four matches, including heavy home defeats to both Leicester Tigers and Sale Sharks; but speaking after the win over Exeter, Diamond highlighted his delight at securing his first win as Falcons boss since taking the reigns mid-way through last season.

“I’m delighted, the monkey’s off the club’s back of the longest run of losses,” he said.

Fin Smith and Tommy Freeman lay down England markers as Northampton Saints hammer Sale Sharks

He added: “We’re trying to build something, it’s taking time, but the job in hand is to put on performances like that at home. Away from home, sometimes we’ll struggle with the squad we’ve got; but at home, that’s what I expect.”

Diamond has spoken very publicly about his need to ‘simplify’ things in the Falcons gameplan, and he was pleased with how his side stuck to this strategy against Exeter.

“I saw it a little bit against Bristol, didn’t see it against Leicester, but we’ve simplified everything and tonight was the first time we’ve stuck to the plan.”

He added: “We made a defensive error in the first five minutes where we came out of line, the old Newcastle, and we sorted that out. Then we looked pretty comfortable, I thought.”

“Crucial to us to stay with somebody in the league”

He had spoken in the build-up about how his side wanted to make it a ‘dogfight’, and he again pointed out how good it was to see his side ‘stay with somebody in the league’.

“(I’m) delighted, I think it was two sides who have been struggling and it was an arm wrestle,” said Diamond. “What we had to do was stay in it and a win tonight was crucial to us to stay with somebody in the league.”

Saints star gives Steve Borthwick an ‘interesting decision’ against the ‘best in the league’

Ad

Despite ending that horrific 25-game streak, Diamond also highlighted things his side need to improve ahead of their next game against Gloucester.

“We struggled under the weather conditions, the wind, we couldn’t receive the high ball and that’s what kept Exeter in the game in the first half,” he said.

“That didn’t get any better throughout the game. So we know we’ve got things to work on, our lineout in the first half didn’t operate as swiftly as we’d like it.”

Things are certainly looking a lot brighter in the North West now, but the challenge for Diamond and his band of merry men is if they can turn one win into two next weekend.

READ NEXT: Newcastle Falcons snap 25-match Premiership losing streak as England snub shines while Exeter Chiefs slump to fifth straight loss

Ad
Will Newcastle Falcons finish bottom of the Premiership?
Yes
No

Exeter Chiefs
Steve Diamond
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Colin Newboult
01 Jan 2025
Newcastle boss hits out at ‘disturbing’ Saracens after Falcons accused of ‘over-egging’ injury following ‘horrific cleanout’

Newcastle Falcons Steve Diamond has been left distinctly unimpressed by Saracens' conduct.

David Skippers
22 Dec 2024
Steve Diamond takes a sly dig at ‘great player’ Finn Russell and Bath over salary cap

Newcastle director of rugby Steve Diamond has criticised Bath and their fly-half Finn Russell after Saturday's Premiership clash between the teams at Kingston Park.

Dylan Coetzee
21 Oct 2024
Who’s hot and who’s not: ‘The Steve Diamond effect’ at Newcastle, unbeaten URC duo and refereeing inconsistencies

Check who's hot and not following the week's on and off-field action.

Alex Spink
17 Oct 2024
‘He threw his bricks out the pram, showed us disrespect’ – rugby’s last cross-code showdown remembered ahead of Ed Slater’s MND Headingley fundraiser

Planet Rugby's Alex Spink speaks to former Sale Sharks boss Steve Diamond and England coach Richard Wigglesworth about the Clash of the Codes.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
31
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Leicester Fainga’anuku reveals ‘preference’ for Top 14 over Super Rugby as All Blacks powerhouse opens up on New Zealand return
10 hours ago
France dealt ANOTHER injury setback ahead of the Six Nations
13 hours ago
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
15 hours ago
6
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
17 hours ago
4
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
17 hours ago
3
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
16 hours ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/steve-diamond-reveals-how-newcastle-ended-the-longest-run-of-losses-in-premiership-history 
 ----- 
