NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
Soccer
Fixtures
Tables
Canadian men to face Suriname in Concacaf Nations League quarterfinal
Canadian Press
October 16, 2024 - 1:53pm
Panama's Kahiser Lenis (26) and Canada's Alphonso Davies (19) battle for the ball during first half men's international friendly soccer action in Toronto, on Tuesday, Oct. 15, 2024. (Frank Gunn/CP Photo)
4 comments

Canada will face Suriname in next month's two-legged Concacaf Nations League quarterfinal.

Suriname, ranked 138th in the world by FIFA, advanced by finishing second to Costa Rica in Group A of League A play. The 38th-ranked Canadian men, along with No. 17 Mexico, the 18th-ranked U.S. and No. 37 Panama, received a bye into the final eight of the Concacaf competition.

Suriname, which finished ahead of No. 107 Guatemala, No. 156 Guyana and unranked Martinique and Guadeloupe in its group, will host the first leg of the quarterfinal on Nov. 15 with the return leg four days later at Toronto's BMO Field.

The other quarterfinals are Panama versus No. 50 Costa Rica, the U.S. versus No. 61 Jamaica and Mexico versus No. 77 Honduras.

The four winners will advance to the Concacaf Nations League Finals at Hollywood Park and SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles, and also qualify for next summer’s Gold Cup.

The Canadian men have faced Suriname twice before, both in World Cup qualifying play, winning 4-0 in suburban Chicago in June 2021 and 2-1 in Mexico City in October 1977.

Canada lost to Jamaica in last year's Nations League quarterfinal, ousted on the away-goals rule after the series ended in a 4-4 draw. The Canadians lost 2-0 to the U.S. in the final of the 2022-23 tournament.

Canada defeated Panama 2-1 in a friendly Tuesday in Toronto.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Canadian men grind out victory against physical Panama side
Canadian women’s national team announces interim coaching staff for October window
SOCCER NEWS
5:00
SoccerSportsnet Video
What would make it an ideal 2025 for the Canadian MNT?
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Southampton fires manager Russell Martin
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Guardiola blames himself after Man City loss
SoccerAssociated Press
Mbappé to return for Real Madrid
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Wolves fire O'Neil with team in relegation zone
MORE HEADLINES
SoccerAssociated Press
Mbappé to return for Real Madrid
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Wolves fire O'Neil with team in relegation zone
MLSCanadian Press
Vancouver Whitecaps owners look to sell club
La LigaAssociated Press
Barcelona's Lamine Yamal out with ankle injury
Premier LeagueAssociated Press
Roundup: Man United stuns Man City
SoccerCanadian Press
Canada coach expecting a tough 2025 schedule

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2024 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/soccer/article/canadian-men-to-face-suriname-in-concacaf-nations-league-quarterfinal/ 
 ----- 
