Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 European Championship, Group Stage
TUR
1-0-1, 3 PTS
0
FT
POR
2-0-0, 6 PTS
3
Bernardo Silva - 21'Samet Akaydin - 28' OGBruno Fernandes - 56'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Videos
Euro 2024: Portugal reach round of 16 with win over Turkey
0:45
Laurens: Portugal much more convincing against Turkey

Julien Laurens reacts to Portugal's improved performance in their 3-0 victory over Turkey at Euro 2024.

ByReuters
Updated: Jun 22, 2024, 06:28 pm

Bernardo Silva's first goal at a major tournament, a calamitous own goal from Samet Akaydin and a Bruno Fernandes tap-in gave Portugal a comfortable 3-0 win over Turkey on Saturday to guarantee qualification for the round of 16 as Group F winners.

Silva gave Portugal the lead in the 21st minute, rifling home after Nuno Mendes' cross deflected kindly into his path before Akaydin failed to look and passed the ball beyond onrushing goalkeeper Altay Bayindir seven minutes later.

Fernandes effectively ended the contest after 56 minutes when Cristiano Ronaldo -- who could have become the oldest goalscorer in European Championship history -- selflessly passed to his former Manchester United teammate to tap home.

The victory secures Portugal's progress while Turkey must avoid defeat on Wednesday to the Czech Republic, who drew 1-1 with Georgia earlier on Saturday, to be certain of qualifying for the knockout rounds.

Portugal started sharply and were unfazed by the deafening whistles from Turkey's supporters when in possession, with Ronaldo drawing an easy save from Bayindir inside two minutes.

Cristiano Ronaldo selflessly assisted Bruno Fernandes for Portugal's third goal against Turkey.
Emin Sansar/Anadolu via Getty Images

Turkey -- who had lost all three of their previous European Championship games against Portugal without scoring -- often played out from the back and the gamble almost paid off after 20 minutes, but Pepe's last-man challenge stopped Orkun Kokcu.

Portugal scored shortly after through a quick break down the left, when Mendes played a dangerous ball across goal which Silva turned home for his first major tournament goal in his 15th game at either the World Cup or European Championship.

A defensive mix-up doubled their lead when Bayindir wandered out of his goal to collect a misplaced pass towards Ronaldo, only to watch Akaydin's backpass roll past him in slow motion.

Kerem Akturkoglu forced a great save from Diogo Costa almost immediately after, but Turkey otherwise created precious few chances.

The second half started in subdued fashion before substitute Ruben Neves played a long pass over the top, which fell to Ronaldo who laid the ball on a plate for Fernandes to score.

The game petered out even after Turkey boss Vincenzo Montella introduced teenage star Arda Guler but was marred by several pitch invaders in the last 20 minutes of the game, all of whom made a beeline for a selfie with Ronaldo.

Game Information
SIGNAL IDUNA PARK
4:00 PM, June 22, 2024
Coverage: FOX
Dortmund, Germany
Line: POR -0.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 61,047
Referees:
Felix Zwayer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/690595 
 ----- 
