Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'We're deep': Crew cuts magic number to 2
Share
'We're deep': Crew cuts magic number to 2
Rea comes up huge in relief, notches first career save in team-effort win over Phillies
September 17th, 2024

Rich Rovito

Share
;

14 SECONDS REMAINING

MILWAUKEE -- The champagne is on ice for the Brewers.

A 6-2 win over the Phillies at American Family Field on Monday night reduced Milwaukee’s magic number for clinching the NL Central title to two. The celebration could come as early as Tuesday with a Brewers victory and a loss by the Cubs, who take on the A’s in Chicago.

In what many considered to be a rebuilding year for the Brewers, the team finds itself on the cusp of not only a division title, but a chance to earn a first-round bye.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

"I heard what people were saying. A lot of people laughed at us and said this was a rebuild and things like that,” manager Pat Murphy said. “We haven’t accomplished anything yet, but we’ll keep playing and be competitive every game like we have. That’s what I see in this group. It’s the right young energy. The right leaders."

Milwaukee (87-63) pulled to within three games of the Phillies (90-60) for the top spot and still trails the Dodgers (89-61) by two games for the second position after Los Angeles’ 9-0 win over the Braves on Monday. The two division winners with the best records earn byes.

William Contreras belted a two-run double, Aaron Civale put together another effective start, Hoby Milner pitched out of a jam in the sixth and veteran starter Colin Rea earned his first career save as the Brewers downed the NL East-leading Phillies to inch closer to a playoff berth.

The team-wide effort was indicative of the “all-hands-on-deck” mentality the Brewers have show throughout the season, Murphy said.

“We always figure out a way. We sign the right type of guys that are willing to do anything,” he said. “Colin was told today that we’re light [in the bullpen]. That’s the type of people who you are looking to build with when you’re in a small market and have all the adversity that we’ve had. That’s what this comes down to.”

Related
Brewers avoid arb with 5 of 6, exchange figures with Contreras

3:35 AM UTC

Woodruff gets candid about where he stands in recovery process

January 7th, 2025

Bauers returns to Crew on make-good deal

January 6th, 2025

Rea, Montas become free agents on busy day for Brewers

November 4th, 2024

Brewers decline Sánchez's option, making veteran free agent

November 2nd, 2024

8 unlikely contributors for contending clubs

September 16th, 2024

The Brewers broke through against Ranger Suárez (12-7) in the third. With one out, Jackson Chourio walked, Blake Perkins singled and Contreras followed with a double to drive in the pair.

Civale (7-8) allowed a solo homer to Brandon Marsh in the fifth, and departed after surrendering back-to-back singles to open the sixth.

Milner came on and promptly recorded three consecutive outs in the heart of the Phillies' order as the Brewers escaped the inning unscathed.

Facing the Phillies for the first time in his six-year MLB career, Civale continued his run of impressive outings at American Family Field since being acquired from the Rays in July. The 29-year-old right-hander is 4-1 with a 1.98 ERA in seven home starts with the Brewers.

"The crowd is definitely into it every time. It’s nice to pitch in front of them,” Civale said. “It’s also the confidence and comfort I have with this whole team and that everyone in this clubhouse has with each other."

Civale is 5-0 with a 2.56 ERA over his last seven starts overall.

"Any time you’re competing and playing meaningful games at the end of the year, it’s awesome,” he said.

Milner, who has struggled at times this season, notched his fifth hold of the campaign after entering in a high-pressure situation, reflecting afterward that the bullpen has shed a lot of traditional roles this season.

"It gives Murph a lot of options,” he said. “It’s been great for everybody.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The 34-year-old Rea has been a steady member of the Brewers’ starting rotation, but gave up a career-worst 10 runs in four innings on Wednesday against the Giants in San Francisco.

"That was a rough start,” Rea said. “The focus tonight was to be aggressive and know where my misses were going to be. If you make mistakes, they’ll make you pay."

Rea pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings, giving up three hits with one strikeout and no walks.

"It was one of those things where we were kind of running low in the bullpen and [Murphy] brought the idea of me coming down to the bullpen and filling in some innings if we needed to,” Rea said. “I thought it was a good idea, myself. I was all for it.”

Rea became the 12th Brewers pitcher to record a save this season, matching the Dodgers while extending the franchise record of 10 set in 1973. Only the Rays (2021) have had more pitchers (14) record a save in a season in Major League history.

"We’re deep. You can throw anyone out there tonight,” Rea said. “Anyone in this clubhouse would have done the same thing."

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers
Colin Rea
You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/brewers-beat-phillies-reduce-magic-number-to-two-for-nl-central-title 
 ----- 
