George Linde traps Pakistan as South Africa level T20 series
12 Apr 2021
George Linde reacts after dismissing Mohammamd Hafeez (L) and plays a shot during the second Twenty20 match at the Wanderers stadium on Monday. AP

Pakistan opening batsman Mohammad Rizwan fell into a trap off the first ball of the match and the tourists never recovered as South Africa romped to a six-wicket win with six overs to spare in the second Twenty20 international at the Wanderers on Monday.


Man of the match George Linde revealed at the post-match presentation that South Africa deliberately placed mid-off Aiden Markram inside the 30-metre circle in order to tempt Rizwan to go over the top.


Lizaad Williams (front) celebrates after the dismissal of Faheem Ashraf. AFP

Rizwan danced down the wicket and went for a big hit but only succeeded in hitting a high catch to Markram.


"We had a game plan to bring that guy up and I was happy when he (Rizwan) came down the wicket," said left-arm spinner Linde who went on to take three for 23.


He also held three catches in the deep and Pakistan were restricted to 140 for nine on what South African captain Heinrich Klaasen said was "a 180-190 wicket."


Sharjeel Khan plays a shot during the second T20 match. AP


South Africa showed up Pakistan's batting shortcomings by racing to a series-levelling victory. Opening batsman Markram set the tone by slamming 54 off 30 balls.


There was a brief wobble when leg-spinner Usman Qadir took two wickets in successive overs to reduce South Africa to 92 for four but Klaasen (36 not out) and Linde took the hosts to the target with no further alarms. Linde finished off a good day by scoring 20 not out off ten balls.


Pakistan captain Babar Azam made 50 and shared Pakistan's only productive partnership, 58 off 49 balls for the third wicket, with Mohammad Hafeez (32).


"Aggression cost us the game," said Babar after five of his batsmen fell to catches when they mistimed big hits. "Early wickets cost us and the South Africans bowled really well," he said.


Klaasen said the execution of South Africa's bowlers was "spot on". He singled out fast bowler Sisanda Magala, who had a nightmare first over, starting with three no-balls and then bowling three wides in conceding 18 runs. "He begged me for another over," said Klaasen. "He said, 'I'm your guy today' and he proved it."


Heinrich Klaasen plays a shot as Mohammad Rizwan looks on. AFP

Magala's next three overs, including two at the 'death', cost only 14 runs and he took the key wicket of Babar, his first in international cricket.


Klaasen said the message to the South African batsmen was to be positive and to base their approach on the quality of the pitch rather than the runs required.


"We want to play aggressive cricket but not cowboy cricket," he said, pointing out that he tempered his aggression after Qadir's double strike.


The series moves to nearby Centurion for the final two matches, on Wednesday and Friday.


Earlier, Pakistan won the toss and decided to bat in the second Twenty20 international against South Africa at the Wanderers Stadium in Johannesburg.


There was confusion when match referee Andy Pycroft announced that South Africa had won the toss and had decided to bat, only to apologise when he picked up the coin and realised that Pakistan captain Babar Azam had called correctly.


Players and official line up for the singing of the national anthems at the start of the second T20 match. AP

Pakistan made two changes from the side that won the first match by four wickets with one ball to spare at the same venue on Saturday. Batsman Fakhar Zaman was ruled out with an eye allergy and replaced by Sharjeel Khan, while Mohammad Hasnain came in for Haris Rauf in a switch of fast bowlers.


South Africa were unchanged. Captain Heinrich Klaasen said he was not too concerned about batting second despite preferring to go in first. "It gives us more clarity about what we have to score," he said. Babar said his objective was simple: to post a big total.

Teams:

South Africa: Heinrich Klaasen (captain, wkt), Aiden Markram, Janneman Malan, Pite van Biljon, Wihan Lubbe, George Linde, Andile Phehlukwayo, Sisanda Magala, Beuran Hendricks, Lizaad Williams, Tabraiz Shamsi

Pakistan: Babar Azam (captain), Mohammad Rizwan (wkt), Sharjeel Khan, Mohammad Hafeez, Haider Ali, Mohammad Nawaz, Faheem Ashraf, Hasan Ali, Shaheen Shah Afridi, Usman Qadir, Mohammad Hasnain

Umpires: Adrian Holdstock, Bongani Jele (both RSA)

Television umpire: Shaun George (RSA)

Match referee: Andy Pycroft (ZIM)


Agence France-Presse


Pakistan South Africa
Cricket
Pakistan Cricket Board
T20 cricket
Related articles
OPINION
Unsporting team
5 hours ago
SPORT
Rabada, Maharaj excel as S.Africa thrash Pakistan to wrap up Test series 2-0
21 hours ago
SPORT
Defiant Masood narrows Pakistan's deficit to 109 in 2nd Test against South Africa
06 Jan 2025
SPORT
Pakistan, all out for 194, forced to follow on against South Africa in second Test
05 Jan 2025
Most Popular Stories
1
NEWS
International defence meet commences on Feb.16
2
NEWS
HHC hails Camel Trek partners role
3
NEWS
Liwa International Festival 2025 concludes successfully
PDF SUBSCRIPTION
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY
PUBLISHING POLICY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.gulftoday.ae/Sport/2021/04/12/Pakistan-win-toss-opt-to-bat-in-second-T20-against-South-Africa 
 ----- 
