    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 1, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  Australia boost semi-final chances with victory over Ireland
SPORTS
Australia boost semi-final chances with victory over Ireland
October 31, 2022 0

Australia beat Ireland by 42 runs to boost their hopes of reaching the Men’s T20 World Cup semi-finals, and also hurt England’s last four chances in the process.

After racking up 179-5 in Brisbane – captain Aaron Finch returning to form with 63 from 44 balls – they bowled Ireland out for 137 in 18.1 overs.

The result effectively ends Ireland’s challenge, but is also damaging for England, who play their penultimate game of the group against New Zealand on Tuesday.

Click to view full scoreboard

Australia’s net run-rate, which will split the teams if both England and Australia win their remaining games, has closed up on England’s.

Australia play Afghanistan in their final group game – a match they will expect to win convincingly – while England play Asia Cup champions Sri Lanka after their assignment with New Zealand.

But Australia’s win on Monday was perhaps not as convincing as it could have been – or the net run-rate swing as great – after Australia brutally reduced Ireland to 25-5 inside four overs.

Ireland’s number three Lorcan Tucker held firm with a brilliant 71 not out from 48 balls to spare Ireland humiliation and prolong the innings, much to the relief of England supporters.

Ireland were poor with the ball, bowling 13 wides in the 20 overs.

There were five in one 11-ball over from seamer Mark Adair, as Finch and Marcus Stoinis, who hit 35 from 25 balls, took full advantage.

Finch, though, limped off the field with a hamstring injury in Ireland’s chase, a further dampener on what was turning into a perfect night for Australia.

Australia’s Matthew Wade, speaking to BBC Test Match Special, said: “That [net run-rate] did go out of the window a little bit.

“We had our chances to win by a bigger margin, but we probably didn’t take our chances when they came and they made us pay a little bit.

“Ireland are a quality side so you can’t be thinking about net run-rate too much though.” (BBC Sport)

Advertisement _____
Previous article
BREAKING: Lula wins Brazil’s presidential elections
Next article
Shuman likely to vacate MP seat next year
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
NSC throws support behind LSU-bound track star Malachi Austin
Sports
Family the driving force behind Sherfane Rutherford
Sports
Down to four! One Guyana Futsal enters business end on January 1
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
Human Services Ministry expands support for seniors
Editor - December 31, 2024
Human Services Ministry highlights milestones in childcare assistance initiatives
Editor - December 31, 2024
Paper immigration forms to be abolished by end of January – President announces
Editor - December 31, 2024
‘Proactive work being done’ – President says murder, other crime rates down
Editor - December 31, 2024
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
October 2022
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2
3	4	5	6	7	8	9
10	11	12	13	14	15	16
17	18	19	20	21	22	23
24	25	26	27	28	29	30
31	 
« Sep   Nov »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
News Room asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2022/10/31/australia-boost-semi-final-chances-with-victory-over-ireland/ 
 ----- 
