Arab News PK Thursday .  January 02, 2025
Search
 
   
LATEST NEWS
World
Pakistan
Pakistan warns of Internet disruptions due to fault in submarine cable near Qatar
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
Pakistan face second defeat in World Cup qualifier as Tajikistan cruise to 6-1 win
﻿
Pakistan face second defeat in World Cup qualifier as Tajikistan cruise to 6-1 win
Previous
Pakistan men's football team is seeing playing against Tajikistan in the second round of the Asian qualifiers for the 2026 FIFA World Cup in Islamabad, Pakistan on November 21, 2023. (Pakistan Football Federation)
Next
Short Url

https://arab.news/2qvq5

Green Shirts lost 4-0 to Saudi Arabia in second round of qualifiers earlier this month
Pakistan will now face their other Group G opponent Jordan on March 21, 2024
Updated 22 November 2023
MUHAMMAD IBRAHIM
November 21, 2023 08:02
     

ISLAMABAD: Tajikistan’s football team on Tuesday thrashed host Pakistan 6-1 as the Group G sides squared off at the Jinnah Stadium in Islamabad in the second round of the Asian qualifiers for the 2026 FIFA World Cup.

Last month, the Pakistan men’s football team beat Cambodia 1-0 on Tuesday to win their first ever FIFA World Cup qualifier in Islamabad. Pakistan subsequently lost 4-0 to Saudi Arabia in the second round.

On Tuesday, Tajikistan’s Amadoni Kamolov netted the first goal in the ninth-minute courtesy of a minor deflection from Abdullah Iqbal. Within five minutes, the visitors doubled their lead with yet another strike from outside the box. Rustam Soirov made it impossible for Pakistan’s Yousuf Butt to save the shot from touching the net.

Rahis Nabi, Pakistan’s midfielder, gave the home crowd much-needed hope to get back in the game with a stunning goal at 21st minute — which ended up as the only goal from the hosting side — followed by a gritty defensive performance to hold Tajikistan to a goalless stalemate until halftime.

Pakistan continued to suffer in the second half, ending the game with 1-6. Pakistan are currently at 193rd position with 864.84 points on the FIFA Men’s World Ranking, while Tajikistan are on the 109th spot.

Pakistan will now face their Group G opponents Jordan next year on March 21, 2024. A total of 36 teams, grouped into nine groups, four teams each, are competing to progress through to the third round.

The top two from each group from the second round will head into the third round, where 18 nations will be split into three groups of six. From there, the top two of each group will secure their spot at FIFA World Cup 26.

       Follow
Topics: PAKISTAN TAJIKISTAN WORLD CUP FOOTBALL FOOTBALL WORLD CUP WORLD CUP QUALIFIER FIFA
RELATED
Al-Shehri the star as Saudis defeat Pakistan to kick off World Cup qualification campaign
SPECIAL
VIDEO
Pakistan beat Cambodia 1-0 to win first ever FIFA World Cup qualifier
Year of welcome surprises generated by World Test Championship
Despite certain flaws, the WTC has been one of ICC’s best initiatives, encapsulating Test cricket’s unpredictability
Updated 02 January 2025
JON PIKE
January 02, 2025 20:48
     

LONDON: There have been encouraging signs for lovers of Test cricket toward the end 2024. This is just as well because the T20 franchise season is almost upon us. There are those who are convinced that the T20 format is the only way of the future, but this seems disrespectful of the game’s oldest format.

One factor that seems to have assisted Test cricket was the creation of the World Test Championship by the International Cricket Council.

It comprises nine of the 12 ICC full members and is played on a two-year cycle. The first one, 2019-2021, was interrupted by COVID-19, with New Zealand beating India in the final. India also reached the final of the 2021-2023 cycle, but Australia triumphed. The WTC provides a framework for Test cricket by which teams are rated on the basis of results. The concept was first mooted as far back as 1996. It took until 2010 for agreement to be reached on its structure but was shelved in 2013 due to financial considerations. 

The eventual tournament structure consists of 69 matches played between the nine teams across 27 series. Each team plays six series, three at home and three away, with each series containing two to five Test matches. The two teams with the highest number of points progress to the final. 

Critics point to severe flaws in this structure. International cricket’s packed calendar means that not all teams play long series. Logistical challenges are too great to overcome to allow a home-and-away format. India and Pakistan do not play each other, while Test cricket is not financially viable outside of Australia, England and India.

It is quite an achievement, therefore, that South Africa is the first team to qualify for the final, which will be played in June, 2025, at Lords. This was achieved via six two-Test series against India, West Indies, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, New Zealand and Pakistan. The last of these is currently in play against Pakistan. The first match was laden with drama. South Africa’s cricketing history contains many near misses and self-induced disasters, including the 2024 T20 World Cup final. Needing 30 runs from 30 deliveries, with six wickets in hand, South Africa lost by seven runs.     

Another disaster seemed a distinct possibility at Centurion Park, Pretoria. Requiring only 148 for victory, South Africa slumped to 99 for eight in the face of superb fast bowling by Pakistan. Then, Kagiso Rabada, batting at number ten and Marco Jansen, batting at eight, shared a 51-run partnership to secure victory. Celebrations, no doubt tinged with relief, erupted. Sadly, there were few people there to witness the event.

This was not the case in Melbourne, where an equally thrilling Test match was won by Australia when India collapsed in the final session of the final day. Requiring 340 to win, India seemed to have set out to draw the match. At tea, the strategy looked to be working, India reaching 122 from three in 54 overs. A carelessly given-away wicket sparked the loss of seven wickets for 30 runs. Over the five days, the Test had been watched by 373,691 spectators, a new record for a Test match in Australia.

Australia’s captain, Pat Cummins, was awarded player of the match for his performance with both ball and bat. His leadership qualities seem to know no bounds. His opposite number, Rohit Sharma, had a disappointing match. It is likely for both him and Virat Kohli to be the last series that they play in Australia. The team’s chances of making the WTC final are also fading.

Two months ago, it looked like Australia and India would be the two to reach the final. Now, it is Australia whose chances are the brightest. After a fifth Test against India next week, they have a two-match series against Sri Lanka to navigate. India’s cause was dealt a blow in a surprising twist of fate. After being beaten on tour in August in an ODI series by Sri Lanka for the first time in 27 years, the Test team lost all three matches to New Zealand in October. This ended India’s 12-year unbeaten run in Tests at home. It has not been an auspicious start to Gautam Gambhir’s term as full-time head coach.   

In the race to join South Africa in the WTC final, Australia is in second place in the standings and India is third. The standings are calculated on the basis of the percentage of points won out of the total number of points contested. Twelve points are awarded for a win, a tie draw earns six points, a draw earns four, while points are deducted for slow-over rates. Australia’s percentage of points won is 61.46, while India’s is 52.78.   

Australia requires one win from three remaining Tests — India at home and Sri Lanka away — to reach the final. India must win the final Test of their series against Australia and then rely on Sri Lanka to beat or draw with Australia. Sri Lanka has its own slim hopes. If the fifth Test between Australia and India ends in a draw and Sri Lanka wins both Tests against Australia at home, it will secure a place in the final.

A South Africa v Sri Lanka WTC final would be a major surprise and would probably lead to more concentrated criticism of the championship. In South Africa’s case, it would reopen accusations that it has disrespected Test cricket by sending a weakened squad to New Zealand in early 2024. This was because the top players were required to play in the SA T20 domestic tournament. South Africa’s defense is that, because Test cricket does not make money, the board had little option to develop another income stream.

It is impossible to know if the prospect of appearing in the WTC final affected player and team performance in the two exciting matches that have just concluded. The final matches of the cycle may yet generate more tension. Despite its flaws, the WTC has been one of governing body’s best initiatives, encapsulating Test cricket’s unpredictability.

       Follow
Topics: JON PIKE CRICKET COLUMN CRICKET ICC WORLD TEST CHAMPIONSHIP
RELATED
Cricket’s imbalanced financial structure continues to favor handful of powerful nations
Cricket’s corruption problem remains an ongoing concern
Milan boss says injuries will be ‘no excuse’ for not performing in Italian Super Cup
The Italian Super Cup is taking place in Saudi Arabia for a fifth time
Updated 02 January 2025
ARAB NEWS
January 02, 2025 19:57
     

RIYADH: AC Milan head coach Sergio Conceicao said on Thursday that injuries and a short training window will not be “an excuse” for his side ahead of their Italian Super Cup semi-final against Juventus on Friday.

Speaking at the pre-match press conference in Riyadh, the Portuguese underlined the importance of delivering a top-level performance and taking full advantage of opportunities to secure a spot in the final.

“I would have liked more days to work and more players available, but when I arrived I already knew about this situation,” he said.

“So there are no excuses, heads up. There are still two training sessions to go, we are preparing the match to be incisive, without having too much information in our heads, to try to win.

“Milan is a great club, and its rightful place is at the top. Everyone must work hard to bring joy to our fans in Italy and worldwide. We need to play with offensive aggression against Juventus, aiming to break their defense with teamwork rather than relying on individual players,” he added.

The Italian Super Cup is taking place in Saudi Arabia for a fifth time, and all three matches will be played at the King Saud University Stadium in the capital.

Conceicao said that he was confident in his team’s defensive strength, and dismissed any emotional distraction from the fact that his son, Francisco, will be playing for the opposing team.

“We have a huge responsibility which is defending the colours of one of the most historical clubs in football. We have a strong fan base, not only here but also elsewhere globally and we will do our best to make our supporters happy and proud,” he said.

“We have to play aggressively against Juventus. Our goal is to penetrate Juventus’ defence as a complete team, not by relying on individual players.

“Having my son on the opposing team won’t affect me. My goal is clear: to win like I do in any other match. There is no place for feelings on the field,” he added.

He also said that he and his team had received “a warm welcome in Saudi Arabia,” and thanked organizers for that.

The growth of football in Saudi Arabia – where some 80 percent of the population either play, attend, or follow the game – has been noticed across the globe, and Conceicao praised the passion for football in the Kingdom.

“There are many Portuguese players and coaches here in Saudi. It’s a league that is growing a lot and quickly. We can literally feel the passion for football and the will to grow. Many important players are contributing to this evolution,” he said.

French goalkeeper Mike Maignan echoed his coach’s determination and stressed the importance of following tactical instructions and giving their best to meet the expectations of the fans.

Juventus head coach Thiago Motta, meanwhile, emphasized the importance of small details in determining the outcome of the match. He acknowledged the challenges of the knockout format, calling on his team to demonstrate their style and character.

“Our players are eager to compete at the highest level,” Motta said. “The support of our fans will provide a crucial boost in achieving our goals.”

       Follow
Topics: FOOTBALL SOCCER SAUDI ARABIA ITALIAN SUPER CUP AC MILAN JUVENTUS
RELATED
37th Italian Super Cup kicks off in Riyadh
Saudi Arabia hosts Italy’s football giants for Italian Super Cup
Al-Ittihad back on top as club mark 97 years of glory
Saudi Arabia’s oldest club head the Saudi Pro League table as they celebrate 97th birthday
Updated 02 January 2025
ALI KHALED AND JOHN DUERDEN
January 02, 2025 15:30
     

DUBAI/LONDON: It is fitting that as Al-Ittihad celebrate their 97th anniversary this month, the Jeddah giants are sitting on top of the Saudi Pro League.

The past is impressive. The club was founded on Jan. 4, 1927, and is one of the oldest in Asia. Not only that, but Al-Ittihad are set to join the Club of Pioneers, a global network of historic teams headed by Sheffield FC, the oldest football club in the world that was set up in 1857.

“We are very proud to be the first Arabic country to join the Club of Pioneers on our 97th year anniversary and celebrating our great achievements as the first Saudi Football club. And we look forward to our 100 years and beyond,” Dania Al-Maeena, CEO of Al-Ittihad’s nonprofit organization, told Arab News.

Now they join the likes of Wrexham of Wales, Genoa of Italy and Royal Antwerp of Belgium to become the 32nd member.

The first silverware came all the way back in 1958 with the King’s Cup and Crown Prince’s Cup, starting to fill a trophy cabinet that has become much more packed over the decades.

Fans had to wait until 1982 to celebrate a league championship. Eight more have followed. The most recent came in 2023 when Al-Ittihad were very impressive on their way to lift the title once more and for the first time since 2009.

Any club with such domestic success want to challenge internationally, and the team in yellow and black have done just that. In 1999, fans celebrated the Asian Cup Winners Cup. The big prize, however, was always the AFC Champions League and in that competition, Ittihad have made history.

In 2004, the Red Sea club lost the first leg of the final at home, 3-1 to South Korea’s Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma. Heading into the return game, nobody gave the Saudi Arabians a chance. Yet, in perhaps the most stunning result in the history of Asian club football, Al-Ittihad shocked an expectant home crowd and the continent, by winning 5-0 to take the trophy.

If that was impressive, then so was the following year, as the club were head and shoulders above the rest. In those days, the defending champions joined the competition at the quarterfinal stage.

There was an 8-3 aggregate win over China’s Shandong Luneng and then a 7-0 thrashing of South Korea’s Busan I’Park in the semifinal. The final against 2003 champions Al-Ain of the UAE was a tougher task, but it ended in a 5-3 win over two legs. No team had previously successfully defended the Asian Champions League title.

At the time, the rest of the continent feared a dynasty being established. That did not happen but Al-Ittihad are one of Asia’s biggest and most popular clubs. Joining 50,000 fans at the King Abdullah Sports City is an unforgettable football experience.

None of this is to say that the best days are in the past. As the club enter their 97th year in existence, they are in a very healthy state indeed.

In 2023, the club ended a 14-year wait for a Saudi Pro League title, and though last season did not see a repeat performance, French coach Laurent Blanc has settled extremely well since joining in July.

He has stars including Karim Benzema, N’Golo Kante, Fabinho and Moussa Diaby at his disposal. There is also impressive domestic talent in the form of Saleh Al-Shehri, Abdulelah Al-Amri, Hassan Kadesh and many others.

The future is looking bright. After ending 2024 with nine successive league wins, they are two points clear at the top of the Saudi Pro League. There is still a long way to go but Al-Ittihad are fit for the journey.

       Follow
Topics: AL-ITTIHAD
RELATED
Al-Ittihad celebrates induction into Club of Pioneers
Al-Ittihad down Al-Nassr at the death to stay top of SPL table
Al-Ittihad celebrates induction into Club of Pioneers
Updated 02 January 2025
SALEH FAREED
January 02, 2025 14:26
     

JEDDAH: Jeddah’s Al-Ittihad Football Club has been inducted into an illustrious network of the oldest football clubs in the world.

It comes as the club celebrates 97 years since its founding with a special ceremony on Jan. 2, held at the Abadi theater in Jeddah.

The event is hosted under the auspices of the National Calendar of Events of Jeddah Governorate, and will include a special tribute to Al-Ittihad’s late honorary president, Prince Talal bin Mansour.

As part of the evening, Al-Ittihad fans will learn more about their club’s proud history in an exhibition. There will also be musical performances by renowned Gulf artists Hussain Al-Jassmi from UAE and Fahad Al-Kubaisi from Qatar.

Al-Ittihad, the first and oldest football club in Saudi Arabia, will receive membership to the Club of Pioneers during the event.

It is the first Saudi, Arab and Gulf club to obtain membership in the network that brings together the oldest football clubs in the world.

The Club of Pioneers was founded in 2013 by Sheffield FC, the first and oldest association football club in the world. It has 32 members from countries including India, Chile, Japan, South Africa and now Saudi Arabia.

Speaking to Arab News, Loay Mashabi, chairman of the Al-Ittihad board, expressed his pride at the induction: “Today, as we celebrate our 97th anniversary, we take immense pride in being the oldest sports club in Saudi Arabia, standing alongside pioneers like Sheffield FC. Our legacy reflects the spirit of Jeddah — vibrant, resilient and deeply rooted in history.”

He added: “This milestone inspires us to honor our past while shaping the future of football in the Kingdom and the region. As we look toward our centennial, we reaffirm our commitment to excellence, aligning with Vision 2030 and showcasing Saudi Arabia as a global leader in sports.”

Al-Ittihad’s former captain, Mohammed Noor, said: “Al-Ittihad fans should be proud of their club and our heritage is important for our path forward. Our team has accomplished many achievements and titles, and I am proud to be part of it.”

On X, Sheffield FC, founder of the Club of Pioneers, welcomed Al-Ittihad into the network.

There are more than 172 football clubs in Saudi Arabia, with Al-Ittihad, the first, founded in 1927.

The club has won nine Saudi League titles, nine King’s Cups and eight Crown Prince Cups to date. It holds 48 official championship wins.

As well as domestic success, the club has a storied regional and Asian record, including back-to-back AFC Champions League titles, and Asian Cup Winners’ Cup, GCC Champions League and Arab Champions League titles.

       Follow
Topics: SPORT SAUDI ARABIA FOOTBALL JEDDAH
RELATED
5 talking points from Saudi Arabia’s Gulf Cup exit
Djokovic cruises past Monfils as rising stars impress in Brisbane
Djokovic cruises past Monfils as rising stars impress in Brisbane
Novak Djokovic was in imperious form as he demolished Gael Monfils 6-3, 6-3 to reach the quarter-finals of the Brisbane International on Thursday, with the Australian Open just over a week away
Updated 02 January 2025
AFP
January 02, 2025 10:31
     

BRISBANE: Novak Djokovic was in imperious form as he demolished Gael Monfils 6-3, 6-3 to reach the quarter-finals of the Brisbane International on Thursday, with the Australian Open just over a week away.
On a day when rising stars Mirra Andreeva and Giovanni Mpetshi Perricard underlined their potential, Djokovic cruised past fellow veteran Monfils in 72 minutes.
Djokovic and Monfils played an entertaining match, but the 37-year-old Serb was always in control as he notched his 20th straight win over the Frenchman.
Former world number one Djokovic next plays giant American Reilly Opelka.
“We’ve been playing a long time, I’ve known Gael since I was 15 and he was 16,” said Djokovic, who is pursuing a record 25th Grand Slam singles title when the Australian Open begins on January 12.
“I’ve had a good score against him over the years but we’ve had some incredible battles on different surfaces.
“Hopefully we can play some more before we both retire.”
The 17-year-old Russian Andreeva demolished Linda Noskova 6-3, 6-0 in the women’s draw while Mpetshi Perricard downed fourth-seeded American Frances Tiafoe 6-4, 7-6 (7/4) to reach the men’s quarter-finals.
A year after losing to the same player at the season-opening event, Andreeva displayed her improvement over 2024 with a 63-minute romp over the Czech Republic’s Noskova.
The teenager faces Ons Jabeur of Tunisia in the last eight.
“Last year she (Noskova) almost killed me in the quarter-finals so I was thinking it’s time to take my revenge,” Andreeva said.
The Russian started the year ranked 16th in the world and is tipped by many to challenge for a Grand Slam in 2025.
“My number one goal for the 2025 season is to crack the top 10,” said Andreeva, who is coached by former Wimbledon champion Conchita Martinez.
The towering Mpetshi Perricard, 21, who beat Australian Nick Kyrgios in an entertaining round-one clash, again served superbly to defeat US Open semifinalist Tiafoe.
After serving 36 aces in his three-set win over Kyrgios, the Frenchman sent down another 20 against the more experienced Tiafoe.
Mpetshi Perricard faces the 19-year-old Czech Jakub Mensik next.
“It was a good match, not very easy to play against Francis,” Mpetshi Perricard said.
“The first set was very tight on serve but I managed to put some pressure on his second serve and it worked.”

       Follow
Topics: DJOKOVIC BRISBANE
RELATED
Arsenal moves up to 2nd place in Premier League with 3-1 win over Brentford
SPONSORED
Chinese delivery app Keeta launches in Jeddah with exclusive offers
Latest Updates
Pakistan warns of Internet disruptions due to fault in submarine cable near Qatar
Pakistan government, Imran Khan’s party to resume talks next week to break political deadlock
Ousted Syrian president Bashar Assad poisoned in Moscow — report
Pakistan Navy flotilla arrives in Iran, holds bilateral passage exercise
Turkish group bids below minimum fee for Islamabad Airport operations
Recommended
MIDDLE-EAST
How two civilian deaths highlighted the tragic toll of Middle East conflict
WORLD
How questions of sovereignty and security are fueling instability in the Sahel
MIDDLE-EAST
2024 Year in Review: Gaza’s unfinished humanitarian catastrophe
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.pk/node/2412441/sport 
 ----- 
