Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
UEFA Nations League 2024-25
Hungary vs Bosnia and Herzegovina Prediction and Betting Tips | September 10th 2024
Hungary vs Bosnia and Herzegovina Prediction and Betting Tips | September 10th 2024
By
Soyoye Jedidiah
Modified Sep 08, 2024 19:03 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Hungary will face Bosnia and Herzegovina - Source: Getty

Hungary will face Bosnia and Herzegovina at the Puskas Arena on Tuesday in another round of their 2024-25 UEFA Nations League campaign. The home side endured perhaps the worst possible start to their Nations League campaign and now find themselves rock-bottom in Group 3.

They were thrashed 5-0 by Germany at the Merkur Spiel-Arena in their group opener on Saturday, heading into the break a goal down before conceding a further four goals after the restart to record their heaviest defeat in over a decade.

Bosnia and Herzegovina have endured a difficult start to life under Sergej Barbarez and continue to search for their first win under the new boss. They were beaten 5-2 by the Netherlands in their opening game and were perhaps fortunate not to have lost by an even larger margin as they were repeatedly carved apart by their opponents.

Trending

The visitors sit third in Group 3 with zero points and will be looking to shake off their latest results and kick-start their continental campaign this week.

Hungary vs Bosnia and Herzegovina Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
Tuesday's game will mark the fifth meeting between Hungary and Bosnia. The home side are undefeated in all four of their previous matchups, picking up two wins and two draws.
The two teams last faced off in a European Championship qualifying clash back in September 2007 which Magyarok won 1-0 via a first-half strike from former Fulham man Zoltan Gera.
The visitors are without a clean sheet in all four of their games in this fixture.
Hungary were ranked 31st in the latest FIFA rankings and now sit 44 places above their midweek opponents.
Hungary vs Bosnia and Herzegovina Prediction

Hungary have lost three of their last four games after losing just one of their previous 16. They are undefeated on home soil since September 2022 and will head into the midweek clash as clear favorites.

Bosnia have lost their last seven games on the bounce and 12 of their last 15 across all competitions. They have lost their last four games on the road and could see defeat here as well.

Prediction: Hungary 3-1 Bosnia and Herzegovina

Hungary vs Bosnia and Herzegovina Betting Tips

Tip 1 - Result: Hungary to win

Tip 2 - Goals - Over/under 2.5 - Over 2.5 goals (Six of the visitors' last seven matches have produced more than 2.5 goals)

Tip 3 - Both teams to score: YES (Both sides have found the back of the net in three of their previous four matchups)

Quick Links

UEFA Nations League 2024-25 Bosnia and Herzegovina Football Hungary Football Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/hungary-vs-bosnia-herzegovina-prediction-betting-tips-september-10th-2024 
 ----- 
