UTAH JAZZ

Kessler, George Play Well, Jazz Drop To 0-6 With Nuggets Loss

Nov 3, 2024, 12:05 AM | Updated: 12:07 am

(Photo by Dustin Bradford/Getty Images)

Share 

BY BEN ANDERSON




Utah Jazz Insider

SALT LAKE CITY – The Utah Jazz opened their four-game road trip with a 129-103 loss to the Denver Nuggets.

Walker Kessler led the Jazz with 18 points in 29 minutes.

Nikola Jokic nearly recorded a triple-double with 27 points, 16 rebounds, and nine assists.

Is Walker Kessler Back?

After back-to-back solid, but unspectacular games, Kessler posted his best stat line of the season recording 18 points, 14 rebounds, and five blocks against the Nuggets.

It’s the fourth time in his career that the 23-year-old center has scored at least 15 points, grabbed at least 10 rebounds, and blocked at least five shots.

Kessler did it twice as a rookie, failed to do it in 64 appearances as a sophomore, but has now done it twice in six games this season.

Tonight is the fourth time Walker Kessler has recorded 15 points, 10 rebounds, and five blocks in his career.

But, he’s now done it twice in the last six games.

— Ben Anderson (@BensHoops) November 3, 2024

One of the major questions the Jazz need to answer this season is whether Kessler is the team’s center of the future, or better suited in the backup role he played last year.

Through six games in the starting lineup, the results have been positive.

Kessler is averaging career highs with 9.6 points, 11.1 rebounds, and 3.0 blocks while shooting a personal-best 63 percent from the free-throw line.

the big fella never stops battling 🫡 pic.twitter.com/X8ZF9Vgj9V

— Utah Jazz (@utahjazz) November 3, 2024

He’s also been either the best, or the second-best player on the floor in three of the team’s six outings, and hasn’t let tough outings or match-ups derail his momentum.

Kessler is far from a proven player, but with a zero sitting in the win column, the Jazz will celebrate any positives they can, and so far this season, the center’s development has been a much-needed victory.

Keyonte George Has Best Game Of The Season

Keyonte George had been in a rough shooting slump to start the year, but may have finally found a light at the end of the tunnel in Denver.

The second-year Jazz guard was shooting 28 percent from the floor and 20 percent from three entering Saturday’s contest, but left Ball Arena having knocked down 6-14 shots overall including 4-11 from three.

Overshadowed by his poor three-point shooting numbers is George’s success on two-point shots in recent games.

Including his performance in Denver, the guard is shooting 12-22 on twos over his last four games.

Meanwhile, he’s just 8-37 from three.

another night in double figures and a season high in threes for Key 🔑

(not to mention the buzzer beater) 🚨#TakeNote presented by @ZionsBank pic.twitter.com/xUcruf92Xe

— Utah Jazz (@utahjazz) November 3, 2024

That’s good for 54 percent inside the arc, a significant improvement from the 46 percent he shot as a rookie.

Despite his success on twos, 57 percent of George’s field goal attempts have been from three, an increase from the 53 percent he shot as a rookie.

With George’s shooting splits last season, it made sense to shoot more threes than twos.

This year, the math isn’t adding up.

The Jazz guard’s most recent four-game stretch is too small of a sample size to draw any long-term conclusions, but until he consistently knocks down threes like he did against the Nuggets, he’d benefit from shooting more twos.

Regardless, George’s 16-point, eight assist, two turnover night against the Nuggets was a welcome sign for the Jazz.

Utah Jazz Next Broadcast

The Jazz will travel to face the Chicago Bulls at 6:30 p.m. MST on Monday. The game will be televised on KJZZ, streamed on Jazz+, and heard on 97.5 The KSL Sports Zone.

Are you on Threads yet? Let’s connect, give us a follow @kslsports.

Download the new & improved KSL Sports app from Utah’s sports leader. You can stream live radio, and video and stay up to date on all of your favorite teams.

Ben Anderson is the Utah Jazz insider for KSL Sports and the co-host of Jake and Ben from 10-12p with Jake Scott on 97.5 The KSL Sports Zone. Find Ben on Twitter at @BensHoops or on Instagram @BensHoops.

Share 
Utah Jazz Scoreboard
Utah Jazz Team Leaders
Utah Jazz Standings
Utah Jazz

Ben Anderson

Heat Get Revenge, Beat Jazz In Utah

5 hours ago

Chandler Holt

Isaiah Collier Ties Career-High In Assists Against Miami Heat

6 hours ago

Ben Anderson and Chandler Holt

Cold Fourth Quarter Results In Another Home Loss For Jazz Against Heat

6 hours ago

Brian Preece

Sharpshooting Lauri Markkanen Leading Jazz Against Miami

7 hours ago

Ben Anderson

Jazz Down Several Key Players As They Host Heat

14 hours ago

Ben Anderson

Jazz Fall To Hawks On Trae Young Half Court Heave

2 days ago

Sponsored Articles

Northern Utah High School Basketball Players of the Week – Week 1

Salt Lake County High School Basketball Players of the Week – Week 2

Utah County High School Basketball Players of the Week – Week 2

Salt Lake County High School Basketball Players of the Week – Week 1

Utah County High School Basketball Players of the Week – Week 1

Northern Utah High School Player of the Week – Week 15
Kessler, George Play Well, Jazz Drop To 0-6 With Nuggets Loss

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Email Story
ADVERTISE
CONTACT US
CAREERS WITH BONNEVILLE
FOLLOW ON FACEBOOK
FOLLOW ON TWITTER
ARIZONASPORTS.COM | DENVERSPORTS.COM | KSLSPORTS.COM | SACTOWNSPORTS.COM | SEATTLESPORTS.COM
AIM DIGITAL AGENCY
© 2025 BONNEVILLE INTERNATIONAL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY | DO NOT SELL MY DATA
EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT | COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT | LICENSING
FCC APPLICATIONS | FCC PUBLIC FILE: KSL-TV FCC PUBLIC FILE | CLOSED CAPTIONING ASSISTANCE
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc.. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kslsports.com/529808/jazz-loss-nuggets-11-2-24/ 
 ----- 
