MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Paul George returns from knee injury to make 76ers debut, scoring 15 points in loss to Suns
Updated Nov. 5, 2024 1:33 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

PHOENIX (AP) — Paul George is back, this time with the Philadelphia 76ers.

He scored 15 points in his return from a left knee injury Monday night, and called his performance “rusty.”

“The good thing about it is I was able to go out there and compete, free of any thoughts of my body holding up. I felt completely fine," George said after playing 32 minutes in a 118-116 loss to the Phoenix Suns.

George was 4 of 14 from the field, missing a potential tying basket in the closing seconds — and he said after the game he thought the 76ers were down one point instead of two. He was in early foul trouble and didn't score in the first quarter, and committed seven of Philadelphia's 14 turnovers.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

But he got going and finished with five rebounds and four assists.

“As the game was going, I felt great,” the nine-time All-Star said. “My knee was better than expected. I wanted to play through that, build the endurance up, help me through the next couple of games.”

The 34-year-old George signed a four-year, $212 million contract with Philadelphia after five seasons for the Los Angeles Clippers.

Before the game, 76ers coach Nick Nurse said center Joel Embiid, who also has not played due to a sore left knee, Nurse said, “He is doing a little bit better, making steps in the right direction.” The coach added that the 7-foot center will be re-evaluated Tuesday. Philadelphia’s next game is Wednesday night in Los Angeles against the Clippers.

___

Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
50+ Cat Breeds - Wooden Puzzles Prices Start At $5.99
Prices start at $5.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
2024 NFL Week 18 Pick 'Em: Predictions for FOX Super 6 by Chris 'The Bear' Fallica
Enter the free NFL Week 18 Super 6 Contest for a chance to win cash prizes! And if you need help with your picks, Chris "The Bear" Fallica has you covered!

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Philadelphia 76ers
National Basketball Association
Paul George
Paul George
LA Clippers
Philadelphia 76ers
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/paul-george-returns-from-knee-injury-to-make-76ers-debut-scoring-15-points-in-loss-to-suns 
 ----- 
