MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Kevin Durant lifts Suns past Philadelphia 118-116, spoiling Paul George's 76ers debut
Published Nov. 5, 2024 12:52 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

PHOENIX (AP) — Kevin Durant broke a tie on a driving layup with 24 seconds left and the Phoenix Suns beat Philadelphia 118-116 on Monday night, spoiling Paul George's 76ers debut.

After missing the first five games of the season because of a bone bruise in his left knee, George had 15 points, five rebounds and four assists in 32 minutes. He was 4 of 14 from the field and missed a shot that would have tied it in the final seconds.

Durant scored 35 points to lead Phoenix to its fifth straight victory. Bradley Beal had 17 points, Jusuf Nurkic had 15 points and 15 rebounds.

Tyrese Maxey, who entered Monday averaging 29.8 points with George and All-Star center Joel Embiid sidelined, had 32 points to lead Philadelphia. Maxey was 12 of 22 from the field, 6 of 14 from 3-point range.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Guerschon Yabusele had 19 points, six rebounds and six assists off the bench for Philadelphia, which fell to 1-5. Kyle Lowry scored 13 points, all in the first half, and Kelly Oubre Jr. had 11 points before fouling out.

TAKEAWAYS

76ers: George started slowly and was in foul trouble in the first half, but scored 10 points in the second quarter as he began to blend in with his new team.

Suns: Beal was questionable to play with a recurring problem in his right elbow that caused him to miss two games last week. He had five rebounds.

KEY MOMENT

Grab Workout Ready Drinkwa...
Crush your goals, not your gear.
YETI|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
North Charleston: Wooden Puzzles - Closing Sale - 85% Off
Prices start at $4.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
NFL Playoffs Briefing: Case for new seeding system; NFC wild-card games analysis
What would the current playoffs look like under a new seeding system? Exploring that and previewing this weekend's NFC wild-card matchups.

Durant’s basket with 24 seconds to play decided the game.

KEY STAT

Devin Booker missed all six of his 3-point attempts and was 3 of 18 from the field. The Suns All-Star was 7 for 7 from the free-throw line to finish with 13 points.

UP NEXT

Both teams play again Wednesday night. The 76ers are at the Los Angeles Clippers, while the Suns host Miami.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Philadelphia 76ers
Phoenix Suns
Kevin Durant
National Basketball Association
Paul George
Joel Embiid
Tyrese Maxey
Jusuf Nurkic
Bradley Beal
Paul George
Kevin Durant
Philadelphia 76ers
Phoenix Suns
NBA - Philadelphia 76ers vs. Phoenix Suns - 11/05/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/kevin-durant-lifts-suns-past-philadelphia-118116-spoiling-paul-georges-76ers-debut 
 ----- 
