MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Jayson Tatum's big first half leads Celtics to 123-93 rout of Hawks
Updated Nov. 4, 2024 9:52 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

ATLANTA (AP) — Jayson Tatum scored 26 of his 28 points in the first half, and the Boston Celtics routed the Atlanta Hawks 123-93 on Monday night for their third straight win.

Tatum also had nine assists and six rebounds and did not play in the fourth quarter with the Celtics comfortably in front.

Hawks guard Trae Young left the game in the third quarter with a right rib strain. He was 1 for 10 from the floor and finished with two points and six assists in 23 minutes.

Derrick White had 21 points and six assists for Boston. Payton Pritchard scored 18 points off the bench.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

The Celtics lost both games in Atlanta last season, blowing a 30-point lead in one game and losing the other in overtime.

The Celtics have won 16 straight when Jaylen Brown does not play. Brown has missed the last two games with a left hip flexor strain.

Takeaways

Celtics: At 7-1, the Celtics are off to their best start since 2019-20, when they started 10-1. They wrapped up a four-game road trip at 3-1, with the loss coming in overtime at Indiana.

Hawks: Jalen Johnson continues to take a step forward after a slow start to the season with 20 points and 11 rebounds, giving him over 20 points in four of his last five games.

Get a Balance Transfer Card Now & Pay 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
North Charleston: Wooden Puzzles - Closing Sale - 85% Off
Prices start at $4.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
2024 NFL Week 18 Pick 'Em: Predictions for FOX Super 6 by Chris 'The Bear' Fallica
Enter the free NFL Week 18 Super 6 Contest for a chance to win cash prizes! And if you need help with your picks, Chris "The Bear" Fallica has you covered!
Key moment

The Celtics went on a 19-4 run to close the second quarter, pushing a seven-point lead to 22. Tatum and White had seven points each during the run. The Hawks were never within 19 points in the second half.

Key stat

The Celtics hit 18 3-pointers, including 15 in the first half, and outscored the Hawks 54-18 from behind the 3-point line. The Hawks entered the game allowing an NBA-worst 41.4% shooting from deep.

Up next

The Celtics return home to face the Warriors on Wednesday, and the Hawks will host the Knicks on Wednesday.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Jayson Tatum
Boston Celtics
National Basketball Association
Atlanta Hawks
Jaylen Brown
Payton Pritchard
Derrick White
Trae Young
Jayson Tatum
Boston Celtics
Atlanta Hawks
NBA - Boston Celtics vs. Atlanta Hawks - 11/05/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/jayson-tatums-big-first-half-leads-celtics-to-12393-rout-of-hawks 
 ----- 
