MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Tatum scores 33, Pritchard has six points in OT to lead Celtics to 108-104 win over Nets
Updated Nov. 8, 2024 10:31 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

BOSTON (AP) — Jayson Tatum had 33 points and nine rebounds, Payton Pritchard scored six points in overtime and the Boston Celtics beat the Brooklyn Nets 108-104 on Friday night.

Pritchard finished with 20 points. Jrue Holiday added 17 points and five assists, and Derrick White scored 14 and had six assists for the Celtics (8-2).

Cam Thomas reached 30 points for the fourth time this season, finishing with 31 to lead the Nets (4-5). Dennis Schroder added 20 points.

Cameron Johnson was fouled by Tatum after missing a wide open 3-point attempt in the closing seconds of regulation but grabbed his own miss. He calmly sank two free throws, tying it at 94 with 7.6 seconds to play.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Tatum front-rimmed a 3 as time expired, sending it to OT.

Boston guard Jaylen Brown missed his fourth straight game with a strained left hip flexor, center Luke Kornet was also out because of right hamstring tightness.

Takeaways

Nets: Coach Jordi Fernandez talked before the game that it was going to be “exciting because they like to run, too,” so they slowed Boston by picking up defensively deep in the backcourt most of the game.

Celtics: Coming off their first home loss of the season Wednesday night against Golden State, the Celtics saw another team that limited the 3-point line and delated their offensive sets. The fast break was Boston's remedy, as the Celtics outscored the Nets 20-10 in transition.

Get a Balance Transfer Card Now & Pay 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Go The Extra Miles
Extend your journey with gear that can take on any terrain.
YETI|Sponsored
FOX Super 6 contest: Geoff Schwartz's College Football Playoff semifinal picks
Enter the free Super 6 Contest featuring the CFP semifinals for a chance to win cash prizes! And don't worry — Geoff Schwartz is here to help with your picks.
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Key moment

Leading 105-102, Boston forced the Nets into a shot-clock violation before Pritchard was fouled on the other end and hit two free throws.

Key stat

The Celtics were held below its league-leading average of 19 3-pointers made per game. They ended up shooting 14 for 53 from deep, but the Nets only made 10 3s.

Up next

The Nets are at the Cavaliers on Saturday night, and Boston is at Milwaukee on Sunday.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Jayson Tatum
Brooklyn Nets
Boston Celtics
National Basketball Association
Jaylen Brown
Dennis Schröder
Cam Thomas
Derrick White
Jrue Holiday
Payton Pritchard
Jayson Tatum
Boston Celtics
Brooklyn Nets
NBA - Brooklyn Nets vs. Boston Celtics - 11/09/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/tatum-scores-33-pritchard-has-six-points-in-ot-to-lead-celtics-to-108104-win-over-nets 
 ----- 
