Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Barcelona beat Real Madrid
NFL playoff
Maha Kumbh Mela
Jack Smith resigns
SPORTS
Pavin Smith homers in first 3 at-bats, has 8 RBIs in Diamondbacks’ 12-6 win over Astros
1 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Pavin Smith celebrates after his three-run home run against the Houston Astros during the second inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

2 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Pavin Smith watches his grand slam against the Houston Astros during the third inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

3 of 10 |  

Houston Astros starting pitcher Justin Verlander walks to the dugout after completing the top of the third inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

4 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Pavin Smith, right, celebrates after his three-run home run against the Houston Astros with Eugenio Suarez during the second inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

5 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Pavin Smith celebrates after his grand slam against the Houston Astros during the third inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

6 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Pavin Smith, right, celebrates after his grand slam against the Houston Astros during the third inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

7 of 10 |  

Houston Astros starting pitcher Justin Verlander reacts after giving up a grand slam to Arizona Diamondbacks’ Pavin Smith during the third inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

8 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Pavin Smith, right, celebrates after his three-run home run against the Houston Astros with third base coach Tony Perezchica during the second inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

9 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Randal Grichuk, left, Jake McCarthy, center, and Corbin Carroll celebrate the team’s win over the Houston Astros in a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

10 of 10 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Ryne Nelson throws against the Houston Astros during the first inning of a baseball game, Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)

BY  ADAM SPOLANE
Updated 4:49 AM UTC, September 9, 2024
Share

HOUSTON (AP) — Pavin Smith homered in first three at-bats for his first multi-home run game and drove in a career-high eight runs, helping the Arizona Diamondbacks rout the Houston Astros 12-6 on Sunday night to end a three-game losing streak.

Smith became the second Diamondback with a three-homer game this season, with Eugenio Suárez doing it against Washington on July 30. J.D. Martinez set the Arizona record with four home runs at Los Angeles on Sept. 4, 2017.

“It was a great day for Pavin,” Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said. “Pavin can hit. We always feel comfortable with his at-bats, his ability to come in the lineup after not playing for a couple of days and be able to barrel up the baseball.”

Smith fell an RBI shy of the Arizona record set by Erubiel Durazo in 2002. Chris Iannetta also had eight RBIs for the Diamondbacks in a 2017 game. Smith’s previous high was six.

Arizona — which scored at least 10 runs for a majors-best 18th time — pulled within a half-game of San Diego for the National League’s first wild card and increased its lead over New York and Atlanta to 1 1/2 games. Houston leads Seattle by 4 1/2 games in the AL West.

RELATED STORIES
Brent Strom hired as Pittsburgh Pirates assistant pitching coach
D-backs acquire 1B Josh Naylor from Guardians, who fill gap by adding Carlos Santana, AP source says
Christian Walker agrees to $60 million, 3-year contract with Astros, AP source says

Smith’s first home run of the night followed back-to-back singles to start the second inning and struck the foul pole in right. Arizona had increased the lead to 4-0 when Smith came up with the bases loaded in the third and sent a 2-2 fastball from Justin Verlander (3-6) into the Crawford Boxes for the third career grand slam.

“Just one of those nights where you’re in a zone,” Smith said. “Obviously, Justin’s a great pitcher. I faced him before, and he’s got great stuff, so once I was able to put a good swing the first at-bat it gave me confidence the rest of the game.”

Verlander allowed eight runs on eight hits over three innings and failed to record a strikeout for just the third time in 381 career regular-season starts. He has a 9.68 ERA in four starts since returning from the injured list.

“Felt better, physically,” Verlander said. “It seemed like they had a really good game plan, and saw some pitches really well in some surprising spots, so tip your cap.”

With Verlander out of the game, Smith answered Alex Bregman’s fourth-inning, two-run home run by starting the fifth with his seventh homer of the season, a solo shot off Kaleb Ort that left the bat at 112.1 mph. Smith wanted to hit a fourth home run, but he struck out and walked in his final two plate appearances of the night.

“It’s something that not many people have done, and I figure if you have the chance you might as well go for it,” Smith said.

Suárez was 4 for 5 with his 26th homer, two RBIs and four runs.

Kevin Ginkel (8-3) got the last out in the fifth for the victory.

Chas McCormick and Yainer Diaz each had three hits for the Astros. McCormick is batting .409 in six games since being recalled from Triple-A.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Astros INF Mauricio Dubón missed his second straight game after jamming his left thumb when he dove into first base Friday. He was able to take swings in the cage before the game.

UP NEXT

Diamondbacks: RHP Zac Gellen (11-6, 3.69 ERA) was scheduled to face Texas RHP Nathan Eovaldi (11-7, 3.55 ERA) at home Tuesday night.

Astros: RHP Spencer Arrighetti (7-12, 4.82 ERA) was set to meet Oakland RHP Osvaldo Bido (5-3, 3.52 ERA) at home Tuesday night.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Shadow fleet of tankers keeps Russia's oil money flowing de...
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18...
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Canada's former leader Chrétie n has blunt advice for Trump:...
Alabama railroad operator says engineer didn't see 3 homeles...
Germany calls a Russian oil tanker adrift in the Baltic Sea ...
Plan for stricter lobster fishing rules scrapped amid strong op...
Fishing regulators have scrapped a plan for stricter fishing rules amid concerns abou...
AP News
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned after submitting his...
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned from the Justice Department after subm...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle?
Gather Your Family for a Traditional Wooden Puzzle This Holiday Season
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read More
3 Simple Steps to Use Cinnamon for Lower Blood Sugar
Longevity Portal
Advertisement:
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Pay No Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Down 32, Pitt women tie NCAA Division I women's comeback...
Pittsburgh women’s coach Tory Verdi had a simple second-half message Sunday fo...
AP News
Latest NFL season highlights fina ncial risks for sports betting...
It’s been a tough football season for sports books. FanDuel and its key rival DraftKin...
AP News
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Fired US Center for SafeSport investigator arrested on new...
An investigator fired from his job at the U.S. Center for SafeSport for allegedly...
AP News
Anita Bryant, a popular singer who became known for opposi...
Anita Bryant, a former Miss Oklahoma and popular singer who became known over...
AP News
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates historical...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Empty Cruises Departing From South Carolina That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Top Searcher Now:Advertisement
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle ?
Puzzloom:Advertisement
Read Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/diamondbacks-astros-score-pavin-smith-54e7fd8de3d307a502c5737dd68f1150 
 ----- 
