Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
NFL divisional round schedule
Commanders win with doink FG
Eagles punish Packers
Will Vrabel's Pats return work?
Lakers, Clips expected to play Monday
Diamondbacks' Pavin Smith drills 3 home runs in first 3 at-bats in dominant win over Astros
Pavin Smith powered the Diamondbacks past the Astros with an incredible eight RBI on Sunday in Houston
Ryan Young
Staff writer
Mon, Sep 9, 2024·2 min read
4

Pavin Smith was almost unstoppable on Sunday.

The Arizona Diamondbacks' outfielder led his team to a dominant 12-6 win over the Houston Astros at Minute Maid Park. Smith had three home runs in his five at-bats on the night, which accounted for eight RBI in the victory.

Smith got things started for the Diamondbacks in the second inning, when he drilled a three-run shot off the right-field foul pole. That put Arizona up 3-0 almost right out of the gate.

In the third inning, after Eugenio Suárez hit an RBI single and loaded up the bases, Smith hit a grand slam to deep left field. Just like that, the Diamondbacks were up 8-0, and Smith had taken credit for seven of their eight runs.

Smith didn’t slow down, either. He hit his longest home run of the night in the fifth inning, powering his third homer just shy of 400 feet to right field to add yet another run for the Diamondbacks.

Smith struck out in his fourth at-bat in the seventh inning and was walked in the ninth. The Diamondbacks added a run in both the seventh and eighth innings, too, as Luis Guillorme hit a sacrifice fly and then Jake McCarthy hit an RBI single. Suárez hit a solo home run in the ninth inning, which pushed the team to a seven-run lead.

Suárez had himself a night, too. He had four hits and four runs in his five at-bats, and his home run in the ninth inning was his 26th of the season.

Smith had just four home runs on the season before Sunday. He entered the game against the Astros with a .247 batting average and 18 RBI on the year, his fifth with the franchise. He has now matched his home run total from the 2023 campaign, and he’s just four shy of matching his career high set in 2021.

Pavin Smith
RF - ARI - #26
9/8/2024 v. HOU
3
H
3
HR
8
RBI
-
BB
1
K

The win snapped a three-game losing skid for the Diamondbacks, who now hold an 80-64 record. They are now a half-game back from the San Diego Padres for second in the NL West and the top NL wild-card spot. Both the Diamondbacks and Padres are squarely in the playoff picture.

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
NFL divisional round schedule, playoff bracket: Chiefs, Lions back in action after postseason bye week

The divisional round of the playoffs is up next.

1h ago
Yahoo Sports
Eagles slug their way past Packers in unsightly wild-card affair

Philadelphia rode the strength of its defense, while Jordan Love threw three interceptions and Green Bay ends the season 0-6 against the NFC's elite this season.

5h ago
Yahoo Sports
Commanders pull off thrilling wild-card win over Bucs on doinked-in field goal as time expires

Daniels is the first rookie QB since Russell Wilson in 2012 to lead a team to a road win in the postseason.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Packers WR Romeo Doubs leaves playoff game vs. Eagles with apparent head injury weeks after suffering concussion

Doubs was down on the field for several minutes and required help from trainers to walk to the locker room.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Jalen Brunson scores 44 in Knicks' 140–106 blowout of Bucks

The gap between the Knicks and Bucks might be wider than the Eastern Conference standings indicate.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
Lakers, Clippers expected to resume home play Monday after Los Angeles fires postponed games

Lakers and Clippers games over the weekend were postponed because of the fires.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
What did official say to Bills QB Josh Allen after he protested missed call in win over Broncos?

Were officials acknowledging that they blew the call on a Bills pass into the end zone?

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bills-Broncos: Was RB Ty Johnson out of bounds on a key fourth-down TD catch?

The Bills had a very close call on a key touchdown.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Broncos-Bills: Marvin Mims gets leveled, then draws costly penalty after being taunted by Bills special teamer

Why was Mims the only player flagged on this play?

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bettors backing favorites in each of Sunday's NFL wild-card games

The Rams are the only home team not favored in the remaining four wild-card games.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
C.J. Stroud just needed a fumbled shotgun snap to kickstart a 99-yard TD drive

A big mistake turned into a big play for the Texans.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Chargers kicker Cameron Dicker's enormous gaffe allows Texans to return blocked extra point

Dicker appeared to misunderstand the rules about blocked kicks.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Steelers-Ravens: While Lamar Jackson, Baltimore leave little doubt in 28-14 win, there's plenty of doubts building vs. Pittsburgh's Mike Tomlin

Tomlin isn’t the problem with the Steelers. Saying he is requires a belief the Steelers should have won more than 10 games this season. But the frustration from Steelers fans is valid.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL wild-card previews: Predictions and breaking down all 6 matchups

You can watch all six games live on mobile with NFL+.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
No. 2 Auburn narrowly avoids upset loss to South Carolina, as Johni Broome injures ankle

The Tigers played most of the second half without leading scorer Johni Broome, who suffered a sprained ankle while going for a rebound.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA postpones Rockets-Hawks game on Saturday due to icy conditions in Atlanta

A winter storm brought snow and freezing rain to Atlanta on Friday.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Magic's Paolo Banchero scores 34 points in return after missing 34 games with oblique injury

Banchero picked up where he left off before his injury, nearly leading the Magic to a win.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL Wild Card Round: Top DFS picks and fades

The wild-card round is here — Scott Pianowski helps you build your daily fantasy lineups.

2d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/diamondbacks-pavin-smith-drills-3-home-runs-in-first-3-at-bats-in-dominant-win-over-astros-021752032.html 
 ----- 
