MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Diaz's bat, Siri's glove help Rays beat Orioles 7-1
Updated Sep. 7, 2024 8:13 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

BALTIMORE (AP) — Yandy Diaz homered among his three hits and drove in two runs, Jose Siri denied Gunnar Henderson a potential go-ahead home run with a leaping grab and the Tampa Bay Rays beat Baltimore 7-1 on Saturday, knocking the Orioles from the AL East lead.

“I don't know if I have the words to describe it," manager Kevin Cash said of Siri's fourth-inning play. “But it was a game-changer for sure.”

Taylor Walls also homered and had two RBIs as the Rays evened the series and dropped the Orioles a half-game behind the New York Yankees, who beat the Chicago Cubs earlier in the day.

Jonny DeLuca also had three hits and Logan Driscoll had an RBI single in the seventh inning.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Ryan Pepiot (8-6) allowed only one run over 5 1/3 innings despite allowing nine baserunners.

"We had a good plan going into it," said Pepiot, who allowed six hits and two walks while striking out four. “When they did get guys on, let one pitch take us to the next one and then get ourselves out of situations.”

Zach Eflin (10-8) yielded three runs over 5 2/3 innings in his second start against his former team since the Rays dealt him to the Orioles in late July. Cedirc Mullins' 15th home run closed the deficit to 3-1 in the sixth before the Rays added on late.

“Just kind of a struggle all around today, honestly,” Baltimore manager Brandon Hyde said. “We wasted opportunities offensively, and we made a mistake defensively and gave up too many runs.”

Diaz's 14th homer was also his fifth to lead off a game, and Walls added his solo shot in the third to double the lead.

Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
NFL AFC, NFC Championship odds: Chiefs, Lions favored; Eagles chasing
Wild Card Weekend is nearly complete. Check out the latest odds for which teams are favored to represent each conference in the Super Bowl.
Ahorra en el iPhone 14 Plus. Amarillo maravilloso.
Llévate el iPhone 14 Plus por nuestra cuenta. Con una linea en myPlan.  (Unlimited Welcome min. $65/mes con Auto Pay (+ impuestos y cargos) por 3...
Verizon Wireless|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Bill McCartney, who coached Colorado football to only national title, dies at 84
Bill McCartney, a three-time coach of the year in the Big Eight Conference who led Colorado to its only football national championship in 1990, has died. He w...

Pepiot had already escaped one-out jams in the second and third before the Orioles nearly mounted a two-out rally in the fourth.

After Emmanuel Rivera and James McCann singled, Henderson drove Pepiot's ninth pitch of the at-bat toward the seats in front of the scoreboard in right-center. Siri looked back to the fence and up at Henderson's drive, scaled the wall and met the ball with his outstretched glove, corralling it in the webbing. After his descent, he pounded his chest in celebration as Henderson slammed his helmet to the turf.

“It's unbelievable," Walls said. "He does those things like it's normal, honestly. If the ball's hit in the vicinity of where he can catch it, you know there's a chance he's going to get it.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Rays: 2B Brandon Lowe was held out for a second consecutive day with a swollen middle finger on his right hand but said the injury is improved. “We’re doing five, six, seven treatments a day to try to make sure we’re getting it back to normal,” Lowe said. ... Driscoll exited the game with a left thigh bruise following his single, two innings after the catcher hit a railing and made a tumbling catch into the Rays dugout.

UP NEXT

Orioles ace Corbin Burnes (13-7, 3.19 ERA) goes against Rays RHP Zack Littell (5-9, 4.04), who is making his second start since returning from the 15-day injured list.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Blue Jays sign Jeff Hoffman
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Tampa Bay Rays
Jose Siri
Major League Baseball
Baltimore Orioles
Yandy Díaz
Zach Eflin
Taylor Walls
Jose Siri
Yandy Díaz
New York Yankees
Chicago Cubs
Baltimore Orioles
Tampa Bay Rays
MLB - Tampa Bay Rays vs. Baltimore Orioles - 09/07/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/diazs-bat-siris-glove-help-rays-beat-orioles-71 
 ----- 
