HOME
FREE NEWSLETTER
ORIOLES
MINORS
CALLING THE PEN
ADVERTISE WITH US
RICH DUBROFF
Kremer’s gutsy start, Cano’s exciting strikeouts give Orioles a 2-0 win over Rays
By
Rich Dubroff
SEPTEMBER 7, 2024 AT 1:14 AM
SCROLL DOWN TO READ ARTICLE




BALTIMORE- What happened? Last Saturday night, the Orioles worried that yet another starting pitcher would land on the injured list after Dean Kremer had to leave the game at Colorado after Jordan Beck bruised his right wrist with a line drive.

Manager Brandon Hyde expressed doubt a day later that Kremer would make his next scheduled start, but as the week rolled on, and Kremer wasn’t added to the injured list, it seemed possible that Kremer would pitch.

He not only started, but took a no-hitter into the seventh inning, allowing two hits, and terrific relief work by Yennier Cano bailed the Orioles out in their 2-0 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday.

The win enabled the Orioles to maintain their ½ game lead over the New York Yankees in the American League East. The Yankees beat the Chicago Cubs, 3-0.

The Orioles scored on a sacrifice fly by Jackson Holliday in the fifth. It brought home Colton Cowser, who walked and tried to steal second with Cedric Mullins at bat. Tampa Bay catcher Ben Rortvedt threw wildly to second, not realizing Mullins walked, and Cowser advanced to third on the error before scoring on the fly ball.

Gunnar Henderson, who committed two errors at shortstop, one in the eighth and another in the ninth, hit his 36th home run.

It was the Orioles’ 82nd win, securing their third straight winning season after five consecutive losing seasons.

What did Kremer think of his start? Kremer struck out seven, walked three in throwing 88 pitches. He left the game after allowing singles to Junior Caminero and Dylan Carlson and watching Josh Lowe reach on an error by first baseman Ryan O’Hearn.

Kremer thought this week he’d make the start.

“After it had gotten examined and we ruled out a fracture when we got back home, I was fairly confident that I’d be able to make my next start,” he said.

Kremer said the forearm didn’t bother him much.

“It’s a little stiff, but I threw, so, not bad,” he said.

The Orioles haven’t had a no-hitter since they moved to Camden Yards in 1992. John Means was the last Oriole to throw one in Seattle on May 5th, 2021.

“I’d say disappointment is the wrong word,’ Kremer said. “Just kind of part of the game. No-hitters are rare. Usually get rid of them in the first, so never have to think about them. It’s part of the game. You just move on.”

How impressive was Kremer’s performance? Hyde was hopeful that Kremer would pitch. After losing Kyle Bradish, John Means and Tyler Wells to season-ending injuries and Grayson Rodriguez to a lat injury, and with Zach Eflin just back from a stint on the injured list with right shoulder inflammation, the Orioles couldn’t afford to have another starter hurt.

“Just for him to post tonight and make a start,” Hyde said. “He didn’t throw for a few days, let the swelling go down out of that wrist and hand area. Played catch the last couple days, and goes out, goes into the seventh inning for us. No hits, the cutter was really good, good splits again, but really aggressive. Aggressive in the strike zone. Pitched great.”

Hyde mixed optimism with caution during this week.

“I was surprised. Probably [Wednesday] he was going to throw his side, I think we were probably 50/50 on it at that point,” Hyde said. “The swelling had gone down quite a bit in the second or third day after, so he was going to give it a try. Went out, threw his side and felt OK. Then we made sure he played catch [Thursday] to just to see if everything was fine, and he felt good enough to start tonight.”

Hyde has watched Kremer grow since he first came up in 2020.

“He’s come so far since four or five years ago,” he said. “Matured so much as a player, understands where we are, too, right now in our schedule and what we’re playing for, and also to be there for the guys.

“I give him a ton of credit. A lot of guys would have asked for a few more days or sat this one out. He’s still got seams on his wrist. But, yeah, he was determined from about that second or third day after he got back off the trip.”

How important was Cano’s three outs? Entering the game with the bases loaded and none out in the seventh, Cano struck out Jonny DeLuca and Jose Caballero. Rortvedt popped out to end the inning and the threat.

“Adrenaline was pumping at 100 percent there, obviously was a really defining moment of the game so I was really happy to help the team right there and help us get the win,” Cano said through a translator.

Cano enjoyed watching Kremer pitch.

“He was impressive. I think we noticed around the fourth inning or so that he had a no-hitter going and we all got real quiet in the bullpen but you know he gave up a hit there in that inning but wanted to keep the shutout going,” Cano said.

“lf a no-hitter came around, we wanted to keep that going as well. We’re really happy with the way he pitched and really happy we were able to get the job done.

Cano was hoping he could be part of a no-hitter.

“Of course, you know in those late innings you never know what’s going to happen but you know with the way the game was going tonight it was a possibility,” he said. “So we were all getting ready back there and getting prepared to, you know, maybe come into a no-hitter.”

Cionel Pérez got the first two outs of the eighth, leaving after Jonathan Aranda reached on an error by Henderson. Seranthony Dominguez recorded a four-out save but had to survive a one-out single by Lowe and another error by Henderson on DeLuca’s grounder. Lowe and DeLuca pulled off a double steal. Dominguez recorded the final two outs for his eighth save.

What does it mean? The Orioles have started September with four wins in five games and need to stack up as many wins as they can as they try to hold off the Yankees.

What’s the word? “That would have been a first for me but would have been a real exciting opportunity for sure.”–Cano on the possibility of being part of a no-hitter.  

What’s the stat of the day? 9. This was the Orioles’ ninth shutout of the season, and their second in three games. Before Tuesday night’s shutout of the Chicago White Sox, they hadn’t had a shutout since July 2nd.

What’s going on in the minor leagues? Heston Kjerstad, who’s on the 10-day injured list with a concussion, will begin a rehab assignment with High-A Aberdeen on Saturday.

Second baseman Niko Goodrum hit a game-ending grand slam to give Triple-A Norfolk an 8-6 win over Charlotte. Goodrum had six RBIs.

Trevor Rogers started and allowed three runs on six hits in 6 2/3 innings. He struck out nine and walked one.

Leftfielder Enrique Bradfield Jr. drove in two runs and shortstop Frederick Bencosme had three hits in Double-A Bowie’s 6-3 loss to Harrisburg in 10 innings.

Third baseman Jalen Vasquez hit a two-run home run in Aberdeen’s 7-4 loss to Jersey Shore.

Edwin Amparo hit a two-run home run as Single-A Delmarva beat Carolina, 3-0. Three Shorebird pitchers combined on the eight-hit shutout.

What’s next? Zach Eflin (10-7, 3.60) will face Ryan Pepiot (7-6, 3.76) on Saturday at 4:05 p.m.

Call for questions: Most weekdays, I’ll be answering at least one Orioles question. Please send yours to: Rich@BaltimoreBaseball.com

RELATED ITEMS:FEATURED
THE BIRD TAPES
PETER SCHMUCK
RICH DUBROFF
CALLING THE PEN
ABOUT US
SUBSCRIBE TO THE BIRD TAPES

Copyright © 2018 BaltimoreBaseball.com | BaltimoreBaseball.com is an unofficial site that is not affiliated in any way with Major League Baseball or the Baltimore Orioles. Partner with USA Today Sports Digital Properties.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.baltimorebaseball.com/2024/09/07/kremers-gutsy-start-canos-exciting-strikeouts-give-orioles-2-0-win-rays/ 
 ----- 
