Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Spurs Return Home Looking to Take Both Games in Nuggets Back-To-Back
The San Antonio Spurs look to replicate Friday night's winning effort against the Denver Nuggets.
Joe Gaither | Jan 5, 2025
Jan 3, 2025; Denver, Colorado, USA; San Antonio Spurs center Victor Wembanyama (1) controls the ball as Denver Nuggets center Nikola Jokic (15) guards in the third quarter at Ball Arena. Mandatory Credit: Isaiah J. Downing-Imagn Images / Isaiah J. Downing-Imagn Images

The San Antonio Spurs (18-16) return to Frost Bank Center to take on a familiar opponent. The Denver Nuggets (19-14) are coming to Texas on the second game of a back-to-back after the Spurs beat them on Friday night 113-110.

It'll be round two between superstar forwards Nikola Jokic and Victor Wembanyama after the pair combined for 76 points, 36 rebounds and 13 assists on Friday night putting on a show for the Denver audience.

The Spurs may be getting a little help on Saturday as forward Jeremy Sochan was upgraded from out to a game-time-decision while the Nuggets are still missing forward Aaron Gordon.

The Spurs have climbed to 8th in the Western Conference and have won five of their last eight games including two in a row. A victory would move the Spurs into the upper half of the conference and provide more confidence for a young side looking to contend in the NBA.

READ MORE: Three Key Stats that Led to San Antonio’s Win Over Denver

The Denver Nuggets are 3.5-point favorites and ESPN Analytics Matchup Predictor gives the Nuggets a 55.6 percent chance to pull out the victory. The game tips off at 7 p.m. CT in the Frost Bank Center and San Antonio Spurs On SI will have coverage at the conclusion.

San Antonio Spurs On Sports Illustrated
Victor Wembanyama Leads Spurs Past Nuggets in Nail-Biting Victory
'One-of-a-Kind': Spurs Star Victor Wembanyama Earns 'Special' Praise from Nikola Jokić
'Nothing You Can Do!' Against Jokić, Nuggets, Victor Wembanyama Earned His Praise
Published Jan 4, 2025|Modified Jan 5, 2025
JOE GAITHER

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/spurs/news/spurs-return-home-looking-to-take-both-games-in-nuggets-back-to-back-01jgsqc9j0zx 
 ----- 
