Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019
Senegal vs Burkina Faso Prediction and Betting Tips | September 6th 2024
Senegal vs Burkina Faso Prediction and Betting Tips | September 6th 2024
By
Shubham Dupare
Modified Sep 05, 2024 18:28 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Senegal host Burkina Faso in the AFCON qualifiers

Senegal will entertain Burkina Faso at Stade Me Abdoulaye Wade in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifying campaign opener on Friday. Both teams were eliminated from the round of 16 of the 2023 AFCON earlier this year.

The 2021 AFCON champions bounced back well from their loss to eventual champions Côte d'Ivoire in the round of 16 in the 2023 edition and are unbeaten in their last four games. They last played Mauritana in the FIFA World Cup qualifiers and Habib Diallo's first-half strike helped them record a 1-0 win.

Les Étalons registered just one win in the 2023 AFCON and their poor run continued after the competition. They are winless in their last four games. They met Sierra Leone in the World Cup qualifiers in June and were held to a draw at home. Lassina Traoré and Dango Ouattara scored in the first half to give them a two-goal lead but they conceded twice in the second half.

Trending
Senegal vs Burkina Faso Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
There is not much history between the two teams and they have squared off 13 times in all competitions. They have contested these meetings closely, with as many as seven games ending in draws and the hosts leading 4-2 in wins.
They last met in the 2021 AFCON semifinals, which Lions de la Téranga won 3-1.
The 2021 champions are unbeaten in their last 26 games in the AFCON qualifiers, recording 21 wins.
Les Étalons are winless in their last three appearances in the qualifiers, with two games ending in draws.
Burkina Faso are winless in their last five meetings against the home team, with three games ending in draws.
Senegal vs Burkina Faso Prediction

Lions de la Téranga have suffered just one loss in their last 12 games in all competitions, with that loss coming against Côte d'Ivoire in the 2023 AFCON quarterfinals on penalties. They are unbeaten in their last 15 home games in the AFCON qualifiers and have suffered just one loss in their five home meetings against Burkina Faso.

Aliou Cissé has called up a similar squad for the two qualifiers this month and defender El Hadj Diouf is a new addition to the team. He has all 26 players at his disposal for this match.

The Stallions have endured a seven-game winless run in all competitions, conceding two goals in six games in that period. They have won just one of their last five away games in AFCON qualifiers. Interestingly, captain Bertrand Traoré has been left out of the squad for the two friendlies.

Considering the current form of the two teams and Senegal's impressive home record in AFCON qualifiers, the 2021 winners are expected to register a comfortable win.

Prediction: Senegal 2-1 Burkina Faso

Senegal vs Burkina Faso Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Senegal to win

Tip 2: Goals - Over/Under 2.5 Goals - Over 2.5 goals

Tip 3: At least one goal to be scored in the second half - Yes

Tip 4: Sadio Mane to score or assist any time - Yes

Quick Links

African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019 Burkina Faso Football Senegal Bertrand Traore Sadio Mane Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/senegal-vs-burkina-faso-prediction-betting-tips-september-6th-2024 
 ----- 
