Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Knocked for a loop by illness, McMahon shows renewed strength
Share
Knocked for a loop by illness, McMahon shows renewed strength
August 27th, 2024

Thomas Harding

@harding_at_mlb
Share

0:04

0:28

DENVER -- The numbers say Rockies third baseman Ryan McMahon is not the same player in the second half that he was while earning his first All-Star Game nod in the first half. He doesn’t need a stat sheet to measure it.

During the club’s first road trip after the All-Star break, McMahon came down with a bug that affected many of the Rockies. It hit McMahon particularly hard.

“It lingered,” McMahon said. “I lost 12-15 pounds. I’m down around 200 right now. I normally play around 210. Pretty close to my high school weight. It was tough getting that back.”

But McMahon, who also is dealing with his longtime late-season companion of tendinitis in his left knee, delivered a full-bodied, 438-foot home run to right-center field to give the Rockies a 3-2 victory over the Marlins at Coors Field on Monday night.

It was a night for guys like McMahon to show what they can be.

Starting pitcher Ryan Feltner, coming off an injured list stint with right shoulder soreness, held the Marlins to two runs in five innings.

Jake Bird, in the first game of his fourth stint on the roster this year, began a vital performance from the bullpen. Bird was followed by Justin Lawrence, who has had wild swings in quality all season. Rookie Angel Chivilli and vet Tyler Kinley kept the Marlins quiet in the eighth and ninth.

McMahon, 29, is a respected persona on a team that has clinched its sixth straight losing season, but believes it can become a winner sooner or later. Admired is his willingness to endure pain without complaint. He doesn’t give in to the extenuating reasons for his post-break numbers -- a slash line of .158/.289/.287 and only three home runs.

But save for a few rest days, McMahon has stayed in the lineup as a presence defensively. On Monday, there was a spinning grab of a Connor Norby grounder in the second and a barehand pickup and throw to beat a Vidal Bruján bouncer in the fifth.

Related
Sullivan ready to make another leap with healthy 2025 campaign

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Rockies avoid arbitration with Gomber, Feltner, Lawrence

January 10th, 2025

McMahon continues to provide support in Denver community

November 27th, 2024

All-Trade Rumor Team: One at each position who could be on the move

November 13th, 2024

These 3 Rox could have Gold in their sights

November 6th, 2024

McMahon homered to right-center field on a nasty pitch from Cabrera.

Manager Bud Black saw it as not just a homer, but as the left-handed-hitting McMahon’s “A” swing.

“I like when he’s pulling the ball,” Black said. “He pulled a ball yesterday in New York, hit the ball into the corner. He got a base hit today pulling the ball. He pulled the ball to right-center for the homer.

“I know Mac has opposite-field power. We talked a lot about staying inside the ball and using the middle of the field. But Mac is capable of doing what he did today, getting the head out and pulling the ball -- cheating on some fastballs and getting the ball into right field.”

McMahon challenges himself to be a complete player, no matter how he feels.

He didn’t reveal until Spring Training that his late struggle in ’23 was partly due to the tendinitis in both knees and a right shoulder problem that required a cortisone shot.

The illness this year is not a subject he enjoys discussing, and the tendinitis would not have come up had he not had ice wrapped around his knee.

Staying in the lineup? Now we’re talking.

“It’s a tough game, right?” McMahon said. “It’ll kick you when you’re down. But the way I was raised, just who I am and who I hang around, I feel I’d be letting people down if I didn’t show up and at least try my hardest. I’ve tried to keep playing defense as well as I could until the swing came around.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Colorado Rockies
Ryan McMahon

Senior Reporter Thomas Harding has covered the Rockies since 2000, and for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/ryan-mcmahon-clubs-438-foot-homer-vs-marlins 
 ----- 
