Skip to content
Subscribe Now
36°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESNews
Rockies ripped again by red-hot Tigers
Tanner Gordon shelled for six runs in first inning
Colorado Rockies starter Tanner Gordon reacts after giving up a home run to Detroit Tigers’ Trey Sweeney during the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Duane Burleson)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 11, 2024 at 8:28 PM MDT

The Rockies have shown some occasional growth spurts lately. Emphasis on occasional.

Over the weekend, they won two of three games in Milwaukee to capture just their third road series win of the season.

But their growth has been stunted in Motown against a red-hot Tigers team still hunting for a wild-card playoff berth. After a historic 11-0 blowout loss to Detroit on Tuesday night at Comerica Park, the Rockies responded with a 7-4 defeat on Wednesday.

The Tigers buried Colorado right-hander Tanner Gordon with a six-run, six-hit avalanche in the first inning. The Rockies were never able to recover.

With 16 games remaining in the season, the Rockies (54-92) are on pace for a 102-loss season. They lost a franchise-worst 103 last year, when their run differential was minus-236 (a negative-1.46 run differential per game), also the worst in franchise history.

However, the current club has a minus-228 run differential (minus-1.56 runs per game).

The Tigers lined up for batting practice against Gordon, who was recalled from Triple-A Albuquerque to replace veteran lefty Austin Gomber, who is out on paternity leave.

“Tanner threw strikes but he just couldn’t put them away,” manager Bud Black told reporters in Detroit.

The avalanche began when Riley Green lined a one-out homer to right. Then Kerry Carpenter ripped an RBI triple into the right-field corner, and Trey Sweeney crushed a three-run homer to deep right.

“The back-breaker, for me, was the Sweeney home run,” Black said. “A 3-0 game in the first is manageable, and (Gordon) got ahead of him but just couldn’t put him away. He threw a slider on a 3-2 pitch, and that was the back-breaker.

“Tanner’s stuff was maybe not as crisp as when he first came up earlier in the year. … These guys are rookie pitchers, with a rookie catcher (Drew Romo), so it’s going to be a school of hard knocks — at times.”

Gordon is a strike-thrower, and he didn’t issue a walk Wednesday night, but he threw meatballs. Over 3 1/3 innings, he gave up seven runs on 10 hits. He fell to 0-6 and his ERA soared to 8.65.

The Rockies’ bright spots came from third baseman Ryan McMahon, shortstop Ezequiel Tovar and a bullpen that blanked Detroit for four innings.

McMahon led off the second with a homer to right off right-hander Casey Mize, McMahon’s 19th homer.

Tovar ripped a two-run double to right-center in Colorado’s three-run fourth inning. Tovar’s 43 doubles are the third-most in the majors and the most by a Rockies player since Charlie Blackmon recorded 42 in 2019.

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo

Tovar’s 43 doubles also set a franchise record for a shortstop, bypassing Trevor Story, and he has hit the most doubles since Nolan Arenado hit 43 doubles in 2017. The last Rockie with more than 43 doubles in a season was Matt Holliday with 50 doubles in 2007.

The Tigers, meanwhile, continue to roll. They improved to 20-8 since Aug. 11, the best record in the majors over the last month.

Senzatela close. Right-hander Antonio Senzatela, returning from Tommy John surgery, has made five injury rehab appearances and could make his first start with the Rockies this weekend vs. the Cubs.

He last pitched on Sunday for Double-A Hartford, going 3 2/3 innings, giving up five runs on five hits, with five strikeouts and one walk. He rejoined the Rockies in Detroit on Tuesday and threw a bullpen session.

Thursday’s pitching matchup

Rockies RHP Ryan Feltner (2-10, 4.96) at Tigers LHP Tarik Skubal (16-4, 2.53), 11:10 a.m.

11:10 a.m. Thursday, Comerica Park

TV: Rockies.TV (streaming); Comcast/Xfinity (channel 1262); DirecTV (683); Spectrum (130, 445, 305, 435 or 445, depending on region).

Radio: 850 AM/94.1 FM

Feltner’s 2-10 record doesn’t show it, but he’s made some solid starts for the Rockies, especially on the road where he’s posted a 3.99 ERA in 14 starts. Last Friday at Milwaukee, Feltner posted his first victory since April 10. He allowed one run on two hits over six innings. He walked three and struck out six for his 10th quality start (seven on the road). Thursday’s marks his first career start vs. the Tigers.

Skubal, the leading contender for the American League Cy Young Award, was not sharp in his last start. Pitching for the final time in Oakland, near where he grew up, the lefty gave up two runs on nine hits and struck out seven without walking a batter over 5 2/3 innings. It marked the 10th time in his last seven starts that he struck out at least seven. Skubal, who already has 208 Ks this season, has faced the Rockies once. He dominated them, pitching six scoreless innings, giving up five hits, striking out six and walking none.

Pitching probables

Friday: Cubs RHP Javier Assad (7-5, 3.14) at Rockies’ LHP Austin Gomber (5-10, 4.50), 6:40 p.m.

Saturday: Cubs RHP Jameson Taillon (10-8, 3.57) at Rockies LHP Kyle Freeland (5-7, 4.97), 6:10 p.m.

Sunday: Cubs RHP Kyle Hendricks (3-11, 6.51) at Rockies RHP Bradley Blalock (1-3, 5.87), 10:10 p.m.

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Originally Published: September 11, 2024 at 7:37 PM MDT
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Police arrest 3 in home invasion shooting of 16-year-old girl in Aurora
Renck: In Walton-Penner ownership group, Broncos have found their next Pat Bowlen, but they do it their own way
Teenage girl killed in Aurora home invasion ID’d, death still under investigation
Why did federal agents seize — and then return — $5 million worth of switchblades from a Colorado man?
Broncos starting QBs since Peyton Manning, 2025 edition: Where are they now?
Aurora man defrauded millions in COVID-19 relief and used money to buy luxury cars, indictment alleges
Denver pizza shop reopens in new space in Santa Fe art district
Justice Department investigating Douglas County School District’s response to racial discrimination, bullying of students
Aurora seeks emergency closure of troubled Edge of Lowry apartments as complex reaches “breaking point”
Country star Chris Stapleton announces big Denver show
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
2024
September
11
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/11/rockies-ripped-tigers/ 
 ----- 
