MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Red Sox bats silent, Rich Hill debuts as uphill battle for postseason continues
By Jen McCaffrey
Aug 30, 2024

39

BOSTON — After a brutal doubleheader sweep Monday, the Boston Red Sox pulled out convincing wins over the next two days, attempting to keep afloat in the American League wild-card race.

Then they ran into a buzz saw in Toronto Blue Jays starter Bowden Francis.

Francis has been on a tear over the past month, allowing just two runs in his last four starts over 29 innings pitched. In that span, he’s struck out 32 batters, allowing six hits and three walks.

On Thursday, the Red Sox offense was the latest to fall flat against the reliever-turned-starter dominating for Toronto.

That level of dominance, even on a night when Kutter Crawford pitched well, resulted in a 2-0 loss for the Red Sox.

“Francis is pretty tough,” manager Alex Cora said. “He’s been tough for a while now. Fastball, breaking ball, throws a lot of strikes. He elevates, he has 20 inches of vertical, it’s tough to get on top of him, and he’s in the zone so you got to give him credit.”

Nick Sogard, called up Thursday as David Hamilton headed to the injured list with a fractured left index finger, was the only batter to record a hit off Francis through seven innings. Danny Jansen’s single off reliever Genesis Cabrera produced the only other Red Sox hit on the night.

For his part, Crawford allowed two runs on six hits and two walks over 6 2/3 innings, marking his first start in the second half in which he recorded an out in the seventh inning.

“Overall, I felt like it was definitely a step in the right direction, pitching in the seventh inning, just trying to compete and keep my team in the ballgame,” he said.

Crawford exited with two outs and a runner on first as Cora turned to lefty Rich Hill. The 44-year-old, pitching for the first time this season after joining the Red Sox on Monday, battled Daulton Varsho for seven pitches before getting him to strike out swinging to end the inning.

Hill recorded a clean eighth inning with two groundouts and a strikeout.

With the outing, Hill has officially pitched in each of the last 20 major-league seasons, the only player to do so.

“He did an outstanding job,” Cora said. “He’s not here just to hang out, he’s here to contribute. For the people that think this is kind of just like for a guy to play 20 years straight in the big leagues, no. We believe he can get people out and he did an amazing job.”

After the game, Hill was extremely emotional, pausing several times to gather himself, as he discussed the work it took to get back to the majors this season and his determination to help the Red Sox in the stretch run.

“There’s a lot of people to thank, to get to this point,” he said as his voice trembled. “It’s special. Unfortunately, the biggest thing is we want to come away with the win. That’s something that, being around this clubhouse for the last couple of days, seeing the way these guys work and put in that time, we’ll get back on track tomorrow in Detroit and just get back after it. That’s kind of been the heartbeat of this clubhouse, is just the continuous grind throughout the season. That’s one thing I’ve certainly seen in the last couple of days, and again, looking forward to getting back in the W column.”

 

The Red Sox continue to face an uphill battle to reach the postseason. With Hamilton sidelined for at least a few weeks after a pitch hit him on a bunt attempt Tuesday, the Red Sox have lost another key player. Rafael Devers, though, who’s sat out the last three days with a sore shoulder, is expected to return to the lineup Friday and serve as designated hitter the next two days. Meanwhile, Liam Hendriks could rejoin the Red Sox as soon as next weekend with a fifth rehab outing scheduled for Friday with Triple-A Worcester. He’s aiming for two or three appearances next week.

How long the Red Sox can stay in the race remains the question.

Minnesota, directly ahead of the Red Sox for the third wild-card spot in the American League, was idle Thursday, as the Red Sox moved to 3 1/3 games back of the Twins.

The good news for the Red Sox is that they’re headed back on the road where they’re 38-27 for the next six games against the Detroit Tigers and New York Mets.

Not much has been easy for the Red Sox this season, and the final 28 games in the regular season figure to be no different.

(Photo of Nick Sogard: Steven Senne / Associated Press)

Jen McCaffrey is a staff writer for The Athletic covering the Boston Red Sox. Prior to joining The Athletic, the Syracuse graduate spent four years as a Red Sox reporter for MassLive.com and three years as a sports reporter for the Cape Cod Times. Follow Jen on Twitter @jcmccaffrey

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5733269/2024/08/30/red-sox-loss-blue-jays-kutter-crawford/ 
 ----- 
