Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
As Gilbert continues to shine, Mariners' bats can't back him
Share
As Gilbert continues to shine, Mariners' bats can't back him
September 8th, 2024

Daniel Kramer

@DKramer_
Share

0:07

2:04

ST. LOUIS -- The visiting bullpen remained still, silent and mostly motionless deep into the eighth inning on Saturday night at Busch Stadium. But the first stir it saw delivered the ultimate gut punch.

Logan Gilbert was in the midst of a masterclass, turning in another gem in an All-Star season that should have him in consideration for the American League Cy Young Award. But one fateful pitch spoiled an otherwise stellar night.

Walking another tightrope deep into the outing, thanks to zero run support for the eighth time this season, Gilbert hit Jordan Walker on the right wrist in a full count, then three pitches later, hung a slider that Pedro Pagés ambushed and sent sailing into the crisp St. Louis night.

Complete coverage: Mariners’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

It landed smack dab in the middle of that visiting bullpen, right in front of Seattle’s relievers, just as a few were beginning to stretch. Andrés Muñoz stood still with both hands on his hips, his neck craned sharply to his left and at the ball, watching it bounce to a stop -- body language that suggested disbelief.

And with a scoreless night from a Mariners offense that over the past three days appeared to find new life, Gilbert and Seattle sunk to a 2-0 defeat.

“It just feels like you’re banging your head against a wall,” said Cal Raleigh, who was among the Mariners’ 10 stranded baserunners.

With Saturday’s loss, and coupled with Houston’s 11-5 win over Arizona, the Mariners dropped to 5 1/2 games back in the American League West standings, with just 19 games to play. But they remained 4 1/2 games out of the final AL Wild Card spot, with Boston and Detroit in between.

“Right now, it feels terrible,” Gilbert said. “I mean, tomorrow, I'm probably going to see more of the big picture. But we lost the game, obviously on that pitch. So that's something I really feel like it's on me.”

Gilbert has been pitching on a tightrope all season, entering play with the lowest run support average (2.86 per outing) among all qualified MLB starters. Over his 29 outings, he’s had eight with zero runs of support, nine with one run and another three with two runs. To clarify, these numbers are while he’s on the mound and don’t include scoring after he departs.

Related
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

J-Rod makes Three Kings Day extra special

January 10th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Gilbert dominates, Raleigh goes yard as Mariners end '24 on winning note

September 29th, 2024

Gilbert channels inner-'Walter' to lift Mariners to key win

September 20th, 2024

It's a southpaw swap at top of SP Power Rankings

September 12th, 2024

The Mariners are 5-20 this year when Gilbert receives fewer than three in an outing. Yet for his career, they are 44-10 when plating that many while he’s on the mound. That itself made nights like Saturday all the more familiar, at least in 2024.

And for those who’ve followed the franchise for years, it offered historically unflattering nostalgia, as Gilbert became the Mariners' first pitcher to take a loss despite clearing eight innings with two hits or fewer allowed since Sept. 23, 2010, at Toronto.

The pitcher that day was none other than Félix Hernández, whose 15 seasons in Seattle were synonymous for both his dominance and lack of run support.

“That's the most competitive it'll be -- you're in a road park, this is a great baseball city, they have a good team, 0-0 ballgame,” Gilbert said. “It's exactly what you dream of. ... That's exactly what I love, that's where I want to be. Obviously, one got away from me, but I just love competing. I love being out there.”

The fateful pitch from Gilbert was, in a way, paradoxical -- a slider, the offering that he generated a game-high nine whiffs on. The hit-by-pitch to Walker was on a four-seamer that leaked too far in. Other than that, Gilbert allowed just two baserunners, a walk to Alec Burleson in the fourth and a double to Lars Nootbaar in the fifth.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“That last at-bat, he started me off with a heater and then went curveball,” Pagés said. “And I was like, ‘I’m going to sit slider here and hopefully see it up and he ended throwing that pitch and I got a good swing off.”

The Mariners certainly had opportunities, none clearer than in the first inning, when they loaded the bases with one out and again in the seventh with two outs before coming away empty. And with those shortcomings, they’ve now lost each of Gilbert’s past five starts and nine of his past 10.

As Seattle attempts to mount a playoff push, Gilbert has mostly put them in position to win each time out. And the fact that the Mariners haven’t capitalized -- especially over a nearly two-month stretch now -- could be the difference of whether their season extends to October.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Seattle Mariners
Logan Gilbert

Daniel Kramer covers the Mariners for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/logan-gilbert-deals-8-inning-gem-in-mariners-loss-vs-cardinals 
 ----- 
