MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Thunder bounce back to rout Knicks 126-101 in first game since end of 15-game win streak
Updated Jan. 10, 2025 9:57 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

NEW YORK (AP) — Shai Gilgeous-Alexander scored 39 points in 29 minutes, and the Oklahoma City Thunder emphatically bounced back to rout the New York Knicks 126-101 on Friday night in the first game since their 15-game winning streak was snapped.

Isaiah Joe added 23 of his 31 points in the first half for the Thunder, who were coming off a 129-122 loss at NBA-leading Cleveland on Wednesday in the biggest game of the season thus far. There was no hangover at Madison Square Garden, where Oklahoma City had a 36-12 run in the first half en route to a 70-43 lead.

Jalen Brunson scored 27 points and Karl-Anthony Towns had 23 in the Knicks' fourth loss in five games, a stretch that began when the Thunder used a big fourth quarter to win 117-107 last Friday and snap New York's nine-game winning streak.

No big finish needed this time. The Thunder had the game in hand by halftime.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link
Takeaways

Thunder: Oklahoma City made it clear quickly it wasn't letting Wednesday's loss linger and gave coach Mark Daigneault an easy one on a night when he wasn’t feeling well and wore a mask at times.

Knicks: The Knicks were booed multiple times in the first half of perhaps the low point of their season, which featured an 0-for-9 night by Mikal Bridges.

Key moment

Oklahoma City closed the first quarter with a 12-0 spurt to lead 31-17. The Thunder then unleashed a 19-5 run over more than six minutes of the second to extend a 12-point lead to 55-29. Joe got 11 points in that stretch.

Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
2024 NFL Wild Card picks, predictions: Back Russell Wilson Under passing yards
Geoff Schwartz is back with his best bets for Wild Card Weekend. Find out why he's backing the Bucs to cover the first half and how he's wagering on Russell...
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
Key stat

Adding Oklahoma City's 37-19 advantage in the decisive fourth quarter last Friday to its 31-17 lead after the first period of this game, the Thunder outscored the Knicks 68-36 over consecutive quarters.

Up next

The Knicks host Milwaukee on Sunday. The Thunder visit Washington that night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 NBA Mock Draft 1.0: Debate at the top with Cooper Flagg and Dylan Harper
'I was not prepared for what I saw': Lakers coach JJ Redick details devastation from Palisades Fire
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Oklahoma City Thunder
National Basketball Association
Mikal Bridges
Jalen Brunson
Isaiah Joe
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander
New York Knicks
Oklahoma City Thunder
NBA - Oklahoma City Thunder vs. New York Knicks - 01/11/2025
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/thunder-bounce-back-to-rout-knicks-126101-in-first-game-since-end-of-15game-win-streak 
 ----- 
