Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Nets' Cameron Johnson Shines in Preseason Loss
Johnson could be building trade value as rumors continue to circulate.
Jed Katz | Oct 19, 2024
Oct 18, 2024; Brooklyn, New York, USA; Brooklyn Nets small forward Cameron Johnson (2) shoots a three-point jump shot against the Toronto Raptors during the first half at Barclays Center. Mandatory Credit: Gregory Fisher-Imagn Images / Gregory Fisher-Imagn Images
In this story:
Brooklyn Nets
Toronto Raptors

The Brooklyn Nets fell to the Toronto Raptors last night, 116-112, in the team's final preseason game. Brooklyn will finish the preseason 1-3 and shift its focus to the regular season, which starts Oct. 23.

Shooting wasn't exactly a strong suit for the Nets last night, as seven players shot below 40%. The only players to shoot above were Cameron Johnson, Ben Simmons, Ziaire Williams, and Keon Johnson.

Johnson was the star for Brooklyn last night. In fact, he may have been the only reason it was a close game. The veteran forward ended with 32 points, five rebounds, four assists, and a block in 32 minutes.

The shooting was on display for the 28-year-old. Johnson shot 11-for-21 from the field and 7-for-14 from deep. The performance came at a great time, as trade rumors have been circulating about Johnson and veteran teammates Dorian Finney-Smith and Dennis Schroder for the last few months.

The performance shows why Johnson can be so effective for a playoff team. The 6-foot-8 wing can defend any position with his size and defensive IQ, and can fit into a solid offensive role on the other end. Johnson has shot below 37% from deep in just one season throughout his career, and has never been below 34% from deep in his career.

As the regular season approaches, Johnson will be a name to watch on the trade market. The 3&D still has a lot of value that can be added to a contender. Brooklyn will open the regular season in Atlanta, taking on the Hawks.

Want to join the discussion? Like Nets on SI on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Nets news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Oct 19, 2024
JED KATZ

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/nets/news/brooklyn-nets-cameron-johnson-shines-in-preseason-loss 
 ----- 
