Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Breaking News
OHIO STATE PUNCHES ITS TICKET TO CFP CHAMPIONSHIP
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
Nets waive Killian Hayes and Amari Bailey following preseason finale
Sharif Phillips-Keaton, Nets Wire
Sat, Oct 19, 2024·2 min read
Feb 7, 2024; Sacramento, California, USA; Detroit Pistons guard Killian Hayes (7) celebrates with team mates after a time out was called during the second quarter at Golden 1 Center. Mandatory Credit: Ed Szczepanski-USA TODAY Sports
More

The Brooklyn Nets are just days away from their season-opener on Oct. 23 at the Atlanta Hawks now that their preseason is over following Friday's finale against the Toronto Raptors. One of the unfortunate aspects of the preseason is that not every player who participates will make a roster for opening night and Brooklyn is not exempt from that reality.

The Nets announced on Saturday that they have waived guards Killian Hayes and Amari Bailey. To show how much contrast there is between various players on the same team, Brooklyn announced earlier in the day that the team converted forward Tyrese Martin to a Two-Way contract, giving him a chance to continue his NBA dream with the deal out of the preseason.

Hayes, 23, signed an Exhibit 10 deal, commonly known as a training camp contract, with the Nets this summer as he was trying to continue his NBA career after being waived by the Detroit Pistons last season after 210 games with the franchise. Unfortunately, Hayes was unable to play during the preseason due to a hip injury that he picked up during training camp.

Bailey, 20, had a similar situation to Hayes as he also came to Brooklyn this summer on an Exhibit 10 deal following the Charlotte Hornets not bringing Bailey back to camp after just one season with the team. Bailey played in two games during the preseason, averaging 2.0 points, 1.0 rebounds and 3.0 assists in 7.1 minutes per contest.

Despite Hayes and Bailey being waived, the door is still open for them to remain within Brooklyn's organization by signing with the team's G League affiliate, the Long Island Nets. Given that the Nets are entering the first year of what could be a long rebuild for the franchise, it's possible that both guards could get a chance to get minutes at the NBA level if some of the veterans are dealt by the trade deadline.

This article originally appeared on Nets Wire: Nets waive Killian Hayes and Amari Bailey following preseason finale

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Lakers' and Clippers' Saturday games postponed due to Los Angeles wildfires

Both Los Angeles teams have home games scheduled for Monday as well.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Ohio State opens as 9.5-point favorite over Notre Dame in national title game

The Buckeyes and Fighting Irish will meet on Jan. 20 in Atlanta.

40m ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

21m ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Jack Sawyer's fumble return TD cements Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will meet Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
Nick Saban elected to 2025 College Football Hall of Fame class

Saban won seven college football national championships, six of them during a legendary run at Alabama.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cotton Bowl score, results: Ohio State handles Texas, advances to title game

The title game is set.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
Pelicans' Herb Jones out indefinitely with torn labrum in his shoulder

It's been a hard season for the New Orleans Pelicans and it's about to get harder.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
2024 NFL All-Pro team announced, led by Lamar Jackson at QB

The Lions and Ravens led with four players each named first-team All-Pro.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck commits to Miami for final season of college football

Beck had entered the 2025 NFL Draft before heading into the transfer portal.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fact of Fiction: Zion Williamson should have a trade market

The Pelicans star's impact has been more theoretical than actual. Is there anywhere but New Orleans that still wants to test that theory?

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns, Jaguars, Jets to take part in 2025 NFL London Games

Madrid, Spain, and Berlin will also host NFL regular-season games in 2025.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
After another heartbreaking loss, will James Franklin and Penn State ever get over the hump?

Notre Dame is playing for a national title for the first time in 12 seasons, and Penn State has come up short yet again in a big-time matchup.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: The 5 key plays from Notre Dame's Orange Bowl win over Penn State

Both teams combined for 31 points in the fourth quarter after scoring just 20 in the first three quarters.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Tony Meola & Keith Costigan chat MLS & Milan, Dax McCarty talks beating Lionel Messi & a manager firing spree!

Christian and Alexis bring on USMNT legend Tony Meola and Apple TV Keith Costigan to chat the state of MLS ahead of the 2025 season. Then, Christian and Alexis have 19 season MLS veteran Dax McCarty join the show to look back at a decorated career that includes beating Messi. Later, Christian and Alexis eact to news in Europe including West Ham sacking head coach Julen Lopetegui as well as Tottenham and Newcastle taking the lead in their Carabao Cup semifinal ties.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles fires: NFL moves Vikings-Rams wild-card game to Arizona

Fans can start buying tickets for Vikings-Rams on Friday.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
What's next for the Padres, one of this winter's quietest teams?

An ownership struggle and financial limbo leave San Diego without a clear path forward in 2025.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/nets-waive-killian-hayes-amari-002429548.html 
 ----- 
