Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Nigeria, South Africa renew hostilities in bid for final berth
by ISMAEL KIYONGA
FEBRUARY 7, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Victor Osimhen, Nigerian hitman | Credit: CAF Media

Wednesday February 7, 2024

Stade de Bouake 8pm

Two former winners Nigeria and South Africa get the semi-finals at the 2023 TotalEnergies Africa Cup of Nations underway at the Stade Bouake on Wednesday aiming to reach the final.

South Africa will be hoping to revenge the 2000 defeat to the Super Eagles who denied them opportunity to play in the finals with a 2-0 defeat then.

Hugo Broos, the Bafana Bafana manager says pressure will be on the Super Eagles who have won the title three times and are favourites in this tie.

“Many people in South Africa didn’t believe in this team but we believed, and the players believed in themselves,” Broos stated after the quarter-final win.

“Reaching the semi-finals is great for South African football which has struggled in recent years.

“The semi-final will be tough against Nigeria’s great players but we have nothing to lose now. The players will recover and prepare, but staying focused is essential.”

The last Afcon meeting between the two sides was at the 2019 edition when Nigeria eliminated Bafana Bafana with a late goal at the Cairo International stadium in Egypt.

ISMAEL KIYONGA
ismael@kawowo.com

Senior Staff writer at Kawowo Sports mainly covering football More by Ismael Kiyonga

Leave a comment
All the qualified countries for Chan 2024 tournament
Busy January 2025 awaits CAF safety & security expert Okello | CAF appointments
Would-be URU Awards: 2024 was Okello, Lekuru’s year
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/02/07/nigeria-south-africa-renew-hostilities-in-bid-for-final-berth/ 
 ----- 
