SPORT
AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS SPAT
Diplomatic tensions, supporter strife swirl ahead of critical Bafana vs Nigeria Afcon semifinal
 Victor Osimhen of Nigeria during the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations quarterfinal against Angola on 2 February, 2024. (Photo: Lenoir Records/BackpagePix)
By Yanga Sibembe
 Follow
07 Feb 2024  5
Tension built up even before Bafana Bafana’s semifinal match on Wednesday evening with Nigeria in the Africa Cup of Nations — this time of a diplomatic kind.
Listen to this article
6 min

The Nigerian High Commission in South Africa, in reaction to xenophobic back-and-forth comments between Nigerians and South Africans on social media, issued a statement a day prior to the game.

“The High Commission hereby advises the Nigerian community to be watchful of their utterances, be mindful of where they choose to watch the match, especially in public places, and refrain from engaging in loud, riotous or provocative celebrations should the Super Eagles win the match,” read the statement from the Commission.

“Additionally, Nigerians should maintain the good conduct they are known for, and be law-abiding before, during and after the match.”

However, South Africa’s Department of International Relations and Cooperation (Dirco) responded on Wednesday that the advisory was “regrettable”.

“It seems to create alarm and unnecessary tension between the citizens of South Africa and Nigerians living in or visiting South Africa,” the department said.

“The South African national soccer team, Bafana Bafana, has played against their Nigerian counterparts, the Super Eagles, on many occasions, and there has been no history of soccer hooliganism among South Africans associated with the outcome of such encounters.”

Nigeria fans celebrate victory during the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations quarterfinal against Angola. (Photo: Lenoir Records/BackpagePix)

Nigeria the powerhouse

Nigeria has been one of the powerhouses of African football for decades now. They have three Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) titles to show for this general consistency. Only Egypt, Cameroon and Ghana have won the coveted continental title more than the Super Eagles, who made their Afcon debut six years after the inaugural edition, which took place in 1957.

Dating back to 1976, the Nigerians have been a team that regularly reaches the latter stages of the biennial tournament. As of the ongoing Afcon in Ivory Coast, the Super Eagles have swooped into the semifinals of the showpiece 16 times from their 20 all-time appearances.

This feat is a record at the tournament. Which Nigeria holds jointly with Egypt. Though the Pharaohs have managed it from six extra appearances to the Super Eagles’ 20. They are definitely African giants.

William Paul Ekong of Nigeria celebrates during the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations quarterfinal after Nigeria defated Angola. (Photo: Weam Mostafa/BackpagePix)

Nevertheless, their conversion rate when they reach this stage is poor. They should definitely have more than the three Africa titles they currently possess, which came in 1980, 1994 and 2013.

To complement those three gold medals, they have also won four silver medals, as well as eight bronze — with the silver and bronze hauls both being records at Afcon. Nigeria has recorded a total of 15 medals overall.

With all this in mind, it is clear that Bafana Bafana will have to dig extremely deep in order to navigate past the Nigerians, who boast seven victories to Bafana’s two when the teams have clashed in previous encounters. There has not been a winner on five occasions.

Though as South Africa’s skipper Ronwen Williams stated in a pre-match press conference, stats don’t win games. So, Nigeria’s impressive Afcon history will not intimidate Hugo Broos’s men.

Read more in Daily Maverick: Mamelodi Sundowns move reignited goalie Ronwen Williams’s love for the beautiful game

Turbulent months

Nigeria, who were bundled out of the quarterfinals during the previous Afcon two years ago, came into this tournament with a lot of scrutiny on them.

This was as a result of some less than satisfactory results, by their high standards. The Nigerian public was already on edge as the team failed to qualify for the Fifa World Cup in 2022. The first time this had happened since the Super Eagles had failed to book a flight to Germany in 2006.

Portuguese coach José Peseiro was then appointed in mid-2022, a few months after that disappointing Afcon exit, as well as the World Cup failure. He inherited the discontent that was emanating from the Super Eagles’ passionate support base.

Commencing their 2026 World Cup qualification campaign with two 1-1 draws against minnows Lesotho and Zimbabwe at the tail-end of last year did little to ease the pressure on the team and Peseiro.

Jose Peseiro, head coach of Nigeria. (Photo: Djaffar Ladjal/BackpagePix)

So, when they started their Afcon group phase with a draw against Equatorial Guinea, there was also already a sense of “here we go again”.

However, the Super Eagles have since soared. Winning all their games without conceding a single goal. Including the 1-0 victory against Angola that saw them book their spot in the semifinals.

“We’re in the semis, there’s great team spirit and commitment and we’re playing as a unit,” Peseiro said ahead of the crucial clash.

“We have a huge game against a strong team in South Africa and we want to win to reach the final. Because that is our goal.”

A run to the final will grant Peseiro and his men breathing room. As the team’s talisman Victor Osimhen indicated in the earlier stages of the tournament.

Jose Peseiro instructs Victor Osimhen of Nigeria during the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations quarterfinal. (Photo: Gavin Barker/BackpagePix)

“All of us are desperate to make up for failing to reach the 2022 World Cup. The only way we can achieve that goal is by winning the Cup of Nations,” Osimhen said.

“We are capable of winning this tournament because the squad is packed with players who are performing exceptionally well for their European clubs.”

Though South Africa’s squad is made of up by a majority of players who play in South Africa, they have shown that they will not be intimidated by anyone — even though the Nigerians are huge favourites on paper. DM

Kickoff is 7pm SA time.

 
Daily Maverick needs your support

We're not asking you to pay for every article you read. We're asking you to support us so that we can keep doing what South Africa needs us to do. Without the support of our readers, we won't be able to keep going.

If you really can't afford the price of an extra cup of coffee a week, then know this: we will never force you to pay. We've got your back and one day, you'll have ours.

Support Daily Maverick→

Africa Cup of NationsBafana BafanaGrant KekanaNigeriaSportsVictor Osimhen
Comments - Please login in order to comment.

All Comments 5

Middle aged Mike
7 February 2024 at 14:27

“It seems to create alarm and unnecessary tension between the citizens of South Africa and Nigerians living in or visiting South Africa,” the department said.

Ja, are they pretending to have forgotten about the not uncommon outbreaks of murderous xenophobia for which we are well known.

Bonga Siyothula
7 February 2024 at 14:51

Oh wow! can’t believe the Nigerian High Commission actually issued that. It is just a game of football. Social media is social media. And football banter on social media is just that, football banter finish!…having said that, here’s to Bafana mercilessly plucking the furthers of the so-called Super Eagles’ furthers on their way to the final of this year’s tournament. Viva Mzansi!

Geoff Coles
7 February 2024 at 14:57

Difficult to get excited!

Sydney Kaye
7 February 2024 at 15:52

South Africa (or actually the ANC ) falls out with everybody. While Africa moves forward all the ANC can offer is smug anrrogance and outdated ideology.

Gary De Sousa
7 February 2024 at 16:45

Its a game you silly people

ADVERTISEMENT
Don't want to see this? Remove ads
 
Stay off Biscuit's naughty list this festive season.

This is Biscuit, the Daily Maverick dog. She is here, in all her glory, to ask you to become a Maverick Insider this festive season.

If you appreciate the impact Daily Maverick has on South Africa, support us for only R2.76 a day (R75 a month).

Gift Biscuit a treat, support our work.

JOIN MAVERICK INSIDER 

Already an Insider?
Click here to login

TOP READS THIS HOUR
MAVERICK NEWS
SABC to investigate employee accused of abuse and racism aboard FlySafair flight
AFRICA
Farewell Nigeria — why young Nigerians are leaving home for good
MAVERICK NEWS
Hyena kills young girl at Timbavati Private Nature Reserve
MAVERICK NEWS
Table Mountain fire ‘largely contained’ as alleged arsonist arrested
OUR BURNING PLANET
Polluters and poachers feel the sting of environmental guardians the Green Scorpions
TOP READS IN SECTION
MAVERICK NEWS
SABC to investigate employee accused of abuse and racism aboard FlySafair flight
MAVERICK NEWS
Hyena kills young girl at Timbavati Private Nature Reserve
MAVERICK NEWS
Tavern owner arrested for allegedly attempting to bribe police
MAVERICK NEWS
Nasa spacecraft ‘safe’ after reaching Sun's outer atmostphere in closest ever pass
MAVERICK NEWS
Grit, determination and a Faffie at first stage of ‘world’s toughest inflatable boat race’
SPONSORED CONTENT
SPONSORED CONTENT
Standard Bank pioneers real-time payment requests for businesses with launch of PayShap Request for corporates
SPONSORED CONTENT
Popular investment migration programs for South Africans looking to relocate
SPONSORED CONTENT
Reflecting on 2024: taking the fork in the road
SPONSORED CONTENT
Oasis Water introduces South Africa’s first fully recyclable 10L PET refill dispenser bottle
SPONSORED CONTENT
How Christmas decorations are changing lives and saving the future
Investigations
News & Analysis
Features
Newsletters
Community
DM168

Daily Maverick © All rights reserved

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2024-02-07-diplomatic-tensions-supporter-strife-sour-critical-bafana-versus-nigeria-afcon-semifinal-build-up/ 
 ----- 
