Most Widely Read Newspaper

Home
News
Featured
Investigations
Metro Plus
Videos
Politics
Business
HealthWise
Editorial
Columns
PUNCH Lite
Embassy cautions Nigerians in S’Africa ahead Bafana clash
6th February 2024
By 
Johnny Edward

The Nigerian High Commission in South Africa has advised Nigerians living in the Rainbow Nation against engaging their Bafana Bafana counterparts in any confrontation before, during and after their semi-final clash at the ongoing 2023 AFCON in Ivory Coast on Wednesday, The PUNCH reports.

This was contained in a statement issued by the High Commission of the Federal Republic of Nigeria in Pretoria and seen by our correspondent on Monday.

Nigeria and bitter rivals South Africa clash at the Stade de la Paix in Bouake for a place in the AFCON final.

The High Commission warned Nigerians to be watchful of their utterances and refrain from riotous or provocative celebrations should the Eagles win the match.

Related News
 Top 10 Nigeria’s sporting triumphs and challenges in 2024
 Crisis looms as Eagles’ form raises AFCON, W’Cup concerns
 Late Guirassy goal boosts Guinea in AFCON qualifying

The statement titled, ‘Advisory on safe conduct for Nigerians in South Africa before, during and after 2024 AFCON match between Super Eagles and Bafana Bafana,’ read, “The attention of the Nigeria High Commission Pretoria has been drawn to potentially inflammatory online comments made by a section of South African citizens against Nigerians living in host country, largely influenced by the upcoming 2024 African Cup of Nations (AFCON) semi-final match between the Super Eagles and the Bafana Bafana on Wednesday 7th February 2024.

“Most of the comments consist of veiled threats against “Nigerians cooking jollof rice” before the match, and “showing pepper to Nigerians if the Bafana Bafana lose to the Super Eagles”, among others.

“In this regard, the High Commission hereby advises the Nigerian community to be watchful of their utterances, be mindful of where they choose to watch the match, especially in public places and refrain from engaging in loud, riotous or provocative celebrations should the Super Eagles win the match.

“Additionally, Nigerians should maintain the good conduct they are known for, and be law-abiding before, during and after the match. Should any provocations arise, they should not be reciprocated but reported to the appropriate authorities.”

Johnny Edward

PUNCH's Johnny has been covering sports for over 15 years with a passion for reporting football, racquet sports and fact-finding stories

Kindly share this story:

All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH.

Contact: theeditor@punchng.com

Stay informed and ahead of the curve! Follow The Punch Newspaper on WhatsApp for real-time updates, breaking news, and exclusive content. Don't miss a headline – join now!

Join The Punch Newspapers Channel

FOREX, BITCOIN, AND BINARY PROFESSIONAL TRADER Do you require the services of a professional trader who can help you trade your online Forex, Bitcoin, and Binary accounts for 10-20% weekly profit (ROI)? Would you like assistance with passing your prop firm account? For details, visit: https://standfx.org/ , WhatsApp: +2348083173502

Top News
El-Rufai slams Reno Omokri as paid political mercenary
February 19, 2022
Guard of honour not exclusive to Seyi Tinubu – CADETN
I brought you back to life politically, Wike slams Odili
Turji's threat to destroy Zamfara, affront on Nigerian Army —  APC chieftain
News
Sports
Metro Plus
Politics
Featured
Latest News
Business
Business & Economy
Opinion
Entertainment
Auto Famous
Barka Da Sallah
Barrier Breakers
Breaking News
Brexit
Columns
Corona
Anti-corruption
Biafra
Boko Haram
Case Review
Court News
Court Trivia
Campus Champion
Celebrity
City round
Interview
Panorama
Opinion
Special Features
Spice
Technology
Famous Parent
Education
Cartoon
Columns
Diaspora
Advertise
Subscribe
Subscribe

punchng.com © 1971- 2024 Punch Nigeria Limited

About us Advertise with us Contact
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://punchng.com/embassy-cautions-nigerians-in-safrica-ahead-bafana-clash/ 
 ----- 
