Skip to content
Share
NEWS
SPORT
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS & FINANCE
VIDEO
WIN
Nigeria's forward #9 Victor Osimhen reacts during the Africa Cup of Nations (CAN) 2024 quarter-final football match between Nigeria and Angola at the Felix Houphouet-Boigny Stadium in Abidjan on February 2, 2024. Image: FRANCK FIFE / AFP
Nigeria struck by hammer blow as star man in doubt for semi

Nigeria star Victor Osimhen has not travelled with the team ahead of their Africa Cup of Nations showdown with Bafana.

By James Richardson
06-02-24 07:44
in Soccer

Leading striker Victor Osimhen of Nigeria has been injured before their Africa Cup of Nations semi-final matchup with Bafana Bafana.

Osimhen, , the current African Footballer of the Year,  has started each of Nigeria’s five AFCON games thus far. He has one goal and two assists to his name but is also a big part of how the team plays.

ALSO READ: Bafana Bafana’s luck to run out against Super Eagles

SUPER EAGLES STRUCK A BLOW

One of the most important players on Jose Peseiro’s team has experienced “abdominal discomfort” and at first has not travelled with the club.

“Members of the team traveled from Abidjan to Bouaké today via a 10pm Air Cote D’Ivoire flight,” read a statement.

ALSO READ: Nigeria vs South Africa – Afcon semi-final date and time

“Osimhen did not however make the trip as a result of an abdominal discomfort. Team medics confirmed that he has been placed under close watch with a member of the medical team staying behind in Abidjan with him.

“If cleared by tomorrow morning, he will join the rest of the squad before 5pm.”

ALSO READ: PSL transfer rumours

Nigeria will face South Africa at Bouaké’s Stade de la Paix in the semi-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations competition on Wednesday 7 February 2024.

WHEN IS NIGERIA VS SOUTH AFRICA?

Kick-off will be at 17:00 local time, that is 19:00 in South Africa and 18:00 in Nigeria on Wednesday.

ALSO READ: English Premier League comes calling for Teboho Mokoena

SABC Sport and SABC One will broadcast Nigeria vs South Africa. In Nigeria the local broadcaster is AfroSport.

Other global broadcasters include beIN Sport, which will show the tournament in the Middle East and North Africa region, as well as France and the United States; CANAL+, which will show the event in French in Sub-Saharan Africa; GTV in Ghana; Supersport in Southern Africa; ZIGGO Sport in the Netherlands; Sky Sports in the United Kingdom and Ireland; and the CAF’s own media channels, which will show games in some countries.

Graduating soon? Join our graduate program for women in journalism here

Tags:
Africa Cup of Nations
Featured
Important
Nigeria
South Africa
Post navigation
ADVERTISEMENT

TheSouthAfrican.com is all about South Africa and the stories that affect South Africans, wherever they are in the world.

We're independent.
No agenda.
No bias.

Follow us
About us
Newsletters
Terms, Conditions, Privacy & GDPR
Contact Us
Women in Journalism

Our offices are for administrative purposes only, no visitors will be accepted without an appointment.

South Africa – Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd - Registration Number: 2005/028472/07 - Address: Regus Business Centre, 1st Floor, Block B, North Park, Black River Park, 2 Fir Street, Observatory, Cape Town, 7925, South Africa

Copyright Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thesouthafrican.com/sport/soccer/nigeria-struc-hammer-blow-star-man-doubt-semi-final-afcon/ 
 ----- 
