Trending topics:
Premier League TV Schedule
La Liga TV Schedule
Bundesliga TV Schedule
Serie A TV Schedule
Primeira Liga TV Schedule
CONNECT WITH US
?
Barcelona eyes Milan star Rafael Leao, Christian Pulisic's $75M teammate
Cristiano Ronaldo calls Rodri's Ballon d'Or win 'unfair,' names Vinicius Jr. as winner
WATCH LIVE ON TV AND STREAMING
How to watch Guatemala vs Costa Rica on US TV and live streaming

by World Soccer Talk September 09, 2024

Here are all of the details of where you can watch Guatemala vs Costa Rica on US television and via legal streaming:
WHO	Guatemala vs Costa Rica
WHAT	Concacaf Nations League
WHEN	10pm ET / 7pm PT • Monday, September 9, 2024
WHERE	Paramount+
FREE TRIAL	WATCH NOW
How to watch anywhere with VPN
If you’re abroad, you may need to use a virtual private network (VPN) in order to watch games using your usual streaming service. A VPN, such as NordVPN, allows you to establish a secure connection online when streaming. If you are not sure which VPN to use, check out World Soccer Talk’s guide to the best VPNs for streaming soccer.
Paramount+ is now offering a 7-day free trial promotion for new subscribers, giving fans the ability to watch a ton of soccer fans (and other content) for free.
Amorim on Manchester United's 2-0 defeat to Wolves
After the 7-day trial, Paramount+ is just $7.99 per month.
Paramount+ features more than 2,000 live matches each year. In addition to Serie A, the extensive portfolio of soccer properties also includes Coppa Italia, UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League and UEFA Europa Conference League; English Football League; Carabao Cup; NWSL; Argentina’s Liga Profesional de Fútbol, and more.
Paramount+ includes exclusive original programs such as: Halo, Star Trek: Discovery, Frasier, Lawmen: Bass Reeves, and Evil, as well as movies including Mean Girls, Mission: Impossible Dead Reckoning and more. You can also stream CBSN (CBS News), CBS Sports HQ and ET Live, as well as — with the Premium Plan — your local CBS network.
Paramount+ is available on PC or Mac as well as Roku, iPhone and Android phones, Apple TV, Chromecast, Amazon Fire TV, PlayStation 4, Samsung smart TV, Vizio and XBOX One.
Courtesy of World Soccer Talk, download a complimentary copy of The Ultimate Soccer TV And Streaming Guide, which features details on where to watch all of the leagues from around the world on US TV and streaming.
To find out when soccer games are on, download the free Soccer TV Schedules App which includes listings of all of the live soccer matches available in the United States (available on Apple iOS devices and Android devices).
Here are the steps to sign up for your 7-day free trial to Paramount+:
1. After clicking the ‘Try It Free’ button, you’ll see the following page that explains the two choices you’ll find. Click ‘Continue’ to be presented with the options:

2. Choose between the ‘Paramount+ Essential’ or ‘Paramount+ With Showtime’ options. If you want to save over 15% with an annual plan, click the Annual option. Then hit ‘Continue’ to move on.

3. Next, you’ll need to create a free Paramount+ account:

4. Enter your contact details, and click ‘Continue’ to move to the next step.

5. The following page explains the free 7-day trial:

6. Enter your payment details and then click ‘Start Paramount+’ to begin your free trial.

Photo credit: Imago
200+ Channels With Sports & News
Starting price: $33/mo. for fubo Latino Package
Watch Premier League, Liga MX & Copa Libertadores
Browse Offers
The New Home of MLS
Price: $14.99/mo. for MLS Season Pass
Watch every MLS game including playoffs & Leagues Cup
Browse Offers
Many Sports & ESPN Originals
Price: $10.99/mo. (or get ESPN+, Hulu & Disney+ for $14.99/mo.)
Features Bundesliga, LaLiga, NWSL, & USL
Browse Offers
2,000+ soccer games per year
Price: $7.99/mo
Features Champions League, Serie A, Europa League & EFL
Try It Free
175 Premier League Games & PL TV
Starting price: $7.99/mo. for Peacock Premium
Watch 175 exclusive EPL games per season
Browse Offers
RELATED TOPICS
LATEST NEWS
Barcelona eyes Milan star Rafael Leao, Christian Pulisic's $75M teammate
Cristiano Ronaldo calls Rodri's Ballon d'Or win 'unfair,' names Vinicius Jr. as winner
Cristiano Ronaldo addresses Manchester United's problems: 'It's not the coaches'
Cristiano Ronaldo's Bold Statement: SPL Better Than Ligue 1?
Saudi Pro League Stars Shine, But Fans Stay Home: EFL Clubs Embarrass Ronaldo, Benzema, Neymar
How to watch Arsenal vs Ipswich Town in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Premier League
2025 La Liga market values: Lamine Yamal surpasses Kylian Mbappe – How much are Vinicius and Jude Bellingham worth?
IFFHS Team of the Year 2024: Bellingham, Vinicius in; Mbappe, Messi, Ronaldo left out
Straight from Real Madrid's grasp: Barcelona aims to snatch Premier League star who once confessed love for Hansi Flick’s side
Barcelona backlash: Dani Olmo's registration rejected as free agency and Premier League move loom
STREAMING OFFERS

Includes: Premier League + 84 Sports Channels

Sign Up

Includes: Bundesliga & La Liga

Sign Up

Includes: Champions League & Serie A

7-Day Free Trial

Includes: Premier League

Sign Up

Includes: every MLS game and Leagues Cup

Browse Offers

Want new articles, insider deals and TV schedules emailed daily to your inbox, FREE?

First Name
Email Address
Favorite League / Competition
Favorite Team
Subscribe
EDITORS’ PICKS
Barcelona eyes Milan star Rafael Leao, Christian Pulisic's $75M teammate
As tensions with coach Paulo Fonseca rise, Christian Pulisic may lose a key AC Milan teammate, Rafael Leao, amid reported interest from FC Barcelona.
Cristiano Ronaldo calls Rodri's Ballon d'Or win 'unfair,' names Vinicius Jr. as winner
Manchester City and Spain midfielder Rodri sparked widespread debate after being awarded the 2024 Ballon d'Or. The selection, made by journalists from France Football, has been met with criticism, particularly from Real Madrid supporters. Now, Cristiano Ronaldo has weighed in during the Globe Soccer Awards, labeling the decision as "unfair" and naming Real Madrid star […]
Cristiano Ronaldo addresses Manchester United's problems: 'It's not the coaches'
Club legend Cristiano Ronaldo identifies Manchester United's real issue, stating, 'It’s not the coaches,' but something much deeper.
Cristiano Ronaldo's Bold Statement: SPL Better Than Ligue 1?
Cristiano Ronaldo has once again stirred the pot, questioning the quality of France’s Ligue 1 compared to the Saudi Pro League. He has thus taken a subtle aim at the dominance of PSG and indirectly referencing global superstars Lionel Messi, Neymar, and Kylian Mbappe.
About World Soccer Talk
Meet the Team
Media Coverage
Apply As A Journalist
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Editorial Policy
Ad Choices
Contact Us

World Soccer Talk © 2024. Made in Florida.
World Soccer Talk, like Futbol Sites, is a company owned by Better Collective. All rights reserved. World Soccer Talk is reader-supported and may earn a commission through our partner links.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://worldsoccertalk.com/watch-on-us-tv/guatemala-vs-costa-rica-on-us-tv-and-live-streaming/ 
 ----- 
