Skip to content
Subscribe Now
70°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Politics
Health
Environment
Orange County
North OC
Anaheim
Brea
Buena Park
Cypress
Fullerton
Garden Grove
La Habra
La Palma
Orange + Villa Park
Placentia
Santa Ana
Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos
Stanton
Tustin
Westminster
Yorba Linda
South OC
Costa Mesa
Dana Point
Fountain Valley
Huntington Beach
Irvine
Laguna Beach
Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo
Laguna Hills
Ladera Ranch
Lake Forest
Laguna Woods
Mission Viejo
Newport Beach
Rancho Santa Margarita
San Clemente
San Juan Capistrano
Sports
Sports
Angels
Dodgers
Chargers
Rams
Ducks
Kings
Lakers
High School Sports
Clippers
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music + Concerts
Amusement Parks + Disneyland
Theater + Arts
Casinos
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Books
Comics
Puzzles
Best of Orange County
Orange County Register Store
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County January 10, 2025 at 10:23 am
SPORTSMLBLOS ANGELES ANGELSNews
Angels send down top prospect Caden Dana after 2 straight rough starts
Dana, 20, won his first major league start, but he allowed 10 runs in the next two. Manager Ron Washington says they don't want Dana ‘out there getting negative vibes about his outings when they’re not going the way he wanted them to go.’
Angels pitcher Caden Dana is going to have to wait until next year to show that he’s better than the 10.45 ERA he had after three starts in the major leagues. The Angels announced on Monday that they optioned Dana back to Double-A, ending the season for the 20-year-old right-hander. (Photo by Sam Hodde/Getty Images)
By JEFF FLETCHER | jlfletcher@scng.com | Orange County Register
UPDATED: September 16, 2024 at 5:36 PM PDT

ANAHEIM — Caden Dana is going to have to wait until next year to show that he’s better than the 10.45 ERA he had after three starts in the major leagues.

The Angels announced on Monday that they optioned Dana, ending the season for the 20-year-old right-hander.

“He had a long year and we don’t want him out there getting negative vibes about his outings when they’re not going the way he wanted them to go,” Manager Ron Washington said. “So we just felt like we need to go ahead and take it away from him.”

The Angels’ top prospect, Dana was promoted to the majors from Double-A. He became the youngest pitcher to start a game for the Angels in more than 50 years when he pitched on Sept. 1 against the Seattle Mariners. He went six innings and gave up two runs in that game, picking up a victory.

In the two subsequent starts, though, he gave up 10 runs in 4⅓ innings.

Dana’s final two starts would have been against the same teams that he just faced, the Texas Rangers and Houston Astros. He said on Sunday that he was “excited to show them my best stuff, which they haven’t seen yet.”

Washington suggested on Monday that Dana is “not as his best because of the year he’s had and the amount of work that he’s put in.”

Including the 23 starts he made at Double-A Rocket City, Dana has pitched 145⅔ innings this season, which was just his second full professional season after he was drafted in 2022. He pitched 68⅓ innings last season.

“He took it like a pro,” Washington said. “He knows what we are doing is in his best interest. He’s a young baby. He’s following our lead. We decided to shut him down, and that was the end of that.”

The Angels recalled left-hander Kenny Rosenberg to take Dana’s spot, but Rosenberg will go into the bullpen.

The Angels will go back to a five-man rotation for the rest of the season, with left-handers Reid Detmers, Tyler Anderson and José Suarez, and right-handers Griffin Canning and Jack Kochanowicz.

NOTES

The Angels moved second baseman Christian Moore to the instructional league after the completion of the Double-A season on Monday. There was speculation that Moore, who was just drafted in July, might be in the majors before the end of this season, but that is now not likely, according to a source. Moore had a .984 OPS in his first 25 professional games. He missed two weeks with a knee injury before returning to action on Saturday for one last Double-A game. …

RELATED ARTICLES
Angels avoid arbitration with Taylor Ward, Jo Adell, 3 others
Tyler Skaggs’ family, Angels battle over cell phones as wrongful death trial looms
Angels acquire Chuckie Robinson from White Sox for catching depth
Perry Minasian hoping groundwork was laid in Dallas for more Angels upgrades this winter
Angels win No. 2 pick in 2025 MLB draft lottery

Outfielder Mickey Moniak was not in the lineup a day after he was hit in the hand by a pitch. The Angels said Moniak was still just day to day, because they hadn’t yet received results of the tests he was to undergo on Monday. …

Outfielder Kevin Pillar, who is out with a left thumb sprain, said it is “100%” that he will be activated before the season is over. Pillar has said he’s leaning toward retiring at the end of the season. …

Infielder Brandon Drury has been doing defensive drills and taking batting practice, but his hamstring injury is still keeping him out of the lineup. He has not played since last Wednesday. Washington said he could pinch-hit on Monday, but he couldn’t run full speed.

UP NEXT

White Sox (RHP Davis Martin, 0-4, 4.14 ERA) at Angels (RHP Griffin Canning, 5-13, 5.35 ERA), Tuesday, 6:38 p.m., Bally Sports West, 830 AM

Originally Published: September 16, 2024 at 5:30 PM PDT
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code)
OTTO Quotes
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
A Must-have for Everyone in Council Bluffs: The $59 Blood Sugar Testing Smartwatch
Ribili
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Experts Reveal Best Roof Type for Iowa Homes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
A 65-yr-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All Around
Libiyi
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Factcheck: Was the LAFD budget cut? No, it actually increased. Here’s how.
How to help Southern California wildfire victims
Disney Imagineers who built Disneyland lost their homes in Altadena fire
Palisades fire tops 20,000 acres, crews achieve 8% containment
Anna Li, Jiani Wu suspended by U.S. Center for SafeSport for abusing athletes
Dodgers sign 4 arbitration-eligible players to 1-year contracts
Another emergency evacuation alert sent erroneously by LA County
When will California’s Great America close? 7 signs the end is near
These are landmarks and businesses destroyed by Eaton, Palisades fires in LA County
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Another OC COVID contractor accused of fraud scheme in whistleblower lawsuit
20 some trees felled on property next to Environmental Nature Center in Newport Beach
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN LOS ANGELES ANGELS
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Angels avoid arbitration with Taylor Ward, Jo Adell, 3 others
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Tyler Skaggs’ family, Angels battle over cell phones as wrongful death trial looms
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Angels acquire Chuckie Robinson from White Sox for catching depth
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Perry Minasian hoping groundwork was laid in Dallas for more Angels upgrades this winter
2024
September
16
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Obituary
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT OC REGISTER
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work With Us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
CONTACT US
Corrections
OC Register Store
Reader Rewards
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
PARTNERS
Live Traffic Map
Newspapers in Education
Sponsor a Student
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ocregister.com/2024/09/16/angels-send-down-top-prospect-caden-dana-after-2-straight-rough-starts/ 
 ----- 
