Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Rays' bullpen shines after Pepiot's early hook
Share
Rays' bullpen shines after Pepiot's early hook
September 13th, 2024

Henry Palattella

@hellapalattella
Share

0:01

0:08

CLEVELAND -- About two hours before the start of the Rays’ matchup against the Guardians on Thursday, manager Kevin Cash sat in the visitors’ dugout at Progressive Field and raved about Ryan Pepiot’s pitch mix.

Once the game started, the crowd at Progressive Field only got to see 38 examples of that pitch mix, as Tampa Bay’s top starter threw just two innings in the club's 5-2 win before being lifted due to a dip in velocity.

Pepiot’s fastball averaged 93.6 mph, which is 1.3 mph lower than his season average of 94.9. His changeup was also 1.5 mph slower than his season average (84.4 mph, compared to 85.9).

“He’s fine. He’ll make his next start,” manager Kevin Cash said. “After [watching the first two innings], we decided it was best to just get him out of the game.”

The outing is tied for the shortest of Pepiot’s career, and his 38 pitches are the lowest amount he’s had in any Major League appearance. Pepiot is now at 115 innings this season, which is his career high in an MLB season.

“It’s been a long season for him, and we felt a lighter workload would help him finish out the year,” Cash said.

Last season with the Dodgers, Pepiot only threw 64 2/3 innings between Triple-A and MLB after missing the start of the season with a left oblique injury. The year prior, he threw 127 2/3 frames between the two levels. Both the Dodgers and the Rays have done their part to limit the amount of innings Pepiot has worked, as he’s pitched behind an opener seven times in his career and has only gone more than six innings once.

“They made a decision, and it was the right one,” Pepiot said.

Pepiot said he wasn’t sure why his velocity was down and that everything felt fine during pregame warmups.

“It felt like I didn’t have any extra zip on anything,” Pepiot said.

This isn’t the first time the Rays have done something like this. In August 2022, starter Drew Rasmussen tossed three hitless innings on 33 pitches before being lifted. After that start, Cash said that lifting Rasmussen was part of the team’s plan, as they had two scheduled off-days on the calendar and wanted to be mindful of the right-hander's innings count.

Pepiot’s early hook on Thursday came in a bit of a different situation. Not only are the Rays on the back-end of a 10-game road trip against three division leaders, but they’re the first team in MLB history to face off against three consecutive division leaders on a road trip in September.

Related
Why the rotation is Rays' strong point entering '25

January 10th, 2025

Rays avoid arbitration with 4 players; Walls headed to hearing

January 10th, 2025

Pepiot throws immaculate inning as part of career-high 12-K night

September 19th, 2024

Rays eye wild September: 'We've got to get hotter than hot'

September 1st, 2024

It was brother vs. brother on the mound at Triple-A

June 3rd, 2024

Marlins boost 'pen, deal for O's Scott, Sulser

April 4th, 2022

“Coming into the season, we looked at this trip and knew each of these teams [Orioles, Phillies, Guardians] would be in the postseason hunt,” said first baseman Josh Lowe, who went 1-for-3 with a run scored. “We’ve been playing competitive baseball lately and it just hasn’t fallen our way, but tonight was a testament to us.”

Reliever Cole Sulser was the first pitcher Cash called upon after Pepiot exited, and the right-hander rewarded his manager’s faith in him with three scoreless frames -- an inning longer than Pepiot’s start ended up being.

“We don’t win the game without him,” Cash said. “We pushed him and tried to squeeze one more out of him, and he did it.”

Sulser, whom the Rays acquired from the Mets at the end of July, has now tossed 9 2/3 scoreless innings in his five appearances (two starts) with Tampa Bay. Three of those five outings have been for two or more innings.

“I feel like having multiple pitches has helped me keep hitters off balance and allowed me to have success in whatever role the Rays need me in,” Sulser said.

After Sulser, Mason Montgomery, Garrett Cleavinger, Manuel Rodríguez and Richard Lovelady combined to allow one hit over the last four innings for a bullpen that was a man short thanks to Edwin Uceta serving the last day of his two-game suspension.

“This was great for the bullpen,” Sulser said.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Additionally, José Caballero went 2-for-3 with a double and RBI and also stole his American League-leading 40th base, making him the fourth player in Rays history to steal at least 40 bases in one season.

“He’s done a good job in the second half of picking spots to go,” Cash said. “But every time he gets on base, the pitcher, catcher and opposing dugout are extremely mindful of him.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Tampa Bay Rays
Ryan Pepiot
Cole Sulser

Henry Palattella is a contributor to MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

January 10th, 2025

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

January 10th, 2025

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

January 10th, 2025

Who signed and who didn't? Breaking down the arbitration deadline

January 10th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/ryan-pepiot-pulled-after-two-innings-vs-guardians 
 ----- 
