Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Alcantara confirms he's done for 2023; 'no idea' about surgery
Share
Alcantara confirms he's done for 2023; 'no idea' about surgery
September 23rd, 2023

Christina De Nicola

@cdenicola13
Share

0:00

1:28

MIAMI -- If the Marlins want to reach the playoffs for the first time in a full season in 20 years, they will have to do so without their ace. Right-hander Sandy Alcantara announced that he is done for the 2023 season prior to Miami’s 5-4 win over Milwaukee on Saturday afternoon.

"Very frustrating for me," Alcantara said. "A guy like me who always likes to compete -- I feel sorry for all the fans, my family, my son, my friends, for the city -- because I'm not going to be out there this year. Hopefully I've got to be ready for next year. I don't know, so I've just got to be positive."

Alcantara was unsure of the next step, saying he would have to get together with his agent Adriel Reyes, Marlins general manager Kim Ng and manager Skip Schumaker to make a decision -- one that could include surgery and potentially impact his 2024.

"I don't know," Alcantara said. "I can't say yes, I can't say no, so I've just got to keep positive and just talk then and see what they say."

Initially diagnosed with a right forearm flexor strain, Alcantara was placed on the 15-day injured list for the first time in his career with an arm issue on Sept. 6 after feeling discomfort on his 94th and final pitch on Sept. 3 in Washington. An MRI then revealed a right UCL sprain.

Ten days after that diagnosis, the 28-year-old played catch on flat ground in Milwaukee. Just five days ago, Alcantara was hopeful he could return this season after throwing two pain-free bullpen sessions. He began a rehab assignment with Triple-A Jacksonville on Thursday, throwing four scoreless innings on 51 pitches (34 strikes) and maxing out at 98.3 mph. But he shut himself down after experiencing forearm tightness and traveled back to Miami.

Related
Alcantara in 'Opening Day form' as he hits 99 mph in live BP session

September 18th, 2024

Alcantara ahead of schedule in Tommy John rehab

August 28th, 2024

'A great moment': Alcantara throws for first time post-TJ surgery

March 9th, 2024

Miami comes to terms with all 5 of its arb-eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Edwards 'so fortunate' to share game he loves with youth

January 9th, 2025

Marlins lose Garrett for 2025 after left elbow surgery

January 9th, 2025

"I was so happy before I got there to the Minor Leagues," said Alcantara, whose forearm feels better than it did during the game. "I felt great in my bullpen [sessions], but I just felt something over there in the Minor Leagues, [in the] third inning. I talked to my trainer and made the decision to not go out there anymore."

Until his injury, Alcantara led all qualified pitchers with 858 1/3 innings pitched since 2019, including back-to-back 200-plus-frame seasons from '21-22. His 6.66 innings per start over the past three years were the highest by any qualified starter in a three-year span since Corey Kluber averaged 6.74 IP per start from 2016-18.

Though Alcantara wasn't as sharp this season, with a 4.14 ERA and a 1.21 WHIP over 28 starts compared to his 2.28 ERA and 0.98 WHIP in his 2022 NL Cy Young season, he remained a workhorse; as of Saturday he was tied for an MLB-leading three complete games (one shutout).

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

"Sandy is an absolute warrior," Schumaker said. "Great teammate -- wanted to do everything he could to come back, and he tried. ... I think that goes a long way in that clubhouse when, maybe throughout the years, some guys have pulled the chute on some minor things. The guy was hurt and still tried to make it, still tried to help us, and it shows what he's all about and what he means to us. He's going to be around -- we need him around. It's bad news, obviously -- that's not good news -- but it just shows you who he is."

The Marlins (79-75) entered Saturday one game back of the Cubs (80-74) for the third NL Wild Card spot. Alcantara was on the mound when the franchise snapped a 17-year playoff drought in 2020, recording a quality start in an NL Wild Card Series Game 1 victory over the Chicago at Wrigley Field.

"I think the thing that broke my heart [is] not being able to go [out] there with my teammates, competing," Alcantara said. "It doesn't matter what happens. I've just got to keep supporting them in here, out there, inside, everywhere they are. So hopefully we make the playoffs this year without me, so I'm just going to be here supporting."

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Sandy Alcantara
Miami Marlins

Christina De Nicola covers the Marlins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:15 PM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/sandy-alcantara-2023-season-over 
 ----- 
