Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
First Baseman Rowdy Tellez Goes Viral For Sending Milwaukee Brewers to Playoffs
Rowdy Tellez made history in first career appearance on the mound Friday, tossing 1.0 scoreless inning to gift the Milwaukee Brewers a postseason berth.
Sam Connon | Sep 23, 2023
First Baseman Rowdy Tellez Goes Viral For Sending Milwaukee Brewers to Playoffs /
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers
Miami Marlins

The Milwaukee Brewers continued their modern run of success by clinching a fifth playoff bid in six years Friday night, and they did so in viral and historic fashion.

With his Brewers holding a 16-1 lead over the Miami Marlins, manager Craig Counsell sent first baseman Rowdy Tellez out to pitch the ninth. Tellez, who had never pitched in his six-year MLB career, got a chance to do so on one of the biggest stages possible.

Tellez gave up a single to the first batter he saw, but the 6-foot-4, 270-pound lefty was lights out from there on out.

After battling through a nine-pitch at-bat, Tellez struck out right fielder Jesús Sánchez on a 63 mile-per-hour fastball. Tellez then induced a fly out and a pop out to end the game, becoming the first position player ever to record the final out the day his team clinched a playoff spot, per MLB.com's Sarah Langs.

A few teammates came to swarm Tellez in the infield, but their brief jig was the extent of the on-field festivities down in Miami.

Tellez admitted after the game that he would have owed bench coach Pat Murphy $50 if he had walked anyone. Instead, Tellez allowed just one hit in his scoreless frame.

After calling himself a Cy Young candidate when he spoke to the media after the game, Tellez started to brag to his teammates that his 1.000 WHIP was better than theirs.

The Brewers have a chance to clinch the NL Central title Saturday, with first pitch for game two of their series against the Marlins scheduled for 4:10 p.m. ET.

It remains to be seen if Tellez will be available out of the bullpen.

At the plate, Tellez is batting .215 with 13 home runs and 46 RBI in 100 games this season. He was the Brewers' everyday first baseman in 2022, when he notched career-highs with 35 home runs and 89 RBI.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Published Sep 23, 2023
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/first-baseman-rowdy-tellez-goes-viral-makes-history-pitching-and-sending-milwaukee-brewers-to-playoffs 
 ----- 
