Skip to content

Twitter
Facebook
Language
HOME
What’s New
National Report
Politics
Business
Asia & World
Sci & Tech
Culture
Travel
Sports
Opinion
Special

The Asahi Shimbun

>

Sports

>

article

SOCCER/ Australia held to 0-0 draw by Indonesia in World Cup qualifying and China loses to Saudi Arabia

THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

September 11, 2024 at 11:15 JST

Share
Tweet
list
Print

Indonesia's Thom Jan Haye, left, battles for the ball against Australia's Awer Mabil during the FIFA World Cup 2026 qualifier third round Group C Asia soccer match between Indonesia and Australia at Gelora Bung Karno stadium in Jakarta, Indonesia, Sept 10, 2024. (AP Photo)

JAKARTA--Australia’s stuttering start to the third round of World Cup qualifying hit another bump Tuesday with a 0-0 draw against Indonesia in Jakarta.

The result follows a 1-0 loss at home to Bahrain last week and leaves the Socceroos still without a goal in Group C as they aim for a sixth successive World Cup appearance.

Australia had 20 shots but was unable to convert and silence the 78,000 home fans at the Gelora Bung Karno Stadium.

“Vastly improved performance and the boys showed that,” Australia coach Graham Arnold said. “But very disappointed. How many chances do we create? How many chances do we get? It has been a common theme for over a year.”

Japan is clear at the top with a 5-0 win over Bahrain that followed last week’s 7-0 thrashing of China. Ayase Ueda and Hidemasa Morita each scored twice before Koki Ogawa scored a late fifth.

China is in sixth and last place in the group after a last-minute 2-1 loss to Saudi Arabia in Dalian despite taking an early lead and then playing most of the match against 10 men.

Saudi Arabia’s Ali Lajami put the ball into his own net in the 14th minute and the visitors then went a man down five minutes later when Mohamed Kanno was sent off for kicking out at Jiang Shenglong.

But a bad week for Chinese soccer — which saw China lose 7-0 to Japan last week and the country’s Football Association ban 43 people for life over allegations of match-fixing and other forms of corruption — only got worse.

Defender Hassan Kadesh helped Saudi Arabia turn the game around as he first equalized seven minutes before the break by heading home a corner for his first international goal and then added a second in the 90th to give Roberto Mancini’s team a vital win to stay on course for a seventh World Cup appearance with four points from the opening two games.

The 18 teams in the third round of qualifying have been divided into three groups of six. The top two from each automatically qualify for the 2026 World Cup. The teams that place third and fourth will advance to a fourth qualifying round to compete for two more places.

Son Heung-min helped South Korea to its first victory in Group B with a goal and two assists in a 3-1 win in Oman. After a disappointing 0-0 draw with the Palestinians in Seoul, it only took Hwang Hee-chan 10 minutes to open the scoring in Muscat. After Oman leveled, Son scored his team’s second and then set up the third for Joo Min-kyu.

“It was a tough game. But we knew that in the second half, we were going to have more chances,” Son said. “In the first game, we created so many chances but we weren’t clinical enough. Today, we were clinical.”

Jordan, which defeated the Palestinians 3-1, also have four points as does Iraq after a 0-0 draw with Kuwait.

In Group A, Uzbekistan defeated Kyrgyzstan 3-2 while Iran beat United Arab Emirates 1-0 to leave both teams on maximum six points. North Korea and Qatar drew 2-2 in a game played in Laos after being moved from Pyongyang.

Related News

SOCCER/ Japan and Saudi Arabia qualify for World Cup

March 25, 2022

SOCCER/ China keeps its World Cup hopes alive despite a 1-0 loss to South Korea

June 12, 2024

SOCCER/ Oman shocks Japan 1-0, Iraq holds South Korea to 0-0 draw

September 3, 2021

SOCCER/ S. Korea qualifies for World Cup; costly draw for Aussies

February 2, 2022

SOCCER/ Japan under pressure after Saudi loss, Australia set record

October 8, 2021

SOCCER/ Australia, Saudi get a chance to advance but Japan has to wait in World Cup Asian qualifying

March 26, 2024
Share
Tweet
list
Print

 

Trending Now
Last 24 hours
Last 7 days
15-year-old girl fatally stabbed in McDonald’s; suspect flees
ICC’s existence threatened by U.S. sanctions, court head says
Lacking support, asylum seekers in Japan end up living on streets
U.S. airman gets 5-year sentence over sex attack on Okinawa girl
Japanese sweet potatoes winning over consumers around the world
Marines moving from Okinawa to Guam but at a very slow pace
Table tennis robot takes on Olympic medalist at Tokyo fair
Trump to meet widow of former Japan PM Abe on Dec. 15, source says
Matsusaka cow with perfect figure bought for 30.3 million yen
Kyushu farmers begin shipping banpeiyu in time for New Year
　 　　
Videos

Table tennis robot takes on Olympic medalist at Tokyo fair

December 14, 2024

Rogue dolphin spotted feasting on fish in set net off Fukui

December 12, 2024

Atomic bomb survivor takes swipe at Putin’s nuclear threats

December 10, 2024

Recommended

Memories of Hiroshima and Nagasaki

Here is a collection of first-hand accounts by “hibakusha” atomic bomb survivors.

YOASOBI

A peek through the music industry’s curtain at the producers who harnessed social media to help their idols go global.

Taste of Life

Cooking experts, chefs and others involved in the field of food introduce their special recipes intertwined with their paths in life.

Diplomatic Documents

A series based on diplomatic documents declassified by Japan’s Foreign Ministry

Memories of Nikkei Americans

A series about Japanese-Americans and their memories of World War II

Asahi Shimbun on Twitter
Learning English
Asahi Weekly

In-house News and Messages

Link
The New York Times

BACK TO TOP

About Us
Site Policy
Privacy
Copyright
Contact Us
Transmission of user information to external service providers（利用者情報の外部送信）

Copyright © The Asahi Shimbun Company. All rights reserved. No reproduction or republication without written permission.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.asahi.com/ajw/articles/15422569 
 ----- 
