Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Protect the free press
Fund the Guardian with $5 per month
Support us
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
View image in fullscreen
Australia coach Graham Arnold feels the pressure during the Socceroos’ goalless draw with Indonesia in World Cup qualifying. Photograph: Aditya Aji/AFP/Getty Images
World Cup 2026 qualifiers
 This article is more than 3 months old
‘I can only do so much’: Graham Arnold rues Socceroos’ lack of cutting edge in World Cup qualifying
This article is more than 3 months old
Players criticised after missed chances in 0-0 draw with Indonesia
‘It’s been a common theme for over a year,’ says coach
Jack Snape
Tue 10 Sep 2024 21.11 EDT
Share
53

Under pressure amid months of middling form, Socceroos coach Graham Arnold did something unusual following the scoreless draw against Indonesia in Jakarta on Tuesday night that leaves Australia languishing in World Cup qualifying Group C.

The famed man-manager – who has built a reputation on maintaining strong rapport with his dressing room – was critical of his players.

Socceroos held to goalless draw with Indonesia in hefty blow to World Cup hopes
Read more

“We should have won and won comfortably. We had the chances, we missed chances – again,” Arnold said. “Look, I can only do so much, I can’t play the game for them. And at the end of the day, we should have beaten Bahrain – we missed chances – and today we should have won comfortably and we missed chances. So I’m as disappointed probably as every other Australian is.”

The game had proceeded as many had feared it might. Australia’s muscular outfit, on a poor surface, could find no way through a resolute opponent buoyed by a 70,000-strong crowd at Gelora Bung Karno Stadium.

Yet compared to the disaster against Bahrain last week – when a late own goal on the Gold Coast secured a shock win for the visitors – Arnold said he saw some improvement.

“[It was a] vastly improved performance, and the boys showed that, but [I’m] extremely disappointed, because how many chances do we create? How many chances do we get? And it’s been a common theme for over a year.”

The closest Australia came to scoring was a first half shot from 18-year-old Nestory Irankunda, who was making his first start. His blast from outside the area found the inside of the post, bounced back into play and onto the back of the Indonesian goalkeeper Maarten Paes, but somehow diverted away from the net.

“It was just a bit unlucky,” Irankunda told Paramount Plus. “I hit it perfectly, just one centimetre away and obviously that happens in football but we go again in the next round.”

In just a month’s time, Australia welcome China – the only team below the Socceroos in the six-team Group C standings – to the Adelaide Oval. Five days later they travel to Japan for a clash against the Samurai Blue, who have scored 12 goals in two games, including a 5-0 thrashing of Bahrain on Tuesday.

The other automatic place in the group – part of the third round of Asian qualification – is occupied by Saudi Arabia, three points ahead of Australia.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Australia Sport

Free newsletter

Get a daily roundup of the latest sports news, features and comment from our Australian sports desk

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

“Second spot is on four at the moment,” Arnold said. “So it’s not like it’s a disaster, but I’ve got to go home and do a lot of thinking.”

Irankunda said he was “unlucky to get subbed off a bit early” in the 59th minute but he was happy with his performance. And he was confident in the team’s ability to recover in qualification for the expanded 48-team tournament that gives the Socceroos two more chances of reaching North America, even if they finish outside the top two in Group C.

“We’re not panicking. No need to panic,” he said.

AAP contributed to this report

Explore more on these topics
World Cup 2026 qualifiers
Australia
Australia sport
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/article/2024/sep/11/socceroos-vs-indonesia-result-graham-arnold-australia-world-cup-2026-qualifier-qualifying-results 
 ----- 
