MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Westbrook has 'perfect' triple-double, 0 turnovers in Nuggets' 132-121 win over Jazz
Updated Dec. 31, 2024 12:19 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Russell Westbrook became the second player in NBA history to have a triple-double with zero turnovers and shoot 100% from the field and the free-throw line in the Denver Nuggets' 132-121 win over the Utah Jazz on Monday night.

Westbrook finished with 16 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists. He shot 7 for 7 from the field and 2 for 2 from the free-throw line to join Domantas Sabonis in the history books.

Nikola Jokic also had a triple-double with 36 points, 22 rebounds and 11 assists, and Jamal Murray had 10 assists to go along with 20 points.

Jordan Clarkson scored 24, and Collin Sexton had 22 for the Jazz.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Utah led 66-64 at the break, but Denver outscored the Jazz 34-23 in the third to build some separation.

Both teams were missing a starting forward. Denver's Aaron Gordon sat out with a right calf strain and Utah's John Collins missed his fourth straight game with a hip bruise.

Takeaways

Nuggets: Denver struggled again when Jokic was on the bench. Once he returned in the fourth quarter, he immediately hit a 3-pointer and found Westbrook for a dunk and his 10th assist a couple minutes later.

Jazz: Utah played four rookies — Kyle Filipowski, Isaiah Collier, Brice Sensabaugh and Cody Williams — with Clarkson for a key stretch in the fourth quarter and actually cut the Denver's lead to 109-107 on Filipowski's three-point play with 7:28 remaining.

Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Find The Best Cowboy Boots for Wide...
Ariat|Sponsored
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.
Key moment

Westbrook stole the ball from Sexton and dunked it on the other end to give Denver a 126-114 lead with 2:46 remaining.

Key stat

The Jazz, who commit more turnovers than any team in the league, had 13 turnovers in the second half which led to 14 Denver points. Utah only had three in the first half.

Up next

The Jazz are at New York and the Nuggets host Atlanta on Wednesday.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans All-Star Brandon Ingram
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans star Zion Williamson
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Russell Westbrook
Utah Jazz
National Basketball Association
John Collins
Aaron Gordon
Collin Sexton
Jordan Clarkson
Jamal Murray
Nikola Jokic
Domantas Sabonis
Russell Westbrook
Denver Nuggets
Utah Jazz
NBA - Denver Nuggets vs. Utah Jazz - 12/31/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/westbrook-has-perfect-tripledouble-0-turnovers-in-nuggets-132121-win-over-jazz 
 ----- 
