Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Profar's bunt an inflection point in tight loss to Cards
Share
Profar's bunt an inflection point in tight loss to Cards
August 29th, 2024

AJ Cassavell

@AJCassavell
Share

0:01

0:10

ST. LOUIS -- Eight days ago, with the Padres trailing and Jurickson Profar at the plate as the go-ahead run, Profar did something wholly unexpected: He squared to bunt.

The pitch was well outside, and Profar took it. With a newfound advantage in the count, he changed his approach. A pitch later, he hit a three-run homer, sending the Padres to a frenzied, come-from-behind victory over the Twins at Petco Park.

Afterward, Profar would express extreme confidence that -- even though he had homered later in the at-bat -- his decision to open the count with a bunt attempt was the right call. It was simply what the game called for, and Profar loves to improvise. A day later, Padres manager Mike Shildt was vehement in his belief that Profar deserved the space to do so.

Cut to Wednesday night at Busch Stadium -- a 4-3 Padres loss to the Cardinals. Profar came to the plate in the top of the ninth inning of a tie game with the go-ahead run on second base.

This time, he got the bunt down.

Luis Arraez had opened the inning with a double against All-Star closer Ryan Helsley. When Profar came to the plate, there was no sign from any coach calling for a bunt. There were also no instructions not to bunt.

“We give Pro the option,” said Shildt. “I trust him. And he trusts his teammates. It doesn’t always work out. But, man, I trust him completely in that at-bat in making his decision and [his] feel for the game.”

To be sure, the choice wasn’t an obvious one. Profar’s successful sacrifice, which required an excellent play from Helsley, raised the Padres’ win probability by a percentage point -- from 67 to 68%. The Padres had Jake Cronenworth and Manny Machado due up, needing only to advance pinch-runner Tyler Wade 90 feet.

But that win-probability number excludes two things:

1. It doesn’t factor the risk of the bunt in the first place and the possibility that Profar wouldn’t get it down.

2. It doesn’t factor the quality of the hitter at the plate.

The second part is where the decision gets interesting. Profar is an All-Star. He’s been one of the best hitters in the Majors this year -- and he’s been especially productive in high-leverage situations. He’s the type of guy you’d want hitting with the game on the line.

Then again, Profar didn’t look himself on Wednesday (and, really, aside from his dramatic game-tying homer against the Mets on Sunday, he hasn’t looked himself for the past week). That factored into his thinking at the plate in the ninth inning.

Related
Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 10th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

January 11th, 2025

5 free agents who should be generating more buzz

December 22nd, 2024

10 reunions we'd like to see in free agency

December 6th, 2024

8 free agents who raised their stock after 1-year deals in '24

November 25th, 2024

“You didn’t see my at-bats tonight?” Profar asked rhetorically. “I was 0-for-4.”

If he were feeling better at the plate, perhaps he makes a different decision. As it was, he dropped the bunt down, putting the burden on Cronenworth and Machado to get the run home. Both struck out.

“I’m just playing the game,” Profar said. “Croney, he’ll bring that run in most of the time. Sometimes, it doesn’t work. We lose some, we win some. I bet you we win more than we lose.”

Hard to argue, given the recent results. The Padres have gone 26-10 since the All-Star break, as they’ve thrust themselves squarely into the postseason mix. But they’re chasing a division title, too, and the NL West race currently features three of the hottest teams in baseball.

That race might very well swing on a game or two. Which meant, as well as the Padres have played lately, this was still a tough loss to swallow.

In the bottom of the ninth, closer Robert Suarez recorded two outs, before St. Louis won the game with three singles, including Nolan Arenado’s walk-off.

It was a bitter ending after six quality frames from Joe Musgrove, then a game-tying homer from Kyle Higashioka in the eighth. Higashioka’s blast marked the 17th that the Padres have hit in the eighth inning or later to either tie the game or take the lead. No other team has more than 12.

“Higgy hits that blast, and it was kind of a shot of life,” Musgrove said. “But Helsley’s one of the best in the league. Really tough stuff. We put ourselves in a situation to get a chance to score and just didn’t come out with it. Not much to hang our heads for.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

And nobody was.

“We just lost tonight,” said Profar. “We just lost. We’re going to come back tomorrow and win the series.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Diego Padres
Jurickson Profar

AJ Cassavell covers the Padres for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/jurickson-profar-bunts-in-padres-loss-to-cardinals 
 ----- 
