Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Padres Breakout Star Predicts 'Bright Future Ahead' For Cardinals Speedster
The young St. Louis outfielder is making a name for himself
Nate Hagerty | Aug 28, 2024
Aug 26, 2024; St. Louis, Missouri, USA; San Diego Padres center fielder Jackson Merrill (3) hits a one run single against the St. Louis Cardinals during the fifth inning at Busch Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Jeff Curry-USA TODAY Sports / Jeff Curry-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
St. Louis Cardinals

The St. Louis Cardinals are struggling to stay alive in the playoff race and any recent news about the team seems negative and paints a dark future for the franchise.

Despite the Cardinals' disappointing predicament, things are still happening within the organization that should keep fans' hopes for the future alive.

Following the gut-wrenching 7-5 defeat to the San Diego Padres on Tuesday, a young St. Louis outfielder received high praise from a notable player -- reminding Cardinals fans what's hopefully to come down the road.

"'(Victor Scott II) got the ‘it’ factor when it comes to baseball,'" Padres center fielder Jackson Merrill said following Tuesday's win over St. Louis, as transcribed by MLB.com's John Denton. "He plays hard. He plays aggressive. And you can tell on defense, he's not afraid of running into a wall. He'll do anything just to catch it. I appreciate the fact that he plays with a lot of heart. Obviously, I want a double or whatever I would've gotten there, but Vic's the man. He's got a bright future ahead of him."

After Scott robbed Merrill of extra bases Tuesday night by making a spectacular leaping catch on the warning track, the National League Rookie of the Year candidate stood on second base waiting for the St. Louis rising star to return to the dugout so he could praise him for his incredible play.

Scott was recently recalled from Triple-A Memphis for a second time after breakout center fielder Michael Siani was placed on the injured list due to an oblique strain. He debuted at the beginning of this season but was quickly demoted after severely struggling on offense.

Since his latest promotion, Scott has batted .226 with six extra-base hits including two home runs, six RBIs and a .649 OPS in 19 games played for the Cardinals.

The 23-year-old still has some offensive kinks to work out but defensively, he's right where the Cardinals need him to be. If he stays healthy and continues to improve at the plate, Merrill's right -- better days are ahead of Scott.

More MLB: Cardinals Pitching Phenom One Step Away From Debut After Third Promotion In 2024

Published Aug 28, 2024
NATE HAGERTY

Nate Hagerty joined “Inside The Cardinals” as a content creator to spread knowledge about his favorite childhood team. A hometown native of Boston, Hagerty chose at an early age of six years old to follow the St. Louis Cardinals. The miraculous season of 04’ for the Red Sox did not deter Hagerty from rooting against his hometown team, nor did it in 2013 against the Red Birds. For all business/marketing inquiries regarding Inside The Cardinals, please reach out to Scott Neville: nevilles@merrimack.edu 

Home
/
St. Louis Cardinals News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/cardinals/st-louis-cardinals-news/padres-breakout-star-predicts-bright-future-ahead-for-cardinals-speedster-nate3 
 ----- 
