Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
ADVERTISEMENT
ANGELS
Angels place six players on waivers, including Hunter Renfroe and Lucas Giolito
Hunter Renfroe was one of six players placed on waivers by the Angels on Tuesday. (Paul Sancya / Associated Press)
By Sarah Valenzuela
Staff Writer
Follow
Aug. 29, 2023 Updated 5:35 PM PT
Share

The Angels put six players on waivers, according to a person with knowledge of the moves not authorized to speak publicly, signaling that they have shifted their sights to the future rather than trying to continue pushing for a playoff spot.

Starting pitcher Lucas Giolito, their biggest trade deadline acquisition, and outfielder Hunter Renfroe, who’s tied for second on the team in home runs, are the biggest names who could catch on with other teams for the final month, along with relievers Reynaldo López, Dominic Leone and Matt Moore and outfielder Randal Grichuk.

ESPN’s Jeff Passan was the first to report the news. USA Today’s Bob Nightengale reported that Leone was being waived.

ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTS

Angels try to put their curse on waivers with Shohei Ohtani and Mike Trout on the shelf
Aug. 30, 2023

Players placed on waivers after the Aug. 1 trade deadline can be claimed by any team, which then would be responsible for their salary for the remainder of the season.

If the Angels get rid of some of these contracts, they would be in a better position to avoid paying a luxury tax. The tax threshold is $233 million. The Angels’ 40-man payroll is about $241 million, per COTs Baseball Contracts. If all six players were claimed, the Angels could save an estimated $7.5 million.

They could get more out of the moves than some savings.

Shohei Ohtani, the Angels’ two-way star, is eligible to become a free agent after the season. If he leaves, the compensatory draft pick the Angels receive would come at the end of the second round if they do not pay a luxury tax. If the Angels pay a luxury tax, the compensatory pick would come at the end of the fourth round. In this year’s draft, that would have meant the difference between the 68th and 132nd pick.

ADVERTISEMENT
Lucas Giolito pitches for the Angels against the Braves on Atlanta on Aug. 2. (Brynn Anderson / Associated Press)

If the Angels pay a luxury tax next season — they almost certainly will if they re-sign Ohtani — they would pay a penalty on the amount of their payroll above $237 million. The base tax would be 20% of the amount over $237 million if they do not pay a luxury tax this year; 30% if they do.

The Angels acquired five of the players placed on waivers by trade: Renfroe in the offseason from the Milwaukee Brewers for pitchers Janson Junk and Elvis Peguero and minor leaguer Adam Seminaris; Giolito and López a week before this year’s deadline from the Chicago White Sox for top-100 catching prospect Edgar Quero and pitching prospect Ky Bush; Grichuk two days before the deadline in a deal with the Colorado Rockies that also sent C.J. Cron to the Angels for pitching prospects Mason Albright and Jake Madden; and Leone right before the deadline from the New York Met, for infield prospect Jeremiah Jackson.

ADVERTISEMENT

Moore signed as a free agent during spring training. All are set to become free agents.

The Angels acquired all these players in an effort to get to the playoffs for the first time since 2014. The results have not been what they had hoped.

ANGELS

Perry Minasian defends Angels’ treatment of Shohei Ohtani, says he turned down imaging
Aug. 26, 2023

The Angels are 63-70, and after Tuesday’s 12-7 loss at Philadelphia they sat 12 games behind Houston for the final wild-card spot in the American League.

The Angels will know Thursday, an off day on their schedule, whether any or all of these players have been claimed. For now, all remain on the Angels’ roster. Renfroe and Grichuk were in the starting lineup Tuesday.

Times staff writer Bill Shaikin contributed to this report.

ANGELS

Lucas Giolito gives up three home runs in Phillies’ comeback win over Angels
Aug. 28, 2023
More to Read
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Angels can field an entire lineup of first-round draft picks. So why can’t they win?
July 15, 2024
Angels demote struggling pitcher José Suarez and activate Brandon Drury
June 17, 2024
ANGELS
Newsletter

Go beyond the scoreboard

Get the latest on L.A.'s teams in the daily Sports Report newsletter.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

Sarah Valenzuela
X

Sarah Valenzuela is the former Angels beat writer for the Los Angeles Times. She previously worked at the New York Daily News, where she covered the New York Liberty and contributed to coverage of the New York Mets and New York Yankees. Before that, the Queens native was a freelancer with bylines in Thrillist and Self Magazine, worked as a production assistant with SNY-TV and MLB.com and briefly was a general assignment reporter for the Bronx Times. Valenzuela graduated from Syracuse University’s Newhouse School of Public Communications.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Have Padres, Diamondbacks given up trying to keep pace with Dodgers? They’ve stood pat so far
Dec. 13, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024

SPORTS

Dave Parker, Dick Allen are elected to baseball’s Hall of Fame
Dec. 8, 2024

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani to recoup $325,000 in baseball cards. Ex-interpreter still owes him $16 million
Dec. 3, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Fire victims compete to find new homes as real estate market rages in Pacific Palisades, Altadena
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
Rents likely to balloon in wake of L.A. wildfires, experts say
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Latest Angels
Want to buy spring training tickets for the Dodgers? They won’t be cheap
Nov. 18, 2024
Rays stadium drama and potential relocation could upend MLB’s expansion plans
Nov. 16, 2024
How to watch the Angels and Dodgers next year amid MLB’s uncertain TV future
Nov. 15, 2024
Infielder Kevin Newman agrees to one-year, $2.75-million deal with Angels
Nov. 14, 2024
Angels owner Arte Moreno bullish on team’s new TV deal: ‘We are raising our payroll’
Nov. 11, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/angels/story/2023-08-29/angels-place-six-players-on-waivers-hunter-renfroe-lucas-giolito 
 ----- 
