Skip to main content
Liberty Ballers homepage
a Philadelphia 76ers community
Follow Liberty Ballers online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Liberty Ballers main menu
SECTIONS 
PODCASTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

SIXERS INJURY REPORT
Joel Embiid out vs. Kings

Joel Embiid likely won’t play in a back-to-back this season and so he’ll sit out Wednesday’s game against the Kings and play Thursday at the Warriors.

By Josh Grieb@JGrieb10  Dec 31, 2024, 6:09pm EST  33 Comments / 33 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options

Ah, so is that what the plan was supposed to look like?

The Sixers have ruled out Joel Embiid for their New Year’s Day matchup against the Sacramento Kings on the latest injury report. The reason given was rest.

This comes as no shock as that game is the front end of a back-to-back. Philadelphia will play the Golden State Warriors on Thursday. With the Kings having just fired their coach and the Warriors being 3-7 in their last 10, the Sixers likely didn’t put much thought into which matchup Embiid would play in.

That game against the Warriors is on TNT though, so they’d definitely prefer he play the nationally televised game given the league’s player participation policy. It’s also a good sign to see rest as the designated reason — he was on the injury report with a left foot sprain earlier in the road trip.

Edit: 9:50 P.M.: The Sixers have updated the injury report, Embiid is now listed out with a left foot sprain.

The Sixers could be getting some veteran reinforcements in place as Eric Gordon, Andre Drummond and Kyle Lowry are all questionable.

Gordon has missed the last four games after an oral surgery and Drummond the last three with a toe contusion. Lowry was unable to suit up for the Dec. 30 win against the Trail Blazers due to a hip strain.

MORE FROM LIBERTY BALLERS
Sixers visit Magic squad that has succeeded where Philly has failed
Sixers Bell Ringer: Sixers hit rock bottom with loss to the undermanned Pelicans
Sixers reach a new low with loss to woefully shorthanded Pelicans
Sixers-Pelicans: second half thread
Sixers-Pelicans: first half thread
Pelicans suspend Zion Williamson ahead of Sixers matchup
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Liberty Ballers Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Philadelphia 76ers news from Liberty Ballers
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.libertyballers.com/2024/12/31/24333247/joel-embiid-out-vs-kings-due-to-rest-sixers-injury-report 
 ----- 
