Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Jimmy Carter dies
Kenny Pickett
South Korea plane crash
US tornadoes
Halifax plane incident
SPORTS
Poyet tries to mark 20th anniversary of Greece’s European title by leading team back to tournament
1 of 8 |  

FILE - Greece’s head coach Gus Poyet gives instruction from inside the box team area during the international friendly soccer match between Romania and Greece at the National Arena stadium in Bucharest, Romania, Friday, March 25, 2022. Greece advancing into a European Championship with a foreign coach is a soccer tradition Gus Poyet aims to build on. (AP Photo/Alexandru Dobre, File)

Read More
2 of 8 |  

FILE - Greece’s coach Otto Rehhagel holds the trophy as he celebrates with his players after beating Portugal, 1-0, in the Euro 2004 soccer championship final match, at the Luz stadium in Lisbon, Portugal, in this July 4, 2004. Greece advancing into a European Championship with a foreign coach is a soccer tradition Gus Poyet aims to build on. It is 20 years since the epic tale of German coach Otto Rehhagel leading an unheralded team to be the surprise champion at Euro 2004. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein, File)

Read More
3 of 8 |  

Greece’s coach Gustavo Poyet looks on prior the kick off of the Euro 2024 qualifying play-off soccer match between Greece and Kazakhstan at OPAP Arena, in Athens, Thursday, March 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

4 of 8 |  

Greece’s Fotis Ioannidis, bottom left, celebrates with teammates after scoring his side third goal against Kazakstan during the Euro 2024 qualifying play-off soccer match between Greece and Kazakhstan at OPAP Arena, in Athens, Thursday, March 21, 2023. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

Read More
5 of 8 |  

Greece’s players pose for a team photo prior the kick off of the Euro 2024 qualifying play-off soccer match between Greece and Kazakhstan at OPAP Arena, in Athens, Thursday, March 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

6 of 8 |  

Greece’s Tasos Bakasetas kick a penalty to score the opening goal against Kazakstan during the Euro 2024 qualifying play-off soccer match between Greece and Kazakhstan at OPAP Arena, in Athens, Thursday, March 21, 2023. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

7 of 8 |  

Greece’s coach Gustavo Poyet gives instructions to his players during the Euro 2024 qualifying play-off soccer match between Greece and Kazakhstan at OPAP Arena, in Athens, Thursday, March 21, 2023. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

8 of 8 |  

Greece’s Dimitris Kourbelis, centre , celebrates with teammates after scoring his side forth goal against Kazakstan during the Euro 2024 qualifying play-off soccer match between Greece and Kazakhstan at OPAP Arena, in Athens, Thursday, March 21, 2023. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

Read More
BY  GRAHAM DUNBAR
Updated 4:26 PM UTC, March 22, 2024
Share

Gus Poyet is aiming to build on a tradition as he tries to become the latest foreign coach to take Greece to a European Championship.

It’s been 20 years since German coach Otto Rehhagel led an unheralded team to the title at Euro 2004 in one of soccer’s biggest surprises, and 12 years since Portuguese manager Fernando Santos helped Greece reach the Euro 2012 quarterfinals.

That was the last time Greece played at the Euros, but the team is now one game away from returning to the tournament under Poyet, the cultured Uruguay midfielder who spent most of his playing and coaching career in England.

“Greece have been absent from the Euros for too long,” Poyet said Thursday after his team cruised past Kazakhstan 5-0 in Athens in a qualifying playoffs semifinal.

Poyet now takes his confident team to Georgia on Tuesday for a winner-takes-all match in a noisy, 50,000-seat national stadium in Tbilisi.

“What everybody is talking about is that 2024 marks the 20th anniversary of the Euro 2004 triumph,” the Greece coach said. “It is a good coincidence and we will try our best.”

Poyet’s contract is set to expire at the end of next week, but a win on Tuesday could see him get an extension through the tournament in Germany this summer.

RELATED STORIES
England and new coach Tuchel land in 2026 World Cup qualifying group with Serbia and Albania
Women's soccer world champion Spain drawn with Italy, Belgium and Portugal in Euro 2025 group
With a gamble in Greece, England recovers without Harry Kane for 3-0 win

“If you ask me would I like to stay in Greece, I will say yes, no doubt,” Poyet said in a recent interview in Ireland, where he has been linked with the vacant national team job.

Two years ago, Poyet seemed an unlikely hire for Greece after a series of short stays with clubs in Chile, France, China and Spain.

Still, he did have experience of the Greek league in a six-month spell at AEK Athens, although that ended with him being fired in April 2016 on the eve of a cup semifinal.

Santos had coached three Greek clubs before taking the national team into the knockout stage at Euro 2012 and the 2014 World Cup — its last appearance on the biggest stage.

The next coach from abroad after Santos, Claudio Ranieri, was new to Greece and lasted only a few months. Ranieri was fired after a humiliating 1-0 home loss against the Faeroe Islands — only to bounce back by leading Leicester to a stunning Premier League title.

Since Rehhagel arrived 23 years ago, the national team has had just two Greek coaches for brief spells totaling 13 games. Poyet is not even the first Uruguayan to hold the job, with Sergio Markarián having had a short stint in 2015.

“I know the mentality of Greek people. Sometimes they are too down, sometimes they are too high. We need to control the emotions,” Poyet said, looking ahead to Georgia.

The reward for a win on Tuesday will be to enter a Euro 2024 group that contains the Cristiano Ronaldo-led Portugal, neighboring Turkey and the Czech Republic.

And for Poyet, maybe a renewed contract.

“If you had given me the chance two years ago to have one match in order to go to the Euro,” Poyet said, “I would take it.”

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

GRAHAM DUNBAR
Dunbar is an Associated Press sports news reporter in Geneva, Switzerland. He focuses on the governing bodies, institutions and politics of international sports.
twitter
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
Why Investing in a Private Cloud Makes Sense.
CIO | Broadcom
:
Advertisement
North Korea's Kim vows the toughest anti-US policy before Trump takes office
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
Browns' Myles Garrett makes history with 2 sacks, but anothe r loss leaves him frustrated
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisone...
Newly released body camera footage shows that a man fatally beaten in a New...
AP News
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon...
A trailblazing former “Sports Illustrated” model who pushed back against age disc...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Distri ct Of Columbia (Che...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
The Perfect Game for Strategists
Ready for a challenge? This game was designed for the experienced and skillful...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
17 Legitimate Ways To Get Money...
Your goal for getting money fast should focus on strategies that help you bridge...
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates historical...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Arthrozene
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Hyundai Santa Fe Prices In Washington May Surprise You...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
15 hurt when passenger train stri kes fire truck that drove into...
Three firefighters and a dozen passengers have been injured in Florida after a fire...
AP News
Herro leads Heat over Rockets in game marred by fight and eject...
Tyler Herro scored 27 points before being one of six people ejected after a fight in...
AP News
New Needle-free Blood Glucose Meter: Check Out The Prices
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Search Now
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutio...
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
2024 New Palisade For Senior Simply Amazes - See The Prices
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
Blayre Turnbull and Jess Kondas score 1st goals of season and...
Blayre Turnbull and Jess Kondas scored their first goals of the season to lift the...
AP News
Russian man arrested for alleged ly running LGBTQ+ travel agen...
A Russian man arrested for allegedly running a travel agency for gay customer...
AP News
Washington: These $350/month Senior Living Apartments...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Search Now
Finally, play the best strategy game for free
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Why These Ski Goggles Are a Game Changer
topchicdeals:Advertisement
Read More
Cinnamon: The greatest enemy of blood sugar (see how to use it)
Better Health News:Advertisement
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simulates alternative...
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
New Hyundai Santa Fe Is Nearly Unrecognizable (Take A Peek At Prices)
Hyundai Partner:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/euro-2024-soccer-greece-poyet-e29c9229de989593f7b183cbf4918270 
 ----- 
