HOME
NEWS
FEATURES
SPORTS
BUSINESS
OPINION
EDITORIAL
FASHION
POLITICS
CLASSIFIEDS
ARCHIVES
CONTACT US
CONNECT WITH US
 
The Island
LATEST NEWS
Hasaranga leads rout against Zimbabwe in decider

Published

 12 months ago 

on

 2024/01/18
Wanindu Hasaranga was unplayable in Colombo (Cricinfo)
SHARE
TWEET

The first two matches had tense finishes. This one was a walkover. Zimbabwe had begun with promise, hitting 35 off their first three overs. But they crumbled rapidly to spin thereafter, losing four wickets to Wanidu Hasaranga two to Maheesh Theekshana and one to Dhananjaya de Silva who was playing his first match of the series.

They lost their last nine wickets for 49 runs, and though this was a slow deck given to turn, Sri Lanka had no problems. They sped to the target in 10.5 overs, for the loss of only one wicket, thereby sealing the series 2-1. They had also won the ODIs 2-0.

Where Zimbabwe had shown some tenacity with the bat in their previous two matches, their middle and lower orders were especially meek in this match. In this 6 off 27 sequence, Tony Munyonga was first to go, mis-hitting a Hasaranga ball to the midwicket fielder who had just been installed, in the 10th over. De Silva then had Sean Williams caught and bowled next over, before Hasaranga had the hero of the last match – Luke Jongwe – caught at deep square leg off a top-edged sweep.

In his next over, Hasaranga struck twice, off his last two balls, both googlies. Wellington Masakadza was hit in front of the stumps. Richard Ngarava was bowled. Maheesh Theekshana completed the team hat-trick in the first ball of the next over by having Clive Madande caught sweeping.

Brief scores:
Sri Lanka 88 for 1 in 10.5 overs (Pathum Nissanka 39*, Kusal Mendis 33, Sean Williams 1-13) beat  Zimbabwe 82 in 14.1 overs (Brian Bennett 29, Wanidu Hasaranga 4-15, Maheesh Theekshana 2-14, Angelo Mathews 2-15, Dilshan Madushanka 1-22, Dhananjaya de Silva 1-01) by nine wickets

(Cricinfo)









RELATED TOPICS:
ANGELO MATHEWS
COLOMBO
FEATURED
MAHEESH THEEKSHANA
RPICS
SRI LANKA
SRI LANKA VS ZIMBABWE 2024 3RD T20I
WANINDU HASARANGA
ZIMBABWE
ZIMBABWE TOUR OF SRI LANKA 2024 3RD T20I
UP NEXT

Japan Airlines appoints ex-flight attendant as first female president

DON'T MISS

Head, Hazlewood extend Australia’s dominance

YOU MAY LIKE

Sri Lanka sign off with win

Mathews on Sri Lanka’s exit: ‘We’ve let the entire nation down’

IMF Executive Board Concludes 2024 Article IV Consultation with Sri Lanka and Completes the Second Review Under the Extended Fund Facility

Washout puts Sri Lanka on brink of exit; Nepal hurt by result too but South Africa confirm Super Eights spot

Bangladesh pledges support for Sri Lanka’s Agricultural Modernization Program

Mustafizur, Rishad, Hridoy dazzle in Bangladesh’s tight two-wicket win over Sri Lanka

CLICK TO COMMENT
LATEST NEWS
New leader’s promises will be tricky to keep in crisis-hit Sri Lanka

Published

 3 hours ago 

on

 2025/01/1
Anura Kumara Dissanayake wants the new year to be a turning point for the country [BBC]

Stunning election wins by a new left-leaning president and his party have changed Sri Lanka’s political landscape – but the cash-strapped island’s new rulers are quickly realising that campaign promises are easier to make than to keep.

Anura Kumara Dissanayake’s remarkable victory in the presidential election in September was swiftly followed by a landslide for his National People’s Power (NPP) alliance in parliamentary elections.

As a new year starts, he and his supporters want this to be a turning point for the country, which is trying to recover from devastating economic crisis and years of misrule.

However, they have limited room for manoeuvre to make good on pledges to voters, whose expectations from the new government are high.

Since the financial meltdown of 2022, economic recovery has been fragile and Sri Lanka is far from out of the woods.

The NPP won 159 seats in the 225-member assembly in November – an unprecedented two-thirds majority – giving Dissanayake a sweeping mandate to push through major economic and constitutional reforms.

However, even as the results were coming in, the new president had to gear up for a meeting with a visiting delegation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF), with which the outgoing government had negotiated a $2.9bn (£2.31bn) bailout package. The IMF deal became controversial as it led to severe austerity measures, tax rises and cuts in energy subsidies – hitting common people hard.

During the campaign Dissanayake and his alliance promised that they would re-negotiate parts of the IMF agreement.

But in his address to the new parliament, he performed a U-turn. “The economy is in such a state that it cannot take the slightest shock… There’s no room to make mistakes,” Dissanayake said.

“This is not the time to discuss if the terms [of the IMF loan] are good or bad, if the agreement is favourable to us or not… The process had taken about two years, and we cannot start all over again.”

An uprising, driven by economic frustrations, toppled president Gotabaya Rajapaksa in 2022 [BBC]

The voters’ overwhelming verdict for the NPP is seen as the culmination of a people’s uprising triggered by the economic crisis. The uprising toppled president Gotabaya Rajapaksa in the summer of 2022, when Sri Lanka ran out of foreign currency and struggled to import food and fuel.

The country had earlier declared bankruptcy after defaulting on its external debt of about $46bn. India, China and Japan are among those who have loaned billions of dollars.

The recent election results also reflected people’s anger towards established political parties – of former presidents Mahinda Rajapaksa and Ranil Wickremesinghe and others – for failing to handle the economic meltdown.

“One of the priorities for Dissanayake will be to give some economic relief to the people due to excessive taxation and the cost-of-living crisis. Debt management is another big challenge,” veteran political analyst Prof Jayadeva Uyangoda told the BBC.

So far the massive political changes don’t seem to have had any impact on people like Niluka Dilrukshi, a mother-of-four who lives in a suburb of the capital Colombo. Her husband is a daily-wage labourer and the family still find it hard to get by.

The BBC spoke to her about the soaring cost of living in January 2022, months before mass protests erupted. At that time, she said her family was eating only two meals a day, instead of three, and they were giving only vegetables and rice to their children due to the high cost of fish and meat.

“We are still struggling to make ends meet and nothing has changed. The price of rice, which is the staple food, has increased further. We are not getting any relief from the government,” Mrs Dilrukshi said.

People like her want the new government to take immediate steps to bring down the cost of essentials. Sri Lanka is an import-dependent nation, and it needs foreign currency to bring in items like food and medicine.

For now, Colombo is able to hold on to its currency reserves as it has suspended its debt repayments.

The real struggle, experts point out, will start probably in the next three or four years when it starts repaying its debt.

People’s perception of President Dissanayake and his new government could change if there’s no visible change in their standard of living in the next two or three years.

“People have given him a huge mandate. The IMF should respect that by allowing him to give some relief to the people through social welfare programmes,” says Prof Uyangoda.

Sri Lankans want the new government to bring down the cost of essentials [BBC]

Dissanayake must also contend with India and China, which are jostling for influence in Sri Lanka, where both have invested heavily in recent years.

“Both India and China will try to bring Colombo under their sphere of influence. I think the new government’s foreign policy will be very pragmatic without aligning with anyone,” says Prof Uyangoda.

In a careful diplomatic manoeuvre, Dissanayake chose Delhi as his first official overseas destination in mid-December. During the visit, India promised to supply liquefied natural gas for Sri Lankan power plants and work on connecting the power grids of the two countries in the long run.

China’s increasing foothold in Sri Lanka, especially calls by Chinese “research” vessels to the island’s ports – so close to India’s southern tip – has triggered concern in Delhi.

“I have given an assurance to the prime minister of India that we will not allow our land to be used in any way in a manner that is detrimental to the interest of India,” Dissanayake said after talks with Narendra Modi. Delhi will no doubt be pleased with the assurance, but Dissanayake will find out what Beijing expects when he visits China in mid-January.

[BBC]

CONTINUE READING
LATEST NEWS
India need a win in Sydney to stay in contention for WTC final

Published

 12 hours ago 

on

 2025/01/1
South Africa’s nail-biting two wicket win against Pakistan in Centurion has confirmed their place in June’s World Test Championship (WTC) final, while Australia’s win at the MCG makes them the front-runner to take the second spot, though India and Sri Lanka are still in contention. Here is a look at what each team in contention needs to do to qualify.
Australia
Percent: 61.46; matches remaining: India (1 home Test), SL (2 away)

If Australia win the Sydney Test against India, they are through to the WTC final regardless of results in Sri Lanka – if Australia were to win in Sydney but lose both Tests in their upcoming series in Sri Lanka, they would finish on 57.02 percentage points to India’s 50 and Sri Lanka’s 53.85.

A draw in Sydney will keep them ahead of India, but it would leave the door open for Sri Lanka to sneak through; if Australia were to draw in Sydney but lose both Tests in Sri Lanka, they would finish on 53.51, while Sri Lanka would climb up to 53.85.

If Australia were to lose in Sydney, they would need one win in Sri Lanka to qualify. A 1-1 verdict in Sri Lanka after losing in Sydney would leave Australia on 57.02 to India’s 55.26. If Australia draw both Tests in Sri Lanka after losing in Sydney, India and Australia will be level on 55.26, but India will qualify on the basis of having won more series in this WTC cycle.

India

Percent: 52.78; matches remaining: Australia (1 away)

India need to win in Sydney to stay in contention for the WTC final. A win would take India to 55.26, which would be enough for them to finish second if Australia were to achieve no more than two draws in Sri Lanka. As mentioned above, if Australia draw both Tests, they will finish level with India on percentage, but India will qualify with more series wins in this cycle. If Australia lose 1-0, they will drop to 53.51, and Sri Lanka will finish with 48.72 (with a 1-0 win).

However, if India only manage a draw, they will drop to 51.75 and will be out of the WTC final race. That is because even if Australia were to lose both Tests in Sri Lanka after drawing in Sydney, they would finish on 53.51, while Sri Lanka would climb up to 53.85.

Sri Lanka

Percent: 45.45; matches remaining: Australia (2 home)

The only way Sri Lanka can qualify is if the Sydney Test ends in a draw and they then beat Australia 2-0. In that case, Sri Lanka, on 53.85, would finish above Australia (53.51) and India (51.75).

If India win in Sydney, they will knock Sri Lanka out. Australia, also, will certainly finish ahead of Sri Lanka if they go to 3-1 in the Border-Gavaskar Trophy.

[Cricinfo]

CONTINUE READING
LATEST NEWS
“Our vision is to create a future where every citizen can live a peaceful, free, dignified and fulfilling life, transcending barriers of race, gender, ethnicity, or religion”- Prime Minister

Published

 13 hours ago 

on

 2025/01/1

Prime Minister Dr Harini Amarasuriya in her New Year message for 2025 says that the government’s vision is to create a future where every citizen can live a peaceful, free, dignified and fulfilling life, transcending barriers of race, gender, ethnicity, or religion.

The full text of the Prime Minister’s New Year message:

“This year has been a truly transformative year for us Sri Lankans. The citizens of this country have chosen change: a clean and people centered political culture and empathetic society, unity as opposed to division.

As a responsible government, we remain committed to uplifting the nation in various critical areas, including the economy, industry, and education. Our vision is to create a future where every citizen can live a peaceful, free, dignified and fulfilling life, transcending barriers of race, gender, ethnicity, or religion.

We have had several opportunities in the past to unite as a nation, but we failed to fully realize the benefits of those moments. However, we must now ensure that this opportunity is not missed and that we work collectively to preserve it. At this critical time, as the state is fully committed to serve the public, I urge everyone to step forward with determination as we enter the year 2025.

While the journey towards a brighter future is challenging, we have already taken significant steps towards achieving that goal. As we approach the threshold of a new year filled with hope and promise, I extend my sincere best wishes to all citizens for a peaceful, happy, and prosperous 2025.

I invite everyone to come together with a shared purpose, setting aside all differences, as we embark on this new year to ensure its success and work towards building a better future for the Sri Lanka. Our collective focus should be to restore the name of “Sri Lanka” as a proud and prosperous nation on the global stage.”

CONTINUE READING

LATEST TRENDING VIDEOS
LATEST NEWS
3 hours ago
New leader’s promises will be tricky to keep in crisis-hit Sri Lanka
WEATHER
10 hours ago
Heavy showers above 100 mm can be expected at some places in Eastern and Uva provinces and in Matale, Nuwara-Eliya and Hambantota districts
NEWS
11 hours ago
STF security only for Prez and PM
TRENDING
OPINION

Going easy on Year 5 Scholarship trial

NEWS

Service chiefs won’t get extensions; scrapping of CDS Office confirmed

EDITORIAL

‘Swindlers List’

FEATURES

A 20-year reflection on housing struggles of Tsunami survivors

NEWS

Most bribery cases fall through owing to CIABOC’s lapses

EDITORIAL

Good riddance!

BUSINESS

Supporting the Increase in Withholding Tax: A Step Toward Strengthening Sri Lanka’s Tax System

FEATURES

The Parliament bomb: Former Secretary-General remembers

       

Copyright © 2020 Upali Newspapers (Pvt) Ltd. Solution by LankaCom
Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : http://island.lk/hasaranga-leads-rout-against-zimbabwe-in-decider/ 
 ----- 
