Fantasy Cricket
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Fantasy Cricket
Dream11 Prediction Cricket
Sri Lanka vs Zimbabwe 2024
ZIM vs SL Dream11 Prediction: Fantasy Cricket Tips, Today's Playing 11 and Pitch Report for Zimbabwe Tour of Sri Lanka 2024, 3rd T20I
ZIM vs SL Dream11 Prediction: Fantasy Cricket Tips, Today's Playing 11 and Pitch Report for Zimbabwe Tour of Sri Lanka 2024, 3rd T20I
By
Ishaan Mahajan
Modified Jan 18, 2024 11:57 IST 
Follow Us
Discuss
ZIM vs SL - Dream11 Match Prediction

The third T20I between Zimbabwe (ZIM) and Sri Lanka (SL) will be played at the R.Premadasa Stadium, Khettarama in Colombo on Thursday, January 18. Ahead of the match, here's everything you need to know about the ZIM vs SL Dream11 Prediction, today's playing 11s, fantasy cricket tips, best player picks, and the pitch report.

The series is currently at a standstill as both teams have won one match each. Zimbabwe won the last match by four wickets and will try their best to win the ODI series. But Sri Lanka will start as the favorites.

ZIM vs SL Match Details

The third T20I between Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe will be played at the R.Premadasa Stadium, Khettarama, in Colombo on January 18. The game is set to take place at 7:00 PM IST. The live score & commentary of the game can be followed in the Sportskeeda Live Score section.

Trending

ZIM vs SL, 3rd T20I

Date and Time: 18th January 2024, 7:00 PM IST

Venue: R.Premadasa Stadium, Khettarama, Colombo

Pitch Report

The pitch at R.Premadasa Stadium, Khettarama, in Colombo supports both pacers and batters. The last T20I played here saw a total of 351 runs scored for the loss of 12 wickets.

ZIM vs SL Form Guide

ZIM - L W

SL - W L

ZIM vs SL Probable Playing XI
ZIM Playing XI

No injury updates.

Tinashe Kamunhukamwe, Craig Ervine, Sikandar Raza, Luke Jongwe, Wellington Masakadza, Blessing Muzarabani, Richard Ngarava, Ryan Burl, Clive Madande (wk), Sean Williams, Brian Bennett.

SL Playing XI

No injury updates.

Kusal Mendis (wk), Sadeera Samarawickrama, Kusal Perera, Maheesh Theekshana, Angelo Matthews, Wanindu Hasaranga, Dilshan Madushanka, Charith Asalanka, Dushmantha Chameera, Dasun Shanaka, Pathum Nissanka.

ZIM vs SL Dream11 Match Top Picks
Wicketkeeper
K Mendis

K Mendis is no doubt the best wicketkeeper pick for today's match as he is expected to perform well. S Samarawickrama is another good pick for today's match.

Batters
C Asalanka

P Nissanka and C Asalanka are the two best batsmen picks for the Dream11 team. Both the top-order batters are expected to perform well. C Ervine is also a good pick for today's Dream11 fantasy team.

All-rounders
S Raza

W Hasaranga and S Raza are the best all-rounder picks for the Dream11 team as they are batting in the middle order and also completing their quota of overs. A Mathews is another good pick for today's nail-biting match.

Bowlers
M Theekshana

The top bowler picks for today's Dream11 team are M Theekshana and D Madushanka. Both have bowled brilliantly in the last few matches, and they are also expected to bowl in death overs too. B Muzarabani is another good pick for the Dream11 team.

ZIM vs SL match captain and vice-captain choices
S Raza

Since the pitch is expected to help both batters and bowlers, you can make S Raza the captain of your team. He can be one of the most important picks of today's match from the Zimbabwe team. He has smashed a total of 70 runs and taken three wickets in the last two matches.

W Hasaranga

W Hasaranga loves performing against Zimbabwe and has a very good venue record. He is expected to perform well in today's match. He is expected to bat in the middle order and complete his quota of overs. He has taken three wickets in the last two matches.

5 Must-Picks for ZIM vs SL, 3rd T20I

S Raza

M Theekshana

C Asalanka

W Hasaranga

A Matthews

Zimbabwe vs Sri Lanka Match Expert Tips

As the pitch is expected to be good for both batters and bowlers, it is advisable to make a team keeping that in mind. Making all-rounders the captain or vice-captain is another good way to gain maximum points and win grand leagues.

Zimbabwe vs Sri Lanka Dream11 Prediction Today, Head-to-head
Zimbabwe vs Sri Lanka Dream11 Prediction Today, Head-to-head

Wicketkeeper: K Mendis, S Samarawickrama

Batters: C Asalanka, C Ervine

All-rounders: S Raza, W Hasaranga, A Matthews

Bowlers: D Madushanka, B Muzarabani, M Theekshana, R Ngarava

Zimbabwe vs Sri Lanka Dream11 Prediction Today, Grand League
Zimbabwe vs Sri Lanka Dream11 Prediction Today, Grand League

Wicketkeeper: K Mendis

Batters: C Asalanka, C Ervine

All-rounders: S Raza, W Hasaranga, A Matthews

Bowlers: D Madushanka, B Muzarabani, M Theekshana, L Jongwe, D Chameera

Looking to improve your fantasy team? Download CricRocket and get expert teams, venue details, pitch report and in-depth player stats! 🚀☄️

Quick Links

Sri Lanka vs Zimbabwe 2024 Sri Lanka Cricket Zimbabwe Cricket Sikandar Raza Wanindu Hasaranga Dream11 Prediction Cricket
Edited by Samya Majumdar
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/fantasy-cricket-mantra/zim-vs-sl-dream11-prediction-fantasy-cricket-tips-today-s-playing-11-pitch-report-zimbabwe-tour-sri-lanka-2024-3rd-t20i 
 ----- 
