Sections
Show Search

LIVE COVERAGE

Live updates: Increasing winds bring potential for ‘explosive fire growth’ across L.A. County this week
ANGELS
Mickey Moniak hits two homers, including a walk-off blast, to rally Angels past Mariners
Mickey Moniak, bottom right, celebrates with his Angels teammates after hitting a walk-off home run in the ninth inning of a 5-4 win over the Seattle Mariners at Angel Stadium on Saturday night. (Ashley Landis / Associated Press)
Associated Press
Aug. 31, 2024 Updated 10:55 PM PT
Share

Mickey Moniak hit two home runs over the final three innings, including a game-ending solo shot in the ninth, to rally the Angels past the Seattle Mariners 5-4 on Saturday night.

Jo Adell also homered twice for the Angels, who won for just the second time in 10 games. Ben Joyce (2-0) pitched a scoreless inning to earn the win.

“We had been grinding a little bit of late, so we’re going to do our best to lock it in and learn a lot about ourselves over these next four weeks,” said Moniak, who has multiple hits in each of his last four games. “Just try to come together, finish strong and have fun.”

With two outs in the ninth, Moniak fouled off a pair of 1-and-2 pitches from All-Star closer Andrés Muñoz (2-6) before driving a slider over the right-field wall.

Moniak has four home runs in his past four games, after his first walk-off drive gave him his first multi-homer game in the majors.

Taylor Ward extended his hitting streak to a career-best 11 games for the Angels.

Justin Turner hit two home runs for the Mariners, who fell five games behind the first-place Houston Astros in the AL West and 4½ games out of a wild-card spot.

“It’s a tough one to swallow when you play that hard and come up short,” manager Dan Wilson said.

Turner, acquired in late July from Toronto, has three homers in 24 games with the Mariners. It was his 17th career multi-homer game and first in a Seattle uniform.

Turner’s first home run of the game came in the second inning on a 90 mph fastball from Tyler Anderson to give the Mariners a 1-0 lead.

Adell’s first of the night off right-hander Bryan Woo evened the score in the third. The line-drive homer to center came off a sinker.

“Staying through the middle was huge,” Adell said. “I was able to stay under that and do some damage with it. The approach was just to hit something hard forward, and good things happen.”

The Mariners grabbed a 4-1 lead in the fourth on another solo home run from Turner, this one on a 79 mph changeup from Anderson, and a two-run single from Julio Rodríguez.

ANGELS

Samuel Aldegheri, first pitcher raised in Italy to reach majors, struggles in Angels’ loss
Aug. 30, 2024

Adell hit his second of the game and 20th of the season in the sixth. The Angels got even at 4 in the seventh when Moniak hit a two-run homer to right.

After batting .207 through July, Moniak hit .360 in August with six home runs.

“I think in the beginning, I was dealing with a little bit of an ankle thing, but that’s not an excuse,” Moniak said. “I definitely feel now like I’m starting to feel better, physically and mentally.”

Los Angeles had a chance to take the lead in the eighth but Jack Lopez’s squeeze bunt was right in front of the plate, allowing Mariners catcher Cal Raleigh to tag Ward trying to score before throwing to first base to complete the double play.

Anderson gave up four runs and six hits with three walks over four innings in his shortest outing of the season.

Woo allowed four runs and five hits over 6⅓ innings for Seattle.

Angels shortstop Zach Neto was removed for a pinch hitter in the sixth, one inning after a fielding error on a routine grounder. He was also out of position on a pickoff play in Seattle’s three-run fourth. The typically sure-handed fielder has three errors in his past two games.

“I wasn’t trying to send a lesson to hurt his feelings, but he wasn’t into it,” Angels manager Ron Washington said. “Since he wasn’t into it, I removed him from the game.”

Said a somber Neto: “Me and Wash have a really good relationship and he thought it was best to take me out in that moment. I respect it and just try to be the best teammate.”

Injury update

Angels right-hander Carson Fulmer, placed on the injured list Friday with elbow inflammation, had an MRI scan that came back clean. He hasn’t ruled out pitching again this season.

Up next

Mariners: RHP Bryce Miller (10-7, 3.23 ERA) matched a career high with 10 strikeouts in a win Monday against the Rays.

Angels: RHP Caden Dana, the club’s top pitching prospect, will make his major league debut Sunday after compiling a 2.52 ERA in 23 starts at Double-A.

More to Read
Angels fall in 10th to tie team record with 95th loss
Sept. 25, 2024
Angels struggle to generate offense against Yusei Kikuchi and Astros in loss
Sept. 13, 2024
Angels fall to Tigers as losing streak extends to six
Aug. 27, 2024
ANGELS
More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Have Padres, Diamondbacks given up trying to keep pace with Dodgers? They’ve stood pat so far
Dec. 13, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024

SPORTS

Dave Parker, Dick Allen are elected to baseball’s Hall of Fame
Dec. 8, 2024

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani to recoup $325,000 in baseball cards. Ex-interpreter still owes him $16 million
Dec. 3, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Fire victims compete to find new homes as real estate market rages in Pacific Palisades, Altadena
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
First, they lost their home insurance. Then, L.A. fires consumed their homes
The architecturally significant houses destroyed in L.A.’s fires
Latest Angels
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Want to buy spring training tickets for the Dodgers? They won’t be cheap
Nov. 18, 2024
Rays stadium drama and potential relocation could upend MLB’s expansion plans
Nov. 16, 2024
How to watch the Angels and Dodgers next year amid MLB’s uncertain TV future
Nov. 15, 2024
Infielder Kevin Newman agrees to one-year, $2.75-million deal with Angels
Nov. 14, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/angels/story/2024-08-31/mickey-moniak-angels-walk-off-home-run-mariners 
 ----- 
