Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
On the wrong end: Seattle's bats come up short vs. Angels
Share
On the wrong end: Seattle's bats come up short vs. Angels
September 1st, 2024

Taylor Arrey

Share

0:00

0:58

ANAHEIM -- It looked like the Mariners were on their way to a much-needed series win over the Angels on Saturday, but despite the offense's momentum, they were unable to capitalize on scoring opportunities in the late innings and walked away with a 5-4 loss at Angel Stadium.

The Angels got the last word as outfielder Mickey Moniak launched his first career walk-off home run, against Andrés Muñoz in the ninth inning.

"I thought our at-bats were great -- a lot of good contact, some patience at the plate as well, a couple of walks that got us into good positions," said manager Dan Wilson. "It's just a tough one to walk away from. Coming up on the wrong end of a walk-off is hard."

This season, the Halos have proved to be quite a competitor for Seattle. The Angels swept the Mariners in July and won three of four games in Anaheim leading up to the All-Star break. Wilson has emphasized how important it is for the team's offense to fight through nine innings, and while their efforts did not result in a win, their progress on that goal is not lost.

"They fought till the end," Wilson said. "No doubt about it, these guys put up some great at-bats, good defense. Just a couple of guys in that lineup that got to us tonight, but it was a hard-fought fight all the way to the end. We'll put this one aside. Come back tomorrow, ready to play."

Justin Turner kickstarted the offense with two solo home runs, marking his 17th career multi-home run game and his first as a Mariner. He set the tone for an early offensive push against left-handed pitcher Tyler Anderson, one of the Angels' more consistent starting arms.

Related
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

J-Rod makes Three Kings Day extra special

January 10th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Do these 11 'old guy' FAs have something left in the tank?

December 17th, 2024

These 15 hitters are thankful for the luckiest hits of '24

November 28th, 2024

Turner talks? 'Pen status? What stood out for Seattle at GM Meetings

November 12th, 2024

Turner wasn't the only Mariner to find his groove at the plate. Following his lead, the team strung together a productive fourth inning. Dylan Moore reached first on a line drive to left field and stayed aggressive on the basepaths, stealing his 28th base on the season and his 100th career stolen base. Victor Robles and J.P. Crawford both drew walks, setting the stage for Julio Rodríguez, who has been electric at the plate this road trip.

Against the Angels on Friday, Rodríguez went 1-for-2 with three runs, a home run and three walks. On Saturday, he showed more of that productivity. Rodríguez reached base four times with three hits and one walk, including a line drive to left field in the fourth that scored Robles and Crawford and gave the team some early insurance behind starting pitcher Bryan Woo.

Woo, who has focused on pitching deeper into games this season, pitched 6 1/3 innings but struggled to keep the Angels' offense at bay. He allowed two solo homers to outfielder Jo Adell and a two-run blast to Moniak in the seventh, leaving the score tied at 4-4.

"I think it's just some three-strike mistakes and leaving balls over the middle," Woo said. "I feel like early on, I attacked the middle of the zone and tried to expand late, and I just didn't do that."

After successfully shutting down an attempted squeeze play in the eighth, the Mariners were primed to take back the lead, but it didn't turn out that way. In the ninth, Seattle faced closer Ben Joyce, known for clocking pitches over 103 mph. Randy Arozarena was hit by a pitch and Turner followed up with his third hit of the night, but the two runners were left stranded, closing the chapter on yet another loss to the Angels.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

"It was a big play for sure -- huge two outs there," catcher Cal Raleigh said. "I've never really seen that play before. It was kind of crazy. We had good momentum, got some people on there in the ninth and had a chance. Just couldn't do it."

Seattle is now 4 1/2 games back of the Houston Astros in the AL West. They'll have one more chance to take the series against the Angels on Sunday behind Bryce Miller, who is looking for his 11th win.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Seattle Mariners
Justin Turner
You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/justin-turner-hits-2-homers-but-mariners-bats-fall-short-vs-angels 
 ----- 
