Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Seattle Mariners Lead American League in this Shockingly Good Offensive Distinction
The Seattle Mariners, known for their languishing offense, actually lead the American League in something very positive.
Brady Farkas | Aug 31, 2024
Seattle Mariners catcher Mitch Garver (18) runs towards first base after hitting a double against the Detroit Tigers during the fifth inning at T-Mobile Park on Aug 7. / Steven Bisig-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
Seattle Mariners

The Seattle Mariners beat the Los Angeles Angels 9-5 on Friday night at Angel Stadium in Anaheim. The Mariners are now 69-66 on the season and remain 4.0 games back of the Houston Astros in the American League West. They have won five of seven games since Dan Wilson took over as the team's manager last week.

The Mariners blitzed the Angels on Friday, scoring five runs in the top of the first inning thanks to a two-run error from Zack Neto, a two-run double from Mitch Garver and a single from Victor Robles.

Believe it or not, the Mariners actually lead the American League in scoring at least five runs in the first inning this season. Considering how tepid the offense has been all year and how they rank in the bottom of the league in several categories, that's rather amazing.

Per @CodifyBaseball:

Believe it or not, this is the 3rd time this year the Mariners have scored at least 5 runs in the first inning and only one other MLB team has done that (the Marlins have done it 4 times).

The Mariners also scored at least five runs in the first inning against the Angels back in July. Seattle had nine hits in this one, including multi-hit games from three different players. Julio Rodriguez also hit his 13th homer of the year, which was his second straight game with a blast.

The Mariners will take on the Angels again on Saturday night with first pitch coming at 6:38 p.m. PT. Bryan Woo will pitch against Tyler Anderson.

RELATED SEATTLE MARINERS CONTENT:

NEW PODCAST IS OUT: The latest episode of the "Refuse to Lose" podcast is out as Brady Farkas talks about the criticism that Jerry Dipoto has received in Scott Servais's firing, the M's early success under Dan Wilson and the comments made by Ryan Divish recently on the "Marine Layer" podcast. Furthermore, Danny O'Neil, who wrote a tough column calling for Dipoto to be fired joins the show. CLICK HERE:

EDGAR ON JULIO: Speaking on Seattle Sports 710, Edgar Martinez spoke about his thoughts on working with Julio Rodriguez. CLICK HERE:

JOINING JULIO: San Diego Padres rookie Jackson Merrill joins a special group in baseball history, one that includes M's star Julio Rodriguez. CLICK HERE:

Follow Inside the Mariners on social media

Continue to follow our Inside the Mariners coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following Teren Kowatsch and Brady Farkas on "X" @Teren_Kowatsch and @wdevradiobrady. You can subscribe to the "Refuse to Lose" podcast by clicking HERE:

Published Aug 31, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/mariners/news/seattle-mariners-lead-american-league-in-this-shockingly-good-offensive-distinction-after-blitzing-los-angeles-angels-on-friday 
 ----- 
