Skip to Main Content
Skip to audio player to listen live
Newsletters
♡
DONATE NOW
Menu
Search
Sign in
Sign up
Sports
The Associated Press
Chicago
September 17, 2023 9:11 AM
Twins manager Rocco Baldelli goes on leave to be with his wife for the birth of twins
Minnesota Twins manager Rocco Baldelli watches from the dugout during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Saturday in Chicago.Erin Hooley | AP
Save
SHARE

Minnesota manager Rocco Baldelli spends most of his life around a bunch of Twins.

His future is going to be a little different.

Baldelli went on paternity leave after Saturday's 7-6 loss to the Chicago White Sox. His wife, Allie, is expecting twin boys in the coming days.

“We're excited. It's twins, and we didn't know what to expect and we didn't know or even anticipate making it this far,” Rocco Baldelli said. “So we've made it basically to the end of kind of the term that they laid out for us, so that's exciting and I think good for the babies. Allie's still feeling pretty good, so I mean we're lucky.”

Turn Up Your Support

MPR News helps you turn down the noise and build shared understanding. Turn up your support for this public resource and keep trusted journalism accessible to all.

♡
DONATE NOW

Rocco and Allie got married during the All-Star break in 2021. They welcomed a daughter, Louisa, on Sept. 6, 2021.

After Sunday's series finale against the White Sox, the AL Central-leading Twins visit Cincinnati for a three-game series and then begin a six-game homestand on Friday night against the Los Angeles Angels.

Bench coach Jayce Tingler will run the team while Baldelli is away.

“I don't have a plan for a return yet. I'm not sure when that's going to be,” Baldelli said. “We'll see how Allie's feeling and how everyone's doing.”

Right-handers Joe Ryan, Kenta Maeda and Bailey Ober are listed as the starting pitchers against the Reds, and Baldelli said left-hander Dallas Keuchel will work out of the bullpen for now. The 35-year-old Keuchel has no record and an 8.03 ERA in three September starts.

“We have five guys right now that are in the rotation currently, and that could change,” Baldelli said. “We could end up with a different five guys. We could end with six guys. We could end up with four guys in the rotation towards the end of the regular season. We're going to have to see just the way it best fits for everyone.”

Newly minted All-Pro Justin Jefferson needs a playoff win with the Vikings next on his list of feats
Timberwolves beat Magic 104-89 for 3rd straight victory
Lack of snow has some northern Minnesota businesses struggling
Vikings wild-card playoff game rescheduled in Arizona due to California wildfires
News you can use in your inbox

When it comes to staying informed in Minnesota, our newsletters overdeliver. Sign-up now for headlines, breaking news, hometown stories, weather and much more. Delivered weekday mornings.

SUBSCRIBE
Terms
Program ScheduleStation Directory
Providing Support for MPR. Learn More
♡
DONATE NOW
About MPR News
Careers
Contact Us
Events
Frequently Asked Questions
Fundraising Credentials
More from MPR
Newsletters
Outages
Press
Privacy
Shop
Staff Directory
Stations
Terms
Why Trust Us
Get the app
Stay Connected to MPR News
© 2025 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved.
Volume
ON AIR
BBC WORLD SERVICE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mprnews.org/story/2023/09/17/twins-manager-rocco-baldelli-goes-on-leave-to-be-with-his-wife-for-the-birth-of-twins 
 ----- 
