Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NCAA
News
College Basketball
College Football
NCAA
Shilo Sanders makes up for his brother Shedeur's INT with an 80-yard pick 6

Deion Sanders celebrated his son's pick 6 on the sideline before hugging him

Shilo Sanders scores pick 6ESPN
LW
Actualizado 16/09/2023 - 22:47 CST
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NCAA. Clippers star Kawhi Leonard makes rare public appearance to support Deion Sanders
NCAA. Paige Spiranac chimes in on 'divisive' Deion Sanders, coach of her hometown university

Shilo Sanders returned an interception for a touchdown to open the score in the Rocky Mountain Showdown between the Colorado State Rams and Colorado Buffaloes. The safety's pick 6 made up for his brother Shedeur Sanders throwing an INT early on in Saturday's contest at Folsom Field.

Deion Sanders celebrated his son's pick 6 on the sideline before hugging him and seemingly sharing some words of advice.

Molly Qerim and Deion Sanders' unexpected encounter goes viralRoberto Ortega

Shilo, 23, usually plays second fiddle to Shedeur, but this time became the hero of the Buffaloes as his younger brother struggled.

Shedeur, 21, also made up for his interception with a TD pass to tie the game at 14-all after Colorado State took the lead with a forced fumble, recovery and return to the house.

The game is currently tied at 14-14 halfway through the second quarter.

LeBron James reacts to Shilo Sanders' pick 6

Los Angeles Lakers superstar LeBron James took to X, formerly known as Twitter, to react to Shilo's pick 6.

"SHILO supposed to high step all the way to the ZONE!!!!!! Ayyyyeeeeee," James tweeted.

MORE in MARCA
Experts warn...
Marca
Beyonc é and...
Marca

Coach Prime has turned the Colorado football program into the most popular one in the nation after just a few months in charge.

Like James, Los Angeles Clippers star Kawhi Leonard was tuned in to the game, but he was right on the sideline.

NCAAF - English
Deion Sanders - English
Shilo Sanders - English
NCAAShilo Sanders shows an unknown talent that left speechless his father, Deion Sanders
NCAADeion Sanders pays tribute to an NBA idol: "He was and still is one of my heroes"
NCAALSU running back Trey Holly declares innocence amid serious charges - What is he accused of?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De nieuwe Nissan Qashqai met extr...
Nissan Qashqai
Huisalarm met videodeurbel en...
Verisure®
Hyundai TUCSON rijden voor €429...
Hyundai
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/ncaa/2023/09/17/6506716f46163f03358b45ae.html 
 ----- 
