Skip to content
January 2, 2025
FB
Twitter

FOOTBALL IN OCEANIA

STORIES FROM THE BEAUTFIUL GAME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS

Primary Menu
Penalty drama and history makers at Pacific Games

The football tournament at the Pacific Games ended in dramatic fashion.

New Caledonia beat hosts Solomon Islands in the men’s final at the Pacific Games. (Photo: Pacific Games News Service)

In the men’s tournmaent hosts Solomon Islands took on New Caledonia.

The Solomons were looking for their first ever gold medal in football at the Pacific Games, while New Caledonia were hunting their eight.

It was New Caledonia who took the lead first, through Lues Waya, before John Oroboulu equalised right before half time.

But New Caledonia would retake the lead before the break, as Shene Welepane scored in added time.

In the second half it was again Orobulu’s time to shine, as he brought the score level in the 71st minute.

New Caledonia had Morgan Mathelone sent off in for two yellow cards, but the Solomon Islands couldn’t find another goal, and after extra time the match went to penalties.

There New Caledonia proved the strongest, but had to wait until their eight penalty to take the win. Fonzy Ranchain missed from the spot for New Caledonia, while David Supa and John Orobulu missed for the Solomons.

“It was a tough match going up against Solomon Islands on home turf with a huge crowd. Despite the heat, we held on tight right until the end,” New Caledonia coach Johann Sidaner told the Pacific Games organizer.

Unbeaten PNG

In the women’s tournament Papua New Guinea continued their unbeaten run by beating Fiji 4-1.

PNG have won every single women’s football tournament since it was first introduced in 2003, taking their total gold tally up to six.

But Fiji were no pushover for PNG, despite the scoreline.

PNG captain Ramona Padio led her side to an historic sixth consecutive Pacific Games gold medal. Here in a duel with Fiji’s Cema Nasau. (Photo: Danzo Kakadi, Pacific Games News Service)

PNG took an early lead, following a Phylis Pala goal after 20 minutes, but both teams had solid chances to score more.

Going into the second half, the scoreline was still 1-0 to PNG, and Fiji thought they had an equaliser but it was disallowed for offside.

Instead it was PNG who could extend their lead as Marie Kaipu scored twice in ten minutes to put PNG in total control.

Fiji’s pacey striker Trina Davis pulled one back in added time, but minutes later Kaipu completed a hattrick and finalized the score at 4-1.

“I told the girls if we have any chances, we just have to put our chances away, and that’s what they did in the second half. We had our chances; we put them away. I think the girls deserve this gold medal,” PNG coach Eric Komeng said.

Final standings:

Here’s how the tournament finished up after all the placement matches and bronze medal finals.

Men’s:

New Caledonia
Solomon Islands
Fiji
Vanuatu
Tahiti
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Cook Islands
Tuvalu
Northern Mariana Islands
Tonga
American Samoa

Women’s:

Papua New Guinea
Fiji
New Caledonia
Samoa
Vanuatu
Solomon Islands
Tonga
Tahiti
American Samoa
Cook Islands

Enter the text or HTML code here

About Author
Ola Bjerkevoll

A passion for everything football and especially in Oceania. Owner of Football in Oceania.

See author's posts

Share this article:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Tags: Fiji, New Caledonia, News, Pacific Games, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Featured on
International Football News 24/7

 

Follow Football in Oceania on Twitter
Follow Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Football in Oceania RSS

 RSS - Posts

Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Categories
American Samoa (29)
Beach Soccer (9)
Cook Islands (50)
Exclusive Features (5)
Exclusive Interviews (22)
Federated States of Micronesia (1)
FIFA Club World Cup (7)
FIFA Women's World Cup (8)
Fiji (72)
Futsal (10)
Kiribati (16)
Marshall Islands (6)
Nauru (5)
New Caledonia (47)
New Zealand (76)
Niue (4)
Non-FIFA (12)
Oceania (53)
OFC Champions League (45)
OFC Futsal Champions League (2)
OFC Nations Cup (4)
OFC U-16 Women's Championship (1)
OFC U16 Championship (4)
OFC U19 Championship (2)
OFC Women's Champions League (3)
OFC Women's Nations Cup (24)
OFC World Cup Qualifiers (28)
Olympic football (1)
Olympic Qualifiers (7)
Opinion (9)
Outside Oceania (6)
Pacific Games (18)
Palau (2)
Papua New Guinea (72)
Podcast (5)
Press Release (8)
Samoa (49)
Solomon Islands (79)
Tahiti (56)
Tonga (41)
Tuvalu (17)
U-17 World Cup (6)
U-20 World Cup (4)
Vanuatu (53)
Wallis & Futuna (1)
Women's Football (46)
You may have missed
Auckland City legend recalls Magic of Morocco
Krishna out for season with serious injury
Auckland set to play giants
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
Nations in Oceania Oceania Events Calendar National Leagues in Oceania The Podcast About Contact
FB
 
Twitter
Copyright Football in Oceania © All rights reserved. CoverNews by AF themes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballoceania.com/2023/12/02/penalty-drama-and-history-makers-at-pacific-games/ 
 ----- 
