Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Milwaukee Brewers vs Pittsburgh Pirates: Brewers ahead, 5-2, in the eighth
Gannett
CURT HOGG, MILWAUKEE JOURNAL SENTINEL
September 26, 2024 at 2:58 PM

PITTSBURGH — The Milwaukee Brewers closed out the road portion of their regular season Thursday afternoon at PNC Park but hope there are still more team charter flights in their future this season.

Follow along for live updates from Thursday's game with the Pittsburgh Pirates.

PITTSBURGH, PA - SEPTEMBER 26: Aaron Civale #32 of the Milwaukee Brewers pitches in the first inning against the Pittsburgh Pirates at PNC Park on September 26, 2024 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. (Photo by Justin K. Aller/Getty Images)
Nick Mears returns and gets hit around

Activated from the injured before the game, Nick Mears took over on the mound in the seventh in what amounted to a critical evaluation outing as the Brewers finalize their postseason roster plans.

His stuff was nasty at times, but ultimately took a backseat to the results. Right away, Mears walked Nick Gonzales and then gave up a two-run homer to Bryan De La Cruz that drew Pittsburgh within 5-2.

Double the fun

Milwaukee laced three doubles over a four-batter stretch to push its lead to 5-0 in the sixth. Pinch-hitter Rhys Hoskins led off with a double off of reliever Ryan Borucki and Blake Perkins followed with a ground-rule two-bagger, his first extra-base hit since September 11.

After a Sal Frelick sacrifice bunt, Joey Ortiz blooped in a perfectly-placed duck snort for a double to left that put the Brewers up by five.

Brewers extend lead against Mitch Keller in fifth

Sal Frelick continued his recent trend of hard-hit again Thursday, leading off the top of the fifth with a double to right-center after hitting a 103 mph grounder back to the mound for a double play in the second. Frelick scored on Eric Haase's booming double to the gap in left-center to put the Brewers ahead, 2-0, and Brice Turang delivered a liner to left for a run-scoring single to further pad the lead.

Joey Ortiz's triple gets Brewers on the board

One of the struggling hitters in the second half that the Brewers need production from moving forward, Joey Ortiz opened the top of the third by lacing a triple to the right-center gap and crossed home two batters later on a grounder from Brice Turang.

That opened the scoring against Pirates right-hander Mitch Keller. Aaron Civale struck out four over six scoreless innings in his start for the Brewers, working around defense-induced jams in both the second and third after errors from Ortiz and Willy Adames. Civale gave up only three hits and walked one.

Brewers lineup

Brice Turang 2B

William Contreras DH

Garrett Mitchell RF

Willy Adames SS

Jake Bauers 1B

Blake Perkins CF

Sal Frelick LF

Joey Ortiz 3B

Eric Haase C

Aaron Civale SP

Pirates lineup

Isiah Kiner-Falefa 3B

Bryan Reynolds LF

Oneil Cruz CF

Andrew McCutchen DH

Joey Bart C

Nick Gonzales 2B

Bryan De La Cruz RF

Jared Triolo 1B

Liover Peguero SS

Mitch Keller SP

What is the Brewers record?

The Brewers are 90-68.

Brewers schedule

Brewers vs. Mets, 7:10 p.m. Friday Milwaukee RHP Frankie Montas (7-11, 4.85) vs. New York TBA. Broadcasts: TV – Bally Sports Wisconsin. Radio – AM-620.

Brewers vs. Mets, 6:15 p.m. Saturday. Milwaukee TBA vs. New York TBA. Broadcasts: TV – Fox. Radio – AM-620.

Brewers vs. Mets, 1:10 p.m. Sunday.Milwaukee TBA vs. New York TBA. Broadcasts: TV – Bally Sports Wisconsin. Radio – AM-620.

This article originally appeared on Milwaukee Journal Sentinel: Brewers vs Pirates: live score, game highlights, starting lineups

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
People
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry open their Montecito, Calif., home to friends evacuate…
Variety
Anita Bryant, Pop Singer, Florida Oranges Pitchwoman and Anti-Gay Rights Crusader, Di…
Finance
CNN Business
Rupert Murdoch’s Fox Corp. must face 2020 election defamation lawsuit, appeals court …
USA TODAY
Ford reveals first special edition of its Mustang GTD supercar, starting at $325,000
Food
Southern Living
Does salt expire?
Simply Recipes
The easy Ina Garten side dish I can’t stop making
Lighter Side
Associated Press
AP Week in Pictures: Latin America and Caribbean
NY Post
Gen Z is ditching booze for sober-centric hubs in NYC: ‘Shocked people are in here ha…
News
Associated Press
New LA-area fire prompts more evacuations while over 10,000 structures lost to the 2 …
Associated Press
Earth records hottest year ever in 2024 and the jump was so big it breached a key thr…
Weather
Associated Press
LA area's 2 biggest blazes burn at least 10,000 structures, while new fire leads to m…
NBC Universal
What we know about L.A. fire evacuations, maps, causes and more

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/milwaukee-brewers-vs-pittsburgh-pirates-153500977.html 
 ----- 
