Friday, January 10, 2025, 7:18AM |   11°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
2
MORE
Pirates drop final home contest of 2024 season to Brewers
 
NOAH HILES
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
nhiles@post-gazette.com
 SEP 26, 2024 7:34 PM
104

In their final home contest of the season, the Pirates served one more slice of disappointment to their fans, losing 5-2 to the Brewers Thursday afternoon at PNC Park.

Right-hander Mitch Keller was the game’s losing pitcher, bringing his end-of-season record to 11-12 over 31 starts, one fewer than he made last year. Keller surrendered three runs, all earned, over five innings on six hits and a pair of walks while striking out six. He ends his 2024 campaign with a 4.25 ERA over 178 innings pitched, 16 ⅓ fewer than his season total in 2023. His 166 strikeouts also showed a notable regression compared to the year prior (210).

"I think he got better in certain areas,” manager Derek Shelton said of Keller’s season. “I think there's consistency that we need to see throughout the course of the season."

 
King Jemison
As the Pirates limp to the finish, fans at their last home game of 2024 reflect on another losing season

“There's definitely a lot of highlights up there and definitely a lot of lowlights,” Keller said when asked for his own analysis. “But overall, a lot of good things to look back on and a lot of things to keep working for. I don't know, it's weird. I'm happy with it and also disappointed in some areas too, so a lot more I can do for myself and a lot more I can do for this team going into next year for sure.”

Brice Turang plated Milwaukee’s first run in the top of the third inning, driving home Joey Ortiz on a ground out to first base. He struck again in the fifth, singling home Eric Haase, who reached on an RBI double the prior at-bat.

Brewers’ starter Aaron Civale, meanwhile, continued his season of dominance against the Pirates, allowing just three hits and a walk over six shutout innings. Civale allowed just two earned runs over 17 ⅓ innings in his three starts against Pittsburgh this year, good for a 1.04 ERA. The game’s winning pitcher, he finished the regular season with a record of 8-9.

"It goes back to even the Rays start he had against us,” Shelton said of Civale. “This guy, he has an idea to pitch. He's able to add and subtract. He throws the cutter. He mixes the fastball, he takes something off the fastball. He mixes in the breaking ball. He's got feel to pitch. I think since he's been with the Brewers over his last seven starts, he's 6-1 or 7-1. He's got an idea of what he's doing."

After watching Milwaukee tag the Pirates bullpen for a pair of additional runs in the top of the sixth, Bryan De La Cruz put his club on the board following Civale’s exit, tagging Nick Mears for a two-run homer to right field in the bottom of the seventh. The homer marked De La Cruz’s 21st of the season but just his third since he was traded to the Pirates on July 30.

On the mound

Ryan Borucki replaced Keller to start the sixth inning. Having struggled throughout September due to a season heavily impacted by injuries, Thursday was no different for the veteran left-hander, who allowed a pair of runs before being pulled with two outs remaining in the frame.

Colin Holderman replaced Borucki, allowing one inherited runner to score. David Bednar, Carmen Mlodzinski, and Jalen Beeks then finished the game, each throwing a scoreless inning of relief.

 
Noah Hiles and Andrew Destin
Pirates mailbag: Will decision to DFA Rowdy Tellez shy of bonus negatively impact the offseason?
At the plate

De La Cruz’s homer was the lone notable offense for the Pirates on Thursday afternoon. Pittsburgh ended the loss with just five hits. Nick Gonzales was the only Pirate with a multi-hit game, notching a pair of singles, along with two walks.

On the bases

Oneil Cruz had an afternoon to forget on the bases, making a pair of inning-ending mistakes. His first blunder came in the bottom of the third inning, when he was picked off at first base after reaching on a fielder’s choice. The next came in the bottom of the eighth, when he was tagged out at second after overrunning the bag.

"He's got to be more aware,” Shelton said. “It's unacceptable. We know Cruzy's immensely talented, but there's times we've got to pay more attention on the bases."

They said it

The Pirates finished their home schedule with a record of 39-42, the same as the year prior.

"I think that's very important,” Shelton said. “In your division and home are the two places you've really got to focus."

Up next

Friday: Pirates at Yankees, 7:05 p.m., Yankee Stadium

TV, radio: SportsNet Pittsburgh, KDKA-FM (93.7 The Fan)

Probable pitchers: RHP Jared Jones (6-8, 4.14) for Pirates; LHP Carlos Rodon (16-9, 3.98) for Yankees.

Key matchup: Jones has lost his last three decisions on the road since winning for the last time on May 16 at Chicago.

Hidden stat: Jones ranks fourth among National League rookies in strikeouts (125).

Saturday: Pirates at Yankees, 1:05 p.m., Yankee Stadium

Probable pitchers: RHP Paul Skenes (11-3, 1.99) for Pirates; RHP Luis Gil (15-6, 3.27) for Yankees.

First Published: September 26, 2024, 7:34 p.m.
Updated: September 27, 2024, 9:58 a.m.

Noah Hiles covers the Pirates for the Post-Gazette. He previously covered Pitt athletics.
  nhiles@post-gazette.com
  @_NoahHiles
 RELATED
 
Andrew Destin
Former Pirates owner Kevin McClatchy weighs in on Athletics’ impending move to Las Vegas
 
Joe Starkey
Joe Starkey: This Pirates season was a profound disappointment, but the awards show must go on
 
Jason Mackey
Jason Mackey: Pirates’ Paul Skenes enjoys another first during his remarkable rookie season
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
LIFE
Kamins give much more than their name and $65 million to the Carnegie Science Center
NEWS
Pittsburgh Parking Authority considers removing residency requirement for employees amid staffing shortage
NEWS
Pittsburgh to settle some lawsuits for $170K in 2018 bar brawl between Pagans, undercover cops
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Penn State loses as Notre Dame kicks game-winning field goal in final seven seconds in a CFP semifinal
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 4:25am  Joel Haas
2
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: Analyzing James Franklin, Drew Allar and blame game after brutal Penn State loss to Notre Dame in national semis
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 5:48am  Jason Mackey
3
SPORTS
Former Pitt volleyball star Torrey Stafford transferring to Texas
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 12:54am  Abby Schnable
4
SPORTS
Brian Batko's Steelers mailbag: Any chance George Pickens is gone this offseason?
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 10:00am  Brian Batko
5
NEWS
'It’s inhumane': Two men charged in brutal 'unprovoked attack' at Aliquippa VFW
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 10:40pm  Megan Guza
AP
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Jason Mackey: Analyzing James Franklin, Drew Allar and blame game after brutal Penn State loss to Notre Dame in national semis
With Baltimore in his blood, Spencer Anderson poised if he starts at guard for Steelers
Penn State loses as Notre Dame kicks game-winning field goal in final seven seconds in a CFP semifinal
Steelers film room: Joey Porter Jr. and an aggressive man coverage scheme vital to beating Ravens
Penguins capitalize on fast start, hang on for victory against high-powered Oilers
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/pirates/2024/09/26/pirates-drop-final-home-contest-series-of-2024-season-to-brewers/stories/202409260062 
 ----- 
