Friday, January 10, 2025, 7:19AM |   11°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
1
Joe Starkey: This Pirates season was a profound disappointment, but the awards show must go on
 
JOE STARKEY
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
jstarkey@post-gazette.com
 SEP 26, 2024 3:04 PM
63

Imagine if Paul Skenes hadn’t arrived.

What else happened this season that would make you especially cheerful or optimistic as a Pirates fan?

The arrival of Jared Jones, perhaps? He was electric early on. Andrew McCutchen had a nice season. Joey Bart and Luis Ortiz surprised us. Bryan Reynolds was good. Oneil Cruz rebounded from his horrific injury to put up decent numbers.

But here the Pirates sit, Sept. 26, with the same record through 158 games as they had last season — 74-84 — and somehow with a worse farm system. They do not have a .300 hitter or 25 home-run man or even a full-season regular with an OPS over .800.

 
Gene Collier
Gene Collier: Pirates at Yankees, but never again in October

Their offense is pathetic. Their bullpen is far beyond pathetic. Their season fell apart with a 10-game losing streak in August — and it was especially galling to watch the Milwaukee Brewers run away with the NL Central after sustaining massive personnel losses.

Several d-words come to mind in describing the Pirates season: depressing, disappointing, disastrous, dysfunctional — and yes, periodically delightful when Skenes took the mound or some other positive development occurred.

I asked manager Derek Shelton, during his radio show Tuesday, how he would characterize the season.

“I think that’s a good question,” Shelton said. “Obviously, we’re disappointed because we haven’t played better. … And I think that’s the main focus we need to get going. We need to be better.”

Yes. That would be good. And it’ll be interesting to see if the Pirates can finish with at least one more win than last season and how owner Bob Nutting operates after the final out is recorded.

Shelton, who is nearly 30 games under .500 since he signed his contract extension early last season, got the dreaded vote of confidence from general manager Ben Cherington, but how safe is Cherington? How safe should anyone be if the Pirates finish with fewer wins than last season?

Alas, those are stories for another day. We have business to attend to here. Welcome to the 2024 Pirates Awards Ceremony! (If I miss anything, please email Noah Hiles)

 
King Jemison
As the Pirates limp to the finish, fans at their last home game of 2024 reflect on another losing season

Envelopes, please …

Starkey’s 2024 Pirates awards

MVP: Paul Skenes. His historically phenomenal season should earn him NL Rookie of the Year. It felt in many of his starts that Skenes might not allow a hit and might strike everyone out.

LVP: Ke’Bryan Hayes. Looked to have finally arrived as an offensive force after he shredded NL pitching over his final three months last season. He hit 13 home runs over those three months. But his back issues resurfaced, and he relapsed this season to post a nearly unfathomable .290 slugging percentage. Hayes had 13 extra-base hits in 365 at-bats.

Best moment: Skenes walking through the door, but more specifically, Skenes striking out Shohei Ohtani as part of an absolutely epic top of the first June 5 at PNC Park. After whiffing Mookie Betts to open the game, Skenes struck out Ohtani (who would later gain revenge) on three straight fastballs — 101.3 mph, 100.1 and 100.8.

Worst moment: Do you have an hour? Blowing a 10-3 seventh-inning lead to the Cubs wasn’t great, but that’s not really “a moment.” Neither was watching the bullpen walk four straight Cubs batters with the bases loaded. I keep thinking of Mauricio Dubón homering off Colin Holderman on July 31, putting the Astros ahead for good in game three of a series the Pirates could have easily swept. It felt like a crushing moment at the time — and it led to many more, as the Pirates lost 12 of their next 13 games.

Biggest surprise, team category: The Pirates actually added at the deadline. Unfortunately, they didn’t add much. Bryan De La Cruz flopped (.203 average, two home runs, 48 strikeouts in 153 at-bats). Isiah Kiner-Falefa is a better player — outstanding defensively — but after an outlier first half at the plate in Toronto, he reverted to his career form here, hitting .251 with no power in nearly 200 at-bats.

Biggest surprise, individual category: Joey Bart was the Giants’ version of Henry Davis until he became the Pirates’ version of Joey Bart. Acquired for a pittance in April, the former No. 2 overall pick led the team (among players with more than 200 ABs) in slugging percentage and OPS. He also hit 13 home runs and figures to be in pole position at catcher come spring.

Biggest disappointment, team category: The bullpen. Thought to be a strength, it imploded early and late and fueled the season-wrecking, 10-game losing streak with a series of forgettable performances. David Bednar blew as many saves in the first 10 days as he did all of last season, and after a brief mid-season rebound, was even worse later on. He was a strong LVP candidate.

Biggest disappointment, individual category: Henry Davis. This figured to be the year the former No. 1 overall pick made his mark. He became unplayable, instead, with one home run and a .144 batting average in 104 at-bats.

And that’s the thing with the Pirates’ underachieving position players: They weren’t just “disappointing.” They were unplayable for long stretches, although that didn’t stop the Pirates from playing some of them regularly. Among those who contributed almost nothing for months at a time: Jack Suwinski, Jared Triolo, Hayes, Michael A. Taylor, Connor Joe, Tellez, Yasmani Grandal and Edward Olivares, who remarkably went without an extra-base hit in his final 63 at-bats here, spanning three months. And yet, he still found himself in the middle of the order at times.

Did that really happen?

Shelton removed Jones from an early season shutout start after 59 pitches — 50 of which were strikes.

Best managerial decision: Inserting Andrew McCutchen into the leadoff spot early in the season. As a leadoff hitter, McCutchen hit 15 home runs with a .781 OPS and a .343 on-base percentage. Over a whole season, that OBP would have been top 15 in the National League.

Worst managerial decision: On Aug. 4 against Arizona, the Pirates led 4-0 going into the sixth with Skenes on the mound, but later, with lefties Jalen Beeks and Aroldis Chapman available, Shelton let struggling right-hander Colin Holderman face red-hot leftie Joc Pederson, who hit a decisive three-run homer. Shelton then let Jake Woodford pitch the ninth instead of Chapman. Woodford allowed a homer, too, and the Pirates lost by two.

Best organizational decision: Besides calling up Skenes earlier than many expected and keeping Jones out of spring training? Probably moving Cruz to center field. It had become fairly obvious that the whole shortstop thing wasn’t going to work.

Worst organizational decision: Again, we could spend hours, but stiffing Tellez out of a $200,000 bonus at the last second was vintage Bob Nutting and literally made the Pirates an international laughingstock for a day. Tellez needed just four plate appearances, likely one game, to trigger the bonus. Even in Canada, where Tellez played for the Blue Jays, people were ripping the Pirates to shreds.

Stat of the Year: MLB teams had been 1,192-0 over the previous seven years in games they led by seven or more runs heading into the seventh inning. The Pirates turned that into 1,192-1 when they melted down against the Cubs on Aug. 28. Upon the final out, broadcaster Greg Brown said, “One of the worst losses in the history of the Pittsburgh Pirates today. Historic.”

Prideful moments: Every time McCutchen steps to the plate.

Embarrassing moments: Well, besides the Cubs’ combined no-hitter, it was the Pirates disrespecting the game by allowing Tellez to pitch three times in 11 days (and watching him post an ERA that was better than Bednar’s at the time). It was funny the first time. It was sickening — and probably emblematic of the season — when it happened the third time in that short a span.

Number that needs to change: The Pirates had the second-lowest payroll in the majors at just over $85 million, which is roughly $9 million less than the team in front of them. Only the A’s, who barely count, paid less for players. Just a total disgrace.

Best series: Incredibly, it was the season-opening series against Miami. The Pirates swept the four-game set, winning twice in extra innings. Even more incredibly, they would sweep only one more series — against the pathetic White Sox — over the next five months before taking three from the Marlins a few weeks ago.

Worst series: You can’t top the one in San Diego during that 10-game losing streak, which was nothing but a series of groin kicks. Or maybe you can — the Pirates gave up 41 runs in three straight losses to the Cubs in late August.

Quotes of the Year:

“I actually see this team being a 100-win team next season.” — Kiner-Falefa, who apparently was not joking.

“He’s our shortstop.” — GM Ben Cherington, who apparently was not joking, even though he said this on Aug. 18, and Cruz was moved to center field eight days later.

“We don’t do that here.” — Rowdy Tellez, who apparently was not joking even though he’d been in Pittsburgh for approximately 10 seconds when he decided to scold fans for booing closer David Bednar.

First Published: September 26, 2024, 3:04 p.m.
Updated: September 27, 2024, 2:03 a.m.

Joe Starkey can be heard on week­days from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on 93.7 The Fan.
  jstarkey@post-gazette.com
  @JoeStarkey1
 RELATED
 
Noah Hiles
Pirates drop final home contest of 2024 season to Brewers
 
Noah Hiles and Andrew Destin
Pirates mailbag: Will decision to DFA Rowdy Tellez shy of bonus negatively impact the offseason?
 
Jason Mackey
Jason Mackey: Pirates’ Paul Skenes enjoys another first during his remarkable rookie season
 
Andrew Destin
Former Pirates owner Kevin McClatchy weighs in on Athletics’ impending move to Las Vegas
 
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
WATCH: Is Steelers' Mike Tomlin savvy for handling of QBs Justin Fields, Russell Wilson?
 
Joe Starkey
Joe Starkey: Mike Tomlin suddenly pressing all the right buttons again
 
Ray Fittipaldo
Steelers' offense designed to break opponents down, making Najee Harris a perfect fit
 
Brian Batko
Brian Batko’s Steelers mailbag: What’s the difference-maker for the defense so far?
 
Gerry Dulac
Gerry Dulac's 2024 NFL picks: Week 4
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
LIFE
Kamins give much more than their name and $65 million to the Carnegie Science Center
NEWS
Pittsburgh Parking Authority considers removing residency requirement for employees amid staffing shortage
NEWS
Pittsburgh to settle some lawsuits for $170K in 2018 bar brawl between Pagans, undercover cops
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Penn State loses as Notre Dame kicks game-winning field goal in final seven seconds in a CFP semifinal
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 4:25am  Joel Haas
2
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: Analyzing James Franklin, Drew Allar and blame game after brutal Penn State loss to Notre Dame in national semis
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 5:48am  Jason Mackey
3
SPORTS
Former Pitt volleyball star Torrey Stafford transferring to Texas
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 12:54am  Abby Schnable
4
SPORTS
Brian Batko's Steelers mailbag: Any chance George Pickens is gone this offseason?
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 10:00am  Brian Batko
5
NEWS
'It’s inhumane': Two men charged in brutal 'unprovoked attack' at Aliquippa VFW
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 10:40pm  Megan Guza
AP
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Jason Mackey: Analyzing James Franklin, Drew Allar and blame game after brutal Penn State loss to Notre Dame in national semis
With Baltimore in his blood, Spencer Anderson poised if he starts at guard for Steelers
Penn State loses as Notre Dame kicks game-winning field goal in final seven seconds in a CFP semifinal
Steelers film room: Joey Porter Jr. and an aggressive man coverage scheme vital to beating Ravens
Penguins capitalize on fast start, hang on for victory against high-powered Oilers
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/joe-starkey/2024/09/26/pirates-season-mlb-awards-rookie-of-the-year-paul-skenes/stories/202409260068 
 ----- 
