Login
Cricket Cranes seek redemption against Papua New Guinea

Jun 05, 2024

One of the positives for Uganda was Masaba’s own bowling performance and the fact that they have represented Uganda on the biggest stage
Skipper Brian Masaba was one of the few bright sports for Uganda against Afghanistan. (Courtesy Photo)

Faith Kiai
Journalist @New Vision
#ICC T20 World Cup
#Uganda v Papua New Guinea
#Captain Brian Masaba
128 views

No Comment

____________

ICC T20 World Cup: Uganda v Papua New Guinea (Thursday, 2:30 am)
Uganda’s 125-run loss to Afghanistan has not dampened the team’s spirits but rather has given the group impetus to push on after a rude awakening in the big leagues.

“First game at the World Cup, lots of nerves. It was good to get that out of the way. We will look to come and play better. Once the game starts there is not a lot of time to think and feel stuff. They got off to a pretty good start then it was all about fighting back,” explained captain Brian Masaba.

They were humbled by Afghanistan with both ball and bat but are already looking forward to their encounter with Papua New Guinea.

“Full credit to Afghanistan. They are one of the top bowling sides in the world, tough to get away. We did not bat at 100 per cent and we can do better than this. We will look to bounce back against PNG,” said Masaba.

One of the positives for Uganda was Masaba’s own bowling performance and the fact that they have represented Uganda on the biggest stage.

“It was a pretty special moment for us, hearing our national anthem and seeing our flag at the World Cup. Something I will cherish for the rest of my life,” stated Masaba.

Help us improve! We're always striving to create great content. Share your thoughts on this article and rate it below.

Comments

No Comment

More News
Incomplete arena hampers She Cranes' potential despite global success ...

The promise of a world-class facility raised hopes of hosting numerous international tournaments and elevating Ugandan sports to new heights.

Winning ticket sold for bonanza $1.22 bn US lottery ...

The ticket was sold in the state of California, Mega Millions said, after the winning six numbers were announced on Friday night.

2024: A landmark year for Ugandan badminton ...

Kobugabe wasn’t done as she also picked up a silver medal in the women’s singles final, having registered impressive victories along the way before falling 2-1 to South Africa’s top seed Johanita Scholtz.

More News
Uganda welcomes 2025 with glitzy fireworks and prayers ...

It's a new slate as Ugandans usher in the new year with prayer sessions across the country and glitzy fireworks displays.

Nepal hosts hot air balloon festival ...

Tourism is a major earner for Nepal, which saw over a million foreign visitors this year after a post-pandemic bounceback, and investments are being made in hotels and airports to cater to travellers.

Olila Women’s FC ends first round with hard-fought victory ...

Currently, Olila Women’s Club, which was promoted from the FUFA Women’s Elite League to the Finance Trust Women Super League, is in 10th position on the table with 8 points from 11 games.

Related Stories

T20 World Cup: Uganda to face West Indies on Sunday

Read More

Afghanistan rout debutants Uganda in T20 World Cup opener

Read More

T20 World Cup: Windies outclass Uganda in one-sided affair

Read More

Cricket Cranes suffer heavy defeat in T20 World Cup debut

Read More

Fielding masterclass sets up Uganda's maiden T20 World Cup win

Read More

Key lessons from Afghanistan's performance at the T20 Cricket World Cup

Read More

 
All Rights Reserved © NewVision 2025
Premium
My Subscriptions
Archives
E-Papers
Privacy Policy
Legal Policy
Terms of Use
Contact us
+256 (0)414 337 000
+256 (0)312 337 000
news@newvision.co.ug
This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newvision.co.ug/category/sports/cricket-cranes-seek-redemption-against-papua-NV_189488 
 ----- 
