News
Programmes
Schedules
How to Listen
About RNZ Pacific
PACIFIC
17 Jun 2024
Pasifika Sipoti wrap - results from the weekend
2:31 pm on 17 June 2024 
Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In
Iliesa Tora, Senior Sports Journalist
iliesa.tora@rnz.co.nz
Mark Rabago, RNZ Pacific Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas correspondent

Vaniatu's Kensi Tangis celebrates his goal against the Solomon Islands in Vila on Saturday. Photo: OFC

Co-hosts claim opening wins at OFC Nations Cup

Fiji and Vanuatu, who are co-hosting the 2024 Oceania Nations Cup, opened their campaigns with wins at the weekend.

Vanuatu defeated Solomon Islands 1-0 at home in Vila on Saturday afternoon in the opening Group A match.

Fiji thrashed Papua New Guinea 5-1 in Suva on Sunday evening, kicking off their Group B game in front of their home fans.

Tahiti also recorded a win in their opening game, defeating Samoa 2-0 in Suva.

Vanuatu's win means they have one foot in the semi-finals, as they only have one more game to qualify - a clash against defending champions New Zealand.

Solomon Islands will be under pressure to win against the All Whites in their second and last pool match.

New Caledonia had to pull out of the event following political unrest at home last month.

Ni-Vanutuans celebrate win over Solomons

Vanuatu set off a wild night of celebrations in Port Vila after beating the Solomon Islands.

Veteran Kensi Tangis headed in the winner, which gave Vanuatu their first win over their Melanesian rivals since 2017.

OFC Media reported the match was dubbed a 'Grand Final' by both coaches after the withdrawal of New Caledonia.

Around 6,499 fans packed the VFF Freshwater Stadium and the home side started with a hiss and roar and Johnathan Spokey Jack thought he opened the scoring, only to be denied spectacularly by goalkeeper Phillip Mango and by defender Javid Alick in the rebound.

Over the years, the Solomon Islands have had a superior record against their Pacific neighbour and after the initial Vanuatu onslaught, the visitors started dominating possession as Atkin Kaua began pulling the strings in midfield.

Despite the dominance, Solomon Islands struggled to create clear-cut chances against a solid Vanuatu defence marshalled by Australia A-League champion Brian Kaltak.

Instead, Vanuatu came closest to scoring before the break, first when Bong Kalo missed an open goal, pulling his shot wide before Godine Tenene blasted his volley over the crossbar.

Coach Juliano Schmeling's words at half-time clearly hit their mark, as Vanuatu moved into another gear and created several glorious chances. First Alex Saniel's bullet shot narrowly missed the target, before two attempts by Kalo were blocked by defender Junior David and then Mango.

Vanuatu fans did get their well-deserved goal when super-sub Tangis headed home from a Tenene corner, setting off wild celebrations in VFF Freshwater Stadium and surrounding hillsides.

Tangis, 34, the oldest member of the Vanuatu squad, plays his club football for local Galaxy FC and could not have imagined a better venue to score the biggest goal of his career, only four minutes after coming on.

Fijis Mosese Nabose during the OFC Men's Nations Cup Group B clash against Papua New Guinea in Suva on Sunday 16 June 2024. Photo: Kirk Corrie / www.phototek.nz

Fiji thrash PNG in opener

Meanwhile, Fijian fans had a lot to cheer about as their team scored five goals against Papua New Guinea on Sunday.

OFC Media reported a loud and partisan home crowd were on hand to witness Rob Sherman's side make the ideal start to their campaign.

The Bula Boys started scoring early, with Auckland City's Nabil Begg hitting the back of the net two minutes into the game with his goal, giving PNG Ronald Warisan no chance to stop the ball.

PNG also showed glimpses of their own attacks, with Tommy Semmy pressuring Fijian goalkeeper Isikeli Sevanaia a few times.

But the tournament co-host continued to counter-attack and find their way into the PNG box, as Tevita Waranaivalu and Scott Wara denied their attempts by Warisan.

PNG's defence finally crumbled in the face of continued pressure, with Begg setting up Dunn, who nodded in Fiji's second goal just before halfime.

Dunn added a second just seven minutes into the second half, converting from close range as Papua New Guinea failed to pick him up following a low cross.

Setareki Hughes' effort from the edge of the box deflected off Alwin Komolong and wrong-footing keeper Warisan, for Fiji's fourth of the day.

Veteran Roy Krishna finished off the scoring after he scored from a through ball sent via Mosese Nabose.

Not to be outdone, PNG got one of their own back through Tommy Semmy, who slotted the ball low into the bottom right corner of the goal.

Fiji now go on to face Samoa on Wednesday night, while Papua New Guinea will battle Tahiti earlier in the day.

Samoa's Dauntae Mariner during the OFC Men's Nations Cup Group B game against Tahiti in Suva on Sunday 16 June 2024. Photo: Kirk Corrie / www.phototek.nz

Tahiti claim win over Samoa

Tahiti started their campaign in Suva, with a win over Samoa.

Two first-half goals set Samuel Garcia's side on their way, despite a resilient and spirited effort from the Samoans.

Only four minutes were on the clock when Matéo Degrumelle latched onto a through ball from Manuarii Shan, before prodding an effort that escaped under the grasp of goalkeeper Joel Bartley.

Degrumelle was a constant threat down the Tahiti right-hand side and almost created a second when he crossed to the back post but Shan could only side-foot his effort wide of the far post.

The second goal came not long after Captain Teaonui Tehau doubled the lead.

Samoa tried hard to find the net throughout the game but were unsuccessful.

OFC Media reported there was a notable drop in pace and intensity in the second-half - perhaps understandable in the hot and humid conditions in Suva.

The victory gives Tahiti the perfect start to their campaign, whilst Samoa will look to rebound on match day two on Wednesday, when they face co-hosts Fiji.

AJ Lam makes a break for the Blues in their Super Rugby Pacific semi-final against the Brumbies in Auckland. Photo: photosport

Pasifika heritage players score tries in semi-finals

Seven Pasifika heritage players were on the scoresheets at the weekend's Super Rugby Pacific semi-finals.

Five scored during the Blues - Brumbies Super Rugby semi-final clash at Eden Park on Friday night.

The Blues won 34-20 with tries from AJ Lam, Caleb Clarke and Hoskins Sotutu, players with links to Samoa and Fiji.

For the Brumbies forward Rob Valetini, whose elder brother Kemu played for the Fijian Drua, scored a try.

Flyhalf Noah Lolesio, who has links to Samoa. kicked two conversions and two penalties.

Two players also scored tries in the second Super Rugby semi-final clash between the Hurricanes and the Chiefs in Wellington on Saturday.

Samipeni Finau, who is of Tongan origin, opened the scoring for the Chiefs, who went on to win the clash 30-19.

Peter Lakai, of Fijian origin, opened the Hurricanes' opening try.

The Chiefs will now meet the Blues in the final this weekend.

The Guam 3x3 basketball teams that won gold in Majuro. Photo: Guam Sports Network

Guam wins basketball gold in Majuro

Team Guam swept the gold medals in the 3×3 basketball event at the 10th Micornesian Games in the Marshall Islands at the weekend.

Guam Sports Network reported on Monday that both the men's and women's teams went undefeated in pool play and each team won their gold medal matches.

The women's team of Alura Hernandez, Jia Peters, Elysia Perez and Mia San Nicolas were first up in their gold medal match against Nauru. They won 21-5.

The men's team, composed of Blaise Ada, Mark Johnson, Michael Sakazaki and Leon Shimizu, took on Palau in the final and won 21-8.

Women's co-captain San Nicolas told Guam Sports Network they were happy to have achieved their goal.

"This win was a team effort! Each of us fulfilled our roles, played with heart, and did what was needed to get the job done," she added.

Men's team captain Sakazaki said they dedicated their win to their families and fans.

"Our 3×3 team's goal coming into this tournament is playing for the name in front of our jerseys. Playing for our island, family, and friends, and playing for each other," Sakazaki said.

"I'm extremely proud of our rookies (Blaise and Leon) as they truly stepped up and were composed the entire time. For veterans like Mark and I, this one is truly sweet as we just came off a gold medal in the Solomon Islands and can add to our experiences together."

Guam will now focus on winning the normal 5x5 basketball gold medals.

Their women's team will meet Palau and the men's team take on Kiribati on Tuesday.

Meanwhile, Nauru has bagged a silver and a bronze medal from basketball at the 2024 Micronesian Games in Majuro.

Nauru TV reported the country's men's team defeated Kiribati to win bronze.

Their women's team lost to Guam in the final and claimed silver.

Maria Batallones, right, and Frances Raho. Photo: Supplied

CNMI dominates Day 1 of swimming

The Commonwealth of Northern Marianas (CNMI) won four gold medals, one silver, and one bronze as the swimming competition of the 2024 Micronesian Games on Snday at the Kwajalein Pool in Kwajalein.

National swimmer Kean Pajarillaga struck first by topping the men's 1650-yard freestyle with a time of 17:06.74, while teammate Justin Ma also made the podium by coming in third with a swim of 18:25.24. Pohnpei's Kyler Kihleng took the silver in 17:30.60.

"I feel pretty happy about my race, but I wish I would've gotten a faster time though. I wanted to have a time that was closer to my college's record for my event. I am dedicating this win to my family, my coach and his wife, and my friends," Pajarillaga said.

Maria Batallones then kept the CNMI rolling with another gold in the women's 1650-yard freestyle after touching the tile in 19:32.65.

Frances Raho gave Team NMI a 1-2 finish with a swim of 20:05.97, while Sari Barman almost gave the CNMI a sweep but settled for fourth place with a time of 22:12.83. Palau's Mikel Galyah took the bronze (20:56.07).

"Swimming the mile felt amazing to me, I was really feeling that race. I made sure to watch my pace and have nice strong strides," Batallones said.

"Seeing my coach cheering me on by the poolside really encouraged me to swim faster. The mile is a long swim so there was a lot on my mind, however, I used that as my motivation."

She said she was thinking of her family watching at home and could hear the crowd and my teammates cheering her on.

"A lot of people believe in me, so I made sure not to let them down. This was my first win of this competition and I would like to think of this as an inspiration for the days ahead of me," Batallones said.

The CNMI also mined gold medals in the mixed 200-yard freestyle relay and mixed 400-yard freestyle relay.

Pajarillaga and Batallones teamed up with Isaiah Aleksenko and Shoko Litulumar to blow Palau out of the water in the mixed 200-yard freestyle relay, 1:36.66-1:39.57. Host Marshall Islands was third (1:39.96).

In the mixed 400-yard freestyle relay, Batallones, Aleksenko, Raho, and Kouki Watanabe grabbed the gold with a dominating 3:52.10 swim. Palau (4:05.61) and Pohnpei (4:16.27) were a far second and third.

Barramundis lose third match, out of world cup

The Papua New Guinea Barramundis are out of the ICC T20 World Cup in the West Indies after they suffered their third loss at the hands of Afghanistan on Friday.

Afghanistan took a seven wicket win in the clash, after managing to score 101 runs, with the loss of three wickets.

Papua New Guinea had scored 95 runs, after losing 10 wickets, after their opponents had opted to field first.

The loss means the Barramundis will be playing for pride when they face New Zealand on Tuesday in their last pool game.

The Barramundis had lost to the West Indies by five wickets in their opening pool game before being beaten by Uganda by three wickets in their second game.

Barramundis captain Assad Vala said his side's "lazy" running between the wickets and failure to adapt to the conditions in Trinidad led to their defeat to Afghanistan.

The Post-Courier reported the loss means they are out of the world cup.

"They are a really good bowling team and to give them four easy wickets with four run-outs, especially my run-out, that was a bit lazy," Vala said after the game.

After being inserted to bat on a dry pitch with variable bounce on offer, PNG batters once again struggled against the new ball being reduced to 30 for 5 inside the powerplay eventually being bowled out for 95 in the last over.

Kiplin Doriga top scored with a 32-ball 27, hitting two boundaries and rotating the strike, but lacked support at the other end with as many as four batters being run out. Vala and Norman Vanua's run-outs were avoidable: the former did not slide his bat inside the crease despite being in and the latter's bat stuck just inches from the crease.

"I think some credit has to go to Afghanistan as well, they fielded really well in those four runouts but I think mine was a bit of lazy running that cost us the wicket but I think there were not enough good loud calls for us to change those run outs," Vala told a press conference. "It's a basic error that we need to correct in the next game."

Vala also name-checked 20-year-old left-arm spinner John Kariko, who has picked only one wicket so far - that of West Indian Nicholas Pooran no less - but has been their most economical bowler conceding just 4.54 runs an over across his 11 overs.

"The bowlers have carried us over the last three games. Our opening bowler Alei Nao has been impressive for us, taking early wickets out front in the three games we have played. And John Kariko, the left-arm spinner, has been bowling really well as well in his first T20 World Cup tournament,"Vala said.

"In terms of batting, I think just the one shining light for us was Sese (Bau) in the first game when he scored 50 for us but we haven't got the runs to back up what the bowlers have been doing in the three games."

Vala said they will gto all out against New Zealand, who have also msised the cut for the world cup last eight.

"[They are our] Oceania neighbours so we are going to go all out. They want to take some pride as well. They're disappointed that they've gone out the way they have. So, we're going to give everything that we've got against them," he said.

"Being adaptable and playing the best cricket in all conditions we come to face," Vala said when asked about the side's takeaways.

"I think the conditions have been challenging not just for us but for every team that has been playing in the Caribbean. And we need to adapt quickly and learn as we go on."

Tags: 
Pasifika Sipoti
Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In

Copyright © 2024, Radio New Zealand

NEXT STORY IN PACIFIC
Call for NZ govt to include ethnicity when tackling pay gap
PACIFIC
Fiji police describe leaked explicit video of MP an intrusion of privacy
French Pacific news in brief
Rescue team deployed after Vanuatu earthquake welcomed back to NZ
Get the RNZ app

for ad-free news and current affairs

 
TOP NEW ZEALAND STORIES
Multiple injuries following crash on State Highway 1 north of Mangaweka
Plane crashes on runway in South Korea, rescue underway
The oddest news RNZ covered in 2024
Man believed to have died after falling off mattress on top of a station wagon
Nurse stabbed following Rotorua patient callout
SUBSCRIBE

Pacific RSS

Follow RNZ News
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.rnz.co.nz/international/pacific-news/519762/pasifika-sipoti-wrap-results-from-the-weekend 
 ----- 
