Skip to content
December 29, 2024
FB
Twitter

FOOTBALL IN OCEANIA

STORIES FROM THE BEAUTFIUL GAME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS

Primary Menu
Perfect starts for Fiji and Tahiti

Both host Fiji and Tahiti took solid wins in the first matchday of Group B of the OFC Nations Cup.

Fiji celebrate a goal against Papua New Guinea at the OFC Nations Cup (Photo: OFC Media via Phototek)

Tahiti and Samoa played the first game in Group B, being played in Fiji’s capital Suva.

Two first-half goals set Samuel Garcia’s side on their way, despite a resilient and spirited effort from Samoa.

Only four minutes were on the clock when Matéo Degrumelle latched onto a through ball from Manuarii Shan, before prodding an effort that escaped under the grasp of goalkeeper Joel Bartley.

Samoas Taine Wilson and Tahitis Ariiura Labaste (Photo: OFC Media via Phototek)

Degrumelle was a constant threat down the Tahiti right-hand side and almost created a second when he crossed to the back post but Shan could only side-foot his effort wide of the far post.

The vital second goal came not long after however. Captain Teaonui Tehau doubling the lead – finishing from an Eddy Kaspard cross that had initally evaded Ariiura Labaste.

Big scoreline

In the second match, host Fiji got the start the fans was looking for, as they powered their way to an impressive 5-1 win over Papua New Guinea.

Less than two minutes were on the clock when the deadlock was broken. The pacey Nabil Begg driving at the heart of the Papua New Guinea defence before lashing his effort high into the net, beyond the grasp of goalkeeper Ronald Warisan.

Fijis Setareki Hughes and Papua New Guineas Pala Paul (Photo: OFC Media via Phototek)

Thomas Dunn added two goals for Fiji either side of the half time mark, while an own goal from Alwin Komolong and captain Roy Krishna fixed the rest of Fiji’s goals.

Tommy Semmy added a consolation goal for PNG in the dying minutes.

Enter the text or HTML code here

About Author
Ola Bjerkevoll

A passion for everything football and especially in Oceania. Owner of Football in Oceania.

See author's posts

Share this article:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Tags: Fiji, News, Oceania, OFC Nations Cup, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Tahiti
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Featured on
International Football News 24/7

 

Follow Football in Oceania on Twitter
Follow Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Football in Oceania RSS

 RSS - Posts

Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Categories
American Samoa (29)
Beach Soccer (9)
Cook Islands (50)
Exclusive Features (5)
Exclusive Interviews (22)
Federated States of Micronesia (1)
FIFA Club World Cup (7)
FIFA Women's World Cup (8)
Fiji (72)
Futsal (10)
Kiribati (16)
Marshall Islands (6)
Nauru (5)
New Caledonia (47)
New Zealand (76)
Niue (4)
Non-FIFA (12)
Oceania (53)
OFC Champions League (45)
OFC Futsal Champions League (2)
OFC Nations Cup (4)
OFC U-16 Women's Championship (1)
OFC U16 Championship (4)
OFC U19 Championship (2)
OFC Women's Champions League (3)
OFC Women's Nations Cup (24)
OFC World Cup Qualifiers (28)
Olympic football (1)
Olympic Qualifiers (7)
Opinion (9)
Outside Oceania (6)
Pacific Games (18)
Palau (2)
Papua New Guinea (72)
Podcast (5)
Press Release (8)
Samoa (49)
Solomon Islands (79)
Tahiti (56)
Tonga (41)
Tuvalu (17)
U-17 World Cup (6)
U-20 World Cup (4)
Vanuatu (53)
Wallis & Futuna (1)
Women's Football (46)
You may have missed
Auckland City legend recalls Magic of Morocco
Krishna out for season with serious injury
Auckland set to play giants
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
Nations in Oceania Oceania Events Calendar National Leagues in Oceania The Podcast About Contact
FB
 
Twitter
Copyright Football in Oceania © All rights reserved. CoverNews by AF themes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballoceania.com/2024/06/16/perfect-starts-for-fiji-and-tahiti/ 
 ----- 
