Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
SportCricket
England ‘left it all out there’ to avoid early T20 World Cup exit, Jos Buttler insists

After defeat to Ireland and a rained off clash with Australia, England had plenty riding on their match-up with the Black Caps in Brisbane

Sports Staff
Tuesday 01 November 2022 08:17 EDT
0
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
England had plenty riding on their match-up with the Black Caps in Brisbane (AFP via Getty Images)
Your support helps us to tell the story
SUPPORT NOW

From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging.

At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story.

The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it.

Your support makes all the difference.
Read more

Captain Jos Buttler admitted England “left it all out there” as they put their T20 World Cup campaign back on course with a crucial win over New Zealand.

After defeat to Ireland and a rained off clash with Australia, England had plenty riding on their match-up with the Black Caps in Brisbane.

Defeat would have left their hopes of a semi-final place hanging by a thread, but Buttler led the way with the bat after electing to field first, clubbing 73 off 47 balls.

A 20-run victory moves them up to second spot and with a handy net run-rate with victory over Sri Lanka on Saturday almost certain to be enough to secure a place in the last four.

“You don’t become a bad team overnight. We had one poor performance but we have some good players, some dangerous players and lots of confidence in the group too,” he said.

RECOMMENDED
England beat New Zealand to keep T20 World Cup hopes alive

“I thought we came out tonight and left it all out there.”

Buttler’s innings, alongside opening partner Alex Hales (52 from 40), proved vital in providing a platform for England’s deep batting lineup to pile on the runs later on.

Promoted stories
Iowa: I Found Knee Pain Relief Using This Natural Alternative
REJUVAKNEE | KNEE-PAIN RELIEF
Learn More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links

“It’s quite a ruthless tournament,” he added. “That’s what you expect from World Cup cricket, you expect to be under pressure and you expect that you have to win games against the best teams in the world.

“With our line-up batting deep, it allows you to take it on an over earlier than you might do otherwise.”

New Zealand skipper Kane Williamson admitted his side had contributed to their own pain by twice dropping Buttler.

Williamson appeared to claim the first of those before replays showed it had squirmed free.

RECOMMENDED
MSNBC panel laughs reading Trump weekend rant about being ‘evilly’ treated by courts
A man disappeared at a festival. Six years later, human remains have been found
No more frequent finger pricks to test blood sugar！
sherum
|
Sponsored
Memory Loss Is Not From Age! Meet The Real Enemy Of Memory Loss
Super Nutrition Findings
|
Sponsored
Powered by Taboola

"I thought I'd squeezed it into my chest. It was a little bit embarrassing in the end but it was obviously going to go upstairs," he said.

"He's one of the best, if not the best, players in the game. You don't want to be doing that, if you do he's probably going to make you pay. He did that today, he made the boundaries look quite small and they're certainly not."

More aboutJos ButtlerEngland cricketNew Zealand CricketT20 World Cup
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
Promoted stories
Council Bluffs: These New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunning
BESTSEARCHNOW | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
2024 Buick's Are Turning Heads
SEARCHTOPICS | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Learn More
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
APEX LABS|Sponsored
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds and you can do it right at home...)
ARTHROZENE|Sponsored
Learn More
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
COMMONSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Click Here
Nissan's New Pathfinder SUV Is a Leader in Its Category...
QSEARCH | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates histo...
This game takes you back to a crucial moment in US history.
HISTORICAL STRATEGY GAME|Sponsored
Play Now
Finally Found a Toy That Cats Won't Get Tired of
We all wish we could play with our cats all day, but life keeps us busy. Keep your cat active while you're away.
GRISHAY|Sponsored
Read More
TRAVEL
Swiss flight attendant dies a week after emergency landing
NEWS
Montenegro in shock as children killed in second tiny mountain tow...
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
Managing your diabetes with confidence is easier with our smallest, most discreet CGM. Click here for safety information.
DEXCOM|Sponsored
Click Here
The inconvenient truth about this year’s Booker Prize winner
Samantha Harvey’s ‘Orbital’ – about a single day in space – has scooped this year’s prize
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
TRUESEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Cardiologists: Are You Overweight? Do This Before Bed
Get Your Dream Body With This Viral Doctor's Secret
WELLNESS TIPS|Sponsored
Learn More
ASIA
‘Incredible’ influencer and fiance found dead in Vietnamese villa aft...
NEWS
Israel kills a member of the Palestini an security forces who it says was ...
2024 Senior SUV Is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
BESTSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Learn More
CULTURE
The Osmonds pay tribute as singing brother dies, aged 73
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/cricket/jos-buttler-england-new-zealand-b2215038.html 
 ----- 
