News
T20 World Cup: They were clinical, says New Zealand captain Kane Williamson after loss against England
November 1, 2022 @ 5:49 PMby Vipin Darwade
Written by Vipin Darwade

New Zealand captain Kane Williamson has said that England were clinical in their win at the Gabba. Jos Buttler smashed a half-century to guide England to a 20-run win over New Zealand in the Super-12 stage of the ongoing ICC Men’s T20 World Cup.

“Credit to the way England played, they put us under pressure. They played beautifully, hats-off to England, they were clinical. It was a slightly above par total. We tried to take it little deep, but credit to the way they bowled. It was quite tricky,” said Williamson.

The New Zealand skipper touched upon the dropped catch that he claimed, which could have dismissed the dangerous Jos Buttler early on in the innings, saying it was a bit embarrassing in the end.

The right-handed batter showered praise on Glenn Phillips, saying he turned the momentum in New Zealand’s favor in the middle overs.

“He has been batting beautifully, he got a hundred in the last game, and changed the momentum in our favour somewhat today. You will be put under pressure in such tournaments, but we need to take the positives and move on to the next game,” said Williamson. 

Cricket Age Kane Williamson Pushpendra Albe
Suresh Raina joins Deccan Gladiators for Abu Dhabi T10 League 2022
 
“Rohit Sharma not bothered About Fielding”: Ajay Jadeja
You may also like
News
India Knocked Out Of Race To Qualify For World Test...
News
India surrender Border Gavaskar Trophy after 10 years...
News
Ryan Rickleton scores fastest double ton for South...
News
Saim Ayub in doubt for Champions Trophy, ruled out for...
News
‘I Have Not Retired, I Have Just Stepped Down...
News
Rohit Sharma ‘rested’ for Sydney Test...
About the author
Vipin Darwade
View all posts
Categories
Articles
570
Emagazine
1
Exclusive
847
Inside Story
280
Interview
10
News
8,974
Off The Field
2,481
Opinion
2,156
Photos
56
Player Of The Match
1
Player Of The Month
2
Rankings
131
Retirement Life
1
Speak The Heart
4
Twitter Updates
449
Uncategorized
315
Videos
1
Ads.

Advertisement







Sponsors
Latest Posts
India Knocked Out Of Race To Qualify For World Test...
India surrender Border Gavaskar Trophy after 10...
Ryan Rickleton scores fastest double ton for South...
Saim Ayub in doubt for Champions Trophy, ruled out...
‘I Have Not Retired, I Have Just Stepped Down...
Rohit Sharma ‘rested’ for Sydney Test...
Pakistan board worried due to incomplete renovation...
Coach Gambhir wants India batters to put team first...
Australia drop struggling Mitchell Marsh, Mitchell...
Kusal Perera blasts Sri Lanka’s fastest T20I...
Most Viewed
Sumathipala-Shammi Silva Associate Attempts 5.5...
Chandika Hathurusingha Charges a whopping 60,000 USD...
Chandika Hathurusingha short listed for West Indies...
SLC Finance Division Sealed Over Fraud
Angry With Coach Hathurasingha, Sri Lanka Selectors...
Hathurusingha Engages In Ugly Spat With Selector...
SLC Head Of Marketing Tenders Resignation, To Leave...
Sports Minister Asks SLC To Remove...
Three Sri Lanka U19 Players Found Drunk After Asia...
Angelo Mathews Ruled Out, Kaushal Silva-Milinda...
Latest Interviews
Interim Committee is not an option to run Cricket in Sri...
Charlie Austin a curse for Sri Lanka Cricket, need to be...
We’re Social
facebook
twitter
google-play
Subscribe Us
Subscribe to notifications

Copyright © 2020. Powered by Mr.HiTech.

About
Contact
Privacy Policy
DMCA
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricketage.in/2022/11/01/t20-world-cup-they-were-clinical-says-new-zealand-captain-kane-williamson-after-loss-against-england/ 
 ----- 
