Subscribe to WSN. Sign up for special offers

Home
 
Cricket

England vs New Zealand: New Zealand Undefeated in the Ongoing Tournament
Contributors
Updated October 31, 2022
4 min read

England lead the head-to-head record against New Zealand by 13 wins to 8. 

New Zealand are undefeated in the ongoing tournament.

England need to win this match to keep their semifinal hopes alive. 

England vs New Zealand Odds
Team	Odds


England

	

-175

BET HERE




New Zealand

	

+138

BET HERE

England vs New Zealand Prediction and Pick

The two teams have faced each other in 23 T20 internationals, with England leading by a decent margin. England have won 13 games whereas New Zealand have been victorious on nine occasions. The Black Caps are undefeated in the tournament but England have the tools to stop them. 

England to win.  

How We Rate
Affiliate Disclaimer
21+

🔥 Claimed by 196 people this week!

Caesars

4.5/5

No bet-throughs required

Lots of sport-specific promos

Promo code 'WSN1000'

BET $1, DOUBLE YOUR WINNINGS YOUR NEXT 10 BETS

21+ | T&Cs Apply. Gambling problem? Call or text 1-800-GAMBLER.

Claim Now
Caesars Review
Predicted XI

England: Alex Hales, Jos Buttler (c/wk), Dawid Malan, Ben Stokes, Liam Livingstone, Harry Brook, Moeen Ali, Sam Curran, Chris Woakes, Adil Rashid, Mark Wood

New Zealand: Finn Allen, Devon Conway (wk), Kane Williamson (c), Glenn Phillips, Daryl Mitchell, James Neesham, Mitchell Santner, Ish Sodhi, Tim Southee, Trent Boult, Lockie Ferguson

England Must Overcome the Challenge of Unbeaten New Zealand to Stay in the Hunt

England will be fighting for their lives when they take on New Zealand in the next Group 1 fixture at the Gabba on Tuesday. New Zealand sit at the top of the group table while England and Australia are in a race for second place. But keep in mind the tournament has been utterly unpredictable.   

The Jos Buttler-led side crawled their way to a five-wicket victory over Afghanistan in their opening game. They were then defeated by Ireland by just five runs on the DLS method in a match they were in a good position to win if not for the rain. 

England then had to share a point each with Australia after their much-anticipated clash was rained out. They have three points from three games with a net run rate of 0.239. England now need to win both games while keeping an eye on the net run rate. 

New Zealand, on the other hand, have five points from three games with a ridiculous net run rate of 3.850, which keeps them in great shape even if they tie on points. They hammered Australia by 89 runs in the first game before the clash versus Afghanistan was washed out. 

The Kane Williamson-led side then smashed Sri Lanka by 65 runs on the back of a sensational century from Glenn Phillips. He propelled New Zealand from 15/3 to 167/7 before Trent Boult claimed his career-best 4 for 13 off four overs to bowl out Sri Lanka for just 102. 

Team News

England have a settled side and they're unlikely to make any changes barring late injuries. Their top order failed in the first two games, something they can't afford in a must-win situation. The likes of Jos Buttler, Alex Hales, Dawid Malan, and Ben Stokes need to step up. Liam Livingstone and Moeen have looked in good touch. Livingstone has also done well as the fifth bowling option alongside Stokes. In the bowling department, Sam Curran and Mark Wood have been excellent but Chris Woakes and Adil Rashid can be a concern against a top side. 

New Zealand had Daryl Mitchell back in the side for the previous game after the all-rounder fully recovered from an injury. They are likely to stick with the same playing XI for this fixture as well. The bowling attack has been outstanding in the tournament so far with Trent Boult, Tim Southee, Mitchell Santner, and Ish Sodhi in good form. Lockie Ferguson hasn't been at his best but remains ahead in the pecking order. The batting unit has seen two exceptional performances from Devon Conway and Glenn Phillips but there's still a lot of vulnerability that England would want to exploit. 

Key Players

Mark Wood has been bowling at a rapid pace in recent times and will be a key factor in this game with some of the New Zealand batters being vulnerable to express pace. He has snared 11 wickets in the last four T20Is with three three-fours. Wood has 37 wickets for England in 24 T20Is at a strike rate of 14.2. 

Trent Boult is coming off career-best bowling figures of 4 for 13 in the previous game. The left-arm seamer has the ability to win matches with the new ball if any movement is on offer. Boult has 72 wickets in just 52 matches for New Zealand at an economy of 7.77, striking every 16.2 balls.   

How We Rate
Affiliate Disclaimer
21+

🔥 Claimed by 53 people this week!

BetMGM

4.5/5

Parlays with enhanced odds

Impressive range of bets

Promo Code "WSNSPORTS"

GET UP TO $1,500 IN BONUS BETS

21+ | T&Cs apply. *Bonus Bets Expire in 7 Days. One New Customer Offer Only. Add’l terms.

Claim Now
BetMGM Review
How to Watch England vs New Zealand
Teams	England vs New Zealand


Location 

	

Gabba, Brisbane 




Time

	

Tuesday, 1st November, 1:30 PM IST/8 AM GMT




How to watch

	

Star Sports Network/Disney+ Hotstar (India), SportsMax (Caribbean), Fox Sports & Channel 7 (Australia), Sky Sport NZ (New Zealand), SuperSport (South Africa), Willow TV (USA), Sky Sports Cricket (United Kingdom)

Latest Cricket Articles
Show more

T20 World Cup 2024 Player Props & Best Bets for Saturday, June 29

6 months ago | Rohit Sankar

T20 World Cup 2024 Winner Predictions, Odds & Favorites: Can South Africa Go All the Way?

6 months ago | Rohit Sankar

T20 World Cup 2024 Player Props & Best Bets for Thursday, June 27

6 months ago | Rohit Sankar
4.5/5
Bet $1, Double Your Winnings Your Next 10 Bets
21+ | T&Cs Apply. Gambling problem? Call or text 1-800-GAMBLER.
Claim Now

Rohit Sankar

CRICKET BETTING ANALYST

Expertise:
Cricket
Betting Picks
Rohit is a cricket enthusiast striving to convey the finer details of the game in a capsule. He hopes to present a bird's eye view of the game, as he sees it, to the readers. He is smitten by the likes of ABD but crushes on pace bowlers who can make the ball talk.
MORE ARTICLES BY ROHIT SANKAR
Email:
rohit.sankar@wsn.com
Nationality:
American
Education:
N/A
Favourite Sportsbook:
bet365 Sportsbook
Favourite Casino:
BetMGM Casino
Experience:
6 years
Get special offers and tips straight to your inbox

Sign up to our newsletter to get WSN's latest hands-on reviews, expert advice, and exclusive offers delivered straight to your inbox.

Subscribe
We've been featured on:
We only list licensed sportsbooks
POPULAR
NBA vs WNBA
UFC Weight Classes
DraftKings vs FanDuel
Fair-Weather Fans
Best Movie Training Montages
Parlay Calculator
Horse Racing Calculator
High School Athlete Endorsement Index
NFL Offense Rankings
NFL Defense Rankings
NFL Picks Against the Spread
NFL FUTURES
Super Bowl Odds
NFC Championship Odds
AFC Championship Odds
NFL MVP Odds
NFL Offensive Player Of The Year Odds
NFL Defensive Player Of The Year Odds
NFL Win Totals Odds
View All NFL Futures
ABOUT WSN
Contact Us
About Us
Our Team
How We Rate
Responsible Gambling
Careers
Press
Environment and Sustainability
Diversity and Inclusion
Web Accessibility
Sitemap
POLICY
Editorial Principles
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Underage Policy
Player Rights
KYC (Know Your Customer)
Security Policy

We support responsible gambling. Gambling can be addictive, please play responsibly. If you need help, call 1-800-Gambler.

WSN.com is managed by Gentoo Media. Unless declared otherwise, all of the visible content on this site, such as texts and images, including the brand name and logo, belongs to Innovation Labs Limited (a Gentoo Media company) - Company Registration Number C44130, VAT ID: MT18874732, @GIG Beach Triq id-Dragunara, St. Julians, STJ3148, Malta.

Advertising Disclosure: WSN.com contains links to partner websites. When a visitor to our website clicks on one of these links and makes a purchase at a partner site, World Sports Network is paid a commission.

Copyright © 2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wsn.com/cricket/england-vs-new-zealand-predictions-2022-11-01/ 
 ----- 
