Copa America

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
SALE ENDS TOMORROW
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.25/week for your first year.
Subscribe now
Billed as $1 every four weeks for your first year,
then $8 every four weeks thereafter. Cancel anytime.
Already a subscriber? Log in
Offer for The Athletic subscription; current subscribers not eligible. Subscription excludes print edition. Subscription also excludes digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking or Wirecutter. Your payment method will automatically be charged in advance the introductory rate of $1.00 every 4 weeks for 1 year, and after 1 year the standard rate of $8.00 every 4 weeks. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. For subscribers in the U.S., cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. For international subscribers, see our Terms of Service for further information. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change.
Canada wins penalty shootout against Venezuela, faces rematch with Argentina in Copa America semifinal
By Josh Kloke, Melanie Anzidei, Jeff Rueter
Jul 6, 2024

207

An American is headed to the Copa America semifinal, but he doesn’t play for the U.S. men’s national team. He coaches Canada.

In what was one of the games of the tournament thus far, Canada and Venezuela battled through 90 minutes and penalties for the privilege of advancing in the Copa America. In the end, Jesse Marsch’s Canadian side came out victorious.

Canada struck first with a goal in the first half from ‘Maritime Messi’ Jacob Shaffelburg, but Venezuela’s veteran captain Salomón Rondón took advantage of goalkeeper Maxime Crépeau standing outside the 18-yard box and chipped in a long-range shot to equalize in the 64th minute.

The two sides traded shots throughout the match, resulting in penalties where Canada were the winners thanks to a final strike from Ismaël Koné. The prize? A trip to New Jersey on Tuesday for a semifinal rematch against reigning champion Argentina, who looked fallible in a penalty kick shootout win of its own.

Josh Kloke, Melanie Anzidei and Jeff Rueter take you through how it happened..

How did Canada win it?

An early goal from Canada. Long-range chip for Venezuela to equalize. A leave-it-all-on-the-pitch battle through 90 minutes. A laser. And a calm, cool and collected finish.

The Canadian national team showed something Friday that is very familiar in North America: grit. It’s an intangible historically seen from the U.S. men’s national team. But with the Americans bounced from the tournament in the group stage, it was Canada who filled the void.

	Canada defeats Venezuela in a penalty shootout to reach Copa America semifinal (Sam Hodde/Getty Images)

When found in nature, few things are as dazzling as perfect symmetry. Unfortunately, few things in the sport of soccer are less natural than a penalty shootout. A game often decided by moments of transition is instead turned into a series of stand-alone events.

Despite this, Venezuela and Canada treated us to an oddly symmetrical shootout. Each team’s first kicker made their shot. Their second members both missed the target. The third kicker was back on target, before the fourth were unfortunate to have their on-frame attempts saved by the goalkeeper. As the fifth kickers found the upper corner, it was a balance that even Wes Anderson would admire.

Of course, all bets are off once the players who aren’t among a team’s first five choices are forced to step to the spot. Both teams opted for a late-game substitute to take their sixth option — a rare chance for each coach to directly impact the game mid-stride. While Wilker Angel had his shot saved by a redeemed Crépeau, Ismaël Koné slotted his home to send Canada to a Copa América semi-final.

Mere months ago, Canada looked at risk of losing all the momentum harnessed in that magical 2022 World Cup cycle. The team didn’t have a head coach, and players were frustrated at the stagnation. Now, Marsch has evoked not just the dogged determination that characterized the John Herdman era, but more consistent chance creation and a more defined team shape that could, in time, yield a more dependable threat to contend.

Jeff Rueter

Who stood out for Canada?

As expected, the man for Canada’s big moment was patrolling their left flank. It just wasn’t Alphonso Davies.

Marsch has opted to deploy the 23-year-old face of the program at left back, the same role he’s owned for years since moving to Bayern Munich. This doesn’t just ease the pressure on Davies — it brings more of the program’s best players (that is, the wide attackers) into the lineup to offer a more proactive approach.

Little has come easy in Shaffelburg’s career. The man lovingly known as the ‘Maritime Messi’ came up in Nova Scotia and later through Toronto FC’s academy. While most clubs would relish a homegrown attacking option and want them to stick around, Toronto’s commitment to lavish spending in attacking roles made Shaffelburg expendable — traded within MLS’s Eastern Conference to Nashville SC.

Strong form for an otherwise struggling Nashville side helped him land a spot on this tournament’s roster. So, too, did a crucial goal in Copa América qualifying against Trinidad & Tobago, suggesting a player known for his hustle had a bit of big-game finishing about him. That came in handy again on Friday, as Shaffelburg was the only Canadian player to cash in on a bounty of chances in the first half.

Shaffelburg operates in a sweet spot for Marsch’s still-nascent system. Right-sided defenders will still fear Davies’ every involvement more than Shaffelburg’s, while back-line anchors will stay central to neutralize Jonathan David and Cyle Larin rather than shift focus to the greasy mullet cutting into the half-space. A cool first-touch finish was a just reward for one of North America’s most industrious players.

Jeff Rueter

How did Venezuela find the equalizer?

Venezuela came out in the second half knowing it needed to be more aggressive in its attack if it wanted to stand a chance at defeating a strong Canadian side that is known for its backline. Yeferson Soteldo and Jose Martinez dominated the flanks for Venezuela, persistently penetrating Canada’s defensive end, and the pressure mounted.

But it was Venezuela’s captain Rondón who gave his team the much-needed relief in the 64th minute. With Crépeau off his line, Rondón took full advantage of a long punt forward and floated a ball over the goalkeeper’s head from long-range before it bounced into the back of an open net, bringing the mostly Venezuelan crowd to their feet. The stadium roared. La Vinotinto was back in this game, and their historic run continued.

	Rondón equalizes for Venezuela (Omar Vega/Getty Images)

Venezuela kept up with this pace, dominating on their attacking third but, just like the rest of this match, this was a mostly even-sided battle between two countries with everything to prove. As the game clock dwindled, a frantic Fernando Batista directed his players as Canada slowly regained its composure.

La Vinotinto’s fairy tale run has come to an end, as their dreams of clinching their nation’s first-ever Copa America title comes to a screeching halt. The nation’s run in the tournament has been nothing short of historic, bringing joy to a nation that has suffered so much in recent years.

GO DEEPER

Baseball is Venezuela's national sport - but the 2024 Copa America shows why that might be changing

Venezuela and Ecuador remain the lone CONMEBOL nations that have yet to win South America’s grand prize. For a nation that is not known for its football, this is a promising milestone for a nation that will now look towards clinching a qualification to a World Cup for a first time.

Melanie Anzidei

What happened to Tajon Buchanan and how did Canada honor him?

In a training session on Tuesday, Canada suffered the kind of blow that would derail many teams: star winger Tajon Buchanan, Canada’s best player at the 2022 World Cup and a new signing for Inter Milan, broke a tibia bone in his leg. Canada cancelled the session after the incident as Buchanan made his way to the hospital.

As the extent of the injury was revealed and it became clear Buchanan would not only miss the rest of the tournament but four to six months, the mood changed for Canada. Instead of feeling sorry for themselves, the Canadian team clearly rallied around their teammate.

	Jacob Shaffelburg celebrates scoring his team’s first goal, honoring Tajon Buchanan (Charly Triballeau/Getty Images)

They visited him at the hospital after his surgery. They gathered outside the team hotel to welcome him back with applause. And when Shaffelburg scored Canada’s opener, the soccer world learned just how much he resonated within the team. Shaffelburg ran to the Canada bench and held up a Buchanan jersey for the 51,080 in attendance to see.

There were questions about how Canada would do without one of their better attacking players in Buchanan. But the intangible emotions his loss has stirred up seem to be propelling them.

Josh Kloke

What does the result mean for Canada?

For years, this Canadian team has been one of promise. Their players were young but ridiculously talented. They played in Europe and seemed capable of greatness outside of the region. Wins in World Cup qualifying over Mexico and the United States gave hope, but in seemingly every crucial tournament game, knockout round or group stage, Canada faltered. They never learned how to manage the moment.

Yet against an overwhelmingly pro-Venezuela crowd and a team that won their own group, Canada now have a signature win.

Winning a knockout round game in a major tournament shows this core is capable of considering themselves among the next echelon of teams. They managed emotions, locked down the game defensively and showed their quality when they needed to. Even if Venezuela didn’t make the most of their chances, Canada didn’t beat themselves either.

With the win Canada have, quite simply, become the kind of team they’ve long aspired to be.

Josh Kloke

What’s next for Canada?

Argentina vs Canada, MetLife Stadium, New Jersey. Tuesday July 9, 8 p.m. ET.

Recommended Reading
Inside Jesse Marsch’s vision for Ismael Kone: Canada’s next star
Canada’s Tajon Buchanan sustains broken leg in training
Copa America manager fashion: Berhalter’s sneaker collection, Lorenzo’s lucky shirt, Marsch’s shorts
Copa America Power Rankings: Which teams look like they can go all the way?
Why Jesse Marsch’s Canada made the Copa America quarterfinals – and the U.S. and Mexico didn’t
Baseball is Venezuela’s national sport – but the 2024 Copa America shows why that might be changing

(Top photo: Getty Images)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
California Notices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5619544/2024/07/05/canada-venezuela-copa-america-penalty-shootout/ 
 ----- 
