Skip to content
EN
Contact Us

News Center > Marketing performance

Hispanic Sports Fans Drive Record Viewership and Brand Loyalty, Nielsen Highlights Untapped Potential

4 minute read | September 2024

Share
Latest Nielsen report points to Hispanic influence driving growth in soccer audiences and viewership of all major sporting events

NEW YORK, September 10, 2024 – Nielsen, a global leader in audience measurement, data, and analytics, today released new data demonstrating how the Hispanic population is influencing the U.S. sports landscape. In the new report Fanáticos: Nielsenʼs playbook on Hispanic audiences, sports and media engagement, Nielsen spotlights how Latinos are driving higher engagement than ever before to sporting events, and bringing along all U.S. audiences.


The latest trend is evident in the growth of viewership of Copa América and the UEFA 2024 Euro Final. The 2024 Copa América Final drew more than 12 million U.S. viewers, becoming the most-watched Copa Final in the U.S. Of this number, 53% of viewers were Hispanic. The UEFA Euro 2024 Final also set records with 9.5 million U.S. viewers, 40% of whom were Hispanic. This serves as a testament to the increasing Hispanic influence in the U.S., as soccer has deep ties to Hispanic culture, supported by the enthusiasm of its fans.

In addition, Nielsen’s report indicates that Hispanic viewership numbers for U.S. mainstream sports have risen. The Hispanic audience number for the NCAA Women’s Championship skyrocketed by 354% between 2021 and 2024, tripling since 2016. The percentage of Hispanic viewers for the Super Bowl has increased from 10% in 2016 to 14% in 2024 and for the World Series, from 10% in 2016 to 15% in 2023. This illustrates how Hispanic fans are bringing their passion to U.S. sports.

The report also highlights that Hispanic enthusiasm for sports presents ongoing opportunities for brand engagement. Hispanic sports fans are 39% more likely to recommend a company and 37% more likely to feel loyal to a brand if it sponsors a sport they follow. Brands can build their reach in the Hispanic community by working with content analysis, influencer athletes, and user-generated content related to both men’s and women’s sports leagues.

“This report provides brands with deeper insights into how Hispanic fans engage with sports media and are shaping the future of U.S. sports culture,” said Stacie de Armas, SVP of Inclusive Insights, Intelligence and Innovation at Nielsen. “As Hispanic fans drive new trends in sports viewership, brands, leagues and media rights holders have a unique opportunity to connect with a passionate, growing and influential audience.”


Other key highlights in the 2024 Hispanic Diverse Intelligence Series include:

Hispanic audiences are driving more viewers to streaming platforms, as the population makes up nearly 50% of all streaming viewership. Hispanic audiences spend an average of 25 hours per week watching TV, nearly 14 hours of which are using CTV devices
The U.S. Hispanic population spends almost one more hour each week on social media on their smartphones than the general population.
Lionel Messi’s 2023 arrival in Major League Soccer secured a key place for soccer in the U.S. and attracted an audience that extends beyond the Hispanic community. Messi’s move to Inter Miami increased U.S. viewership numbers by 300% for his debut match on Apple TV+.
Hispanic athletes have a growing impact around the world, using social media as a tool. Soccer player Lionel Messi leads in terms of follower count and average media value per post on Instagram, followed by boxer Canelo Alvarez and gymnast Rebeca Andrade.
Copa América has gained traction among non-Hispanic viewers, a testament to the increasing influence and universal appeal of soccer. Over the past three tournaments, the percentage of non-Hispanic U.S. viewers has increased from 27% to 47%.
The U.S. Hispanic population is 32% more likely to consider a brand for the first time if it sponsors an event or sport they follow.

For more details and insights, download  Fanáticos: Nielsenʼs playbook on Hispanic audiences, sports and media engagement. Join the discussion on LinkedIn, Facebook and X.

About Nielsen

Nielsen shapes the world’s media and content as a global leader in audience measurement, data and analytics. Through our understanding of people and their behaviors across all channels and platforms, we empower our clients with independent and actionable intelligence so they can connect and engage with their audiences—now and into the future. Nielsen operates around the world in more than 55 countries. Learn more at www.nielsen.com and connect with us on social media (X, LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram).

Contact

Andy Checo
acheco@dex-p.com
917-880-8702

Patricia Ratulangi
patricia.ratulangi@nielsen.com
312-841-9159

Stay in the loop

Keep up-to-date with our weekly newsletter, Media Pulse.

By clicking on 'Subscribe', I agree to Nielsen's Privacy Notice and Terms of Use.	 


Solutions
Locations
Insights
About Nielsen
Careers
News Center
SEC Filings

Copyright © 2024 The Nielsen Company (US), LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Privacy notice | Terms of use | Do not sell or share my personal information
Limit the use of my sensitive personal information
Nielsen Marketing Cloud Privacy Statement | Integrity Helpline | Health Privacy Notice
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nielsen.com/news-center/2024/hispanic-sports-fans-record-viewership-brand-loyalty-audiences-sports-media-engagement-2024-diverse-intelligent-series-report/ 
 ----- 
