skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Happy New Year
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketAfghanistan vs Uganda highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: AFG beat UGA by 125 runs in Guyana
Afghanistan vs Uganda highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: AFG beat UGA by 125 runs in Guyana
Afghanistan vs Uganda highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Uganda skipper Brian Masaba won the toss and opted to bowl first against Rashid Khan's Afghanistan at the Providence Stadium in Guyana in the T20 World Cup on Tuesday
By: Sports Desk
Updated: June 4, 2024 18:33 IST
Follow Us
Afghanistan's Rahmanullah Gurbaz, right, plays a shot as Uganda's wicket keeper Simon Ssesazi looks on during an ICC Men's T20 World Cup cricket match at Guyana National Stadium in Providence, Guyana, Monday, June 3, 2024. AP/PTI

Afghanistan vs Uganda highlights, T20 World Cup 2024 Match Today: Fazalhaq Farooqi led the bowling attack and picked a five-wicket haul as Afghanistan beat Uganada by 125 runs at the Providence Stadium in Guyana in the T20 World Cup on Tuesday. Earlier Rahmanullah Gurbaz and Ibrahim Zadran take Afghanistan to 183/5 in the first innings against Uganda

Uganda were the second team to qualify from the ICC T20 World Cup Africa qualifiers, after Namibia and pipped the likes of Zimbabwe and Namibia to make their way to the tournament. Led by Brian Masaba, the team features Frank Nsubuga, who will be among the oldest players to feature in the competition at the age of 43.

Afghanistan on the other hand come into the tournament as dark horses, having defeated the likes of England, Pakistan and Sri Lanka at last year’s ODI World Cup in India. Globetrotting T20 spin sensation Rashid Khan will take over as skipper after Ibrahim Zadran led the side in their previous ICC tournament.

Follow AFG vs UGA highlights and updates below

Match Ended
ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024 - Match 5
Afghanistan
183/5 (20.0)
vs
Uganda
58 (16.0)
Match Ended ( Day - Match 5 )
Afghanistan beat Uganda by 125 runs
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
T20 World Cup 2024, AFG vs UGA Cricket Score highlights: Catch all the action between Afghanistan vs Uganda from Providence Stadium, Guyana
09:23 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: Fazalhaq Farooqi's 5-wicket haul help AFG beat UGA by 125 runs

That's it Rashid Khan has picked up two wickets in the end to finish the game off. Afghanistan won by 125 runs it was a comprehensive performance. Apart from the backend of their batting innings, they looked head and shoulders above everyone else and the win here is a statement to both New Zealand and West Indies. As per Uganda, they have been out skilled by a better team and they have plenty to learn today. 

09:07 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 13.4 overs Uganda 54/8

Farooqi picked up one more wicket in his previous and now he has a five-wicket haul with an over still left. Every delivery he is bowling it seems like he could pick a wicket. The Uganda batters have been not able to pick him whatsoever. In the first spell he did with swinging the ball both ways and in the second spell he mixed up his pace nicely. This will give him huge confidence going forward and it has been a sorry looking score card for Uganda. 

08:57 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: After 12.1 overs Uganda 47/6

One thing Shah and Obuya have done in the last 15-20 minutes or so is stop the fall of wickets. Yes, they are not batting at a strike rate which will take Uganda to victory with the base they are building now if they can go all guns blazing in the final overs it might give them a bit of confidence going forward. As we update Farooqi has been brought into the attack and he bowled an off-cutter Shah played an ugly swipe and missed it completely and the ball rattled the middle stump. 

08:48 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: After 10 overs Uganda 38/5

Afghanistan has brought spin into the attack. The skipper Rashid khan himself started and as of now,, there is not much of a turn on offer for both the bowlers. One noticeable thing though both the bowlers are bowling it quicker through the air rather than tossing it up and asking the batters to use their strength. Which is understandable as there is dew on the outfield. Afghanistan would like to bowl out Uganda for as low total as possible which gives them a huge NRR boost. 

08:37 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 8 overs Uganda 27/5

We have a slight delay here Omarzai seems to have a problem with his landing area at the crease. It has been quite dewy and slippery in the outfield hence the problem. The ball is skidding quicker than it does which has caused all sorts of troubles to Uganada. As per Afghanistan especially Farooqi the opening burst will give him a lot of confidence after an indifferent 50-over World Cup he had in India despite huge expectations on him from the team

08:27 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: After 6.4 overs Uganda 23/5

Apart from two overs of spin from Mujeeb this has been all pace from Afghanistan. The ball has moved for them and they making the most of it something which Uganda missed in the first innings. Uganda winning from here is a nearly impossible task from here on but what they can do is build a partnership and show some resistance batters getting some runs under the belt will give them confidence going forward in the tournament for the remainder of the games. 

08:19 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 5 overs Uganda 18/5

Naveen has come into the attack and he has picked up two more wickets. Uganda have now lost five wickets and things are looking ugly for them. Naveen unlike Farooqi has started by hitting hard lengths and his release point is farther from any bowlers Uganda would have faced one similar to Bumrah and they looked late on the ball. Afghanistan did well in picking five wickets and now they need to also close it out to get that run rate spike and make a statement in the group.

08:08 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: After 3 overs Uganda 11/3

Mujeeb took the new ball from the other end and Seszai tried to sweep him over a fine leg. This is getting quite a bit of pasting for Uganda. They need to build a partnership here instead of worrying about the runs to get. Also, one thing that has been evident in the second innings is that Farooqi is getting a lot of swing with the new ball which is what Uganda even did not attempt. Afghanistan might be dark horses in the tournament they just have the exact bowlers that will suit these conditions. 

08:02 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 1.3 overs Uganda 8/2

A double-wicket over to start for Farooqui first it was Patel who had no answer for a ball that moved back in and then Mukasa was greeted with an inswinging delivery which he missed and gave out LBW. If Afghanistan's batting innings started with a record partnership it has been a contrasting start to Uganda's innings. With those early wickets and runs to chase and the quality of Afghanistan spinners it will be tricky for them from here on. 

07:45 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: AFG 183/5 against UGA in Guyana

Well, it has been quite a comeback in the second half from Uganda. Masaba and Kyewuta have been sensational with their death bowling ability and the slowing of the surface did help their cause as well. Afghanistan would be disappointed by the way they lost their way in the final overs but with the spin threat they have they would feel they have enough for this surface. 

07:34 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 18.1 overs Afghanistan 173/4

Uganda is chipping away in the last few overs here with wickets. As often it happens in cricket after a big partnership wickets are tumbling and it has been the same case with Afghanistan now. Gulabdin's intention was right but he was holed out long on as he tried to slog one. 

07:28 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: After 17.1 overs Afghanistan 167/3

Masaba has picked up another wicket here. It is Najibullah this time who slogged one to leg-side and was caught at square leg which indicates the slowness of the surface. One thing the other batters tonight have to take note of from Gurbaz and Zadran's's partnership is that they have been ruthless with their boundary hitting also they were excellent with their running between the wickets. They found the right balance between attack and defence throughout and that is what other batters too need to do if they want to score runs on this one. 

07:20 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 15.3 overs Afghanistan 157/2

Finally, the wicket has fallen and it is Masaba who picked up the wicket. Ibrahim tried to charge down the leg-spinner to hit him into the stands missed the ball completely and ball hit the leg-stump. Much needed a wicket for Uganda. The ball is coming a bit slowly now onto the bat and batters are struggling to get their timing. As we update Ramjani picks up Gurbaz. The batter tried to play slog sweep on the leg side got the top edge and the ball went straight into the hands of the square-leg fielder. 

07:08 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: After 13.2 overs Afghanistan 139/0

We have a bit of drama here first Zadran hit one through long-on region which should have been taken there by the fielder however, he spilled the chance and Zadran tried to steal a couple but on his way back ball hit Gurbaz and he seemed to be in a bit of discomfort. If you think you have seen everything off that ball it was a no-ball from Hasan to round it off. Uganda dropping chances and with sloppy fielding are not helping themselves. 

06:58 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 11.4 overs Afghanistan 118/0

The fielding has been a bit sloppy from Uganda. They have let a few singles become doubles and balls that could have been stopped went for boundaries. Ali Shah is the sixth bowler used from Uganada which did not have much of an impact as well. There seems to be slight dew forming on the outfield as well which will be an advantage to Uganda in the second innings but the problem is Afghanistan's spinners are much more experienced bowling with the wet ball. 

06:48 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 10 overs Afghanistan 102/0

Gurbaz has now gone past his 50 what an innings it has been from the Afghan opener. He has been dismissive of seamers with his down the ground and anything that was tossed up from the spinners he danced down the track and whacked them through the long-on boundary. Ibrahim on the other hand has been playing his role as well. Uganda is looking a bit shell-shocked by the stage now playing their first World Cup game ever. Hopefully, drinks time will work for them in their favour. 

06:38 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: After 8.1 overs Afghanistan 87/0

Since Powerplay Uganda has pulled things back a bit here. They have been bowling well however, it seems like the skipper has got his field placements wrong as Afghanistan batters are now looking a little uncomfortable it seems like the ball is stopping a bit for now and Uganda needs to make full use of changing conditions and pull things back. Because of the way things are going at the moment and the Afghanistan bowling attack anything over 180 will be an uphill task for Uganda.

06:28 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: After 6.1 overs Afghanistan 66/0

Ibrahim who has been the playing second fidel so far has now taken over the aggressive role. He played lovely shots through off-side against Nakrani making it the expensive over of the powerplay. Meanwhile Gurbaz at the other end is not holding himself back. This has been an aggressive start from Afghanistan. Uganada who won the toss and opted to bowl first are now looking on the backfoot they need to pick a wicket here. 

06:18 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 3.4 overs Afghanistan 38/0

Gurbaz has gone quickly off the blocks here. The batter plays for Guyana in the Caribbean Premier League hence he might have a better understanding of the conditions. Meanwhile, Zadran is looking to take his time from the other end. Uganada from the other end has been a bit too defensive with their bowling. While there has been nothing on offer from the surface with the new ball instead of pitching the ball up and looking for swing they have pulled back lengths too quickly. 

06:08 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: After 1.1 overs Afghanistan 13/0

Ramjani has taken the new ball for Uganda and it has been an expensive over first up. Gurbaz of the second ball played a lovely lofted shot over long on to get things underway then he punched one to point to steal a single which the fielder threw with enthusiasm and the ball went for four overthrows. No signs of slowness in the wicked so far. We have to wait and see how it plays once the ball gets a tad bit older.

05:59 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: Let's go!

The Afghanistan openers are walking into the middle. The first game at this venue has been a low-scoring affair and will be interesting to see how the pitch players today. Uganda bowlers will look to make some early breakthroughs and put pressure on Afghanistan batters.

05:49 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: Pitch report

Humidity is 88 percent with all the rain that has been around. Dimensions, it is 70m on one side and 76m on the other, and downtown it’s 84m. Spinners will play a role tonight. We are on the most spin-friendly venue in the West Indies. Expect the likes of Rashid Khan to lick their lips. I think that 160 would be a good score. There will be some swing and seam for the new-ball bowlers but it’s overall a good cricket wicket, reckon Danny Morrison and Samuel Badree

05:40 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: Uganda playing XI

Simon Ssesazi, Roger Mukasa(w), Ronak Patel, Riazat Ali Shah, Dinesh Nakrani, Robinson Obuya, Alpesh Ramjani, Brian Masaba(c), Bilal Hassan, Cosmas Kyewuta, Henry Ssenyondo

05:40 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: Afghanistan playing XI

Rahmanullah Gurbaz(w), Ibrahim Zadran, Gulbadin Naib, Azmatullah Omarzai, Mohammad Nabi, Najibullah Zadran, Karim Janat, Rashid Khan(c), Mujeeb Ur Rahman, Naveen-ul-Haq, Fazalhaq Farooqi

05:39 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: Rashid Khan at toss

In T20s, you need to play a good brand of cricket. Afghanistan was there 10-12 years ago at the same stage, it's something special for them and for us as well. Afghanistan are famous for the quality spinners and we are well prepared for the conditions.

05:38 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score:Brian Masaba at toss

We will bowl first. Looks like a pitch where we are not sure what's a good score and we would like to chase. The idea is to grow cricket in the world and teams like Uganda, Papua New Guines need to be playing more cricket. We are very excited to be here. We needed to get information about the conditions and the previous game here helped us do that.

05:27 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: Brian Masaba ahead of game

"Absolutely huge game for us, our first game at a World Cup, first ever for Uganda in our history so we are very excited to get going. Obviously there's a bit of nerves but we've got to keep focused on the game, try and get the result that we need because we need to kick off the tournament in the right way with the good results. So, we're very focused on that but also very excited to get going... the whole country is super proud of what this team has achieved and they're looking forward to seeing us going out there and representing the country with pride. It's a huge responsibility for us, it's not just about the cricket anymore, but we carry a whole country's hopes on our backs."

05:25 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: Rashid Khan ahead of game

"Now we're just about focusing on one game at a time and making sure we do the right things and take the right decisions at the right time. That's something I think is going to help us. And don't think about the next round a lot. That's something which is an extra pressure I feel like to be as a player. And It's more about focusing on one game at a time, and we give 100% all the preparation we have done, the hard work we have done. We believe that. And we're making sure we back up our skills... we have those skills and talent, but it's all about making sure you take the right decision at the right time. And that's where it's going to take you to the winning side. So, we are all ready and looking forward to the competition - starts tomorrow for us."

05:22 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: Uganda probable XI

Simon Ssesazi, Roger Mukasa, Robinson Obuya, Alpesh Ramjani, Riazat Ali Shah, Dinesh Nakrani, Brian Masaba (c), Fred Achelam (wk), Frank Nsubuga, Henry Ssenyondo, Cosmas Kyewuta

05:21 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: Uganda probable XI

Simon Ssesazi, Roger Mukasa, Robinson Obuya, Alpesh Ramjani, Riazat Ali Shah, Dinesh Nakrani, Brian Masaba (c), Fred Achelam (wk), Frank Nsubuga, Henry Ssenyondo, Cosmas Kyewuta

05:14 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
AFG vs UG Live Score: Afghanistan probable XI

Rahmanullah Gurbaz, Gulbadin Naib, Ibrahim Zadran, Azmatullah Omarzai, Mohammad Ishaq, Najibullah Zadran, Mohammad Nabi, Rashid Khan (c), Noor Ahmad, Fazalhaq Farooqi, Fareed Ahmad

05:12 (IST)
04 JUN 2024
Afghanistan vs Uganda Live Score, T20 World Cup: Hola!

Hello and welcome to our live blog of Afghanistan vs Uganda from the T20 World Cup. Afghanistan the favourite to win the contest do not write off Uganda whose journey has been inspirational to qualify for the tournament. It is going to be a cracking contest and given the way groups are structured a must-win contest for both sides. Stay with us for all the live updates.

Uganda’s road to debut on the big stage – inspiration from West Indies, and a detailed roadmap

Uganda sealed their 2024 T20 World Cup qualification in November last year - pipping the likes of Zimbabwe and Kenya, known power centres in African cricket. (Photo: Uganda Cricket)

Frank Nsubuga says he and his teammates couldn’t sleep. “When we returned home, it was like we were dreaming with open eyes,” he tells The Indian Express.

The throwback is to November 2023. Such was the occasion for the Uganda cricket team, who had managed to qualify for their first-ever ICC World Cup, pipping the likes of Zimbabwe and Kenya – known power centres in African cricket.

But how did they get here? It would be wrong to consider their qualification as a fluke. Not long after they made it to the T20 World Cup, Uganda successfully defended their African T20 Cup title. It’s a competition that offers a stage to lesser-known sides in the continent, and of late, Uganda has emerged as a contender to compete at the pinnacle of the sport. But the ticket to the US and the West Indies wasn’t earned in a day. (READ MORE)

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 04-06-2024 at 05:01 IST
TAGS:
Afghanistan Cricket Team
Live Score
Rashid Khan
T20 World Cup 2024
Uganda
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
Happy New Year Wishes Live
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
CTET Answer Key
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
AAP Bathinda Urban MLA Gill Slams Party Over Fielding Padamjit In Ward No. 48 Bypoll
Punjab Adds Desi Ghee Halwa In Midday Meal’s Wednesday Menu
Promise 2025: Hailing From Same Village, Young Neha Sangwan Stomps In Vinesh Phogat’s Footsteps
India Delays UPI Payments Market Share Cap In Relief For Walmart-Backed PhonePe, Google Pay
‘Hydration, Exercise, Fibre’: Experts Share Key Mantras To Maintain Gut Health This Winter
Welfare Politics With A Liberal Dose Of Hindutva: AAP Makes No Bones About Its Poll Narrative
10 Days After Dalit Girl Dies By Suicide In Bhiwani, College Transporter’s Son Arrested
Tillotama Shome On Her Style Mantra: ‘I Will Not Punish My Body And Squeeze Into Someone’s Idea Of Fashion’
The Third Edit: Gautam Gambhir And The Melbourne Meltdown
Express View On Indian Banking System: In Good Health
January 2, 1985, Forty Years Ago: Karnataka Poll
‘Richest’ CM Chandrababu Naidu’s Draws Almost Entirely On One Asset, Mamata Records Sharpest Decline
The Idea Of Attention Need Not Be Masculine
Manmohan Singh Had A Healing Touch That Was Humbling
Express View On Biren Singh’s Apology: Sorry Isn’t Enough
Gas Price Rise And Trump’s Expected Policies
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/afghanistan-vs-uganda-live-score-t20-world-cup-2024-match-today-afg-vs-ug-latest-scorecard-updates-9370326/ 
 ----- 
