MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Giants Mailbagg, part 2: Is there hope on the horizon?
By Andrew Baggarly
Sep 9, 2023

215

Welcome to Part 2 of the Giants Mailbagg. Feel free to get caught up on Part 1, if you missed it. Or don’t. Be one of those weirdos who is perfectly happy to cold-watch the second season of a TV show. There’s enough angst to go around!

The front office and GM appear lost, dumbfounded. Why didn’t the Giants at least try to get Dansby Swanson? He would sure help right now. Instead Brandon Crawford is on the injured list and Paul DeJong is playing shortstop. Do we have any shortstop in the farm system who can play MLB-type shortstop next year? — Russell M.

Players aren’t jars of pickles you can grab off the grocery store shelf. Swanson’s wife, Mallory Pugh, is a pro soccer player with the Chicago Red Stars. So the Cubs were a natural fit for him and his family. (By the way, are you as excited as I am for the inaugural season of Bay FC?)

As for shortstops in the farm system, it’s too bad Marco Luciano got hurt because he has enough competence with the glove and more than enough ceiling with the bat to give himself at least a theoretical chance to establish himself as an everyday shortstop. There’s also Tyler Fitzgerald, whom we’ll get to shortly.

Are the Giants planning on going after free agents who would be regulars in the lineup, getting 650-700 plate appearances? Or will the current platooning system stay in effect next year? — Bruce H.

Have you looked at the list of position player free agents this winter? If not, I have some bad news for you …

As a Giants fan one of the things I have been most disappointed in with the Farhan Zaidi regime is the lack of creative trades, three-team trades, etc. I thought Farhan would be a bold wheeler/dealer, instead he seems fixated on finding the next Mike Yastrzemski. Why couldn’t they find a way to trade for Matt Olson or Sean Murphy? Instead, we’re stuck with trading for people like (AJ) Pollock. What do you attribute the lack of creative trades to? Is it just risk aversion? — Sam W.

They did try to trade for Sean Murphy. They were even willing to deal Marco Luciano. The A’s insisted on Kyle Harrison. So talks fell apart. Risk aversion is something every baseball executive has to calibrate to some extent. You can’t allow it to become crippling, which you seem to suggest is the problem here. I’m not convinced that it is. The Giants just haven’t had the pieces that other teams would want. And trades are harder to pull off than they used to be. The pandemic year also didn’t help. You couldn’t really move bodies around in 2020, and after that, teams needed a whole other year to catch up on their internal and external evaluations. This past offseason was a trade wasteland and the deadline wasn’t any better. I’m not sure if that’s cyclical or not. Are all teams evaluating players the same way, thus making it tougher to consummate deals? It’s an interesting question.

	Should the Giants have dangled Kyle Harrison for Sean Murphy? Was there a way for them to get Matt Olson? (Stan Szeto / USA Today)

I recall the Giants hiring a young GM from the Astros organization. But haven’t heard anything about him for a long while. What’s up? Did I miss something? — Pete P.

That you, Pete Putila? If you haven’t heard a lot from the other Pete P., that’s probably because his experience in player development with the Houston Astros was one of the attributes that got him the job. He’s spent most of his time away from the big-league club this season as he learns the organization and works to refine processes in scouting and player development.

Fans and media love to react to moves in the immediate aftermath of a deal (or non-deal). With some hindsight to work with, how do you evaluate the Giants not trading Madison Bumgarner at the deadline of his last season? Did that move actually enable the Giants to get Harrison? If so, isn’t he a better value than any prospect they would have received in a deadline deal? It’s not even close, and should a lot of Giants fans be eating crow on this one? — Dieter R.

Wait. How did this get in here? A positive observation about the Giants front office? I’m not sure anyone needs to eat crow, but the point is well made. We tend to think of compensatory draft picks as being overvalued. But it’s not the pick itself that is valuable. It’s the slot money associated with that pick. Although I hate to break it to you … the player the Giants took with the Bumgarner bonus pick in 2020 was Nick Swiney. And he signed for $1.2 million, which was slightly higher than his slot value of $976,700. So the Swiney pick didn’t help the Giants free up money to afford Harrison’s $2.5 million bonus demands. But getting another college left-hander in the system probably gave them a little peace of mind that they could afford to take a risk with a high-upside high school pitcher. (Also, the Will Smith compensation pick, Jimmy Glowenke, signed for well under slot. So your overarching point — that holding on to Bumgarner and Smith wasn’t a worthless strategy — is well taken.)

Given the Giants’ recent struggles in managing the rotation, how prominently do guys like (Carson) Whisenhunt, (Hayden) Birdsong and Mason (Black) factor into their plans for next year? Also, what positional prospects — Luciano, (Luis) Matos, (Heliot) Ramos, (Tyler) Fitzgerald, (Aeverson) Arteaga, (Grant) McCray, etc. do the Giants project as everyday players? — Matthew S.

The belief within the front office is that the pipeline is very strong with pitching talent and you hit on several of the names that the Giants are most excited about. It’s good to hear that Whisenhunt’s elbow issue won’t require major surgery. It’s reasonable to expect that the Giants should be at least as equipped, if not more so, to go internal to address many of their pitching needs next season.

Your second question is a lot trickier for me. Is their threshold for “everyday players” different or higher than it is for other organizations? Do they believe their position prospects are talented enough to be developed as potential everyday players? Or does every young hitter reach the big leagues to be a cog in their matchup machine? We’ve touched on this already, but I’ll state it again: the Giants won’t be on a path to be one of the league’s best teams on a consistent basis until they acquire or establish multiple everyday position players in their lineup — guys with enough talent to transcend the impulse to platoon them or pinch-hit for them based on matchups in the mid- to late-innings. I don’t know if any of the players you mentioned will qualify based on this measurement. But Matos and Luciano are just 21 so there’s still a lot of ceiling to be reached. Now that they’re on the 40-man roster, the clock is ticking, though.

	Will Mason Black factor into the Giants’ rotation soon? (Eugene Emeralds / Gary Breedlove)

For going on our third month, the Giants have the worst offense in MLB. It’s not a couple players slumping, but virtually the whole team. Last year we also had a pretty horrendous offense. When a club consistently underperforms, it’s no longer a player issue, but instead a program/coaching issue. Is it time to acknowledge the impact of Donnie Ecker’s departure? Given the salaries most of our over-compensated fielders are collecting, maybe it’s worth throwing equal money Ecker’s way, to lure him back and get us back on track. — Ca2Dc 9.

As the saying goes, managers get too much credit when the team wins and too much blame when the team loses. I’d take that sentiment and double it for hitting coaches. The current group works as hard as Ecker did. They are prepared and hold daily meetings. They’re giving hitters the right information. But they don’t stand in the batter’s box. Ecker left the Giants for a promotion in Texas. If he comes back, it’d only be for a further promotion. That wouldn’t be as the hitting coach again.

This is the worst offense in baseball since late June. At or near bottom in OPS, R, HR, OBA, hard-hit rate, Ks and on and on. The sample size is too big to call it a slump or bad luck. Yet the hitters in this lineup are underperforming against career numbers. So if it’s not purely a roster/talent issue, and it’s not bad luck, what exactly do you think has made this offense so unwatchably bad? — Jeff D.

A few things. Injuries, for one. Fatigue sure seems to be a factor. Perhaps that’s due in part to the way the Giants run games. When’s the last time Wilmer Flores could take a complete day off? Even if he doesn’t start, he’s likely to pinch hit at some point and then play a couple innings on defense. I think a lot of that attrition is showing up in the second half.

Somebody must be able to say what happened to Joc Pedersen? What happened to (Austin) Slater? (LaMonte) Wade? (Mitch) Haniger? (Michael) Conforto? (Brandon) Crawford? (J.D.) Davis? (Thairo) Estrada? Why are NONE of those players succeeding anymore? — Anonymous

Injuries. Fatigue. In Joc’s case, it’s totally in bounds to question his conditioning. When has a baseball player received such a free pass for being so obviously out of shape? It’s bad enough that he’s let himself go as a 31-year-old. It’s worse when you’re reminded that he’s also the highest-paid player on the team. What kind of message does that send? And he’s playing left field again when the Giants clearly acknowledged that his defensive liabilities gave back most of the value he created with the bat last season. They had to make that adjustment to get Flores’ hot bat in the lineup more often as the DH. Still. Teams that make tradeoffs don’t make the playoffs. (I should copyright that.)

My belief is that scuffling as a team and platooning as a strategy can be an awful combination, especially for hitters. Coming in cold, and pressing for the team, and pressing for their personal struggles, it seems like a formula for guaranteed failure to continue. When in a funk, put your best players out there, and leave them out there, and leave it up them to get the team out of its funk. Alas, not the Giants way under current management. — James V.

It’s great when it works. It’s really, really unsatisfying when it doesn’t. Although, in fairness, the Giants left Casey Schmitt out there to struggle for two months. What good did that do anybody? Maybe I’ll turn the question around. What would you want to see? More LaMonte Wade Jr. at-bats against lefties? More of Austin Slater against right-handers? I’m just not convinced the Giants would be any better if they were less matchup-based given their current personnel.

How much improvement can we expect to see from the rookies next season and will that and improved play from returning 2023 free agents be enough to lock up a playoff spot? — Erik S.

Do you think some of the younger guys (Matos, Schmitt, (Wade) Meckler, maybe Luciano) have done enough for Giants to go into the offseason believing they can start next year? Or will they be looking for more Mitch Haniger, J.D. Davis types in free agency? Would they be willing to go young and hope it works? — Gabe R.

Can the Giants’ farm system produce a homegrown hitter? Our last were (Brandon) Belt and Posey. Giants’ minor league system seems to give us .220-.250 hitters, not .280, with no homer power. — Greg G.

I’d answer Erik S. and Gabe R. with something that Greg G. mentions here. Where’s the power? There’s a pretty clear correlation between when the Giants started to promote position players in May and June and when the steady downturn in home runs began. Even Patrick Bailey, for all the ways he’s established himself as a durable good with his value behind the plate, is slugging under .400 and isn’t currently equipped to hit in or near the middle of a good major-league lineup. Perhaps the Giants weren’t expecting the rookies to do more than be athletic, play good defense, take good at-bats and keep the line moving. It would be up to Haniger, Davis, Pederson and Conforto to do the slugging. But at some point, the Giants have to develop power hitters who can do damage. Otherwise they’re just introducing nice, complementary players. And they still don’t have the horses in the middle of the lineup that everyone wants.

So yes, I do think that the Giants feel good about the 2024 contributions that they can expect from many of the players who debuted this season. But have they introduced the next championship core? That’s a bridge too far. It’s not like they introduced the quality of players that the Reds introduced this year. Or the Diamondbacks with Corbin Carroll. Or even the A’s with a player like Zack Gelof. You always have to measure yourself by what the competition is doing. And as much as the Giants’ rookies have been a feel-good subplot in an unsatisfying season, the sobering reality is that there are a lot of really, really good young players who debuted in the big leagues this year.

	Can Marco Luciano eventually be the power bat the Giants have been looking for? (Lachlan Cunningham / Getty Images)

Among the most frustrating elements of watching the Giants (and there are many), is watching how they don’t win at the margins. They have the largest coaching staff in MLB, which presumably puts them in an optimal position to get edges at the margin. However, the team does not do the small things well — run the bases, catch the ball, hit the cut-off man, throw the ball to the right base, etc. My question is what value does Gabe Kapler (and his staff) provide? While there was evidence in 2021 that the staff contributed to significant improvements for some players (Posey, Belt, Crawford, etc.), that has not been the case the past two years. I try not to let my annoyance at (what I perceive to be) Kapler’s inauthentic personality influence my opinion. I just don’t understand what he does. — Michael P.

In retrospect, the 60-game season in 2020 (or opting out of it, as Posey did) probably had a lot to do with the rebounds that those veteran players made in 2021. The Giants had difference-making offensive players in those seasons and they happened to come from players that Zaidi/Kapler inherited. With those big instruments in the room, the rest of the marginal moves worked in concert around them. Take those seasons away and it becomes a house of cards rather quickly, doesn’t it?

As to your coaching question, I do see progress in some areas. Blake Sabol might not win a Gold Glove behind the plate, but his catching skills have come a long way since spring training. And he’ll be in the system with a full set of minor-league options next year. That’s a nice, shiny win for the organization. Beyond Sabol, a whole lot of guys are trying to develop in the big leagues this season. That isn’t always pretty to watch. It’s not easy for a manager or coaching staff to balance staying behind young players and making them feel supported while also acknowledging that this is a performance-based business and a team hoping to make the playoffs can only tolerate so much lack of productivity. Actually, I’d say Kapler and his staff have handled it as well as could be expected.

With no one likely to opt out this year and the return of a lot of veterans, how do the Giants avoid a similar roster next year? Pederson and Crawford are free agents who probably won’t be back but the veterans who are coming back have not performed. Where do you think we are headed? — Phil P.

I’m not convinced that everyone is opting back in. Sean Manaea had three months of solid performance and he might prefer to go to a team that can guarantee him a starting job. Conforto is likely to get a little grace within the industry because he came back after missing a year. He’s a Scott Boras client and Boras almost never misreads the market. There are so few free-agent hitters out there that I’d wager Conforto would get someone to bite on a multiyear deal. He’ll be 31 on Opening Day next year so if he doesn’t get that deal now, there’s no guarantee he ever will. (Remember, even AJ Pollock walked away from $8 million last offseason, choosing a $5 million buyout over a $13 million player option with the White Sox.)

Do you think the Giants offer Yaz and Slater arbitration or do they let them walk in order to open up some outfield spots for the youngsters? From what I can tell they are stuck with Haniger for two more years and Conforto for one more year so unless they’re planning to run it back with the same outfield that’s the only moves I could see. — David L.

Good question. At some point they have to change the mix for next year’s roster. But there’s a lot to like about Yastrzemski and Slater if they can stay healthy. And although Yaz will be in line for $8 million or so, we’ve seen the Giants throw a lot more money at lesser players. I’d guess that both are likely to be tendered.

I realize we still have a lot of baseball to play, but can you project your 2024 opening-day lineup for us? That is in all sincerity more interesting to me than evaluating the Giants’ chances of squeaking into the expanded (bloated) playoff field. — Noah H.

Me too. But so much remains unclear. After they trade for Pete Alonso, should they hit him third or fourth?

Is there anything to the perception that when it comes to roster decisions there are “Farhan guys” and “Evans/Sabean guys”? It seems hard to believe that a pro franchise would be petty enough to prioritize an agenda like that over winning. Do we read too much into how (Joey) Bart, Ramos, Meckler, Matos and others have been treated in terms of their opportunities with the team? — Julio A.

I’ll answer a question with a question, and Daniel M. was kind enough to provide it:

Who did Heliot Ramos hurt in the Giants front office??? Even when they bring him up, he only gets scattered at-bats. I know the outfield is crowded and there isn’t even room for Matos at the moment but even when Ramos has been here, it’s just a handful of chances and then he’s back in Sacramento. — Daniel M.

Agreed. The Giants lack power. Ramos is far from a finished product, but at least he impacts the baseball. I’m confused, too. He should have received some runway by now. In his recent comments, Zaidi said that Ramos will be back with the club soon. That’s good to hear. I’m not the only person who has wondered whether there’s a bias against the players who remain from the previous administration. It’s a perception that exists on various levels within the organization, as well.

It was definitely noticed when the Giants pulled some of the championship-era decor out of the clubhouse. And the vibe got a lot edgier the weekend when Bruce Bochy returned with the Texas Rangers. I don’t think the current administration resents the success of the previous one, but I also don’t think they connect at all with the nostalgia culture that has long been central to this franchise. Obviously, none of this should have anything to do with how they evaluate players that they inherited. But they are very confident that specific skill sets translate to big-league success so it probably shouldn’t be a surprise that they’ve given more and longer opportunities to players they’ve acquired who have those skills.

Sorry if this has been asked, but why haven’t the Giants given Tyler Fitzgerald a big-league look? He has 21 home runs now. I know he’s not on the 40-man, but it seems his numbers warrant a try. — Matt O.

This is why the decision to promote Meckler really confounds me. He could have remained in their system for another three years before he’d have to be protected. But he was rushed up and wasn’t ready. Now he’s taking up a spot on their 40-man roster when they could have promoted Fitzgerald, who has to be protected on the 40-man roster after the season anyway or be subjected to the Rule 5 draft. For all the Giants’ faults, you can’t point to many instances in which they obviously mismanaged the roster. This was one of those times.

I think they were so desperate for a spark and believed so dogmatically in the translational nature of Meckler’s skill set that it compelled them to make an unforced error. Perhaps their biggest mistake was believing that the offense would rebound once the guys they were paying to hit the ball out of the ballpark started squaring up strikes again, and that Meckler could complement that. You could argue they would’ve been better served seeing if Fitzgerald’s power (and Ramos’) could play in the big leagues.

After the Bailey throw into centerfield, Meckler throwing it 10 feet over third base, the ball zooming past the pitcher backing up third, ricocheting off the dugout and rolling to Bailey at the plate who tagged the runner out by 10 feet, how would you characterize the difference between the 2023 Giants and a last place coed softball team? — Oneflpdwn

Not confident I can. But I’m guessing if Alyssa Nakken is on your coed softball team, you won’t be in last place.

Thanks for the questions and the engagement, everyone. Hope this was a cathartic experience for you. If not, maybe go push a big rock up a hill or something.

(Top photo of Patrick Bailey: Matt Slocum / Associated Press)

Andrew Baggarly is a senior writer for The Athletic and covers the San Francisco Giants. He has covered Major League Baseball for more than two decades, including the Giants since 2004 for the Oakland Tribune, San Jose Mercury News and Comcast SportsNet Bay Area. He is the author of two books that document the most successful era in franchise history: “A Band of Misfits: Tales of the 2010 San Francisco Giants” and “Giant Splash: Bondsian Blasts, World Series Parades and Other Thrilling Moments By the Bay.” Follow Andrew on Twitter @extrabaggs

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4844198/2023/09/09/san-francisco-giants-mailbag-future-moves/ 
 ----- 
