This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Notice

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
Open Main Menu Navigation
Open Search
CLOUDY ICON
50º
Go to the KPRC homepage
Sign In
Open the KPRC Click2Houston Help Desk
NEWS
WEATHER
KPRC 2+
INVESTIGATES
TRAFFIC
SPORTS
DISCOVER
HOUSTON LIFE
NEWSLETTERS

WEATHER ALERT

5 warnings in effect for 3 counties in the area
Show Breaking News Bar
SPORTS
‘Totally unnecessary’: Astros’ Dusty Baker responds to reports made about Chas McCormick’s playing time
It may or may not have something to do with banana pudding.

Ana Gonzalez, Digital Content Producer

Published: September 8, 2023 at 10:05 PM
Updated: September 9, 2023 at 8:19 PM
Tags: Astros, Houston Astros, Dusty Baker, Chas McCormick
Astros Dusty Baker and Chas McCormick (Getty Images)

Houston Astros manager Dusty Baker is responding to reports after it was reported he had issues with outfielder Chas McCormick.

In a report from “The Athletic,” multiple sources who spoke to the outlet said McCormick’s playing time has frustrated several members of the organization, stemming from reported friction between him and Baker.

However, Baker said in his daily press conference Friday ahead of the Astros’ game against the San Diego Padres that he wasn’t too happy with the report.

Astros: Dusty Baker speaks out about Chas McCormick
20.1K
Play Video

“It’s caused kind of a <expletive> out there which is unnecessary, totally unnecessary,” Baker said. “It seems like somebody had something against me, they oughta just use it against me and not use my players against me. That is so wrong.”

The report went on to discuss McCormick’s apparent weight gain and lack of playing time in several games this season. According to Baseball-Reference, stood at 208 pounds at 6-feet tall.

“As far as his weight is concerned, if I had something against it -- and you can ask him -- I wouldn’t be bringing him banana pudding once a week,” Baker said. “If I was concerned about a guy’s weight, I would not bring a guy banana pudding, or maybe I helped contribute to that.”

But as far as McCormick speaking to Baker about his playing time?

“We’re good,” the player told The Athletic. “It’s really all about winning each game from here on out.”

What do you think about Baker’s response to Chas McCormick? Tell us in the comments below.

Copyright 2023 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Ana Gonzalez

A graduate of the University of Houston-Downtown, Ana moved to H-Town from sunny southern California in 2015. In 2020, she joined the KPRC 2 digital team as an intern. Ana is a self-proclaimed coffee connoisseur, a catmom of 3, and an aquarium enthusiast. In her spare time, she's an avid video gamer and loves to travel.

email

Marketplace
Sell Your Items - Free to List
Visit Full Marketplace

Baslco Fair Isle Print High Waist Leggings,Black Multicolore...

$12

FRANK S. | sellwild.com

Decorum leather jacket

$150

BARBARA B. | sellwild.com

Powered by

FEATURED CLICK2PINS!
R D M

Tornado on Grandparkway @ Kuykendahl

 Write A Comment..
Kris

1284 hail/tornados outbreak

 Write A Comment..

Recommended Videos

CLICK2SAVE DEALS
Here's how to get fabulous items to make life around the house easier, more organized and tidy — all while saving big.
Save big on home organization and comfort with these Insider Deals
Read full article: Save big on home organization and comfort with these Insider Deals
Make 2025 the year of budget-friendly, one-stop shopping by joining Sam's Club
Make 2025 the year of budget-friendly, one-stop shopping by joining Sam’s Club
Read full article: Make 2025 the year of budget-friendly, one-stop shopping by joining Sam’s Club
BACK TO TOP

TV Listings

Email Newsletters

RSS Feeds

Contests and Rules

Contact Us

Meet the Team

Careers at KPRC

Closed Captioning / Audio Description

Public File

Current EEO Report

Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Do Not Sell My Info

FCC Applications

Cookie Preferences

FOLLOW US
Visit our YouTube page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Facebook page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Instagram page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our X page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our RSS Feed page (opens in a new tab)
GET RESULTS WITH OMNE

If you need help with the Public File, call (713) 778-4745.

At KPRC, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.

Copyright © 2025 Click2Houston.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.click2houston.com/sports/2023/09/09/totally-unnecessary-astros-dusty-baker-responds-to-reports-made-about-his-apparent-frustration-with-chas-mccormick/ 
 ----- 
