By Funmilayo Kanmodi
January 15, 2024
Nigeria receives huge player boost ahead of the must-win Ivory Coast fixture at AFCON 2023
SHARE

Following the unexpected draw in the opening fixture of Nigeria, the Super Eagles have received a huge boost in regards to players in camp ahead of the must-win fixture against the host of AFCON 2023, Ivory Coast.

According to reports the Super Eagles of Nigeria have officially received Terem Moffi of OG NIce in camp ahead of the team's next game against the hosts of the Africa Cup of Nations, Ivory Coast which is scheduled for kick off on Thursday, January 18, 2024.

Terem Moffi who had been selected as the replacement for Victor Boniface who had picked up a knock in training before the commencement of the tournament.

Moffi is expected to be part of team training for Nigeria which will take place at the Ecole Nationale de la Police today, Monday, January 15, 2024.

Kelechi Iheanacho is also expected to take part in the team training scheduled for today as well.

HOT STORIES

Lyrics

In Love With My Hand Lyrics by Speed Darlington Ft Zlatan

Lyrics

Joy Is Coming Lyrics by Fido

Lyrics

Finee Lyrics by BJ Show, Shoday & Wxze Music

Lyrics

Venus Lyrics by Faceless Music feat. Serotonin

Lyrics

Relationship Lyrics by Berri- Tiga Ft Peruzzi

READ ALSO: Uproar as Nigeria player declared unfit for AFCON 2023 resumes training at club

Is Kelechi Iheanacho back in training for Nigeria ahead of AFCON 2023?
Kelechi Iheanacho

Leicester City's frontman Kelechi Iheanacho took part in the first team training for the Super Eagles of Nigeria ahead of the all-important fixture against Ivory Coast at AFCON 2023 scheduled for Thursday, January 18, 2024.

This is a huge boost for the Super Eagles as the attacker had missed the first game amidst uncertainty about his match fitness and also his last-minute arrival to the camp in Ivory Coast.

New Alhassan Yusuf inury update
Yusuf Al-Hassan ( image credit: Flying fitness]

Following his impressive debut in his first game at AFCON 2023 and his unexpected substitution from the game due to injury, football fans can now heave a sigh of relief as Alhassan Yusuf joined the Super Eagles of Nigeria in their first-team training ahead of the must-win match against Ivory Coast after a 1-1 draw with Equatorial Guinea in the team's first match of the competition.

Yusuf in his post-match press conference after the game confirmed that there was no need for concern as he had only suffered a cramp on the pitch for the Super Eagles of Nigeria.

Catch up on all AFCON 2023 news and Get Fresh updates as they drop via Twitter and Facebook

TAGS
AFCON 2023
RELATED
Sports
Barcelona's woes continue as La Liga drops Dani Olmo from 2025 squad
Sports
7 Football activities to look out for in 2025
Sports
Premier League announces nominees for manager of the month for December 2024
Sports
Meet the nominees for December 2024 Premier League player of the year
Sports
English FA suspends Matheus Cunha for indiscipline

Entertainment for African Youth

Links
Topics
Artists A to Z
Afrobeats
Burna Boy
Davido
Wizkid
Ayra Starr
Rema
Tems
Legal
DMCA Removal
Privacy Policy
Affiliate Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Company
Contact Us
Streams on Apple and Spotify
Sitemap
Partners
Entiar
Notjustok Distro
Predict n Win
EastAfrica

Copyright © 2022, Notjustok Inc

ADVERTISEMENT
Be the first to know about Naija music and entertainment news
Yes o!
Not for me
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://notjustok.com/sports/nigeria-player-boost-ahead-of-ivory-coast-fixture-at-afcon-2023/ 
 ----- 
