Menu
Search for
 Home/Sports Care With the Caretaker/A tale of rivalry: Recalling six epic clashes between Nigeria and Cote d’Ivoire in AFCON History
AFCONSports Care With the CaretakerSuper Eagles
A tale of rivalry: Recalling six epic clashes between Nigeria and Cote d’Ivoire in AFCON History
Caretaker 
Follow on Twitter
January 17, 2024
0 2,334 1 minute read

A clash between Nigeria and Cote d’Ivoire in the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) has consistently delivered keen and interesting on-field battles plus historic moments.

Ahead of the seventh AFCON meeting between Cote d’Ivoire vs Nigeria at the 2023 edition, scheduled to take place on Thursday, January 18, 2024, SportsRation takes you through six memorable encounters between two of the Africa’s football giants:

1. 1980 AFCON: Nigeria 0-0 Cote d’Ivoire

Nigeria sought redemption for their 1968 AFCON elimination during this tense goalless draw. The Green Eagles went on to lift the AFCON trophy for the first time, dominating Morocco and Algeria in subsequent matches.

2. 1990 AFCON: Nigeria 1-0 Cote d’Ivoire

A young Rashidi Yekini’s early strike secured victory for Nigeria in the group stage, setting the stage for a journey to the final where they eventually lost to hosts Algeria.

3. 1994 AFCON: Nigeria 2-2 Cote d’Ivoire (4-2 on penalties)

A semifinal clash etched in history for its intensity and dramatic twists. Nigeria emerged victorious in a penalty shootout, showcasing resilience and nerves of steel.

4. 2006 AFCON: Nigeria 0-1 Cote d’Ivoire

Inspired by Drogba and Toure, Cote d’Ivoire secured their first AFCON victory over Nigeria in this semifinal clash, winning 1-0.

5. 2008 AFCON: Nigeria 0-1 Cote d’Ivoire

A 1-0 victory for Cote d’Ivoire in the group stage, with Salomon Kalou’s goal proving decisive. Nigeria and Cote d’Ivoire both faced subsequent disappointments in the tournament.

6. 2013 AFCON: Nigeria 2-1 Cote d’Ivoire

An iconic quarterfinal where Nigeria triumphed with goals from Emmanuel Emenike and Sunday Mba, paving the way for the Super Eagles to secure the AFCON title. That win was a fitting revenge for the Eagles having lost the last two meetings vs the Elephants in the competition.

These historic encounters underscore the rich and competitive history between Nigeria and Ivory Coast in the AFCON, with each match adding new pages to the enduring rivalry.

As the teams prepare for their latest clash in the 2023 edition, a new dimension will be added to this storied rivalry between this two West African countries.

READ ALSO: WATCH: Vincent Enyeama shares throwback video ahead of Super Eagles AFCON clash vs Ivory Coast
 Tags
Afcon 2023
Cote d'Ivoire Vs Nigeria
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
Tumblr
 
Pinterest
 
Reddit
 
Share via Email
 
Print
 Subscribe 

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

0 COMMENTS
Related Articles
Premier League 2025 Title Prediction: Liverpool to stumble, No clear favourite yet
8 hours ago
Brown Ideye says more Nigerian Players abroad want to return to NPFL
10 hours ago
Premier League Transfer News: January 2025 moves so far
10 hours ago
Recent
Popular
Comments
Premier League 2025 Title Prediction: Liverpool to stumble, No clear favourite yet
8 hours ago
How long can LeBron James continue to play top-level basketball? – The 40-year-old NBA icon shares his thoughts
9 hours ago
NBA: Pelicans Coach and Players Struggle with Tragedy in New Orleans
9 hours ago
Adekunle Gold Reacts to Manchester United’s Struggles Under Amorim
9 hours ago
Where is Gift Orban? The Nigerian Forward Set to Finalize Transfer to Hoffenheim
10 hours ago
© Copyright 2015-2024, All Rights Reserved |   SportsRation
Support Contact us About Us Partners T&C Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Vimeo
Instagram
RSS
Back to top button
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportsration.com/a-tale-of-rivalry-recalling-six-epic-clashes-between-nigeria-and-cote-divoire-in-afcon-history/ 
 ----- 
