Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.

No data found

Australia vs South Africa: Cricket World Cup semifinal – as it happened
South Africa
v
Australia
ICC MEN'S CRICKET WORLD CUP 2023
Semi Final 2
16/11/2023
VenueEden Gardens, Kolkata
212
(49.4 overs)
215-7
(47.2 overs)
Australia win by 3 wickets
South Africa
Miller 101
Starc (3-34)
Australia
Head 62
Shamsi (2-42)
By Hafsa Adil, Kevin Hand and Adam Hancock
Published On 16 Nov 2023
16 Nov 2023

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Click here to share on social media

This blog is now closed. Thanks for joining us. These were the updates from the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 semifinal between Australia and South Africa on November 16:

Read more
Live updates
Match stats
Lineups
16 Nov 2023 - 17:11 (17:11 GMT)
One game to go…

It feels like a long while since this Cricket World Cup started with England vs New Zealand in Ahmedabad.

But the competition will end at that same venue on Sunday as India take on Australia.

The hosts are unbeaten at this tournament and almost feel destined to lift the trophy, but Australia have shown their quality to shake off a couple of early defeats and fight their way to the final.

Join us on Sunday for live coverage of this showpiece ODI final.

Goodbye!

Click here to share on social media
16 Nov 2023 - 17:06 (17:06 GMT)
‘A great effort’

Australian captain Pat Cummins has been speaking to the media on the Eden Gardens field. He talked about the tension of that chase:

“I think it’s easier out there than sitting in the dugout, actually. It was a great effort and there were plenty of good performances. I’m pretty pumped.”

Australia were particularly impressive in the field today, stopping runs at every opportunity.

“We talk a lot about our fielding”, said Cummins.

“It probably wasn’t up to scratch at the start of the tournament. But the effort was showed by all today. You’ve got David Warner, 37, diving around in the field.”

He also looked ahead to Sunday’s final against the hosts.

“The good thing is a few of us have been in a final before so we can draw on that. You’ve just got to embrace it, the stadium is going to be pretty packed I would imagine.”

Click here to share on social media
16 Nov 2023 - 16:59 (16:59 GMT)
South Africa head home

Click here to share on social media
16 Nov 2023 - 16:53 (16:53 GMT)
‘It’s hard to unpack all of that’

Two wickets and 62 runs secure Travis Head Player of the Match award.

“It’s hard to unpack all of that. It was a tense finish, an amazing game, hard to unpack it all”, he said.

“We had to play a little bit differently. We knew it was going to be a grind and a battle and that’s what it was”.

Head will be tested again on Sunday when he takes on India in the World Cup final.

“They have an unbelievable attack but that’s why you play. I’d never have dreamt I’d be in a World Cup final playing an unbelievable team”, he told Michael Atherton after the match.

Click here to share on social media
16 Nov 2023 - 16:45 (16:45 GMT)
… and relax

I think everybody needs a breather after that one. It was a low-scoring game that was full of tension throughout.

Australia looked in big trouble when Smith was inexplicably caught out, but they held their nerve and got the job done.

They now move into their eighth World Cup final.

Click here to share on social media
16 Nov 2023 - 16:41 (16:41 GMT)
Australia win by three wickets!

Jansen runs in to face Cummins.

The Australian captain defends the first ball but then cuts the next delivery to the backward point boundary to win the game for his country!

That was incredibly tense, but captain Cummins has seen his country home.

Cummins and Starc celebrate [Andrew Boyers/Reuters]
Click here to share on social media
16 Nov 2023 - 16:38 (16:38 GMT)
47 overs. Australia 211-7

Markram is tasked with pulling off a miracle for South Africa. Australia can finish this with one shot.

Cummins resists from the first two balls of the over before picking up a single off the third.

Three dot balls end the over. Australia need two runs to win!

Click here to share on social media
16 Nov 2023 - 16:35 (16:35 GMT)
46 overs. Australia 210-7

Jansen returns to the attack. He hasn’t bowled since the start of this innings, and he can’t afford to give away any wides.

He throws in two short balls early on, but they are well handled by Starc.

His fourth ball is pitched up, and Starc puts it away through the leg side for four. They are almost there!

Three to win with four overs to go.

Starc hits a four [Andrew Boyers/Reuters]
Click here to share on social media
Sign up for Al Jazeera
Weekly Newsletter
The latest news from around the world. Timely. Accurate. Fair.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
16 Nov 2023 - 16:31 (16:31 GMT)
45 overs. Australia 206-7

Cummins edges behind off Markram, but de Kock can’t hold on! It was a tough opportunity, especially under this pressure.

Unbelievable drama out there.

The batsmen pick up two singles to end the over. Australia need seven to win.

Click here to share on social media
16 Nov 2023 - 16:27 (16:27 GMT)
44 overs. Australia 204-7

Coetzee returns for his eighth over. He seems to be struggling a little, perhaps with a slight injury.

But he’s still finding plenty of pace and delivers three dot balls to start the over.

A single from Cummins off the fourth ball means Australia now require just nine.

Starc tries to pull one through the leg side, but takes it on the body.

Coetzee looks spent. He’s bowled very well today.

Click here to share on social media

SOURCE: AL JAZEERA AND NEWS AGENCIES
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/liveblog/2023/11/16/live-australia-vs-south-africa-icc-cricket-world-cup-2023-semifinal-match-coverage-kolkata-india 
 ----- 
