Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Support the Guardian
Fund independent journalism with $15 per month
Support us
Sign in
Int
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Search jobs
Holidays
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Newsletters
Today's paper
Inside the Guardian
The Observer
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
Portugal
Bruno Fernandes 54
Cristiano Ronaldo 88
―
Scotland
Scott McTominay 7
―
―
Report
Min-by-min
View image in fullscreen
Cristiano Ronaldo. shows his delight after scoring the winner. Photograph: Pedro Nunes/Reuters
Nations League
 This article is more than 3 months old
Cristiano Ronaldo strikes late for Portugal to break Scotland hearts
This article is more than 3 months old
Jamie Jackson
Sun 8 Sep 2024 21.58 BST
Share
89

A stomp towards the delirious crowd followed by an impish grin and the I-remain-the-man pout of celebration: on 88 minutes Cristiano Ronaldo saluted his 901st goal after sliding home and shred the narrative of a point won bravely by Scotland. Until then, Steve Clarke appeared heading to replenish the goodwill he had been draining from the Tartan Army.

The manager may still, of course. And afterwards, Clarke, whose team were knocked out of Euro 2024 at the group stage, was careful to talk his side up. “Disappointed to lose the game especially for the players, for all the effort they put in,” he said.

“We can use these matches to try to build and the end goal as always is qualification for a tournament. It would be nice not to concede late goals but this is the level we are at because we have been a good team and managed to get to the top level of the Nations League.

“There are a lot of positives if you ignore the results but we’re professionals, so it’s disappointing. This is a level where the lessons are harsh – I talked to the players about not being too harsh on themselves.”

Clarke’s men broke the contest open via Scott McTominay and held the lead at the break. But Angus Gunn’s hands resembled plasticine when Bruno Fernandes squared the contest though the goalkeeper’s late saves from João Félix were payback, while his left and right post also kept out two other Ronaldo attempts. “I don’t speak about individuals,” said Clarke when asked about Fernandes’s finish, then did so. “Gunny had a good game.”

Portugal 2-1 Scotland: Nations League – as it happened
Read more

The bigger picture is that Clarke’s players still believe but he has to drill them to be more proactive and utilise the truism about attacking being the best form of defence. As he said: “The best way to defend is to have possession of the ball.”

The defeat means an eighth consecutive competitive international without a win – a record – something that cannot be brushed off by Clarke. This was the anniversary of Scotland’s last victory, 3-0 over Cyprus.

Having threatened via two Billy Gilmour corners from the left, the Scots’ lead came when Kenny McLean swung the ball over and McTominay headed past Diogo Costa.

It was deserved, but Roberto Martínez’s men were a continuous menace. A Fernandes-Bernardo Silva combination set up Diogo Jota who fluffed a shot. Then, twice, Rafael Leão burst down his left flank and had Gunn concerned.

Scotland were on the rack, retreating far too deep as Leão again showed when darting in and shooting and seeing Gunn, impressively, dive right and push the ball out as it headed inside the post.

View image in fullscreen
Scott McTominay heads Scotland into an early lead. Photograph: José Sena Goulão/EPA

Portugal’s blur of chances would fill a compendium but if Scotland could douse the firefly Leão they might have stemmed the flow. The wide man skated forward and squared to Jota, whose shooting boots malfunctioned once more. Leão was a one-man riot scattering Clarke’s men: when the No 17 dinked the ball to Antonio Silva the centre-back spooned over and the Scots could breathe again.

Far better was a flowing back-to-front move that beat the Portuguese squeeze near Gunn’s goal and ended in an overhit John McGinn delivery. But this did not ease the pressure because, after Gunn admired the foray, he had to bail his team out again, thwarting a Jota flying header.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Football Daily

Free daily newsletter

Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

Ronaldo, who started on the bench, surely cursed that fact as he would back himself to score from any of the spurned chances. As the first half, closed a Fernandes blast was blocked by Scott McKenna, then Leão steered wide. Martínez acted, removing João Palhina and Neto for Rúben Neves and Ronaldo, who took up his beloved No 9 berth, Jota moving to play up front on the right.

As a confirmed great of advancing years Ronaldo has entered a zone that has him grinning indulgently when missing an opening when the better option is to pass, as he did when slashing wide.

Moments later, Fernandes was on target with an equaliser Gunn flapped at and turned inadvertently home, the No 8’s left-foot finish a speculative affair from outside the area the goalkeeper should have saved.

This was a test of mental fortitude now for Clarke’s team. Could they hang on or even prosper further? They had become squashed, lacking the skill and wit to hog the ball and send Portugal back towards their territory.

When they finally did, a Gilmour run into the home area took him to the turf but Maurizio Mariani was not interested as the Italian referee correctly ruled that Neves took the ball first.

Moments later, the official was right a second time when waving away another penalty shout for handball from a Ryan Christie blast. Ronaldo’s match-winner came from a sweet Nuno Mendes cross and provokes more questions for Clarke.

Explore more on these topics
Nations League
Portugal
Scotland
match reports
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Search UK jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/article/2024/sep/08/portugal-scotland-nations-league-match-report 
 ----- 
