HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE

⁠Portugal vs Scotland Predicted lineup, betting tips, odds, injury news, H2H, telecast | UEFA Nations League 2024-25
Published at :
September 7, 2024 at 6:30 AM
Modified at :
September 7, 2024 at 6:30 AM

Novojyoti Bhattacharjee

0
0
Cristiano Ronaldo scripted history after scoring his 900th career goal in the last match.

Portugal began their tenure in the UEFA Nations League with a win against Croatia in the opening match. Goals from Diogo Dalot and record-breaker Cristiano Ronaldo were enough to secure the three points here. 

However, Roberto Martinez knows his side will have to improve to win this trophy again after a poor second half in which Croatia got the better of them. Martinez’s changes disrupted their game as they focused more on keeping the lead intact rather than scoring more. 

Meanwhile, Scotland suffered a loss in their opening group match after playing a five-goal thriller against Poland. Steve Clarke was delighted by his team’s response in the second half after coming from two goals behind to level the score 2-2. 

At one moment it looked as if the match would finish in a draw until a last-minute drama. Poland were awarded a penalty in the dying minutes after a foul from Grant Hanley. Nicola Zalewski stepped up to take the penalty and confidently slotted it past the goalkeeper to secure the win for Poland. 

Kick-Off:

Sunday, 8 September 2024 at 7:45 PM UK

Monday, 9 September 2024 at 12:15 AM IST

Location: Estádio do Sport Lisboa e Benfica

Form:

⁠Portugal (in all competitions): W-L-D-D-W

Scotland (in all competitions): D-L-D-L-L

Players to Watch
Cristiano Ronaldo (⁠Portugal)

Cristiano Ronaldo is arguably one of the greatest players to grace the footballing world with his goals and assists earning himself a legendary status among the fans. Despite turning 39 this year, he is getting better with age and registered another record to his name, becoming the first player to score 900 career goals. Ronaldo has made a few changes to his game over time with him playing more centrally now focusing on finishing chances rather than creating. 

Andrew Robertson (Scotland)

Andrew Robertson is considered among the best left-backs in the world after delivering consistent performances for his club Liverpool and national team Scotland over the years. Robertson has made over 75 appearances for the national team since breaking into the side in 2014. While he is defensively solid, it is his attacking qualities that stand out, often delivering dangerous crosses for the attackers with his wonderful left foot. 

Match Facts
Portugal defeated Croatia in their last match by 2-1
Scotland suffered a 3-2 loss against Poland in their last match
Portugal have kept two clean sheets in the last three matches
⁠Portugal vs Scotland: Betting tips and odds
Tip 1: Cristiano Ronaldo to score a goal – 11/4 with William HILL
Tip 2: Portugal to win this game – 2/9 with Sky Bet
Tip 3: Match to end with goals over 3.5 – 7/4 with Bet365
Injury & Team News

Roberto Martinez will be aiming to make some changes here. He will be sweating on the fitness of Vitinha who picked up an injury in the final minutes against Croatia. Martinez will also be hoping to give some minutes to the new players in the squad so that they catch up to the speed required at this level. 

Scotland will be without Che Adams for this match after he withdrew from the squad due to an injury. There is a possibility Vancouver Whitecaps versatile player Ryan Guald makes his first start for Scotland in this match after appearing from the bench in the last match. Steve Clarke is likely going to field the same eleven that took the field in the last match. 

Head to Head

Total Matches – 15

⁠Portugal – 8

Scotland – 4

Draws – 3

Predicted Lineup
⁠Portugal predicted lineup (4-3-3):

Costa (GK); Dalot, Dias, A. Silva, Mendes; B. Silva, Palhinha, Fernandes; Neto, Ronaldo, Leao

Scotland predicted lineup (4-2-3-1):

Gunn (GK); Ralston, Hanley, McKenna, Robertson; McLean, Gilmour; McGinn, McTominay, Christie; Dykes

Match Prediction for ⁠Portugal vs Scotland

Portugal secured a win in their last match despite looking far from convincing. However, they look assured of securing the three points with home support in their favour. We expect a similar result here with the visitors not at their defensive best after conceding three goals against Poland. 

Prediction: ⁠Portugal 3-1 Scotland

Telecast for ⁠Portugal vs Scotland

India – Sony Sports Network, SonyLIV

UK – ITVX, Premier Sports

US –  FOX Sports App, Fox Sports 2

Nigeria – SuperSport, DStv Now

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Napoli vs Venezia Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
AC Milan vs AS Roma Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Juventus vs Fiorentina Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
West Ham vs Liverpool Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Tottenham vs Wolves Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Top five managers with most FA Cup trophies
List of Mohun Bagan coaches and their performance in ISL
Top five Premier League clubs with most wins on Boxing Day
Six clubs with most Boxing Day defeats in Premier League history
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/world-football-portugal-vs-scotland-uefa-nations-league-match-preview-202409 
 ----- 
