TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Christmas
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Download Our App
Home
TV
Sport
Football
What channel is Portugal v Scotland Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What channel is Portugal v Scotland Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

Check out how to watch Portugal v Scotland in the Nations League, including TV channel, radio coverage and kick-off time.

Getty Images
Ned Holmes
Published: Friday, 6 September 2024 at 2:25 pm
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

Scotland will do battle with the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and Bernardo Silva on Sunday night as they travel to face Portugal in the Nations League.

Steve Clarke's side were promoted to the competition's top tier after winning their group in 2022, and as a result have been drawn alongside their hosts, Croatia, and Poland in Group A1.

That means the Scots will be in with a chance of reaching the Nations League finals for the first time as they look to move on from their disappointing Euro 2024 campaign, which saw them finish bottom of their group.

Watch Portugal v Scotland on ITV4

Clarke has not shied away from shuffling his pack and handed three players – Rangers youngster Connor Barron, Sassuolo defender Josh Doig and Dundee goalkeeper Jon McCracken – a first call-up as he looks to add fresh blood.

Scotland will certainly be tested on Sunday night against a Portugal team packed full of big-name stars, including Ronaldo, who made it clear he is not considering retiring from international football ahead of the international break.

More like this
What channel is Scotland v Portugal Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

RadioTimes.com has rounded up everything you need to know about how to watch Portugal v Scotland on TV and online.

Read more football features: Best players in the world | Best players of all time | Live football on TV today

When is Portugal v Scotland?

Portugal v Scotland will take place on Sunday 8th September 2024.

Check out our live football on TV guide for the latest times and information.

Portugal v Scotland kick-off time

Portugal v Scotland will kick off at 7:45pm.

What TV channel is Portugal v Scotland on?

Portugal v Scotland will be shown live on ITV4 with live coverage from 7:30pm.

How to live stream Portugal v Scotland online

You can also live stream Portugal v Scotland online via ITVX.

The streaming platform is available on a range of devices, from desktop and laptop computers to smartphones and tablets via the app.

Listen to Portugal v Scotland on radio

You can listen to the match on talkSPORT.

talkSPORT is available on DAB radio, predominantly MW 1089 kHz though you may need to check its official website for some localised frequencies for talkSPORT, and like the BBC, you can tune in via most TV packages. You can also listen to talkSPORT online via the website or app.

Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Portugal v Scotland odds

In working partnership with the Radio Times, bet365 has provided the following betting odds for this event:

bet365 odds: Portugal (2/9) Draw (9/2) Scotland (14/1)*

For all the latest football odds and more, visit bet365 today. Bet £10 & Get £30 in Free Bets for new customers at bet365.

Min deposit requirement. Free Bets are paid as Bet Credits and are available for use upon settlement of bets to value of qualifying deposit. Min odds, bet and payment method exclusions apply. Returns exclude Bet Credits stake. Time limits and T&Cs apply.

*Odds subject to change. 18+. T&Cs apply. GambleAware.org. Note – The bonus code RT365 does not change the offer amount in any way.

Check out more of our Sport coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
Ned Holmes
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is Scotland v Portugal Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Scotland v Croatia Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is Scotland v Portugal Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Scotland v Croatia Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Poland v Scotland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Croatia v Scotland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Win a trip to see The Railway Children

with Bradford City of Culture 2025. One Radio Times reader will win a wonderful trip for four to see The Railway Children. As well as tickets to the show, you will enjoy an overnight stay in a Suite at the four-star Cedar Court Hotel Bradford

ENTER NOW
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2024
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/sport/football/portugal-scotland-nations-league-2024-25-preview/ 
 ----- 
