Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
New England Patriots
Bill Belichick's "never-before-seen" play to block Dolphins FG will change the NFL

The special teams play will change the NFL, but that might not be a good thing

Patriots block Dolphins' field goalNBC
LW
Actualizado 17/09/2023 - 21:54 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Joe Burrow re-aggravates calf as Bengals fall to Ravens, who lose Odell Beckham
NFL. 49ers fan shoves Rams' Derion Kendrick to protect Deebo Samuel

The special teams unit of the New England Patriots pulled off a "never-before-seen" play to block a field goal by Miami Dolphins kicker Jason Sanders on Sunday Night Football at Gillette Stadium. Bill Belichick will get all the glory for this gem of a call.

Patriots safety Brenden Schooler was set in motion, a rarity on defense, and Kyle Duggers recovered the ball for New England on the opponent's side of midfield. The broadcast announcers were quick to mention how that play will change the NFL.

Ezekiel Elliott's reversible iced out chain has a hidden messageParker Johnson

Belichick, 71, is a defensive mastermind, but Patriots special teams coordinator Cameron Achord might also deserve some of the credit.

Cris Colinsworth, the NBC broadcast announcer, quickly mentioned how high school and college teams will be looking at that play to recreate on the field.

The special teams play will change the NFL and football at every stage moving forward, but that might not be a good thing.

JJ Watt reacts to Patriots' FG block

Retired NFL defensive end JJ Watt took to X, previously known as Twitter, to react to the blocked field goal. He believes it's going to lead to many penalties.

"About to see a whole lot of encroachment penalties when everyone starts trying to run that 'motion' on field goal block and they mistime the snap or the kicking team goes on two," Watt tweeted. "But that was extremely clever and executed to perfection."

MORE in MARCA
Bill Clint on secr...
Marca
Beyonc é and...
Marca

Watt, 34, was still impressed by the play despite warning others who might attempt it to not get carried away.

Desperate times call for desperate measures, but something that doesn't work, either. Belichick and company are struggling and currenty losing 24-10 late in the fourth quarter.

NFL - English
New England Patriots - English
Miami Dolphins - English
Bill Belichick - English
Sunday Night Football - English
NFL2023 NFL season: Full Week 1 scores & recaps of Sunday games
New England PatriotsUnraveling the enigma: Bill Belichick's insights into Matt Corral's puzzling absence from the Patriots
New England PatriotsBill Belichick's reason for not retiring despite having achieved everything with the Patriots
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Jennifer Garner's boyfriend John...
Marca
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De nieuwe Nissan Qashqai met extr...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/new-england-patriots/2023/09/18/6507b6f6ca47418b758b4576.html 
 ----- 
