International Football

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Visiting Brazil’s 1994 ‘holy site’ in Pasadena before they start the 2024 Copa America
By Jack Lang
Jun 24, 2024

2

It is only 10 in the morning and already the heat in Pasadena is somewhere in the region of ‘face-melting’.

The sea breeze that kindly buffets the waterfronts of the United States’ Pacific coast is nowhere to be felt. Here, hemmed in by hills that form a dramatic natural amphitheatre, all is still, sweaty and parched.

In the middle of it all, gracefully defiant in the sun, sits the Rose Bowl.

	(Jack Lang/The Athletic)

This stadium in Los Angeles’ northern suburbs, now 102 years young, understandably holds a beloved position in the American sporting consciousness. Five NFL Super Bowls have been played here, plus the 1999 Women’s World Cup final, Brandi Chastain and all that. It wears its history lightly — a few plaques, a couple of modest statues — but it is known as ‘America’s stadium’ for a reason.

It is not only U.S. sports fans who revere the place, however; the Rose Bowl is also on the list of Brazilian football’s holy sites.

It was here, 30 years ago next month, that Brazil sealed their fourth World Cup title, pulling away from Germany to become the most successful nation in men’s football history (both have won another since).

Close your eyes a touch and you can almost see the after images: Italy’s Roberto Baggio sending the decisive penalty into orbit; Romario smooching the Jules Rimet trophy; captain Dunga, joy untrammelled, howling into a cloudless sky. That 1994 Brazil team is not nearly as beloved as the country’s other World Cup-winning sides of 1958, 1962, 1970 or even 2002, but success always leaves an indelible mark.

	Brazil celebrate winning the 1994 World Cup at the Rose Bowl (Mark Leech/Getty Images)

This kind of nostalgia will come to the fore in two years, when the World Cup comes back to the United States, as it co-hosts with neighbours Canada and Mexico. There will be no triumphant return to the Rose Bowl — the stadium is not on the list of 11 U.S. venues — but that will not prevent Brazil from wallowing in fond memories of Pasadena. Or from aiming for a repeat of 1994.

As they prepare to get their Copa America started across LA at the SoFi Stadium against Costa Rica this evening (early Tuesday UK time), it is fair to say that Brazil have work to do if they are to make good on that target in 2026.

Halfway through this World Cup cycle, they would have hoped to have a settled team and a defined style, with perhaps a few small tweaks still needed. Instead, things are still entirely embryonic, the result of some world-class faffing from the national football federation, who hung around waiting for Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti for 12 months, got jilted, then promptly sacked the guy who had been holding the fort.

As a result, new permanent coach Dorival Junior comes into the Copa America with just four matches, all friendlies, behind him. He says he is still searching for the right balance when it comes to tactics, which is both understandable and admirably honest. There were encouraging signs in the March games against England (a 1-0 win) and Spain (3-3 draw) but pre-tournament performances this month against Mexico (3-2 win) and the U.S. (1-1) were less convincing.

Normal new-regime teething troubles? Undoubtedly, but Brazilian fans are not known for their patience once the competitive stuff begins. For Dorival, then, the next few weeks constitute a trial by fire.

It is to his credit that the mood around the camp has been positive and light. That is in part down to a generational shift: old timers such as Casemiro, Thiago Silva and Neymar are absent from this squad, replaced by youngsters with less baggage. Dorival’s personality — affable, paternalistic — has also been a factor with players and journalists alike.

Importantly, he has also talked a good game. “What I want is to provide pleasure and happiness to our public,” he said on Sunday. “I want them to feel that the team is giving everything to bring back a sense of joy.”

	(Jack Lang/The Athletic)

Those are noble objectives, and Brazil have the talent to pursue them. Vinicius Junior, Rodrygo and 17-year-old sensation Endrick are capable of lighting up the Copa America and ushering Brazil into a bright new era. Capable of propelling their country to success at the World Cup, too, if the rest of the team gets correctly set up.

But there is always another way, too. For all the stereotypes, there is only one non-negotiable when it comes to football in Brazil, and it’s not joy or beauty — a point underlined by current captain Danilo on the eve of the Costa Rica game.

“I hope we can meet expectations,” said Danilo. “Not in terms of playing beautiful football — that’s something for the press and the fans to talk about — but by winning games. We’ll play attractive football if we can. If not, we will win through determination.”

The Rose Bowl class of ’94 would heartily approve.

GO DEEPER

Endrick not rushing to be Brazil starter: 'No one needs to skip steps'

(Top photo: Mark Leech/Offside via Getty Images)

Jack Lang is a staff writer for The Athletic, covering football. Follow Jack on Twitter @jacklang

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5585880/2024/06/24/brazil-copa-america-rose-bowl-world-cup-94/ 
 ----- 
