Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Jaylen Brown Makes Bold Statement After Kings-Celtics Game
Jaylen Brown met with the media after Friday's loss.
Ben Stinar | 11 Hours Ago
Dec 23, 2024; Orlando, Florida, USA; Boston Celtics guard Jaylen Brown (7) reacts after a play against the Orlando Magic in the third quarter at Kia Center. Mandatory Credit: Nathan Ray Seebeck-Imagn Images / Nathan Ray Seebeck-Imagn Images

On Friday night, the Boston Celtics lost to the Sacramento Kings (at home) by a score of 114-97.

Jaylen Brown finished the loss with 28 points, one rebound, five assists, one steal and one block while shooting 9/19 from the field and 1/5 from the three-point range in 35 minutes of playing time.

After the game, the 2024 NBA Finals MVP met with the media (h/t CLNS Media Boston Sports Network).

Brown: "Tonight, we had some collapses... It's really no excuse, so we're gonna look at it and we're gonna figure it out. It's a long journey. I believe in this team. We've got a great group of guys, so we're gonna figure this out."

Brown is in his ninth season playing for Boston.

He is averaging 24.1 points, 5.8 rebounds, 4.7 assists and 1.3 steals per contest while shooting 46.1% from the field and 32.2% from the three-point range in 31 games.

With the loss, the Celtics dropped to 27-11 in their first 38 games, which has them as the second seed in the Eastern Conference.

They have gone just 5-5 over their last ten games.

Following the Kings, the Celtics will remain in Boston to host Dejounte Murray and the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday night.

Brown was the third pick in the 2016 NBA Draft out of Cal.

The three-time NBA All-Star has career averages of 18.9 points, 5.3 rebounds, 2.5 assists and 1.0 steals per contest while shooting 47.9% from the field 36.1% from the three-point range in 571 games.

Published 12 Hours Ago|Modified Jan 11, 2025
BEN STINAR

Ben Stinar is the NBA reporter for Fastbreak on FanNation.

Follow @BenStinar

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/nba/fastbreak/jaylen-brown-makes-bold-statement-after-kings-celtics-game-nba-news-friday 
 ----- 
