Nations League & Women's EURO
Live football scores & stats
Get
Skip to main content
UEFA.com
Home
About
National Associations
Running Competitions
Development
Sustainability
News & Media
You may be also interested in:
Match calendar
Store (national teams)
Store (clubs)
UEFA rankings
Tickets and hospitality
 
UEFA competitions
Clubs
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Europa League
UEFA Super Cup
UEFA Conference League
UEFA Youth League
Under-20 Intercontinental Cup
National
European Qualifiers
UEFA EURO 2024
UEFA Nations League
Finalissima
UEFA Under-21
Women
UEFA Women's Champions League
UEFA Women's EURO
Women's European Qualifiers
UEFA Women's Nations League
Women's Finalissima
FIFA Women's World Cup
UEFA Women's Under-19
UEFA Women's Under-17
Youth
UEFA Under-19
UEFA Under-17
UEFA Regions' Cup
Futsal
UEFA Futsal Champions League
UEFA Futsal EURO
Futsal Finalissima
UEFA Women's Futsal EURO
UEFA U-19 Futsal EURO
FIFA Futsal World Cup
Women’s Futsal European Qualifiers
 
Log in
Women's European Qualifiers
Matches
Groups
Stats
Teams
News
About
Go back
Women's European Qualifiers Matchday 3: France win in England, Spain and Germany also close in

Friday, May 31, 2024

France won away to UEFA Women's EURO holders England as Les Bleues, Spain and Germany remained perfect at halfway.

Marie-Antoinette Katoto celebrates her winner for France in England
Getty Images

France won away to UEFA Women's EURO holders England as Les Bleues, Spain and Germany remained perfect at the halfway stage of qualifying.

In most groups, Tuesday's games are the double-header returns of today's games, and France will welcome England five points clear after a 2-1 comeback win in Newcastle, as Sweden prevailed in the Republic of Ireland to catch the Lionesses.

Germany, like France, have a five-point lead as they defeated Poland 4-1 and Austria drew with Iceland. Spain ended Denmark's perfect Group A2 start as Belgium got off the mark in Czechia while the Netherlands beat Finland in Group A1 to go two points ahead of Italy and Norway.

Fixtures and results

In League B, finals hosts Switzerland, playing for promotion with qualification automatically assured, stayed perfect, as did Portugal with victory against fellow 2022 finalists Northern Ireland. Scotland, Serbia, Türkiye and Croatia got important wins in their play-off hunts while Wales drew with Ukraine.

Slovenia and Romania moved on to nine points from three League C games in their groups. Belarus, Montenegro and Albania lead the other sections.

While teams in League A compete to finish in the top two of their group and progress directly to UEFA Women's EURO 2025 in Switzerland (for which they hosts are automatically qualified) play-off berths, plus promotion and relegation ahead of the next UEFA Women's Nations League, are also at stake across the leagues.

How qualifying works
League A
Group A1

Netherlands 1-0 Finland 

The Netherlands moved two points clear at the top in Lieke Martens' last home game before her international retirement next Tuesday. Martens, winning her 159th cap, hit the crossbar on the hour in her search for a 63rd goal.

However, soon after Lineth Beerensteyn pounced following a corner to give the Netherlands the lead. Esmee Brugts found the crossbar but the 2017 European champions took the points and Martens, the Player of the Tournament in that victory, was withdrawn in added time to an ovation.

Italy became the only team in Group A1 to avoid an away defeat so far as they drew 0-0 in Norway
NTB/AFP via Getty Images

Norway 0-0 Italy


There were chances at both ends but the match ended goalless. Italy nearly won it at the end when Agnese Bonfantini sent in a shot deflected by Mathilde Harvniken on to her own crossbar.

In a tight group, this is the only one of the six results so far not to be a home win.

Next games: Tuesday
Finland vs Netherlands 
Italy vs Norway 


Group A2 

Denmark 0-2 Spain 

Women's EURO is the one UEFA female title not currently held by Spain and the world champions are within sight of Switzerland after opening up a three-point lead over Denmark, who also won their opening two games.

Jenni Hermoso headed in an Alexia Putellas corner on 17 minutes and before the half-hour mark Mariona Caldeney made it 2-0 from the penalty spot after Salma Paralluelo was fouled.

Spain celebrate Jenni Hermoso's opener
Ritzau Scanpix/AFP via Getty Images

Czechia 1-2 Belgium 

Belgium moved three points clear of Czechia and within the same distance of second-placed Denmark as they made the most of a good start in Prague. After kicking off in pouring rain, Belgium led on 12 minutes through an excellent Tessa Wullaert goal.

Two minutes later Tine De Caigny doubled the advantage. Kamila Dubcová pulled one back from the penalty spot late on.

Next games: Tuesday
Belgium vs Czechia 
Spain vs Denmark 


Group A3 

England 1-2 France

France won away to Sweden on Matchday 2 and picked up another impressive victory on their travels to move a big step closer to Switzerland. England suffered an early blow in front of 42,561 fans in Newcastle when goalkeeper Mary Earps went off injured but on the half-hour mark a Lauren Hemp cut-back fell to Beth Mead, who switched the ball to her right foot and calmly scored.

However, Élisa de Almeida levelled before half-time as she looped a shot past Earps's replacement Hannah Hampton. Midway through the second half a Marie-Antoinette hooked volley put the visitors in front and that proved enough for France to open up a five-point lead and inflict Sarina Wiegman's first competitive home defeat in charge of either England or the Netherlands.

Johanna Rytting Kaneryd after putting Sweden 1-9 up in Ireland
SPORTSFILE

Republic of Ireland 0-3 Sweden

Sweden caught England on four points with victory in Dublin. Ireland began well but just before the half-hour Kosovare Asllani set up Johanna Rytting Kaneryd to put the visitors in front.

Fridolina Rolfö curled in a second on 62 minutes and late on Rytting Kaneryd pounced on a rebound from a saved Matilda Vinberg shot to confirm victory and inflict Ireland's third group defeat.

Next games: Tuesday
Sweden vs Republic of Ireland
France vs England 


Group A4 

Germany 4-1 Poland 

The eight-time European champions and 2022 runners-up are close to booking their finals spot after opening up a five-point lead and inflicting Poland's third group defeat. However, the visitors to Rostock made a dream start when Natalia Padilla, who spent the season at Köln on loan from Bayern, scored after just 28 seconds, set up by Ewa Pajor, who was denied by Merle Frohms soon after.

On 34 minutes Wiktoria Zieniewicz headed a Klara Bühl corner into her own goal to equalise, and after a half-time reshuffle, Germany picked up the pace. Pajor did hit the crossbar just past the hour but in the last 13 minutes the home side made the pressure tell as Lea Schüller gave them the lead and then after her header was blocked, Giulia Gwinn pounced to make it 3-1 and then added another from the penalty spot following a foul on Bühl.

Lea Schüller celebrates giving Germany the lead
Getty Images

Austria 1-1 Iceland 

Austria and Iceland remain level on points after a draw decided by two penalties. The first fell to Austria, with captain Sara Puntigam converting after Lilli Purtscheller was fouled.

The home side remained on top, but with 14 minutes left Glódís Viggósdóttir levelled following an Austria handball.

Next games: Tuesday
Iceland vs Austria 
Poland vs Germany 


League B
Group B1

Friday's results
Türkiye ﻿1-0 Azerbaijan
Switzerland 2-1 Hungary 

Next games: Tuesday
Azerbaijan vs Türkiye 
Hungary vs Switzerland 

Group B2 

Friday's results
Serbia 2-1 Slovakia 
Scotland 4-1 Israel 

Next games: Tuesday
Slovakia vs Serbia 
Israel vs Scotland 

Friday's results
Malta 0-1 Bosnia and Herzegovina 
Portugal 4-0 Northern Ireland 

Next games: Tuesday
Bosnia and Herzegovina vs Malta 
Northern Ireland vs Portugal 

Group B4 

Friday's results
Kosovo 0-1 Croatia 
Wales 1-1 Ukraine 


Next games: Tuesday 
Croatia vs Kosovo 
Ukraine vs Wales 

League C
Group C1

Friday's results
Lithuania 0-3 Belarus (match cancelled, forfeit)
Cyprus 0-2 Georgia 

Next games: Tuesday
Belarus vs Lithuania 
Georgia vs Cyprus 

Group C2 

Friday's results
Slovenia 6-0 Latvia 
North Macedonia 1-1 Moldova 

Next games: Tuesday
Latvia vs Slovenia 
Moldova vs North Macedonia 

Group C3 

Friday's results
Faroe Islands 4-0 Andorra 
Greece 2-2 Montenegro 

Next games: Tuesday
Andorra vs Montenegro 
Faroe Islands vs Greece 

Group C4 

Friday's results
Romania 1-0 Bulgaria 
Armenia 2-1 Kazakhstan

Next games: Tuesday
Bulgaria vs Romania 
Kazakhstan vs Armenia 


Group C5 

Friday's result
Estonia 1-2 Albania 

Next game: Tuesday
Albania vs Luxembourg 

© 1998-2024 UEFA. All rights reserved.
Last updated: Friday, May 31, 2024
Women's European Qualifiers
Matches
Groups
Stats
Teams
News
About
ALSO VISIT
UEFA.com
UEFA Foundation
CHANGE LANGUAGE
English
Français
Deutsch
Русский
Español
Italiano
Português
 
Privacy Terms and conditions Cookie policy Cookie Settings

© 1998-2024 UEFA. All rights reserved.

Cookies

We and our third-party partners use cookies on our site to offer you a better browsing experience, analyse site traffic and serve personalised content as detailed in our Cookie Policy. If you select ‘Accept all’, you consent to our use of cookies. To change your cookie preferences or disable cookies, select ‘Cookie settings’.

Cookie settings
Reject all
Accept all
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.uefa.com/womenseuropeanqualifiers/news/028d-1b05e65ef3dc-853daeede91f-1000--women-s-european-qualifiers-matchday-3-france-win-in-engl/ 
 ----- 
