Thu, Jan 2, 2025
16°C
Support Us
e-Paper
Archive
Videos
Games
Polls
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
ARTE
Subscribe
Log In
Latest
National
World
Opinion
Fact-check
X2
Sport
Motoring
Business
Community
Entertainment
Tech
Hibernians goalkeeper Kone saves penalty as Guinea beat Nigeria in AFCON warm-up

Guinea launches AFCON 2023 commitments against Cameroon on January 15.

Sport
Football
BOV Premier League
Africa
January 8, 2024| Gianluca Lia |0
1 min read
Ibrahim Kone (standing third from left) poses with his Guinea team before the Nigeria friendly. Photo: Guinea FA

Ibrahim Kone of Hibernians starred for his nation Guinea as he saved a penalty on their way to a famous victory over African giants Nigeria.

The two teams met in their final warm-up game before this month’s Africa Cup of Nations which will be held in the Ivory Coast.

Kone, who was collecting his 16th cap for Guinea, kept Nigeria at bay when he denied Moses Simon, who plies his trade with Ligue 1’s Nantes, from the spot on the 20th minute.

More details on SportsDesk. 

Sign up to our free newsletters
Email:
Get the best updates straight to your inbox:
 Daily newsletter (the day’s top headlines, sent every morning)
 From the editors (a curated selection of stories, sent every week)

You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By subscribing, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing.

Gianluca Lia
Sports writer

Sponsored Articles
Play North® invests in The Netherlands with Dutch online casino brand: Kansino
The value of legacy: 41% of Maltese prioritise leaving an inheritance
Top tips for sports betting beginners
Msida Creek Project: Temporary traffic changes effective from January 2
Local government and the new year
A landmark year for SOFTSWISS
Take part in the conversation

To view comments, please register for free or log in to your account.

Register / Log In

Independent journalism costs money.

Support Us
Follow us:
National
World
Opinion
Fact-check
X2
Community
Sport
Motoring
Business
#TimesTalk
Entertainment
Tech
About Us
Contact Us
Send us your story
Contact us securely
Corrections Policy
Comments Policy
Support Us
Advertise
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Statement
Report a bug
Copyright © 2025 Times of Malta. All rights reserved.
Times of Malta asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 143 TCF vendor(s) and 79 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofmalta.com/article/hibernians-goalkeeper-kone-saves-penalty.1076958 
 ----- 
