SKIP TO CONTENT
SKIP TO SITE INDEX
SEARCH & SECTION NAVIGATION
SUBSCRIBE FOR $0.25/WEEK

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
African Migration to the U.S. Soars as Europe Cracks Down

Thousands of people from African nations are flying to Central America and then traveling over land to Mexico and on to the southern border.

Share full article
381
Lukeville, a border city in Arizona, is among the crossings where migrants from Africa, like these men from Mauritania, have been entering the United States, along with many thousands of other migrants.
Credit...
John Moore/Getty Images

By Miriam Jordan

Miriam Jordan, who covers immigration, reported from San Diego and Jacumba Hot Springs, Calif.

Jan. 5, 2024
Leer en español
Want to stay updated on what’s happening in Central Africa, Central America and West Africa? Sign up for Your Places: Global Update, and we’ll send our latest coverage to your inbox.

The young men from Guinea had decided it was time to leave their impoverished homeland in West Africa. But instead of seeking a new life in Europe, where so many African migrants have settled, they set out for what has become a far safer bet of late: the United States.

“Getting into the United States is certain compared to European countries, and so I came,” said Sekuba Keita, 30, who was at a migrant center in San Diego on a recent afternoon after an odyssey that took him by plane to Turkey, Colombia, El Salvador and Nicaragua, then by land to the Mexico-U.S. border.

Mr. Keita, who spoke in French, was at a cellphone charging station at the center among dozens more Africans, from Angola, Mauritania, Senegal and elsewhere, who had made the same calculus.

While migrants from African nations still represent a small share of the people crossing the southern border, their numbers have been surging, as smuggling networks in the Americas open new markets and capitalize on intensifying anti-immigrant sentiment in some corners of Europe.

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

Historically, the number of migrants from Africa’s 54 countries has been so low that U.S. authorities classified them as “other,” a category that has grown exponentially, driven recently, officials say, by fast-rising numbers from the continent.

Image
As they wait in Lukeville to be transported from the southern border, migrants from Senegal pray at sunset.
Credit...
John Moore/Getty Images

Subscribe to The Times to read as many articles as you like.

Miriam Jordan reports from a grass roots perspective on immigrants and their impact on the demographics, society and economy of the United States. More about Miriam Jordan

A version of this article appears in print on Jan. 8, 2024, Section A, Page 10 of the New York edition with the headline: U.S. Records Big Increase In Migration From Africa. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
See more on: European Union, President Joe Biden
READ 381 COMMENTS
Share full article
381

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
Site Index
Site Information Navigation
© 2025 The New York Times Company
NYTCoContact UsAccessibilityWork with usAdvertiseT Brand StudioYour Ad ChoicesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptions

Enjoy unlimited access to all of The Times.

See subscription options

We’ve updated our terms

We encourage you to review our updated Terms of Sale, Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy. By continuing, you agree to the updated Terms listed here.

Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/05/us/africa-migrants-us-border.html 
 ----- 
