Menu
Search for
 Home/Super Eagles/Nigeria’s Super Eagles gear up for AFCON 2023 with Guinea friendly
9ja FlavourAFCONSuper Eagles
Nigeria’s Super Eagles gear up for AFCON 2023 with Guinea friendly
Caretaker 
Follow on Twitter
January 4, 2024
0 2,050 1 minute read

As part of their preparations for the upcoming AFCON 2023, Nigeria’s Super Eagles are set to face off against Syli National of Guinea in a friendly game scheduled for Monday, 8 January 2024.

Originally slated to play two friendly matches against Burkina Faso and Cape Verde, the Eagles had to readjust their plans after the cancellation of these fixtures.

Guinea, facing a challenging group at this year’s AFCON against Cameroon, Gambia, and champions Senegal, presents a formidable test for the Nigerian team.

In Group A of the AFCON, the Super Eagles will contend with Côte d’Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea, and Guinea-Bissau.

Currently, a squad of 22 players is undergoing training at the Eagles’ camp in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates (UAE).

Victor Osimhen is expected to join the team on Thursday morning, while William Troost-Ekong is set to link up with his colleagues on Thursday night.

The friendly match against Guinea will serve as a crucial opportunity for the Super Eagles to fine-tune their strategies and evaluate their squad ahead of the prestigious continental tournament.

The Nigerian team aims to make a strong impact in AFCON 2023, and these preparatory matches play a vital role in achieving their goals.

 Tags
AFCON
Nigeria vs Guinea
Super Eagles
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
Tumblr
 
Pinterest
 
Reddit
 
Share via Email
 
Print
 Subscribe 

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

0 COMMENTS
Related Articles
Premier League 2025 Title Prediction: Liverpool to stumble, No clear favourite yet
6 hours ago
Brown Ideye says more Nigerian Players abroad want to return to NPFL
8 hours ago
Premier League Transfer News: January 2025 moves so far
8 hours ago
Recent
Popular
Comments
Premier League 2025 Title Prediction: Liverpool to stumble, No clear favourite yet
6 hours ago
How long can LeBron James continue to play top-level basketball? – The 40-year-old NBA icon shares his thoughts
7 hours ago
NBA: Pelicans Coach and Players Struggle with Tragedy in New Orleans
7 hours ago
Adekunle Gold Reacts to Manchester United’s Struggles Under Amorim
7 hours ago
Where is Gift Orban? The Nigerian Forward Set to Finalize Transfer to Hoffenheim
7 hours ago
© Copyright 2015-2024, All Rights Reserved |   SportsRation
Support Contact us About Us Partners T&C Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Vimeo
Instagram
RSS
Back to top button
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportsration.com/nigerias-super-eagles-gear-up-for-afcon-2023-with-guinea-friendly/ 
 ----- 
