Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
News
'Absolute Dream' Barcelona Signing 'unrealistic' As Real Madrid In Better Position For Elite Striker
‘Absolute dream’ Barcelona signing ‘unrealistic’ as Real Madrid in better position for elite striker
Ciaran McCarthy
18 Oct 2024 9:34 PM

Erling Haaland has more chance of heading to Real Madrid than Barcelona

Erling Haaland is the ‘absolute dream’ for Barcelona, but the signing is said to be ‘unrealistic’ for multiple reasons, and Real Madrid ‘would have better chances’ at getting him.

Haaland is likely the dream signing of many on the world’s biggest clubs. He’s scored essentially a goal a game at Manchester City, having passed 100 appearances, after doing the same with Borussia Dortmund, where he played 89 times.

Transfer Talk: Could Trent leave for...
Robins: I'm forever grateful for...
Why did Man Utd fan Littler do a Drogba...
Merson: Arsenal need to break the bank...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
What is your team's manager looking for...
Ange: I hope Spurs and Solanke 'put on...
Debates, wind-ups, zorb footie! | Carra...
Ange: Spurs 'working hard' to make...
Silva admits Man City can't win the...
The Verdict: Arsenal 'not feeling the...
'It'll be very difficult!' | Can Man...
<
>

He has been linked with a move to La Liga at times, and journalist Patrick Berger states he would like to do so at some point.

Indeed, he states Haaland is a ‘big Spain fan’ who vacations and trains in Marbella often, and he ‘dreams’ of playing in La Liga at some point.

What’s more, he is the ‘dream transfer’ for Barcelona president Joan Laporta.

But the reporter states there are ‘several reasons’ why a move to the La Liga giants is ‘unrealistic’ at the moment.

Instead, it’s stated rivals Real Madrid would have ‘better chances’ than Barca in the future as a result.

Ad

READ MORE: The six Man City stars who could quit alongside Guardiola in 2025 as ‘exit’ rumours gather pace

Haaland leaving no time soon

But how far into the future that will have to be is unclear. Haaland’s agent has left the door open to a transfer to La Liga at some point, but TEAMtalk understands City have ruled out a possible exit any time soon.

Even if Pep Guardiola leaves at the end of his contract in 2025, sources state Haaland won’t necessarily follow.

And if he does, it would take a world-record fee for the Norwegian to be sold by the Etihad outfit.

Real will be unlikely to spend that soon given they already have an elite striker in Kylian Mbappe on the books, and Barcelona simply could not afford to splash big cash.

Barcelona round-up: Ins and outs likely

Barcelona have joined rivals Real Madrid in another transfer race, for Trent Alexander-Arnold. But Real are very well informed on his movements, and seem to have top spot in that race.

Content continues below

Ad

Barca have also identified Jonathan Tah, Alphonso Davies and Reinildo Mandava as potential additions to the side.

They could lose Frenkie de Jong at some point, amid constant interest from Manchester United.

It’s stated Erik ten Hag is ‘desperate’ to improve his midfield, and wants his former Ajax pupil to be his next important midfield addition, after he added Manuel Ugarte to the squad in the summer.

Question 1
Aurelien Tchouameni joined Real Madrid in July 2022. Did Eduardo Camavinga join before or after?
use 
hint
Before
After

Real Madrid
Barcelona
Erling Haaland
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Samuel Bannister
14 hours ago
Real Madrid to submit ‘official offer’ to Trent Alexander-Arnold within DAYS as Florentino Perez gets green light

Real Madrid have decided their next step in the quest to sign Alexander-Arnold after Liverpool knocked back their first approach

Liverpool
Real Madrid
Samuel Bannister
17 hours ago
Real Madrid plot first-of-a-kind transfer swoop for defender lighting up Premier League

Real Madrid have set their sights on a defender with good knowledge of the Spanish game and could offer a Premier League side a quick profit

Bournemouth
Real Madrid
Samuel Bannister
18 hours ago
Arne Slot gives one Liverpool guarantee on Trent Alexander-Arnold as Real Madrid raise stakes for immediate transfer

Slot has spoken about Alexander-Arnold for the first time since Madrid's approach and amid fresh claims they're now willing to pay more

Liverpool
Real Madrid
James Holland
22 hours ago
Alexander-Arnold gives Liverpool two demands to sign bumper new contract and reject Real Madrid

Trent Alexander-Arnold has named the terms he wants from Liverpool in order to extend his contract and snub Real Madrid, as per an insider

Liverpool
Real Madrid
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
02 Jan 2025
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Newcastle target €50m Inter Milan star as possible Guimaraes replacement identified
10 hours ago
Conte eyes £30m Chelsea man as Blues lay out January transfer terms
20 hours ago
Chelsea
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
02 Jan 2025
Newcastle United
Pundits
Man Utd legend urges captaincy change, with ‘resilient’ man deserving of Bruno Fernandes’ title
10 hours ago
Manchester United
INEOS a ‘disgrace’ for creating ‘toxic’ Man Utd environment, with Ratcliffe labelled ‘economically tone-deaf’
12 hours ago
Manchester United
Carragher compares Amorim at Man Utd to Potter at Chelsea – but backs Ten Hag difference to prevent sack
19 hours ago
1
Manchester United
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/news/absolute-dream-barcelona-signing-unrealistic-real-madrid-better-position-elite-striker 
 ----- 
