Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Bath
Beno Obano: ‘Blending Into The Background Is Not My Style. It’s Hard To When Every Time You Watch TNT Sport Your Face Pops Up From The Final’
Beno Obano: ‘Blending into the background is not my style. It’s hard to when every time you watch TNT Sport your face pops up from the final’
Alex Spink
18 Oct 2024 5:36 PM
1

Beno Obano could have hid after his red card in the Premiership final but instead he bought the brightest pair of boots.

When Beno Obano was sent off in the biggest club rugby match of his life he could have run away and hid. Instead he bought the brightest pair of boots on the market.

Bath had lost the chance to become English champions for the first time this century, hamstrung by the England prop’s 22nd-minute red card. To add insult to injury the ban that came with it cost him his Test jersey.

Obano will argue until the cows come home that his high tackle did not merit a dismissal. So you can imagine what he made of his four-game suspension.

Orange is the new black

Nonetheless, he was never going to back himself into a hedge, Homer Simpson style. Here he is, four months on, playing out of his skin in a pair of orange boots you can see from the Moon.

“I’ll tell you a story about them,” says the 29-year-old, whose two tries at Gloucester last week set the tone for Bath’s biggest-ever win in that most fiercely contested of fixtures.

“I wore them first two games of the season. Then against Bristol I switched to the black ones I wore in the final. We lost and I hurt my toe. So it’s back to orange. I’m not touching those black boots ever again.”

In truth he doesn’t want to talk about the red card, but those boots are so bright, such a statement, so impossible to miss, that some sort of explanation is needed.

“I guess blending into the background is not my style,” he begins. “I feel I’m quite an honest and confident person. And it’s hard to go into the shadows when every time you watch TNT Sport your face pops up from the final!

Ad

“That (final) is in the past. There’s nothing I can do about that now. We’ve all grieved and been sad about it. Now it’s time to perform and create some new memories.

“Time is a healer. It wasn’t so much, get away and not think about it. You process it and think what you might have done differently. If there’s not that much you just have to accept it’s not an ideal situation and move forward.”

‘He has hit him in the chin’ – England prop Beno Obano sees red after nasty high shot in Premiership final

Being twice as good

Obano is into his stride now. “It’s all good and well saying ‘I don’t think that should have been a red’, cos I don’t,” he adds. “It’s all good and well getting on your high horse and beating your chest. But that is gone, bruv. What you going to do about it, Beno?

“All you can do is make sure you’re not in that situation again. Be even better. It’s something I’ve always thought from a young age. I think it’s being a young black boy, particularly.

“It always felt, or at least you’ve always been told from a young age, that you have to be twice as good to get half as far. So it’s just one of things. It’s happened. You just have to be better, Beno.

Ad

“No-one cares. There’s no excuses to be made. Whether you agree with it our not that’s what happened, so just be better from now on. Be as good as you can possibly be’. That’s what I’m trying to do.”

Obano is a breath of fresh air, a man whose zest for life is infectious. Even when Johann van Graan, Bath’s director of rugby, subbed him off at Kingsholm, denying him a possible hat-trick, he could not get angry.

“Johann promised to leave me on the next time I score two,” said the Londoner. “I was like, ‘I’m really not sure when that will be!’ It doesn’t happen every week.”

You can tell Van Graan likes Obano, who is a cousin to Maro Itoje, by the way he smiles as the loose-head, sitting beside him in a midweek media session, talks to the room.

“Beno is one of our most important players and a class human being,” says the South African, who has turned water to wine during his time at the Rec.

“The way he has responded [to the red card] has been ultra-professional. He hasn’t said a word, he’s made no excuses. Instead he’s done something himself in terms of dropping his [tackle] height in contact.”

England squad winners and losers: Steve Borthwick’s ‘confusing’ snub as ‘ever-classy’ back makes sensational return

“Hunger across the board”

It was not enough to earn him an England recall this week, having sat out the summer tour to Japan and New Zealand where Fin Baxter, who he just so happens to play against this weekend, emerged strongly.

But he is undoubtedly repaying any debt he might feel he owed Bath from Twickenham; their 100 per cent record in the set-piece at Gloucester confirming them as serious title contenders.

“There’s a hunger across the board to really achieve things this season,” says Obano. “Everything we learned from last year we’ve put into this year.

“We’ve grown closer as a group because of all the memories we’ve made. And there’s not been much change in the squad. All those things together are helping us really go after this season.”

READ MORE: Steve Borthwick details context behind snub of in-form Premiership star who plays in ‘competitive arena’

Ad
Will 2024/25 finally be Bath's season?
Yes
No

Bath
Beno Obano
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Adam Kyriacou
25 Oct 2024
Beno Obano reaches significant Bath milestone on Premiership weekend shorn of England stars

The Premiership reaches Round Six this weekend with some standout games on the schedule, including Saracens hosting Leicester Tigers on Saturday.

Louis Chapman Coombe
16 Oct 2024
England squad winners and losers: Steve Borthwick’s ‘confusing’ snub as ‘ever-classy’ back makes sensational return

Here are our winners and losers from the England squad announcement.

Planet Rugby
12 Oct 2024
England omission sends message to Steve Borthwick as Bath put 55 points on Gloucester

Beno Obano scored two tries while Finn Russell claimed an 18-point haul as Bath came from behind to beat Gloucester 55-31 in the Premiership.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
31
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Leicester Fainga’anuku reveals ‘preference’ for Top 14 over Super Rugby as All Blacks powerhouse opens up on New Zealand return
10 hours ago
France dealt ANOTHER injury setback ahead of the Six Nations
12 hours ago
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
15 hours ago
6
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
16 hours ago
4
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
17 hours ago
3
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
16 hours ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/beno-obano-blending-into-the-background-is-not-my-style-its-hard-to-when-every-time-you-watch-tnt-sport-your-face-pops-up-from-the-final 
 ----- 
