Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Brewers' Pat Murphy Takes Hard Stance On Future Of Recently Called Up Reliever
Milwaukee has roster decisions to make
Stephen Mottram | Sep 4, 2024
Sep 2, 2024; Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA; Milwaukee Brewers manager Pat Murphy makes a pitching change in the sixth inning against the St. Louis Cardinals at American Family Field. Mandatory Credit: Benny Sieu-Imagn Images / Benny Sieu-Imagn Images
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers

The Milwaukee Brewers have a top-two bullpen in Major League Baseball, but one hurler's recent struggles raised questions about his immediate future with the group.

The Brew Crew were neck-and-neck with the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night entering the 12th inning, until right-hander Elvis Peguero entered the game and allowed three runs. The 27-year-old was called up from Triple-A Nashville earlier that day, and his performance had many wondering if he'd remain with the major league club.

"I think we're evaluating everything," Murphy told reporters when asked if Peguero would be optioned back to Nashville on Tuesday night. "We're evaluating everything. Tonight's outing is an indication of, hey, how far has he come? What's he done? It was a tough spot to be put in on the first day back. It won't be his last outing. He'll get another chance."

Even after the blowup, Peguero has a 3.12 ERA with a 45-to-25 strikeout-to-walk ratio, .259 batting average against and a 1.49 WHIP in 49 innings across 50 games this season.

The 27-year-old was not to blame for Tuesday night's loss as the offense struggled mightily, only logging one hit after the fifth inning.

Peguero will rightfully have at least one more chance in the majors, as his one outing isn't a benchmark for his value to the team. Hopefully, the righty will get another opportunity to pitch at a less critical point in a game.

More MLB: MLB Insider Outlines What Should Be Brewers' Biggest Priority In September

Published Sep 4, 2024
STEPHEN MOTTRAM

Stephen Mottram joined "Milwaukee Brewers On SI" to bring some fun and thoughtful coverage to the site. The young writer graduated from Merrimack College with a degree in Communication and Media and has been a rising writer in the program. Follow him on Twitter: @smottram24

Follow smottram24

Home
/
News Feed
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 2024 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/brewers/news-feed/brewers-pat-murphy-takes-hard-stance-on-future-of-recently-called-up-reliever-steve1 
 ----- 
