Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to sidebar
Skip to footer
Free Premium Trial: Download our app >>
Home
Games
Picks
P
Premium Feature
Premium
Menu
Click to go to homepage
Get the App
0
Click to open picks slideout menu
MLB No Runs First Inning (NRFI) Odds & Picks: Wednesday (9/4)
by Lawrence Rupp
|
Sep 4, 2024

The 2024 MLB season continues with all 30 teams in action on Wednesday. A few thrilling divisional battles are scheduled as the Cleveland Guardians visit the Kansas City Royals and the Milwaukee Brewers host the St. Louis Cardinals.

Sports bettors wanting to get in on the action without sweating through an entire nine-inning showdown can turn to MLB No Runs First Inning (NRFI) tickets for a quick result. Here's a look at MLB NRFI options that jump out when comparing odds on this week's hump day.

MLB NRFI/YRFI Cheat Sheet - Team View
MLB NRFI/YRFI Cheat Sheet - Matchup View
MLB Prop Bet Cheat Sheet
MLB Consensus Odds

Join our new MLB Betting Group to share bets and compete in leaderboards >>

Wednesday's Best MLB No Runs First Inning (NRFI) Picks

(Odds courtesy of FanDuel Sportsbook)

Pittsburgh Pirates (+160) at Chicago Cubs (-190)

Starting Pitchers: Domingo German vs. Shota Imanaga

The trends are too hard to ignore. An NRFI wager has cashed in 45 of the Pirates’ 70 away games (64.3%) and 43 of the Cubs’ 67 home games (64.2%). The first inning has also finished scoreless in seven of the 12 matchups between these foes this campaign. The fact the Pirates and Cubs both rank in the top half of the league in first-inning ERA and the bottom half in first-inning runs scored per contest is icing on the cake.

Left-hander Shota Imanaga draws the nod for the Cubs on Wednesday. The Japan native has exited the opening frame unscathed in nine of his last 11 starts and has logged an impressive 0.96 WHIP in 13 outings at Wrigley Field. It’s worth mentioning Imanaga fired seven shutout innings in his only previous clash with the Pirates on May 18. Facing a subpar offense he has picked apart before works in his favor.

That leaves the result of this pick down to journeyman Domingo German. The 32-year-old has been reliable outside of PNC Park, posting a 2.40 ERA across 15 innings. Limiting hard contact will be crucial against a powerful Cubs lineup. Well, German has been tagged for an average exit velocity of 32.7% so far, which is notably below the MLB average of 38.8%. Root for him to induce a few lazy ground balls or flyouts.

Bet: NRFI (Odds Not Posted Yet)

Philadelphia Phillies (-126) at Toronto Blue Jays (+108)

Starting Pitchers: Cristopher Sanchez vs. Bowden Francis

One of the best concepts about baseball is that the slate is wiped clean every day. The Phillies and Blue Jays combined for 19 runs on 34 hits at Rogers Centre on Tuesday night. However, there’s a lot to like about the chances of pitching prevailing in the closing contest of this interleague series. That’s because Philadelphia’s Cristopher Sanchez (9-9, 3.49 ERA) and Toronto’s Bowden Francis (8-3, 3.66 ERA) will be on the mound.

Francis has been a revelation for manager John Schneider’s club. The rookie was named the American League pitcher of the month for August thanks to a standout 1.05 ERA and 0.41 WHIP recorded over five starts (4-1 record). Shutting down Philly will be no easy task, but Francis has tallied 17 strikeouts and surrendered just two knocks in his last 15 innings of work. Bettors would be smart to continue riding that momentum.

Playing alongside the likes of Zack Wheeler and Aaron Nola has allowed Sanchez to remain under the radar. The nasty southpaw possesses a changeup that downright embarrasses those at the plate and he has ridden it to a stellar 1.73 first-inning ERA (26 starts). Toronto checks in 25th with a .671 OPS against left-handed pitching this year. It’s a weakness Sanchez should have no trouble exploiting right away.

Bet: NRFI (-122)

Make sure to check out our other best bets for Wednesday:

NFL Prop Bet Cheat Sheet
WNBA Odds, Picks & Predictions
MLB Home Run Prop Bet Odds & Picks
MLB Sleeper Picks Player Predictions

Bet Feed
FanDuel
Featured
MLB
NRFI
Picks
Prop Bets
Rate This Article:
Tail
Fade
YouTube
57.7K
Follow
More Articles
Vikings vs. Rams NFL Playoffs Wild Card Round PrizePicks Predictions (2025)
1 hour ago
Vikings vs. Rams NFL Playoffs Wild Card Round Player Prop Bets (2025)
1 hour ago
Rams vs. Vikings NFL Picks & Player Prop Bets (Wild Card Weekend)
15 hours ago
NHL Player Prop Bet Odds, Picks & Projections: Sunday (1/12)
17 hours ago
NBA First Basket Scorer Odds & Picks: Sunday (1/12)
18 hours ago
Daily Juice Podcast: NFL Wild Card Picks for Sunday (1/12)
19 hours ago
NFL Home
Odds
Picks
Matchups
Tools
Research
Articles
Teams
Leaderboards
Rankings
NBA Home
Odds
Picks
Matchups
Tools
Research
Articles
Teams
Leaderboards
NCAAF Home
Odds
Picks
Matchups
Tools
Leaderboards
Articles
Teams
Podcast
Rankings
Careers
Product Updates
Get Involved
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Third Party Licenses
Do Not Sell
Accessibility
Disclosures
© Copyright 2025 BettingPros.com®
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
The content of this website is intended to be used for entertainment purposes only.
Please be aware of and respect the laws regarding sports betting for your jurisdiction.
We are not affiliated, associated, authorized, endorsed by, or in any way officially connected with the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, PGA, UFC, WNBA, or any other league or team. Any names, logos, or images are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them
Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bettingpros.com/articles/mlb-no-runs-first-inning-nrfi-odds-picks-wednesday-9-4/ 
 ----- 
