SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC
Search the ABC
Start typing for suggestions, press enter to search, or choose from a list of options below.
Loading
More from ABC
International Development
Home
Projects
Research
More
Commentators Make History

Sally Eeles

Posted 29 Nov 2023
29 Nov 2023
, updated 29 Nov 2023
29 Nov 2023
Finau Vulivuli and Cynthia Seda commentating at the Pacific Games.
Share
In a groundbreaking move, two women commentators have made history at the Pacific Games in Honiara, becoming the first all-female duo to call football matches live on air in the Solomon Islands.

Cynthia Seda from the Solomons and Fiji's Finau Vulivuli partnered in calling women's soccer games on the 18th and 24th of November 2023, on radio for the Solomon Islands Broadcasting Corporation (SIBC).

"That's progress," said Johnson Honimae, CEO of SIBC.

"This is a great change, and the Pacific Games is going to really move that change way ahead."

"I think a lot of people are accepting of the fact that for example, football – or soccer as we call it – is not a male sport anymore."

"Whether in commentary or on the field playing, I believe it is most important that we all support women taking part," said Cynthia.

"It really is my dream that more women and girls come into commentary."

Finau hopes to influence and develop female sports commentary in the Pacific.

"My hope is that our voices, across the Solomon Islands or the Pacific, epitomizes new opportunities, possibilities and empower young women to pursue their dreams, even in a traditionally male dominated area," she explained.

"This is more than just about commentating the Pacific Games, it's also about challenging societal norms, encouraging inclusivity, and inspiring positive change. It signals and calls for a step forward, towards a more equitable and diverse representation in sports media, in our beloved Pacific region."

Cynthia, a broadcaster and journalist at SIBC, and Finau, a former Fiji football player and FIFA referee, crossed paths earlier this year in Brisbane, Australia, during a training CAMP (Commentary and Mobile Journalism Program) specifically designed for women from across the Indo-Pacific.

ABCID's Commentary and Mobile Journalism Program (CAMP) participants in Brisbane. 

The program was led by ABC International Development and supported by the Oceanic Football Confederation, FIFA, and Australia's Office of Sport and the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade.

The duo honed their commentary skills through non-broadcast sessions during FIFA Women's World Cup matches.

The Pacific Games marked their first-ever live on-air commentary experience.

"This is my very first experience doing live commentary for my people on my home ground," said Cynthia.

"It's a historic occasion… it's significant to me, and it's incredibly exciting. I couldn't be prouder or happier at this moment."

Finau said the opportunity had been a blessing.

"As a commentator, I have the honour of not only calling the games and sharing my knowledge, insights and analysis, but also capturing and conveying the vibrant atmosphere, the unique stories of athletes and participants, and the cultural richness that makes the Pacific Games a unique event."

Cynthia Seda commentating at the Pacific Games

Cynthia has also been providing live reports from swimming and taekwondo and has commentated basketball and volleyball at the Pacific Games. Finau has been covering the swimming and athletics. However, for both women, football remains their passion.

Their trainer, respected ABC commentator Peter Longman is thrilled with how far they've come. "It has been amazing seeing Cynthia and Finau become frontline sports commentators at the Pacific Games in such a short time,' said Peter.

"I am incredibly proud to see them work together… they have both worked hard to reach the skill level they are at now."

Both women have relished the opportunity to collaborate and feel their skills complement each other's.

They are now hoping to make an impact, beyond the games.

"I will leave this event feeling content and encouraged, knowing that we have made an imprint that will foster positive change, not just in the Solomon Islands but also around the Pacific," said Finau.

"What I really want is to go into commentary, just any opportunity that I can grab. I know that with more training I can be as good as anyone doing commentary for football or any other games," Cynthia concluded.

Posted 29 Nov 2023
29 Nov 2023
, updated 29 Nov 2023
29 Nov 2023
Share
Back to top
More from International Development
She Shoots Pacific: supporting the next generation of visual storytellers
After taking a leap of faith, Nikki is living her dream as a basketball commentator
PERSPECTIVE
India’s new generation of commentators find fraternity in Delhi
The Media Education for Development and Information Access (MEDIA) platform
Pacific journalists find common ground at rural Australian newspapers
Footer
ABC
International Development

ABC International Development works with communication partners and organisations to connect them with communities and empower people to have a voice on issues affecting their lives. For more information on our work, please contact us

More from ABC

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn and work.

SECTIONS
HOME
PROJECTS
RESEARCH
ABOUT
CONTACT
CONNECT WITH ABC INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
FACEBOOK
YOUTUBE
SOUNDCLOUD
Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/abc-international-development/commentators-make-history/103167974 
 ----- 
