Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Baz closes book on 2024 season with strong final start
Share
Baz closes book on 2024 season with strong final start
September 29th, 2024

Adam Berry

@adamdberry
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

BOSTON -- After holding the Red Sox to two runs over six innings in the Rays’ 7-2 win Saturday afternoon at Fenway Park, Shane Baz can look back with quite a bit of pride on what he accomplished this season.

Perhaps more importantly, the 25-year-old right-hander can finally look forward to an offseason that won’t be defined by rehab work and a season that shouldn’t be limited by injuries.

Baz had plenty of help as the Rays improved to 80-81, giving them a chance to finish the season with a .500 record. After scoring 18 total runs over their last nine games, the Rays broke out for seven. Junior Caminero had three hits, including a two-run blast over the Green Monster. Josh Lowe had another timely hit, a two-run single in the Rays’ four-run fifth.

But Baz handled the heavy lifting in Tampa Bay’s penultimate game of the season, allowing only three hits and a walk while striking out seven as he breezed through six innings on 86 pitches. Now, he can head into a mercifully normal offseason on a positive note, having put together a 4-1 record and a 2.09 ERA over his final seven starts.

“I think I still have a lot that I can work on and improve on, but yeah, I can't complain,” Baz said after his third straight quality start. “I feel like I was able to pull my weight and throw every five days and give us a chance a lot of the time, so I was happy with it.”

Baz’s career hasn’t progressed in any sort of linear fashion since he sped through the upper Minors to debut for the Rays three years ago. He had arthroscopic surgery on his right elbow during the following Spring Training, made six starts for Tampa Bay that summer then underwent Tommy John surgery on Sept. 28, 2022.

Related
Rays avoid arbitration with 4 players; Walls headed to hearing

3:49 AM UTC

Rays finalize extension with Rasmussen: 'He's a dominant pitcher, period'

January 8th, 2025

Rays state preference to be back at Trop for start of 2026 season

January 7th, 2025

'The door is still open': Rays find plenty to play for in final week

September 22nd, 2024

Baz dazzles in career-best scoreless outing

August 21st, 2024

8 key players on Deadline sellers

August 7th, 2024

He spent all of 2023 working his way back to the mound, a process that spanned two offseasons -- “Not fun,” he said -- and limited his workload this year. He spent nearly two months building up his stamina in Triple-A, then finally rejoined the Rays on July 5.

Since then, Baz has capitalized on the opportunity to be a mainstay in the rotation and delivered the type of performance you’d expect from a former top prospect of his caliber. In 14 big league outings, the hard-throwing starter recorded a 3.06 ERA and a 1.06 WHIP with 69 strikeouts in 79 1/3 innings.

“Very encouraged with the way he finished,” manager Kevin Cash said.

Baz said he’s looking forward to having time in the offseason to focus on adding strength and refining his arsenal. Pitching coach Kyle Snyder recently noted that Baz, who shut down Boston’s lineup with mostly fastballs and curveballs, will work on his slider and changeup over the winter.

But Snyder raved about the “steady progress” Baz has made since his return and how effectively he’s pitched. And just getting to this point is an accomplishment not lost on Baz.

“He worked really hard to get back to this, being the starting pitcher that he's capable of. Certainly hiccups along the way, but felt like he mentally overcame them and he's put together a run of some really impressive starts,” Cash said before the game. “Like the way that he's going to be able to head into the offseason feeling good about the results he's gotten, the workload he's gotten, and should be pretty limit-free come next year.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Baz’s outing continued an impressive run for Tampa Bay’s starters, who have allowed three earned runs or fewer in 21 consecutive games, the longest single-season streak since a 25-gamer from May 2-13, 2019.

Reliever Kevin Kelly continued an equally impressive run after Baz left the mound, pitching a clean seventh to extend his scoreless streak to 24 1/3 innings, the longest active mark in the Majors and the third-longest run in franchise history.

Perhaps it was fitting that, in a game started by Baz, right-hander Drew Rasmussen handled the final two innings. Having come back from his own elbow procedure this summer, he eased back into the mix as a two-inning reliever and posted a 2.83 ERA in 28 2/3 innings over 16 outings.

The Rays must decide this offseason whether Rasmussen will return to the rotation or stay in the bullpen. But either way, Cash said, “He’s got a chance to really help us out” next season.

“It wasn't perfect tonight, but you just look back over where I've been over the last 18 months or so, and I'm truly just blessed to have the opportunity to be back playing on the field,” Rasmussen said. “Pretty good year, and we're excited about things moving forward.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Tampa Bay Rays
Shane Baz

Senior Reporter Adam Berry covers the Rays for MLB.com and covered the Pirates from 2015-21.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/shane-baz-gets-win-vs-red-sox-in-final-2024-start 
 ----- 
