MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Crawford allows big league-high 34th homer, 16th loss, Rays beat Red Sox 7-2
Updated Sep. 28, 2024 8:26 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

BOSTON (AP) — Kutter Crawford allowed his major league-high 34th home run, a go-ahead drive by Junior Caminero, and took his big league-worst 16th loss when the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Boston Red Sox 7-2 Saturday.

“Command was off today. He didn’t have feel for the four-seamer,” Red Sox manager Alex Cora said. “So, a lot of cutters. He’s very efficient if he attacks the zone. Today he was erratic.”

Caminero had three RBIs for the Rays (80-81), who with a series sweep would avoid their first losing season since 2017. Caminero and Brandon Lowe had three hits each.

“I felt good,” Caminero said through a translator. “Go out there, play my game that I know how to pay. Things are working out for me right now. And just being consistent, that’s the key for me.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Shane Baz (4-3) won his third straight start, allowing two runs and three hits in six innings with seven strikeouts, one walk, two hit batters and a run-scoring wild pitch.

“Very encouraged with the way he finished it,” Rays manager Kevin Cash said. “He looked good today. Limited damage. Did a nice job of being super efficient, even with the home run in the first inning. The swings and misses that they took, the efficiency. I think you respect the fact that he’s got nasty stuff. Guys don’t want to get deep in an at- bat with him, and that works in his favor if he’s throwing strikes like he was.”

Crawford (9-16) gave up six runs, five hits and four walks in 4 1/3 innings with six strikeouts, finishing with a 4.36 ERA. His 33 starts tied for the major league lead.

“Not very good,” Crawford said. “Didn’t have a whole lot of feel for the fastball, so I had to use the cutter a lot, but overall, just not a very good outing.”

Tristan Casas’ 13th homer put Boston ahead in the first.

Travel Oregon This Wint...
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Round After Rou...
YETI|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

Caminero gave the Rays a 2-1 lead with a two-run homer in the third off Crawford (9-16) following Yandy Díaz’s walk,

Tampa Bay opened a 6-1 lead in the fifth on consecutive one-out singles by Díaz, Brandon Lowe, Caminero and Jonathan Arando, the last two driving in runs. Josh Lowe hit a two-run single off Greg Weissert.

Red Sox center fielder Jarren Duran doubled up Josh Lowe at first base in the fourth on Jose Siri’s flyout. Durran began the day with 11 assists, tied for the major league lead among outfielders.

Boston finished 8-7 this year in its yellow City Connect uniforms, a tribute to Patriots Day weekend and the Boston Marathon. The Red Sox are 20-10 in the yellow jerseys since the start of 2023.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Rays: INF José Caballero, who was hit on the side of his lower left leg by a pitch in the seventh inning of Friday’s game, was out of the starting lineup. Caballero, who entered Saturday leading the American League with 44 stolen bases, underwent an X-ray, which was negative.

UP NEXT

Rays RHP Ryan Pepiot (8-7, 3.64 ERA) starts Sunday’s season finale. RHP Quinn Priester, a 24-year-old acquired from Pittsburgh at the trade deadline for infielder/outfielder Nick Yorke, likely will make his Red Sox debut. Taken 18th overall in the 2019 amateur draft, Priester was 1-1 with a 5.40 ERA in nine starts at Worcester and 4-2 with a 4.38 ERA overall in 16 Triple-A starts this year.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Justin Verlander joining Giants on $15 million deal for his 20th season
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Giants sign Justin Verlander
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Tampa Bay Rays
Major League Baseball
Boston Red Sox
Kutter Crawford
Brandon Lowe
Boston Red Sox
Tampa Bay Rays
MLB - Tampa Bay Rays vs. Boston Red Sox - 09/28/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/crawford-allows-big-leaguehigh-34th-homer-16th-loss-rays-beat-red-sox-72 
 ----- 
