Press Herald
Central Maine
Sun Journal
Times Record
Weekly Newspapers
Offcanvas Menu Open
Press Herald
Subscribe
-
$2.50/week
REGISTERJoin Craig Grossi, author and Marine Corps veteran, in conversation with Maine Voices Live
Maine weather, local news & community coverage. Subscribe to find out what's in store for 2025.
Boston Red Sox
Sports
Red Sox miss out on chance to finish season with winning record

Boston drops to 80-81 after a second straight loss to Tampa Bay, 7-2, and now needs a win Sunday to end with a .500 record.

Posted September 28, 2024
Associated Press
2 min read
Gift article
Share
Print

Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Kutter Crawford reacts after giving up an RBI single to Tampa Bay’s Junior Caminero in the fifth inning Saturday in Boston. Michael Dwyer/Associated Press

BOSTON — Kutter Crawford allowed his major league-high 34th home run – a go-ahead drive by Junior Caminero – and took his big league-worst 16th loss when the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Boston Red Sox 7-2 Saturday.

“Command was off today. He didn’t have feel for the four-seamer,” Red Sox Manager Alex Cora said. “So, a lot of cutters. He’s very efficient if he attacks the zone. Today he was erratic.”

Caminero had three RBI for the Rays (80-81), who with a series sweep would avoid their first losing season since 2017. Caminero and Brandon Lowe had three hits each.

“I felt good,” Caminero said through a translator. “Go out there, play my game that I know how to pay. Things are working out for me right now. And just being consistent, that’s the key for me.

Dave Dyer's annual concessions column is up
Explore More

Shane Baz (4-3) won his third straight start, allowing two runs and three hits in six innings with seven strikeouts, one walk, two hit batters and a run-scoring wild pitch.

“Very encouraged with the way he finished it,” Rays Manager Kevin Cash said. “He looked good today. Limited damage. Did a nice job of being super efficient, even with the home run in the first inning. The swings and misses that they took, the efficiency. I think you respect the fact that he’s got nasty stuff. Guys don’t want to get deep in an at-bat with him, and that works in his favor if he’s throwing strikes like he was.”

Advertisement

Crawford (9-16) gave up six runs, five hits and four walks in 4 1/3 innings, with six strikeouts, finishing with a 4.36 ERA. His 33 starts tied for the major league lead.

“Not very good,” Crawford said. “Didn’t have a whole lot of feel for the fastball, so I had to use the cutter a lot, but overall, just not a very good outing.”

Tristan Casas’ 13th homer put Boston (80-81) ahead in the first inning.

Caminero gave the Rays a 2-1 lead with a two-run homer in the third, following Yandy Díaz’s walk,

Tampa Bay opened a 4-1 lead in the fifth on consecutive one-out singles by Díaz, Brandon Lowe, Caminero and Jonathan Aranda, the last two driving in runs. Josh Lowe hit a two-run single off Greg Weissert.

Red Sox center fielder Jarren Duran doubled up Josh Lowe at first base in the fourth on Jose Siri’s flyout. Duran began the day with 12 assists, tied for the major league lead among outfielders.

Boston finished 8-7 this year in its yellow City Connect uniforms, a tribute to Patriots Day weekend and the Boston Marathon. The Red Sox are 20-10 in the yellow jerseys since the start of 2023.

 

 Copy the Story Link
UP NEXT

WHO: Tampa Bay Rays (Pepiot 8-7) at Boston Red Sox (TBD)

WHEN: 3:05 p.m. Sunday

TELEVISION: NESN

Join the Conversation

Please sign into your Press Herald account to participate in conversations below. If you do not have an account, you can register or subscribe. Questions? Please see our FAQs.

Send questions/comments to the editors.

« PREVIOUS

NEXT »

RELATED STORIES
BOSTON RED SOX
Did trades, free-agent signings fix Red Sox’s No. 1 issue?
BOSTON RED SOX
Walker Buehler guaranteed $21.05 million from Red Sox
BOSTON RED SOX
Here is a look at some bullpen options for the Red Sox
SPORTS
Patriots, Red Sox still reeling from loss of generational talents
BOSTON RED SOX
Walker Buehler hopes to prove himself in the Red Sox
LATEST ARTICLES
VARSITY MAINE
Cheverus/Yarmouth blanks Scarborough to stay undefeated
BOSTON BRUINS
Lightning send Bruins to sixth straight loss
BUSINESS
Unity company to take over Rockland railroad
VARSITY MAINE
Mt. Ararat girls basketball soaring in A South despite difficult schedule
NATION & WORLD
Appeals court allows release of Trump Jan. 6 special counsel report
MOST READ STORIES
Portland Architectural Salvage slated to close this winter
Flu surging in Maine; COVID-19 prevalence also ‘very high’
Windham man sentenced to 15 years for child porn, abuse
Portland attorney killed by car in Old Port was a loving father, husband
Cafe Louis in South Portland will close after 4 years in business
CONTACT US
About Us
Staff Directory
Send a Story Tip
Letters to the editor
FAQs
SUBSCRIBERS
Subscribe
Subscriber Resources
Subscriber Benefits
Home Delivery Help
Manage Account
Pay my Bill
Access ePaper
Newsletters & Alerts
Mobile Apps
Press Herald Events
Photo Store
Gifts and Merchandise
CONNECT WITH US
Email Newsletters
Facebook
Linked In
Instagram
ADVERTISE
Contact Advertising
Media Kit
Help Wanted Ads
Place an Obituary
PRESS HERALD EVENTS
Like A Boss
Maine Voices Live
Business Series
Newsroom Live
Source Maine Sustainability Awards
NETWORK
Work Here
Centralmaine.com
Sunjournal.com
Timesrecord.com
The Forecasters
Mainely Media Weeklies
Varsity Maine
Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Commenting Terms Public Notices Photo Store Merch Store Archive Search
© 2025 | All Rights Reserved | Press Herald
Some areas of this page may shift around if you resize the browser window. Be sure to check heading and document order.
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pressherald.com/2024/09/28/red-sox-miss-out-on-chance-to-finish-season-with-winning-record/ 
 ----- 
