Skip to content
48°
Phoenix, AZ
Arizona News
Watch Live
Weather
Video
Traffic
20 Weather Alerts In Effect
Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar
D-backs president Hall blasts Chase Field lease extension proposal
Chase Field lease negotiations between Maricopa County and the Arizona Diamondbacks are getting more testy as president Derrick Hall blasts the latest offer.
By David Baker
Published: Sep. 19, 2024 at 11:53 PM UTC|Updated: Sep. 20, 2024 at 5:04 PM UTC

PHOENIX (AZFamily) — Tensions are rising between county officials and the Arizona Diamondbacks in the continuing saga for a Chase Field lease extension.

D-backs president and CEO Derrick Hall went on a local radio station and blasted the latest proposal, a 50-year lease that would force the franchise to pay $150 million in stadium upgrades without public funding.

“It was definitely the offer, the counterproposal, which is in my words, ridiculous,” he said in a radio interview with Bickley and Marotta on Arizona’s Sports on Thursday. “Here they are asking us to sign a 50-year extension without any public funding at the time — which we’re trying to seek through tax recollection, which is very realistic — and still asking us nonetheless to not even pursue mixed-use, which we have said all along we need with restaurant, hotel, retail around the ballpark.”

On Tuesday, Maricopa County Board of Supervisors Chairman Jack Sellers sent a letter to Hall, proposing a 50-year deal that would start when the current lease ends, which is 2027.

It would allow the Diamondbacks to terminate the lease as long as they gave three years’ notice starting in 2032.

The county’s proposal would require the franchise to be responsible for Chase Field’s maintenance and commit to paying $150 million in the first ten years and pay $250,000 each year to cover administration costs.

The deal would also allow the county and the team to collaborate on developing land near the stadium.

Hall says they should be able to build shops and restaurants near the stadium with the county’s approval.

“They say they won’t allow us to even talk about that opportunity and ‘unlock’ that opportunity and possibility until we’ve put nearly $200 million into the ballpark. Again, they’re not even putting a penny,” Hall said in the interview.

Maricopa County and D-backs officials have been verbally battling for years over Chase Field and who should pay for the maintenance and upgrades.

The stadium was built in 1998 and has shown its age as one of the oldest in the National League.

The roof at Chase Field is broken and can only open and close when fans aren’t inside the stadium.

Last month, complaints about the stadium’s air conditioning, or lack thereof, made national headlines.

At issue is that the D-backs would like a method of recovering tax revenue like the Arizona Cardinals have done in Glendale.

The team sued the county over Chase Field in 2017.  A judge ordered the case to arbitration, and in 2018, the two sides came together on a new memorandum of understanding. The deal directs $2 million of the team’s $2.25 million in annual rent and fees into a reserve account to be used for stadium maintenance.

“In our 2018 memorandum of agreement (MOU), the Team was granted full control over the Stadium which allowed for the generation of revenues from non-baseball events to be used for maintaining the structure,” Sellers said in the letter. “The current MOU places the responsibility of maintaining the structure squarely on the Team. Reports of falling concrete and excessive heat are an indication that the party responsible for the structure may not be taking the steps necessary to maintain a safe and friendly environment.”

The county didn’t respond to Hall’s comments but is hopeful a deal can be made.

“We remain optimistic that a mutually beneficial agreement can be reached that serves the interests of all stakeholders—the team, the fans, and the taxpayers,” Maricopa County spokesman Fields Moseley said in an emailed statement. “We believe our recent offer is fair, balancing the flexibility the Diamondbacks have said they need while requiring necessary investment in Chase Field.”

He added that the county’s goal is to keep the Diamondbacks playing baseball in downtown Phoenix “for decades to come.”

Considering the November election is less than two months away, the D-backs could make this a ballot issue. Voters will decide on all five seats on the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors.

See a spelling or grammatical error in our story? Please click here to report it.

Do you have a photo or video of a breaking news story? Send it to us here with a brief description.

Copyright 2024 KTVK/KPHO. All rights reserved.

19-year-old woman escapes naked after ‘friends’ kidnap, attack and rob her, police say
AZ Family
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly by Searching Address (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup|SPONSORED
Police investigate double shooting in west Phoenix
AZ Family
2 brothers dead, teen in coma after family shot on vacation in Mexico
AZ Family
Here's What a 1-Day Shower Upgrade Should Cost You In 2025
Homebuddy
|
Sponsored
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
|
Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV Is A True Head Turner (You'll Love Th...
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Cinnamon: Could be the great est enemy of blood sugar?...
Better Health News
|
Sponsored
Click Here
Empty Cruises Departing From Iowa That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
|
Sponsored
Learn More
No more frequent finger pricks to test blood sugar！
sherum
|
Sponsored
Finally Legal: It's like a Vaccine for Chronic Joint & Back Pain
Natures Healing Relief
|
Sponsored
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simpl...
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds...
Arthrozene
|
Sponsored
Learn More
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surp...
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
New Hyundai's On Sale
SearchTopics | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Latest News

NEWS

New Maricopa County officials plan to reshape elections, sports
Updated: Jan. 7, 2025 at 1:00 AM UTC|
The New Maricopa County Board of Supervisors was sworn in on Monday and they have an ambitious agenda for sports teams, the election system, and public safety.

POLITICS

 County officials have new plan for Phoenix-area sports, elections
Updated: Jan. 6, 2025 at 8:09 PM UTC|
By Kylee Cruz and AZFamily Digital News Staff
The new Maricopa County Board of Supervisors have an ambitious plan to reshape sports, public safety and the election system in the Valley.

D-BACKS

Corbin Burnes and Arizona Diamondbacks agree to $210 million, 6-year deal, AP source says
Updated: Dec. 28, 2024 at 2:00 PM UTC|
By The Associated Press
Corbin Burnes and the Arizona Diamondbacks have agreed to a $210 million, six-year contract, a person familiar with the negotiations told The Associated Press.

D-BACKS

 Texas Rangers agree with former D-backs DH Joc Pederson on contract, AP source says
Updated: Dec. 23, 2024 at 6:47 PM UTC|
By The Associated Press and AZFamily Digital News Staff
Pederson rebounded from a sub-par 2023 season with San Francisco to hit a career-best .275 with 23 homers and 64 RBIs last season with Arizona.

D-BACKS

 Christian Walker agrees to $60 million, 3-year contract with Astros, AP source says
Updated: Dec. 21, 2024 at 1:21 AM UTC|
By Ronald Blum
It appears Gold Glove first baseman Christian Walker will be heading to Houston, reportedly agreeing to a three-year, $60 million contract.
Latest News

PHOENIX

 Are the D-backs doing enough to maintain Chase Field? What documents show
Updated: Dec. 6, 2024 at 12:23 AM UTC|
By Jason Barry
The Diamondbacks are bringing in money from non-baseball events at Chase Field, but is the team using the cash to help pay for maintenance like it's supposed to?

SPORTS

 Suns, Diamondbacks offer discounts for Black Friday
Updated: Nov. 29, 2024 at 4:13 PM UTC|
By Mitchell Koch
The Phoenix Suns, Valley Suns and Arizona Diamondbacks are all offering deep discounts to see games this season, as well as merchandise deals and discounts on other events.

NEWS

Phoenix Suns offer Black Friday deals to see marquee matchups
Updated: Nov. 29, 2024 at 3:48 PM UTC|
If you’re searching for the perfect gift for the Valley sports fan in your life, look no further.

SPORTS

 MLB to test automated strike zone during spring training
Updated: Nov. 22, 2024 at 5:08 AM UTC|
By Michael Raimondi and The Associated Press
The MLB will test robot umpires as part of a challenge system during spring training, which could lead to regular-season use in 2026.

D-BACKS

 D-backs part ways with pitching coach, 2 others after missing playoffs
Updated: Oct. 4, 2024 at 6:04 PM UTC|
By The Associated Press
The Arizona Diamondbacks are shaking up their coaching staff after falling just short of the playoffs.

D-BACKS

 D-backs playoff hopes dashed as Mets lose second game in doubleheader
Updated: Sep. 30, 2024 at 11:09 PM UTC|
By The Associated Press and AZFamily Digital News Staff
The D-backs won't be heading to the postseason.
Arizona News
Advertise With Us
About Us
Contact Us
Weather
Programming Schedule
Meet the Team
Careers
Arizona's Family
5555 N. 7th Ave
Phoenix, AZ 85013
(602) 207-3333
KPHO Public Inspection File
KPHO EEO Report
KTVK Public Inspection File
KTVK EEO Report
FCC Applications
programming@azfamily.com | 602-207-3333
Closed Captioning/Audio Description
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Advertising
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
Digital Marketing
At Gray, our journalists report, write, edit and produce the news content that informs the communities we serve. Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence.
A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.azfamily.com/2024/09/19/d-backs-president-hall-blasts-chase-field-lease-extension-proposal/ 
 ----- 
