Skip to main content
WBUR
LISTEN LIVE
DONATE

ADVERTISEMENT

Advertisements on wbur.org help support the news. Please consider a donation today!
Home
/
Local Coverage
Red Sox honor radio voice Joe Castiglione who is retiring after 42 years
September 30, 2024
Ken Powtak, The Associated Press
Joe Castiglione, left, radio voice of the Boston Red Sox since 1983, throws out a ceremonial first pitch during pregame ceremonies for Castiglione, before the Tampa Bay Rays played the Red Sox in a baseball game, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024, in Boston. (Steven Senne/AP)

The Boston Red Sox honored longtime radio voice Joe Castiglione, who called his final game Sunday, with an on-field pregame ceremony.

The 77-year-old Castiglione, who was honored by the Baseball Hall of Fame this summer with the Ford C. Frick Award, has been the team’s lead radio voice since 1983.

During the ceremony, the team played highlights of his calls over videos of the American League championship team in 1986, and Boston’s World Series title teams in 2004, ’07, ’13 and ’18 on the center-field scoreboard.

Members of those teams came onto the field during the ceremony. Hall of Famer Jim Rice highlighted the ’86 group and Hall of Famer Pedro Martinez was one of the ’04 former players.

Joe Castiglione, left, hugs Red Sox pitching great Pedro Martinez, center, as Red Sox chairman Tom Werner, right, looks on during pregame ceremonies. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

Castiglione referred to his call ending the ’04 championship that broke an 86-year title drought, when he thanked the fans. It came on a ground ball back to pitcher Keith Foulke, who was also there to represent that team.

“I will miss being your eyes and ears,” he said. “For 42 years, all I can say is: Can you believe it!”

Asked how he felt making the call of his final out — a liner to center by Tampa Bay's Richie Palacios that ended a 3-1 victory by the Red Sox, Castiglione said: “I was sort of numb. It sort of felt like the ninth inning in St. Louis in ‘04. ... It still really hasn’t set in, probably won't until next spring.”

Before the top of the eighth, the team ran a montage of his calls over highlights shown on the center-field scoreboard. When it was over, the entire Red Sox dugout emptied, with players, coaches and manager Alex Cora stepping onto the field, looking up and applauding toward him in the booth behind home plate.

Legend on the mic. 🎙️ pic.twitter.com/AdjlT31FPf

— Red Sox (@RedSox) September 29, 2024

“I had some moments, especially when Alex brought the players out,” Castiglione said.

Jackie Bradley, the 2018 ALCS MVP, caught a ceremonial first pitch from Castiglione.

WBUR is a nonprofit news organization. Our coverage relies on your financial support. If you value articles like the one you're reading right now, give today.

“Forty-two years is a long, long time for someone to be working every single day to go through the struggles and the successes, the travel and the lifestyle, and always have a smile,” Martinez said. “Those are the kind of people that deserve all the respect that we are giving him today.”

Boston Mayor Michelle Wu handed him a proclamation declaring Sept. 29, 2024, as “Joe Castiglione Day” in Boston. Team President Sam Kennedy presented him with letters from Fenway Park’s infamous Green Monster that read: “CASTIG” in white with a green background color of the Monster.

Cora, a member of the ’07 team, was also on the field and Chief Baseball Officer Craig Breslow, representing the ’13 squad, was on the field as well.

Castiglione signed off like he does each season, reading part of A. Bartlett Giamatti's “The Green Fields of the Mind.”

Joe Castiglione's final call as the Red Sox radio announcer ❤️

To hear the whole half inning, check out the NESN Youtube page pic.twitter.com/HuCI4NQ8IV

— NESN (@NESN) September 29, 2024

Thanks for exploring this story. While you’re here, I’d like to talk to you about the future of local journalism and WBUR. 

I’ve been working in Boston radio and TV for over 40 years. When I first started, nearly a dozen Boston radio and TV stations each had a robust local news staff covering the important stories of our region.

Over the years, most of those newsrooms have faded away, and the availability of quality journalism has receded.  

Fortunately, WBUR continues to bring you strong local news and stories each and every day. But our future is not guaranteed. That’s why we need your help more than ever.  

Please hit one of the buttons below and kick in a dollar figure that makes sense for you. 




And as always, thanks for supporting WBUR.

Steve Brown
News Anchor, WBUR
MAKE A GIFT
INCREASE GIFT
Related:
Essay: A fond farewell to Joe Castiglione, captain of the Red Sox Radio Network
Meet the newest baseball hall-of-famer: Red Sox announcer Joe Castiglione
Red Sox radio broadcaster Joe Castiglione announces retirement after 42 seasons
'Baseball is a radio game': Joe Castiglione on being behind the mic since 1983

ADVERTISEMENT

Advertisements on wbur.org help support the news. Please consider a donation today!
More from WBUR

ADVERTISEMENT

Advertisements on wbur.org help support the news. Please consider a donation today!
Resume
LISTEN LIVE
All Things Considered
Contact Us
(617) 353-0909
info@wbur.org
890 Commonwealth Ave.
Boston, MA 02215
More ways to get in touch.
About WBUR
Who We Are
Inside WBUR
Diversity, Equity And Inclusion
Board Of Directors
Community Advisory Board
CPB Transparency
Careers
WBUR Staff
Ethics Guide
Licensing WBUR Content
Support WBUR
Volunteer
Member Services
Become A Member
Donate Your Car
Join The Murrow Society
Become A Sponsor
Make A Donation
Follow
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Linkedin
Subscribe to our weekday newsletter

Add WBUR to your morning routine

Boston local news in one concise, fun and informative email. Explore more WBUR newsletters.
© Copyright WBUR 2025
WBUR Privacy Policy
Syndication
FCC Applications
FCC Public File
WBUR EEO Reports
Public File Assistance
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wbur.org/news/2024/09/30/red-sox-honor-joe-castiglione-retirement 
 ----- 
