Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Campbell named MiLB Hitter, Breakout Player of the Year
Share
Campbell named MiLB Hitter, Breakout Player of the Year
October 1st, 2024

Jim Callis

@JimCallisMLB
Share
;

11 SECONDS REMAINING

Kristian Campbell flew under the radar for so long.

Campbell was one of the better position players in Georgia's 2021 high school class, but questions about his power dissuaded pro teams from trying to sign him. At Georgia Tech, the coaching staff believed he'd be better off redshirting than playing in his first year. Even after he batted .376/.484/.549 as a redshirt freshman in 2023, he didn't really tap into his pop or speed and lasted 132 picks until the Red Sox drafted him in the supplemental fourth round.

More on the MiLB Awards Show:

All award winners
Hitting Prospect of the Year
Pitching Prospect of the Year
Prospect Team of the Year
Alt Identity of the Year

Even after slashing .309/.440/.471 in his 22-game pro debut, Campbell didn't crack anyone's preseason Red Sox prospect lists.

But Campbell is anonymous no longer. After a stunning first full pro season, he won MLB Pipeline Hitting Prospect of the Year and MiLB Breakout Player of the Year honors during the second annual MiLB Awards Show on Monday evening. Currently ranked No. 74 on MLB Pipeline's Top 100 Prospects list, he'll jump much closer to the top of the list when we update the rankings later this week.

Campbell hit a combined .330/.439/.558 with 20 homers and 24 steals in 115 games between three levels this season. He led the Minors in wRC+ (180) while finishing second in on-base percentage and OPS (.997), fourth in batting and fifth in runs (94). He also won the Double-A Eastern League's MVP award.

In his lone college season, Campbell had no difficulty making contact but homered just four times in 45 games because he hit mostly ground balls and line drives. So the Red Sox asked him to change the path of his right-handed swing to launch more balls in the air. They gave him a program to help him add strength and bat speed.

Related
A big Q facing the Red Sox & their top prospects

December 26th, 2024

Watch out for these 3 top Red Sox prospects in 2025

October 14th, 2024

2024 MiLB Awards Show winners -- Hitter, Pitcher, more

October 1st, 2024

Red Sox reach deals with pitching trio; Duran headed to arbitration

23 minutes ago

Hendriks kicks off closer competition at frigid Fenway

4:58 PM UTC

Will Red Sox deploy a 6-man rotation in 2025?

January 6th, 2025

And Campbell suddenly became one of the best hitting prospects in baseball. Fellow star Red Sox prospect Roman Anthony told Christopher Smith of MassLive: "We call him Barry Bonds just because of how good of a hitter he is."

More from MLB Pipeline:
• Top 100 prospects | Stats | Video | Podcast | Complete coverage

"My bat path was very narrow in college, and in the past I was a big ground-ball hitter, line-drive hitter," Campbell said. "I'm trying to get my bat path right, trying to get some more doubles, more home runs, hit the ball in the air and hard consistently. That's been my main focus this whole year."

Lots of organizations ask lots of players to make adjustments as they enter pro ball, but massive improvement almost never comes this easily. Boston farm director Brian Abraham says that's a tribute to Campbell.

"It was a collaboration between our amateur department and our player-development department in terms of the mechanical changes that he needed to impact the ball," Abraham said. "We thought there was some low-hanging fruit that could help him. Kristian really embraces change and the challenge of improvement. To see it happen so immediately and dramatically was exciting."

Campbell spent last offseason at the organization's training base in Fort Myers, Fla., adding 15 pounds of lean muscle to his 6-foot-3 frame without losing any of his athleticism. He laid the groundwork for a breakout season that began with a .976 OPS in 40 games in High-A Greenville. He boosted his OPS to 1.045 in 56 games at Double-A Portland and posted an .898 mark in 19 contests at Triple-A Worcester before missing the last 11 days with a minor strain in his left lat.

Campbell said he tried to keep his approach simple as he rose through the Minors.

Subscribe to the MLB Pipeline Newsletter

"Just have a quality at-bat and hit the ball as hard as you possibly can and in the air," he said. "That's all I can really control. If I hit the ball as hard as possible in the air and had a quality at-bat, that's really all I can do as the pitching is getting more and more advanced at each level."

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Besides his metamorphosis at the plate, Campbell also improved other facets of the game. After notching just four steals at Georgia Tech despite plus speed, he became more aggressive on the bases. And while his long-term defensive home is still a question, he did make strides with his glove.

Campbell split time between second base and center field in Single-A, then played more shortstop at higher levels, in large part because of a back injury to Marcelo Mayer, another elite Red Sox prospect. He also saw brief action at third base.

Because he has just average arm strength and a funky throwing motion, Campbell is unlikely to start on the left side of the infield in the big leagues. But he looked smoother at second base and more instinctive in the outfield than he had in the past. He could become an average or better second baseman or at least a solid outfielder.

Though he has played just 137 games as a pro and only 19 above Double-A, Campbell is nearly ready for the big leagues.

"There's still a little bit of chase here and there versus better stuff," Abraham said. "He could hit the ball in the air even more. It's just smaller things, more just continuing to improve the skills he's doing really well in.

"He has the ability to stay on an even keel, even while adapting to different positions during the season. He understands that the process is more important than the results, and that allowed for sustained success this year. Everything we hoped came together for Kristian because of the person he is."

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Kristian Campbell
Boston Red Sox

Jim Callis is a reporter for MLB.com. Follow him @jimcallisMLB. Listen to him on the weekly MLB Pipeline Podcast.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

9:29 PM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

7:25 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/red-sox-prospect-kristian-campbell-wins-milb-hitter-and-breakout-awards 
 ----- 
