Menu
Search for
 Home/Super Eagles/Alex Iwobi responds to criticism of Super Eagles’ tactical approach at 2023 AFCON
AFCONSuper Eagles
Alex Iwobi responds to criticism of Super Eagles’ tactical approach at 2023 AFCON
Caretaker 
Follow on Twitter
January 24, 2024
0 855 2 minutes read

Fulham FC star Alex Iwobi has addressed criticism from some fans regarding Super Eagles coach Jose Peseiro’s tactical approach in the ongoing 2023 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) tournament.

Following the match against Equatorial Guinea, where Peseiro adopted a 3-4-3 formation, concerns were raised about the team’s lack of goals.

After creating 41 goal-attempts, with 14 on target and three goals scored during the group stage, questions have been raised about the effectiveness of the tactics.

Iwobi who is a key player in the Super Eagles squad, defended the chosen formation, emphasizing its effectiveness in securing the team’s progress in the tournament.

He urged fans to be patient and trust in the coaching staff’s decisions.

Responding to concerns about goal-scoring, Iwobi acknowledged that goals might not be flowing at the moment but expressed confidence that the situation would improve as the team advances in the competition.

In a post-match interview after the victory over Guinea-Bissau, Iwobi highlighted the significance of the win in securing qualification for the next stage and outlined the team’s motivation to progress further in the tournament.

“The win over Guinea-Bissau means a lot to us as we qualify for the next stage, and our motivation is to win the next game. We want to take the game step by step as we want to win our next match, then we can have confidence that we can do the rest,” he stated.

Iwobi further defended the employed tactics, noting that the same formation was used against Ivory Coast. He emphasized that as long as the team secures victories, the specific tactical approach becomes secondary.

“The tactics used against Guinea-Bissau were good; it was the same formation against the Ivory Coast, and at the end of the day, the tactics work together, so we will just continue to use it as long as we win. As long as you win, any tactical approach does not matter.”

The Super Eagles of Nigeria are set to face Cameroon in the next stage of the tournament after securing all points against Guinea-Bissau, while Cameroon finished as Group C’s runners-up.

The Nigeria vs Cameroon 2023 AFCON round of 16 clash will take place on Saturday, January 27, 2024 by 9pm.

READ MORE: Osimhen will score in our next match; Super Eagles coach predicts

 Tags
2023 AFCON
Alex Iwobi
Super Eagles
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
Tumblr
 
Pinterest
 
Reddit
 
Share via Email
 
Print
 Subscribe 

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

0 COMMENTS
Related Articles
Top ten Super Eagles stars in 2024: Who was the best?
1 day ago
Super Eagles stars celebrate Victor Osimhen’s 26th birthday
1 day ago
Atalanta not under pressure to sell Ademola Lookman and other stars
1 day ago
Recent
Popular
Comments
Nigerian Stars Abroad: Lookman and Dele-Bashiru Shine in Final Games of the Year
5 minutes ago
Injured Chukwueze Set for New Manager at AC Milan After Fonseca’s Exit
18 minutes ago
‘Six-Pack Don Show!’ – Osimhen Playfully Roasts Bassey After Final Game
46 minutes ago
Super Eagles Defender Bassey Ends Year by Giving Shirt to Young Fan
1 hour ago
Salah makes new Premier League record as Liverpool hammer West Ham
14 hours ago
© Copyright 2015-2024, All Rights Reserved |   SportsRation
Support Contact us About Us Partners T&C Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Vimeo
Instagram
RSS
Back to top button
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportsration.com/alex-iwobi-responds-to-criticism-of-super-eagles-tactical-approach-at-2023-afcon/ 
 ----- 
