Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019
Cote d'Ivoire vs Zambia Prediction and Betting Tips | September 6th 2024
Cote d'Ivoire vs Zambia Prediction and Betting Tips | September 6th 2024
By
Shubham Dupare
Modified Sep 05, 2024 18:09 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Cote d'Ivoire meet Zambia in the AFCON qualifiers

Cote d'Ivoire will welcome Zambia to Stade de la Paix in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifying campaign opener on Friday. The hosts are the defending AFCON champions and lifted their third title in February.

Zambia were back in the competition for the first time since 2017 in January but failed to make it past the group stage.

Les Éléphants are unbeaten in their last eight games in all competitions and in their previous outing, they were held to a goalless draw by Kenya in the FIFA World Cup qualifiers in June.

Chipolopolo have suffered five consecutive losses across all competitions, failing to score in the last four. They last played in the COFASA Cup in July and were eliminated from the group stage.

Trending
Cote d'Ivoire vs Zambia Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
There is not much history between the two teams and they have met 11 times in all competitions. The visitors have the upper hand in these meetings, leading 7-3 in wins while just one meeting between the two sides has ended in a draw.
They last met in the group stage of the 2023 AFCON qualifiers, with both teams recording home wins.
Interestingly, the first eight meetings between the two teams produced under 2.5 goals but the last three games in this fixture have seen over 2.5 goals.
The Copper Bullets are winless in their last five games in the AFCON qualifiers, recording four wins, including a 3-1 win over Ivory Coast in June last year.
Les Éléphants have suffered just one loss in their last 10 games in the AFCON qualifiers, with that loss coming against the visitors.
The defending AFCON champions have won their last eight home games in the AFCON qualifiers.
Cote d'Ivoire vs Zambia Prediction

The Elephants head into the match on an eight-game unbeaten streak, recording six wins. They have won their last eight home games in the AFCON qualifiers, scoring 20 goals, and will look to build on that form. They have won their last two home meetings against Zambia and are strong favorites.

Emerse Fae has named a strong squad for the two qualifiers, with star players Franck Kessie, Ibrahim Sangare, and Sebastien Haller all making the cut.

The Copper Bullets have registered just one win in their 11 games in 2024, suffering five consecutive losses. They have suffered just one loss in their last four away games in the AFCON qualifiers, with that loss coming against Les Éléphants last June.

Frankie Musonda and Patson Daka are sidelined with injuries while Fashion Sakala has been left out due to personal reasons by Avram Grant.

Considering the current form of the two teams and home advantage for the defending champions, Cote d'Ivoire are expected to register a comfortable win, and the odds of a clean sheet also look good.

Prediction: Cote d'Ivoire 2-0 Zambia

Cote d'Ivoire vs Zambia Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Cote d'Ivoire to win

Tip 2: Goals - Over/Under 2.5 Goals - Under 2.5 goals

Tip 3: At least one goal to be scored in the second half - Yes

Tip 4: Simon Adingra to score or assist any time - Yes

Quick Links

African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019 Ivory Coast Football Zambia Football Sébastien Haller Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/cote-d-ivoire-vs-zambia-prediction-betting-tips-september-6th-2024 
 ----- 
