Sections
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo
DODGERS
‘Fast enough.’ Freddie Freeman joins elite club with his 20th stolen base
Dodgers first baseman Freddie Freeman has a career-high 20 steals this season. “This is one thing I never thought I’d do in my career, so it was pretty cool,” he said. (Ryan Sun / Associated Press)
By Mike DiGiovanna
Staff Writer
Follow
Sept. 19, 2023 11:36 AM PT
Share

There are two very good reasons why Freddie Freeman didn’t pull the second-base bag out of the ground and hoist it over his head like Rickey Henderson after the Dodgers first baseman notched his career-high 20th stolen base in the seventh inning of Monday night’s 8-3 win over the Detroit Tigers.

The first was that Freeman was initially ruled out by umpire Dan Bellino on catcher Jake Rogers’ one-hop throw, leaving no time for spontaneity. It was only after the call was overturned by replay review that Freeman became just the 11th first baseman in major league history to hit at least 20 homers and steal 20 bases in a season.

The second was that as impressive as Freeman’s feat is for a 34-year-old first baseman who is hardly fleet of foot, it was only the 86th stolen base of his 14-year career, leaving him 1,320 bags shy of Henderson’s all-time record of 1,406 stolen bases, set from 1979-2003.

DODGERS

J.D. Martinez shows Eduardo Rodriguez what he’s missing in Dodgers’ win
Sept. 18, 2023

“He’s far from Rickey as far as that category,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts, an accomplished base-stealer himself during his playing days, said jokingly after the game, “but it’s still quite the milestone.”

Which is why Freeman, who is putting together another MVP-caliber season after winning the National League most valuable player award with the Atlanta Braves in 2020, felt like Henderson on the inside.

“This is one thing I never thought I’d do in my career, so it was pretty cool,” said Freeman, who topped his previous high of 13 stolen bases in 2022. “A lot of credit has to go to [first-base coach] Clayton McCullough. So much work goes into it before games, picking up patterns on pitchers, situations of when to go and not to go.

“First basemen usually aren’t speed demons. Like, my dad just texted me, he goes, ‘Fast enough.’ The Freemans aren’t known to be very fast. But I just try to pick the right situations to go. I do keep myself in OK shape to run, so hopefully I can keep doing this for a little bit.”

Dodgers first baseman Freddie Freeman beats the tag of Tigers second baseman Andy Ibáñez to steal second base on Monday. (Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times)

Stolen bases are way up this season after the size of the bases was increased and pitchers were limited to two pick-off attempts or “disengagements” per plate appearance, so Freeman figured to benefit from baseball’s new rules.

But Freeman, who takes pride in being the most well-rounded player he can be, has improved his baserunning over the years, as evidenced by his success rate (20 for 21) on stolen bases this season and his team-leading 124 runs.

“He’s scored [124] runs this year, and that speaks to the baserunning and the ability to get on base, steal second, go first to third — he’s as good as I’ve ever seen,” Roberts said. “The object of the game is to score more runs than the other team. His run production and creation is incredible.”

Freeman’s stolen base put him in position to score an insurance run on a two-out RBI single by J.D. Martinez, who hit a solo home run in the second inning and a three-run shot in the third off Tigers left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez, who invoked his no-trade clause to nix a potential deal to the Dodgers on Aug. 1.

Freeman’s decision to take off on an 0-and-2 pitch by reliever José Cisnero, who got ahead of Martinez with a pair of 96-mph fastballs, was rooted in instinct and preparation. He swiped second on an 88-mph, down-and-away cut-fastball.

“In that situation, he went heater, heater, so it’s 0-2, and [Cisnero] was 1.3 to 1.35 seconds to home plate,” Freeman said. “Two outs, and I know he wants to go for a strikeout. I figured he was gonna go a little bit slower, and I didn’t think he’d go three straight heaters to J.D. I banked on an off-speed pitch in the bottom part of the zone, and it turned out to be right.

DODGERS

‘Bring something special’: Can the Dodgers’ new-look culture carry them for postseason run?
Sept. 18, 2023

“A lot of guys can just run every time because they’re faster. But for me, I try to pick the situations, do my work before the game with Clayton, try to do the best I can to help the team win, and stealing 90 feet sometimes is what I can do.”

Freeman entered Tuesday night’s game against the Tigers with a .335 average, .983 on-base-plus-slugging percentage, 26 homers, 196 hits, a major league-leading 55 doubles and 93 RBIs.

He is the fourth player with at least 25 homers, 50 doubles and 20 stolen bases in a season, joining Grady Sizemore (2006), Alfonso Soriano (2002) and Chuck Klein (1932). With four more hits, he will become the only first baseman in baseball history to accumulate 200 hits, 20 homers and 20 stolen bases in one season.

“Man, it’s an exclamation [point] to a tremendous season,” Roberts said. “For a first baseman to [steal 20 bases] and then potentially get 200 hits, it’s never been done. For him to reach that milestone is going to be pretty special.”

More to Read
Plaschke: From Fred-die to Decoy, Dodgers owned every top-10 moment in 2024 L.A. sports
Dec. 31, 2024
Letters to Sports: Toasting the Dodgers’ World Series title
Nov. 2, 2024
Hernández: Freddie Freeman will forever be the name and face of the Dodgers’ 2024 championship
Nov. 1, 2024
DODGERS
Mike DiGiovanna
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Mike DiGiovanna has been covering Major League Baseball for the Los Angeles Times since 1995 and spent 19 years as the Angels beat writer and two seasons on the Dodgers. He won Associated Press Sports Editors awards for game-story writing in 2001, feature-story writing in 2017 and breaking news in 2019. A native of East Lyme, Conn., and a graduate of Cal State Fullerton, he began writing for The Times in 1981.


More From the Los Angeles Times

DODGERS

Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts in World Series banned from MLB games
Jan. 10, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Diego Cartaya, face potential arbitration hearing with Alex Vesia
Jan. 9, 2025

DODGERS

Analysis: With Gavin Lux gone, how Dodgers might deploy more versatile lineup in 2025
Jan. 7, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Cincinnati Reds in wake of Hyeseong Kim signing
Jan. 6, 2025
Most Read in Dodgers

DODGERS

Analysis: Why October hero Walker Buehler was always likely to leave the Dodgers
Dec. 23, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Firefighters gain ground on deadly L.A. wildfires, but more wind is on the way
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Latest Dodgers
Dodgers sign Hyeseong Kim, finalize Teoscar Hernández return as roster takes shape
Jan. 3, 2025
Dodgers’ meeting with Roki Sasaki didn’t include in-person pitches from Ohtani or Yamamoto
Dec. 30, 2024
Analysis: How will Dodgers reward Dave Roberts? Will they land Roki Sasaki?
Dec. 31, 2024
Shohei Ohtani and his wife announce they are expecting their first child
Dec. 28, 2024
Shaikin: By re-signing Teoscar Hernández, Dodgers raise the financial stakes even higher
Dec. 28, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/dodgers/story/2023-09-19/dodgers-freddie-freeman-steals-home-runs-first-basemen 
 ----- 
