Skip to content
Subscribe Now
29°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Active Seniors
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
Former Tiger hits 2 home runs as NL West champion Dodgers roll past Detroit, 8-3
Los Angeles Dodgers designated hitter J.D. Martinez (28) celebrates after his three-run home run with Mookie Betts (50) who also scored during the third inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers, Monday, Sept. 18, 2023, in Los Angeles. Freddie Freeman also scored. (AP Photo/Ryan Sun)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: September 19, 2023 at 10:58 AM EDT

By Doug Padilla

LOS ANGELES — J.D. Martinez homered twice off Eduardo Rodriguez and drove in five runs as the Los Angeles Dodgers rolled to an 8-3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Monday night.

Rodriguez (11-9), who used his no-trade rights to nix a deal to the Dodgers on Aug. 1, lasted just three-plus innings. He exited in the fourth with back spasms during Chris Taylor’s at-bat.

RELATED ARTICLES
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
Tigers projected to have mediocre 2025 season

Martinez said he wasn’t motivated by Rodriguez’s decision not to come to Los Angeles. The slugger tried to text his former Boston Red Sox teammate when the deal was still in limbo but never got a response.

“You know, everybody makes their decisions, everyone’s got their choices why they did it,” Martinez said. “He texted me and apologized why he couldn’t text back. It was a family decision. I get it, man. He’s got to do what he’s got to do for him. It’s understandable. Obviously we wanted him here, but it is what it is.”

Lance Lynn (12-11), acquired by the Dodgers from the Chicago White Sox days before the Rodriguez deal fell through, gave up three runs over five innings as NL West champion Los Angeles moved closer to clinching a playoff bye and home-field advantage in the Division Series.

1 of 8

Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Lance Lynn throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers, Monday, Sept. 18, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Ryan Sun)

“I know what’s expected here moving forward, I know what I’m capable of and I have a couple more starts to kind of find my ground here and get ready to give everything I’ve got, especially in the playoffs,” Lynn said.

Jake Rogers hit a three-run homer for the Tigers, who dropped to 3-1 on a 10-game West Coast trip.

Miguel Cabrera had a fifth-inning single to tie Adrian Beltre for 16th on the career list with 3,166 hits.

Martinez’s first home run against Rodriguez came on a shot to right-center for a 1-0 lead in the second inning.

The Dodgers scored four times in the third, grabbing a 2-0 advantage when Will Smith hit a sacrifice fly with the bases loaded after a 12-pitch plate appearance. Martinez followed with a three-run homer, his 28th, to make it 5-0.

It was Martinez’s fourth multi-homer game this season and 28th of his career.

Rodriguez opened the fourth inning with a strike to Taylor before heading to the back of the mound, where he appeared to be in discomfort. He threw one warmup pitch to the screen and left the game after giving up five runs on five hits with one walk and one strikeout.

“His health is the No. 1 priority,” Tigers manager A.J. Hinch said. “So when (we) got out there and we talked through it, he really wanted to throw a pitch, and he felt like it was just a little bit of a spasm and that he was going to be fine. And then when he tried to throw, he was very uncomfortable, so we just took him out of the game.”

Detroit got back into the game in the fifth when Rogers homered to left field off Lynn, cutting the deficit to 5-3. It was Rogers’ 20th home run of the season and fourth in his past three games after hitting two Sunday against the Los Angeles Angels.

“We had runners on base almost every inning,” Hinch said. “We needed a big swing to get back into it, we got it (from Rogers), and then we just couldn’t keep up with them.”

The Dodgers created more breathing room when Kiké Hernández had a sacrifice fly in the sixth and Miguel Rojas homered to left in the seventh for a 7-3 lead. It was Rojas’ fifth of the season.

Martinez drove in his fifth run of the game on his third hit, a single in the seventh. Freddie Freeman scored after stealing his 20th base for the first 20 steal/20-homer season by a first baseman in Dodgers history.

“Like my dad just texted me: ‘Fast enough,’” said Freeman, whose previous high for stolen bases was 13 last season. “I just try to pick the right situations and I value 90 feet a lot in this game.”

STAR POWER

Two days after he was celebrated at Angel Stadium, Cabrera was recognized before Monday’s game at Dodger Stadium. He was presented with a framed replica star from the Hollywood Walk of Fame, complete with his name on it. The 21-year veteran is set to retire after this season.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Dodgers: RHP Michael Grove, on the injured list with right lat tightness, will participate in a short simulated game Wednesday and possibly return to the major league roster over the weekend. … RHP Yency Almonte (knee) might have run out of time to return during the regular season, with manager Dave Roberts saying a spot on the postseason roster remains a possibility.

UP NEXT

The Dodgers will use right-hander Ryan Pepiot (2-1, 2.00 ERA) on Tuesday, but were uncertain if he will start or enter the game following an opener. Detroit had not announced a starting pitcher.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Originally Published: September 19, 2023 at 7:30 AM EDT
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Bird flu outbreak reported at Hess-Hathaway Park in Waterford
Bird flu outbreak reported at Hess-Hathaway Park in Waterford
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Holly Hotel trial set for February
NYC mom stabbed to death defending young daughter in brawl with 20 women
NYC mom stabbed to death defending young daughter in brawl with 20 women
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Opponents set: Here’s who the Detroit Lions will play in 2025
Opponents set: Here’s who the Detroit Lions will play in 2025
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2023
September
19
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place a Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Daily Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2023/09/19/former-tiger-hits-2-home-runs-as-nl-west-champion-dodgers-roll-past-detroit-8-3/ 
 ----- 
