Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Dodgers Highlights: Just Dingers Martinez, Lynn Battles, Rojas Continues Hot Streak in Win
J.D. Martinez had two home runs and drove in 5 runs as he supported fantastic Dodger pitching.
Sarah Morris | Sep 19, 2023
Dodgers Highlights: Just Dingers Martinez, Lynn Battles, Rojas Continues Hot Streak in Win /
In this story:
Los Angeles Dodgers

On a beautiful Monday night at Dodger Stadium, the Los Dodgers defeated the Detroit Tigers 8-to-3.

Dodgers vs Tigers Box Score

Lance Lynn had traffic but got out of the first. In the second, Lynn is in trouble because he doesn’t have good command, but he gets out of the second without allowing a run. He has more velocity than usual since Dave Roberts wanted him to use full effort instead of worrying about going seven innings. Lynn is keeping the ball down in the strike zone. In the fifth, Lynn allowed a 3-run homer.

J.D Martinez blasted his 27th home run in the second. 

Miguel Rojas had a bunt single in the third, Mookie Betts walked, and Freddie Freeman singled to load the bases. After a 12-pitch at-bat, Will Smith had a sac fly, and Martinez crushed a 3—run homer. To open the fourth, Max Muncy singled.

The Tigers were forced to replace an injured Eduardo Rodríguez in the fourth. The Dodgers left Muncy.

Alex Vesia relieved Lynn who had 6 strikeouts while walking 2. He pitched a perfect sixth.

In the sixth, Muncy walked, Chris Taylor had an infield single, and Kike Hernández singled in Muncy.

Caleb Ferguson hurled a perfect seventh.

To open the seventh, Rojas hit his fifth home run of the season.

It continued a torrid stretch for the shortstop.

Freeman stole his twentieth base of the season. Martinez drove in Freeman in the seventh. Freddie Freeman became the first player in MLB history to record 25+ home runs, 55+ doubles, and 20+ stolen bases in a season.

In the eighth, Shelby Miller pitched a 1-2-3 inning. Since Miller returned from the IL, he has been fantastic.

Joe Kelly pitched a fantastic ninth inning to close out the team's 92nd victory of the season. The Dodger bullpen was perfect through 4 innings of work.

Up Next

Tuesday, the Dodgers will continue their series against the Tigers at 7:10 PM PDT on SportsNet LA. The Dodgers are undecided on their starter. 

Full MLB Standings
Published Sep 19, 2023
SARAH MORRIS

Since I was seven, I have been an ardent Dodger fan. My love for the Dodgers fueled me to be my high school baseball statistician for its Junior Varsity and Varsity baseball teams. For seventeen seasons, I was a freelance writer for Major League Baseball Advanced Media writing mainly about the Dodgers. I love writing about the Dodgers and eating.  

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/dodgers/news/dodgers-highlights-just-dingers-martinez-lynn-battles-rojas-continues-hot-streak-in-win-sm1970 
 ----- 
