EDITION
IN
TOI
ICC Cricket World Cup 2023
Schedule
Teams
Stats
Photos
Points Table
Venues
Videos
All-Time Records
Today's ePaper
NEWS
SPORTS NEWS
CRICKET NEWS
World Cup 2023: New Zealand Vs Bangladesh Head To Head Record
TRENDING
Kamindu Mendis
Rohit Sharma
Dwayne Bravo
Pakistan Team Holding Indian Flags
Hardik Pandya
Hardik Singh
India vs Bangladesh Live
Cricket Fight
Virat Kohli
R Praggnanandhaa
Kamindu Mendis
Rohit Sharma
Dwayne Bravo
Pakistan Team Holding Indian Flags
Hardik Pandya
Hardik Singh
India vs Bangladesh Live
Cricket Fight
Virat Kohli
R Praggnanandhaa
Kamindu Mendis
Rohit Sharma
Dwayne Bravo
Pakistan Team Holding Indian Flags
Hardik Pandya
Hardik Singh
India vs Bangladesh Live
Cricket Fight
Virat Kohli
R Praggnanandhaa
THIS STORY IS FROM OCTOBER 13, 2023
World Cup 2023: New Zealand vs Bangladesh head to head record
TOI Sports Desk / Oct 13, 2023, 09:04 IST
SHARE
AA
+
TEXT SIZE
Small
Medium
Large
FOLLOW US
New Zealand and Bangladesh are set to face each other in the 11th match of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023. New Zealand have a strong record against Bangladesh, winning 30 out of the 41 ODIs they have played. They have also won all five previous World Cup matches against Bangladesh. New Zealand will be boosted by the return of captain Kane Williamson, while Bangladesh will look to their spinners for an advantage on the spin-friendly Chennai pitch.
Kane Williamson and Shakib Al Hasan. (Photo by Christopher Lee/Getty Images)
NEW DELHI: New Zealand are set to face Bangladesh in the 11th match of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 at MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai on Friday.
New Zealand and Bangladesh have played 41 ODIs against each other out of which the Kiwis have won 30 games and lost 10. One game had no result.
New Zealand have won all the five matches against Bangladesh in the World Cup - one each in 1999, 2003, 2007, 2015 and 2019.

Not just that, the Kiwis have won all the 9 ODIs against Bangladesh between February 13, 2019 and September 26, 2023.

In the ICC ODI rankings, New Zealand are at the 6th spot while Bangladesh are 7th.
New Zealand boast of quality resources who can tackle the three-pronged Bangladesh spin attack, which includes skipper and left-armer Shakib Al Hasan.
Bangladesh will look for their first win after going down to England in Dharamsala.
The Chepauk pitch should assist Bangladesh spinners as it will get slower as the game progresses, so New Zealand batsmen will have their task cut out.

New Zealand will be boosted by the return of their captain Kane Williamson who will play his first match of the World Cup on Friday.
Williamson missed the Kiwis' wins over defending champions England and the Netherlands to continue his rehabilitation from a knee injury he suffered in March that required surgery.
Experienced fast bowler Tim Southee has been recovering following surgery on his fractured right thumb and is expected to miss this match also.
The Kiwis look a better side on paper but they cannot afford to underestimate Bangladesh especially at a spin-friendly venue like Chennai.
Squads:
New Zealand: Devon Conway, Rachin Ravindra, Kane Williamson (Capt.), Daryl Mitchell, Tom Latham(w), Glenn Phillips, Mark Chapman, Mitchell Santner, Matt Henry, Lockie Ferguson, Trent Boult, Will Young, Tim Southee, Ish Sodhi, James Neesham
Bangladesh: Litton Das, Tanzid Hasan, Najmul Hossain Shanto, Mehidy Hasan Miraz, Shakib Al Hasan (Capt.), Mushfiqur Rahim(w), Towhid Hridoy, Mahedi Hasan, Taskin Ahmed, Shoriful Islam, Mustafizur Rahman, Hasan Mahmud, Tanzim Hasan Sakib, Nasum Ahmed, Mahmudullah



About the Author
TOI Sports Desk

The TOI Sports Desk excels in a myriad of roles that capture the essence of live sporting events and deliver compelling content to readers worldwide. From running live blogs for India and non-India cricket matches to global spectacles featuring Indian talents, like the Chess World Cup final featuring Praggnanandhaa and the Badminton World Championships semifinal featuring HS Prannoy, our live coverage extends to all mega sporting events. We extensively cover events like the Olympics, Asian Games, Cricket World Cups, FIFA World Cups, and more. The desk is also adept at writing comprehensive match reports and insightful post-match commentary, complemented by stats-based articles that provide an in-depth analysis of player performances and team dynamics. We track news wires for key stories, conduct exclusive player interviews in both text and video formats, and file content from print editions and reporters. We keep track of all viral stories, trending topics and produce our own copies on the subjects. We deliver accurate, engaging, and up-to-the-minute sports content, round the clock.Read More

End of Article
FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Visual Stories
Previous

2nd Test, Day 1: B'desh 107/3 vs India on rain-shortened opening day

SPORTS

Ashwin shines as India hammer Bangladesh in Chennai Test

SPORTS

1st Test, Day 3: India hold upper hand despite spirited Bangladesh chase

SPORTS

1st Test, Day 2: India in box seat after Bumrah takes four-for vs B'desh

SPORTS

1st Test, Day 1: Ashwin, Jadeja dig India out of trouble vs B'desh

SPORTS

France waves farewell to Paralympics with spectacular ceremony

SPORTS

Navdeep's gold, Simran's bronze take India's medal tally to 29

SPORTS

Paris Paralympics: India's flag bearers for closing ceremony

SPORTS

Paris Paralympics: 5 Reasons India Secured Its Best-Ever Medal Tally

SPORTS

Praveen Kumar takes India's gold tally to 6 on Day 9

SPORTS
Next
Photostories
Mastering financial stability: Simple strategies for lasting wealth and security
5 easy exercises that improve liver health within a month
Top 5 Indian states with the highest per capita income
Tirupati Laddu Controversy: Pawan Kalyan, Suriya, Prakash Raj; Reactions and controversial statements of film stars
Indian states with the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites
5 signs you are unknowingly being toxic to yourself, as per psychology
5 traditional Indian hair oils for hair growth
From marrying at the age of 17 to pranking the family by calling Bharti Singh his second wife; Sudesh Lehri and wife Mamta's love story, struggles and more
From Mr Faisu to Jannat Zubair, Vishal Pandey and others: Bigg Boss OTT 3 fame Adnaan Shaikh and Ayesha’s dreamy wedding and reception ceremony
Zodiac Signs Who Have Good Sixth Sense
5 Sanskrit phrases that work as excellent motivations and affirmations
TOP SPORTS NEWS
Live Cricket Score
ICC Rankings
WWE News
Football News
NFL News
Tennis News
Sports Web Stories
TOP TRENDING
NFL Players Stats 2024
Riya Barde
Caleb Williams
Chess Olympiad 2024
Shigeru Ishiba
Timeless Lessons from Kautilya
Bettina Anderson
Vladimir Putin
Zerodha CTO
Nikki Bella
Trending Stories
In Sports
Entire Website
NFL Players Stats (2024): Players with higher stats, rankings and more
India vs Bangladesh, 2nd Test: Green Park authorities hire langurs to drive away hungry monkeys, says report
Rohit Sharma's jaw-dropping reaction on DRS call burns the internet - Watch
IPL 2025: Dwayne Bravo replaces Gautam Gambhir as Kolkata Knight Riders' new mentor
'I won't pay a single penny...': When Virat Kohli was dropped from Delhi team at 1 AM
Fans ask Dolly chaiwala for selfies, ignore India's Paris Olympics hockey medallists
World Record! Sri Lanka sensation Kamindu Mendis becomes first-ever batsman to...
Watch: Cricketers come to blows mid-pitch, bats used as swords!
​Hardik's massive comment! Indian hockey players fitter than cricketers
'I wish Rishabh Pant was an Australian'
About us
Create Your Own Ad
Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy
Privacy policy
Advertise with us
RSS
Newsletter
Feedback
ePaper
Sitemap
Archives
FOLLOW US ON
OTHER TIMES GROUP NEWS SITES
The Economic Times
Hindi Economic Times
Navbharat Times
Maharashtra Times
Vijaya Karnataka
Telugu Samayam
Tamil Samayam
Malayalam Samayam
I am Gujarat
TimesPoints
Indiatimes
Brand Capital
Education Times
Times Food
Mumbai Mirror
Bangalore Mirror
MX Player
Hindi Podcast
POPULAR CATEGORIES
Headlines
Sports News
Business News
India News
World News
Bollywood News
Health+ Tips
Indian TV Shows
Celebrity Photos
Technology News
HOT ON THE WEB
Bhool Bhulaiyaa 3 Teaser
Tirupati Laddoo Controversy
Beetroot Benefits
Magnesium Deficiency
Aamir Khan
Saif Ali Khan
Palak Sindhwani
High Blood Sugar
Mahima Chaudhry
Optical illusion
TOP TRENDS
IND vs BAN Live Score
NEET UG Counselling
Dolly Chaiwala
Kamindu Mendis
DU Election
Israel Strikes
Ravichandran Ashwin
High Paying Freelance Jobs
Elon Musk Dating Meloni
US FDA
Kerala Lottery Results
Rohit Sharma
Tamil Nadu NEET UG Counselling
Who is Dominik Mysterios Wife
China Submarine
Israel Hezbollah War
Live Cricket Score
TRENDING TOPICS
Devara Review
Navya Naveli Nanda
Pawan Kalyan
Jungle Safari
Stree 2 OTT Release
Rose Garden
Devara Collection
OTT Release Movie
Masala Omelette
Emergency
Devara
Taaza Khabar 2 Twitter Review
Devara Movie Review
Healthy Raitas
Swatantrya Veer Savarkar
Coldplay India tour 2025
Best Branded Handbags
Apple Macbook Air M1
Amazon Sale
Wordle Answer
LIVING AND ENTERTAINMENT
ETimes
Travel Destinations
Cricbuzz.com
TV
Lifestyle
Newspaper Subscription
Food News
Times Prime
Whats Hot
SERVICES
CouponDunia
TechGig
TimesJobs
Bollywood News
Times Mobile
Gadgets
Careers
Colombia
LATEST NEWS
Archana Puran Singh opens up on turning down multiple film offers for ‘The Kapil Sharma Show’
Seasonal Rituals According to the Zodiac Calendar
Jr NTR's 'Devara' takes over USA; fans garland actor's photo
First person died in UK from ‘liquid’ Brazilian butt lift: All you need to know about liquid BBL and risks it poses
Nayanthara and Vignesh Shivan share emotional notes on their twins Ulag and Uyir's second birthday
Pressure Cooker: How Hypertension Can Lead to Heart Failure
Weight loss and more: 5 reasons to eat soaked methi seeds every morning
Bad Boy electric trike unveiled in India: F1-inspired cockpit, 400 km range and more!
Best Watches Under 5000: Stylish Picks For Everyone
'Attempt to defame my govt': Kerala CM Vijayan rejects allegations of independent MLA P V Anvar
Ilaiyaraaja thanks Tamil Nadu CM MK Stalin for naming a street after his late friend SPB
Big Story -Has Kollywood lost its plot?
Did Vincent van Gogh’s paintings have a connection with Bihar? Research says yes!
Bangladeshi fan hospitalised after 'falling ill' in Green Park stands; Police denies assault speculation
Tirupati Laddu row: Police likely to serve notices to ex-CM Jagan Mohan Reddy ahead of his Tirumala temple visit
Indian economy projected to grow 6.5-7% in FY 2024-25: Chief economic advisor Nageswaran
Cong, PDP & NC 'sinners' for encouraging terrorism in J&K: UP CM Yogi Adityanath
'Demons in power': Jagan Reddy cancels Tirumala temple visit amid Tirupati laddu row, says 'denied permission'; TDP reacts
Copyright © 2024 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
We care about your privacy
We and our 750 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Show Purposes link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/cricket/icc-world-cup/news/world-cup-2023-new-zealand-vs-bangladesh-head-to-head-record/articleshow/104387194.cms 
 ----- 
