English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / ODI World Cup 2023: New Zealand vs Bangladesh - Who will win ODI between New Zealand and Bangladesh?

ODI World Cup 2023: New Zealand vs Bangladesh - Who will win ODI between New Zealand and Bangladesh?
After opening their World Cup 2023 victoriously, the Kiwis recorded second consecutive win as they took down the Netherlands in their second fixture.

GARIMA RANAWAT
Author

Updated - 12 Oct 2023 05:19 AM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: October 13, 2023
Time: 2:00 PM IST
Venue: MA Chidambaram Stadium, Chennai
Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary: SportsTiger App

Follow:  ODI World Cup 2023 Live Score  |  Match Prediction


Match Preview:

The 11th fixture of the ICC ODI World Cup 2023 will feature New Zealand locking horns with Bangladesh. After opening their World Cup 2023 campaign victoriously, the Kiwis recorded second consecutive win as they took down the Netherlands in their second fixture. Bangladesh, on the other hand, won their season opener but slumped to reigning champions in the second match.

While the Black Caps will look forward to continuing their winning streak, Shakib Al Hasan and his men will enter the field to make a comeback and record a win after losing their second match.


Pitch Report:


The MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai is known for providing assistance to both batters and bowlers. However, due to its dry nature, the spinners have slightly more advantage. As the game progresses, the wicket slows down at the Chepauk Stadium. The average first inning score of the venue is 224, while the second innings score goes about 205. 

Team Analysis:

New Zealand

After missing out first two matches, the Kiwi captain Kane Williamson is likely to make a comeback in the team for their third match against Bangladesh. After losing the 2015 and 2019 World Cup finals, the Black Caps seem to have entered into the season to not let the trophy go out of their hands. The Kiwis, under the guidance of their stand-in captain Tom Latham played brilliantly and took down the reigning champions in their first match before defeating Netherlands. 

The batting line-up with the likes of Devon Conway and youngster Rachin Ravindra have performed decently in the last two matches. Not only this, but names like Matt Henry, Mitchell Santner, Glenn Phillips, constitute a strong bowling unit for the team. 

SportsTiger Playing XI of New Zealand


Devon Conway, Rachin Ravindra, Kane Williamson (c), Daryl Mitchell, Tom Latham (wk), Glenn Phillips, Mark Chapman, James Neesham, Mitchell Santner, Matt Henry, Trent Boult


Bangladesh

After opening their tournament on a winning note, the Bangla Tigers went down to reigning champions England in their second fixture. In their previous fixture, while Litton Das played a fairly decent inning, the Bangladesh batting order failed drastically after him, until Mushfiqur Rahim gave the team a stability. To be in the race, Shakib Al Hasan and Co. need to work on building stronger partnerships. 

Apart from the batters, the bowling unit also delivered a poor performance, which is why the English batters put a mammoth total of 364 on the score board. This shows that they lack collective efforts, which are mandatory to register wins in big tournaments like these. 

SportsTiger Playing XI of Bangladesh: 


Tanzid Hasan, Litton Das, Najmul Hossain Shanto, Shakib Al Hasan (c), Mehidy Hasan Miraz, Mushfiqur Rahim (wk), Towhid Hridoy, Mahedi Hasan, Taskin Ahmed, Shoriful Islam, Mustafizur Rahman

Match Prediction:

Conclusion:

New Zealand have a better chance to win this fixture and defeat Bangladesh to extend their win streak to 3-0 at the ICC ODI World Cup 2023. 

Disclaimer: The facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same. 


ICC ODI World Cup 2023
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

HS Prannoy’s match stopped and postponed due to leakage in stadium roof at Malaysia Open

07 January 2025

My fault: Sam Konstas accepts provoking Jasprit Bumrah in fifth BGT Test leading to Usman Khawaja’s wicket

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/odi-world-cup-2023-new-zealand-vs-bangladesh-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-match-between-new-zealand-and-bangladesh-nz-vs-ban-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
