Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Australia Open 2025
Jack Smith resigns
Ravens beat Steelers
SPORTS
Yankees sweep Fenway Park doubleheader for first time since 2006 as Boone gets 500th win
1 of 21 |  

New York Yankees outfielders Everson Pereira, left, Estevan Florial, center, and Oswaldo Cabrera celebrate after the Yankees defeated the Boston Red Sox in the second game of a baseball doubleheader Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

2 of 21 |  

New York Yankees’ Carlos Rodon delivers a pitch to a Boston Red Sox batter during the first inning of the second game of a baseball doubleheader Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

3 of 21 |  

CORRECTS TO FIRST INNING, INSTEAD OF SECOND - Boston Red Sox’s Ceddanne Rafaela gestures as he nears the plate on a home run against the New York Yankees during the first inning of the second game of a baseball doubleheader Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

Read More
4 of 21 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Kutter Crawford delivers a pitch to a New York Yankees batter during the first inning of the second game of a baseball doubleheader Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

5 of 21 |  

New York Yankees’ Everson Pereira, right, scores on a single by Estevan Florial, next to Boston Red Sox catcher Connor Wong during the fifth inning of the second game of a baseball doubleheader Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

6 of 21 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Kutter Crawford delivers a pitch to a New York Yankees batter during the first inning of the second game of a baseball doubleheader Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

7 of 21 |  

New York Yankees’ Anthony Volpe, left, celebrates with Aaron Judge, center, after the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox in the first game of a baseball doubleheader, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

8 of 21 |  

New York Yankees pitcher Clay Holmes, left, and catcher Kyle Higashioka, right, walk on the field after the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox in the first game of a baseball doubleheader, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

9 of 21 |  

New York Yankees’ Gleyber Torres hits a two-run single in the sixth inning in the first baseball game of a doubleheader against the Boston Red Sox, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

10 of 21 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Rafael Devers, right, runs the bases after hitting a home run as New York Yankees catcher Kyle Higashioka, left, looks on in the fourth inning of the first game of a baseball doubleheader Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

11 of 21 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Triston Casas, left, scores on a wild pitch as New York Yankees pitcher Randy Vasquez, right, is unable to tag him in the fourth inning in the first baseball game of a doubleheader, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

12 of 21 |  

New York Yankees’ Gleyber Torres runs toward first after hitting a two-run single in the sixth inning in the first baseball game of a doubleheader against the Boston Red Sox, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

13 of 21 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Rafael Devers, right, hits a home run as New York Yankees catcher Kyle Higashioka, left, looks on in the fourth inning of the first game of a baseball doubleheader Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

14 of 21 |  

Boston Red Sox’ Nick Pivetta delivers a pitch to a New York Yankees batter in the first inning of the first game of a baseball doubleheader, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

15 of 21 |  

New York Yankees’ Randy Vasquez delivers a pitch to a Boston Red Sox batter in the first inning of the first game of a baseball doubleheader, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

16 of 21 |  

Boston Red Sox’s Rafael Devers, right, celebrates with Triston Casas, left, after arriving home to score on a home run in the fourth inning of the first game of a baseball doubleheader against the New York Yankees, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

Read More
17 of 21 |  

New York Yankees’ Randy Vasquez delivers a pitch to a Boston Red Sox batter in the first inning of the first game of a baseball doubleheader, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

18 of 21 |  

Boston Red Sox’ Nick Pivetta delivers a pitch to a New York Yankees batter in the second inning of the first game of a baseball doubleheader, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

19 of 21 |  

New York Yankees pitcher Zach McAllister throws to first to retire Boston Red Sox’s Connor Wong to end the sixth inning of the second game of a baseball doubleheader Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

20 of 21 |  

New York Yankees’ Matt Bowman delivers a pitch to a Boston Red Sox batter during the eighth inning of the second game of a baseball doubleheader Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

21 of 21 |  

New York Yankees’ Nick Ramirez delivers a pitch to a Boston Red Sox batter the ninth inning of the second game of a baseball doubleheader Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

BY  KYLE HIGHTOWER
Updated 4:19 AM UTC, September 13, 2023
Share

BOSTON (AP) — Aaron Boone has his 500th win, the New York Yankees are back above .500 and for the first time in a month are no longer alone at the bottom of the AL East.

Gleyber Torres keyed the Yankees to their first doubleheader sweep at Fenway Park since 2006, leading New York over the Boston Red Sox 3-2 and 4-1 on Tuesday.

Boone improved his managing record to 500-353 in six seasons.

“I wish it would have come about a month ago,” Boone said. “I didn’t even know. ... Cool number. Wish it would have been a few weeks ago.”

Torres had a go-ahead, two-run single in the sixth inning and started a game-ending double play with the bases loaded in the opener of a day-night doubleheader. Then in the night game, Torres scored the go-ahead run on a bases-loaded grounder in the sixth and added an RBI single in the ninth.

New York entered 1-8 against the Red Sox this year and had not swept a doubleheader at Fenway since Aug. 18, 2006. The Yankees, who had been fifth in the AL East every day since Aug. 9, matched Boston at 73-72.

Carlos Rodón (3-5) struck out nine over five innings in the night game, allowing one run and four hits. Zach McAllister, a 35-year-old right-hander, gave up one hit in a scoreless sixth in his first major league appearance since 2018 with Detroit. Matt Bowman, a 32-year-old righty, pitched a one-hit eighth in his first big league outing since 2019 with Cincinnati.

RELATED STORIES
Left-hander Max Fried and Yankees finalize $218 million, 8-year contract
Left-hander Max Fried agrees to $218 million, 8-year contract with Yankees, AP source says
Blue Jays, Dodgers and Red Sox among losing bidders for Juan Soto

McAllister said having his big league return come with the team that drafted him in 2006 was special.

“It was one that’s kind of come full circle for me again,” he said.

Nick Ramirez finished with a perfect ninth for his first major league save.

Boston has lost six of its last seven as wild card hopes fade. The Red Sox dropped seven games back or Seattle and Toronto, who are tied for the final AL berth.

“We know where we’re at. We’ve put ourselves in this situation. So just keep playing good baseball, that’s the key,” Red Sox manager Alex Cora said. “It’s not going to change because of where we are.”

Red Sox starter Kutter Crawford allowed one run and two hits with seven strikeouts in 4 2/3 innings.

Ceddanne Rafaela led off the first with a drive over the Green Monster for his first big league homer.

Estevan Florial tied the score with an RBI single in the fifth and Jake Bauer hit into a run-scoring forceout in the sixth after Josh Winckowski (3-2) loaded the bases on two walks and a single.

New York boosted its lead in a two-run ninth that included a video review that awarded a bases-loaded catcher’s inference call on Connor Wong.

A day after the series opener was rained out, the Yankees took the field for the doubleheader wearing caps to honor first responders of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.

The opening game had an announced paid attendance of only 30,029. It was the lowest at Fenway Park for a Red Sox-Yankees game since May 27, 1999, not including pandemic-restricted crowds in 2020 and 2021. Game 2 was only slightly better at 30,392.

Jhony Brito (7-7) pitched three-hit ball over 2 1/3 scoreless innings. Clay Holmes walked the bases loaded with one out in the ninth before Alex Verdugo grounded a first-pitch sinker to Torres at second. He threw to shortstop Anthony Volpe for a forceout at second, and LeMahieu stretched to get the throw to first, giving Holmes his 19th save in 22 chances.

Yankees starter Randy Vásquez gave up two runs off three hits over 3 2/3 innings.

Boston starter Nick Pivetta (9-9) struck out 10, but allowed three runs off four hits over 5 1/3 innings.

Rafael Devers homered on a first-pitch cutter in the fourth, a drive into the Yankees bullpen in right-center for his 30th home run this season and the 25th of his career against the Yankees.

DJ LeMahieu’s RBI double in the sixth started New York’s comeback from a 2-0 deficit.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Yankees: RHP Jonathan Loáisiga was placed on the 15-day injured list retroactive to Sunday with right elbow swelling. It comes just over a month after he was activated following arthroscopic surgery to remove a bone spur from his pitching elbow, which had sidelined him since April 5. He’s made 17 appearances this season, with a 3.06 ERA over 17 2/3 innings. New York selected the contract of McAllister to replace him. … INF Anthony Rizzo (post-concussion syndrome) was transferred to the 60-day IL. … RHP Luke Weaver was claimed off waivers from Seattle.

Red Sox: RHP Kenley Jansen exited in the eighth inning of the second game with fatigue and illness symptoms. … Reinstated INF/OF Pablo Reyes from the 10-day IL (elbow inflammation). To make room on the active roster, INF Enmanuel Valdez was optioned to Triple-A Worcester.

QUIET BATS

Boston was 0 for 19 with 10 strikeouts with runners in scoring position over both games.

UP NEXT

Yankees: RHP Clarke Schmidt (9-8, 4.54 ERA), originally slated to start Monday’s opener, will make his 29th start on Wednesday. He’s allowed three or fewer runs in 18 of his last 19 starts.

Red Sox: RHP Tanner Houck (4-9, 5.28) has a 2.39 ERA in six starts and five relief appearances against the Yankees.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

KYLE HIGHTOWER
Hightower covers Boston sports for The Associated Press and also contributes on coverage of sports gambling and Olympic basketball.
twitter
 
mailto
 
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaarde.
Kia
:
Advertisement
Canada's former leader Chrétie n has blunt advice for Trump: 'Give your head a shake!'
Attack on Chad's presidential palace leaves 19 dead
Some notable quotes from Jimmy Carter's funeral
Democratic Sen. John Fetterma n to meet with Trump at Mar-a...
Pennsylvania Sen. John Fetterman will become the chamber's first Democrat to...
AP News
Fani Willis seeks to overturn her disqualification from Trump...
Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis has asked Georgia’s highest court to...
AP News
Scootmobiel kopen?
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Klik hier
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu een proe frit.
Kia
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgev...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kouse n en zeggen dat ze...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Heeft u moeite met lange stukken wand...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Klik hier
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elekt rische auto's kopen, zie prijslijst
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijzen zijn...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Tot wel 13 kg gewicht sverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verbazin...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Alleen vandaag - Adid as tot -33% korting.
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Veel senioren niet op de hoogte van gratis autoverzekering op...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Nu zoeken
Vice President-elect JD Vance resigns from the Senate
Vice President-elect JD Vance has resigned his seat in the U.S. Senate effec...
AP News
Clean tap water isn't flowing in Virginia's capital as residents...
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Theresa Fulgham wasn’t going to wait any longer. After da...
AP News
Geen honger, geen strenge diëten? met deze capsules verbr...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Adidas alleen vandaag in de aanbieding
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Ontdek hoe slim je bent. Beantwoord 22 vragen en ontdek ho...
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Anita Bryant, a popular singer who became known for opposi...
Anita Bryant, a former Miss Oklahoma and popular singer who became known over...
AP News
Judge scraps Biden's Title IX rules, reversing expansion of...
The Biden administration’s Title IX rules expanding protections for LGBTQ+...
AP News
Is jouw IQ hoger dan het gemiddelde in Nederland (102)? Ma...
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Autoverzekeringen voor 75-plussers met lage premies en uitg...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Nu zoeken
If you own a mouse, you have to play this game. No Install. Pla...
PanzerRush
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer deze truc van 5 seconden vandaag nog!
GlucoSerenity:Advertisement
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun autoverzekering (kijk...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Bloedsuikerhelper:Advertisement
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met dit alarm
Verisure®:Advertisement
Ontvang bod
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/torres-holmes-devers-yankees-red-sox-75b5c9356d41db13accc6424b32f2c95 
 ----- 
