Skip to content
Subscribe Now
61°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Politics
Health
Environment
Orange County
North OC
Anaheim
Brea
Buena Park
Cypress
Fullerton
Garden Grove
La Habra
La Palma
Orange + Villa Park
Placentia
Santa Ana
Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos
Stanton
Tustin
Westminster
Yorba Linda
South OC
Costa Mesa
Dana Point
Fountain Valley
Huntington Beach
Irvine
Laguna Beach
Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo
Laguna Hills
Ladera Ranch
Lake Forest
Laguna Woods
Mission Viejo
Newport Beach
Rancho Santa Margarita
San Clemente
San Juan Capistrano
Sports
Sports
Angels
Dodgers
Chargers
Rams
Ducks
Kings
Lakers
High School Sports
Clippers
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music + Concerts
Amusement Parks + Disneyland
Theater + Arts
Casinos
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Books
Comics
Puzzles
Best of Orange County
Orange County Register Store
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County January 8, 2025 at 8:52 pm
SPORTSMLBNews
ALCS: Guardians look for lift as they prepare to face Yankees in 0-2 hole
José Ramírez’s late home run in Game 2 was a positive sign for Cleveland, which might need the All-Star third baseman to go on a hitting tear to cut into New York’s lead. Game 3 is Thursday.
The Cleveland Guardians’ José Ramírez hits a home run during the ninth inning of Game 2 of the American League Championship Series against the New York Yankees on Tuesday night in New York. The Guardians likely need their All-Star third baseman to heat up at the plate to get back in the series, which they trail 2-0. Game 3 is Thursday in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
UPDATED: October 16, 2024 at 4:49 PM PST

By TOM WITHERS AP Sports Writer

CLEVELAND — José Ramírez finally had his New York moment.

After several frustrating at-bats in Yankee Stadium, Cleveland’s All-Star third baseman connected for a homer in the ninth inning of Game 2.

The shot into the ballpark’s famed “short porch” in right field was too little, too late, but a positive sign for the Guardians.

Trouble is, Aaron Judge gave the Yankees one as well.

Down 2-0 in the American League Championship Series following two sloppy games in New York, the Guardians returned home Wednesday feeling optimistic about cutting into the Yankees’ commanding lead with three straight games – assuming, that is, they win one of the next two – at Progressive Field.

The Guardians were the AL’s best team at home (50-30) this season and Cleveland’s rocking crowd, while not nearly as intense as its pinstriped-dressed counterparts in New York, showed it was more than ready for October during the club’s AL Division Series against Detroit.

“Obviously we would have loved to have taken one in New York,” Guardians manager Stephen Vogt said Wednesday before the team worked out on a cloudy, chilly afternoon. “But we still feel really good about our chances.”

They should.

The Guardians had numerous scoring opportunities in the early innings of Game 2 against Yankees ace Gerrit Cole, but they squandered them and Judge’s first homer of the postseason in the seventh inning put them away in a 6-3 loss.

Cleveland finished 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position and stranded 11 runners.

However, Vogt was pleased with his team’s approach, if not the results.

“We just weren’t able to get that big hit,” said Vogt, who will start left-hander Matthew Boyd against New York’s Clarke Schmidt in Game 3. “We had pressure on them all night. Seemed like every inning we had one, two guys on.

“Our guys have been great in those situations for the majority of the year, and when you have one game where it stands out, it’s not going to get us down.”

It won’t slow Ramírez, who hits in the heart of Cleveland’s lineup and is in many ways the team’s soul.

One of the game’s best players – Yankees manager Aaron Boone bristled before the series at him described as underrated – Ramírez has not been himself this October. He’s batting just .167 (4 for 24) in the postseason and is 1 for 7 with runners in scoring position.

That’s why seeing him circle the bases without his helmet flying off was such a big deal.

When he’s one of his tears, Ramírez, who finished one homer shy of making the 40-40 club in the regular season, can single-handedly carry Cleveland. His swing has been a tad off the last seven games, but he tattooed two balls in Game 1 that Judge ran down in center.

“Hosey just needs to be him,” Vogt said. “He just needs to be himself. He had really good at-bats last night. He had an opportunity. We all expect him to get the big hit every single time he gets up there, but he’s done that to himself.

“If there’s anybody I’m confident in coming out tomorrow ready to go, it’s going to be Hosey.”

The Yankees feel the same way about Judge, this year’s likely AL MVP and the game’s most feared right-handed slugger.

Judge, who hit 58 homers this season, was only 2 for 17 with six walks and two sacrifice flies in the playoffs before he hammered a belt-high fastball from Hunter Gaddis, sending it 414 feet to center field before it touched down near Monument Park.

Judge flashed a smile of joy mixed with relief on his home run trot. Afterward he joked that the ballpark’s “ghosts” might have given him some help on his 14th homer in his 50th postseason game.

Vogt was asked how many major leaguers could hit that pitch that far.

“Probably one,” he said.

RIZZO’S RETURN

Anthony Rizzo’s addition to New York’s ALCS roster was something of a surprise. So is what he’s been doing.

Rizzo, who fractured two fingers on his right hand when he got hit with a pitch on Sept. 28, went 2 for 4 with a double and scored a run in Game 2. The first baseman’s shot down the right-field line in the sixth inning came after Jazz Chisolm got picked off second – an out that loomed large as Cleveland rallied.

But Rizzo, who did not play against Kansas City in the ALDS, delivered and the Yankees are hoping he can stay in the lineup.

Manager Aaron Boone said Rizzo told him his fingers were sore, but that he felt better than after Game 1.

“I asked him if he slept here in the hyperbaric chamber,” Boone joked when asked if Rizzo is getting round-the-clock treatment. “He’s been here a lot. He did go home last night, though. The last couple weeks, just really trying to get as much treatment as he can and trying to move the needle just as much as he can to obviously be available.”

FAN CLUB

Now that he’s a teammate, Boyd has an even greater appreciation of Ramírez.

The left-hander spent eight seasons with Detroit and had more than his share of matchups against the six-time All-Star, who has finished in the top three in MVP voting three times.

Boyd always marveled at Ramírez’s combination of speed and power, but it wasn’t until he was around him consistently that he recognized the other qualities that make him great.

“The coolest thing about Hosey is the way he shows up ready to play every day,” Boyd said. “The guy is a gamer. Doesn’t matter how he feels, same guy every single day. When you see it firsthand, you can give him the word sparkplug, leader.

“There’s multiple synonyms that you can use to describe him. He’s truly special.”

Originally Published: October 16, 2024 at 4:43 PM PST
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Sneaky Way Nevada Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy Is Sweeping Nevada
Rechol
Why Hgtv Star Christina Hall Loves This 1-day Bath Remodel
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Shirem
Always Put a Crayon in Your Wallet When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Doing This Will Make Electricity Companies Angry, but They Can't Stop You
Saving Detector
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
This map shows where the Eaton fire is burning in Pasadena
This map shows where the Eaton fire is burning in Pasadena
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Skyloft and Bodega restaurants in Laguna Beach close
Skyloft and Bodega restaurants in Laguna Beach close
Anna Li, Jiani Wu suspended by U.S. Center for SafeSport for abusing athletes
Anna Li, Jiani Wu suspended by U.S. Center for SafeSport for abusing athletes
Here’s where the Santa Ana wildfire threat will be highest this week
Here’s where the Santa Ana wildfire threat will be highest this week
This map shows where the Palisades fire is burning in Pacific Palisades
This map shows where the Palisades fire is burning in Pacific Palisades
Eaton fire evacuations expand into Pasadena, Altadena, Arcadia and Sierra Madre
Eaton fire evacuations expand into Pasadena, Altadena, Arcadia and Sierra Madre
This map shows where the Sunset fire is burning in the Hollywood Hills
This map shows where the Sunset fire is burning in the Hollywood Hills
5 dead as Eaton fire explodes to 10,600 acres — hundreds of structures destroyed or damaged
5 dead as Eaton fire explodes to 10,600 acres — hundreds of structures destroyed or damaged
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back
TRENDING NATIONALLY
5 dead in California fire as it explodes to 10,600 acres — 100 structures burned
Jimmy Carter federal holiday: What’s open, what’s closed Jan. 9 for National Day of Mourning
Gas and weed and go? Judge says Florida regulators were OK nipping plan in the bud
Tattoo artist sentenced to federal prison for buying and selling stolen body parts
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
MORE IN MLB
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Tyler Skaggs’ family, Angels battle over cell phones as wrongful death trial looms
Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Reds
Widow of late Padres chairman Peter Seidler sues two of husband’s brothers over control of team
Teoscar Hernández, Dodgers thrilled to reunite on 3-year, $66M deal
2024
October
16
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Obituary
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT OC REGISTER
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work With Us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
CONTACT US
Corrections
OC Register Store
Reader Rewards
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
PARTNERS
Live Traffic Map
Newspapers in Education
Sponsor a Student
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ocregister.com/2024/10/16/alcs-guardians-look-for-lift-as-they-prepare-to-face-yankees-in-0-2-hole/ 
 ----- 
