Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
LIVE UPDATES
20 arrested for looting as wildfires rip through Los Angeles
JOEL SHERMAN
MLB
 
NEW YORK YANKEES
After a weak postseason, Aaron Judge is unleashed — could this put an end to all Yankees postseason drama?
By Joel Sherman
Published Oct. 16, 2024, 12:05 a.m. ET
110

Stephen Vogt made the right choice. Still it was stunning. Still it was, at the least, a little insulting to Aaron Judge.

The Guardians manager had decided to treat ALCS Game 2 as close to an elimination affair as possible and steer with aggressiveness in that direction.

So as the second inning unfolded and the Yankees opened with three straight hits to take a 2-0 lead in trying to take a commanding two-nothing lead in this best-of-seven, Vogt already was warming his best set-up man, Cade Smith.

4
Aaron Judge rips a two-run homer in the seventh inning to help lead the Yankees to a 6-3 win over the Guardians in Game 2 of the ALCS.
Corey Sipkin / New York Post

And when Gleyber Torres popped out to make it one down with second and third, Vogt decided he had to do everything possible to keep the Yankees from scoring even that third run. After all, in the first seven games this year against the Yankees, including the ALCS opener, Cleveland had managed just 15 runs without the help of an extra-inning ghost runner.

Multiple Yankees described what came next as “pick your poison.” But in October 2024, Juan Soto had been way more lethal than Judge, a way tougher out, definitely more likely to deliver a run from third. So Vogt walked Soto to face the hitting monster who was pitched around and intentionally walked more than anyone this season.

“You want to try to get two outs with one pitch,” Vogt said. “You want to try to find a way to get out of that inning.”

The previous day in the NLCS, the Dodgers loaded the bases intentionally in front of Mark Vientos, who said he was insulted by it and responded with a grand slam that keyed a Game 2 Mets victory. Judge insisted he did not feel disrespected.

He did lift a sacrifice fly to make it 3-0. It should not be ignored that it came on a 1-2 pitch from a terrific righty in Smith because Judge is still hitless in his last 21 postseason at-bats when the count reached two strikes.

But the Yankees needed more from Judge. He is their bellwether. As he goes, so often goes the offense and the team. The Yankees have been winning this postseason, but not overly impressively. They are a homer-hitting team and through five postseason games and six innings of ALCS Game 2, they had just five homers and only the first — a two-runner by Torres in the Division Series opener — had not been a solo shot. It is why the Yankees could not open up a game.

4
Aaron Judge is all smiles as he rounds the bases after he hits a two-run homer in the seventh inning of the Yankees’ Game 2 win on Oct. 15, 2024.
Jason Szenes / New York Post

And then Judge came up with one on and one out in the seventh with a 4-2 lead. Another tough righty, Hunter Gaddis, threw a 1-1 fastball and Judge hit the hardest ball of this game, 111.3 mph on a towering shot to right-center. It landed in the netting 414 feet away. The Yankees finally had breathing room in this postseason against an overmatched AL Central foe. It helped render Jose Ramirez’s solo homer in the ninth meaningless in a 6-3 triumph.

But it is more than that.

“It just feels right [when Judge stars],” Clay Holmes said. “He’s such a big part of the organization. It’s one of those things where, no matter what’s happened, last at-bat, last 50 at-bats, you know who he’s going to be eventually, and you have a lot of confidence in it. There’s never a time we are doubting him.”

4
Aaron Judge hits a sacrifice fly off Chase Smith during the second inning of the Yankees’ Game 2 win.
Robert Sabo for New York Post

Yes, but October slumps are different from what Judge experienced in April, when there was a long season ahead to erase a slide. Judge did so with 58 homers and what likely will be a second AL MVP. At this time of year, though, your season can end quickly and legacies could go one way or the other just as fast.

Judge was 3-for-15 in this postseason, homerless with one RBI. He had a .204 batting average through 49 postseason games. For the fifth time this postseason on Tuesday, Torres and Soto opened a first inning with hits, passing the baton to Judge to break a game open right away. He failed the first four and here he hit an infield pop-up that shortstop Brayan Rocchio dropped to allow Torres to score.

4
A smiling Aaron Judge is congratulated by teammates after hitting a two-run homer in the seventh inning of the Yankees’ win.
Corey Sipkin / New York Post

Still it left Judge 1-for-his-last-22 with runners in scoring position in the playoffs. That certainly provided more information for Vogt to walk Soto and go after Judge in the second inning. And it brought greater resonance to Judge breaking the game open later. Judge insisted that he doesn’t “make any moment too big” even at this time of year. But for the Yankees to get from five postseason wins to 11 and The Canyon of Heroes, they so badly need that Judge homer to be a launching point for him to carry them.

“It was a big swing to kind of give us that cushion,” Aaron Boone said. “I think the bench was pretty pumped when that happened.”

110

What do you think? Post a comment.

Of course, they were pumped. Judge is the captain, the most fearsome player in the sport and a catalyst. As he goes, so often the Yankees follow. He finally went over the fence in ALCS Game 2. It was worth two runs and breathing room, but will it be worth so much more because it was the start of a Judge tear?

FILED UNDER AARON JUDGE  CLEVELAND GUARDIANS  MLB PLAYOFFS  NEW YORK YANKEES  SPORTS COLUMNISTS  10/16/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Details Spill Out About Lala Kent & Jessica Walter's Drama
Bravotv.com
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
Tragic Details About Fox News Anchor Harris Faulkner
NickiSwift.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
Diddy's Lawsuit Explodes As List Of Celebrities Revealed
Thenerdstash.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/10/16/sports/yankees-aaron-judge-can-take-deep-breath-now-after-long-awaited-homer/ 
 ----- 
