The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Cubs getting offensive lift from defense-first catcher Yan Gomes
Notes: The Cubs put Jeimer Candelario on the 10-day IL Tuesday. Top prospect Pete Crow-Armstrong started in center field.
By  Maddie Lee   Sept 13, 2023, 1:06am UTC

The Cubs’ Yan Gomes hits an RBI single in the sixth inning against the Colorado Rockies on Monday.

Dustin Bradford/Getty Images

SHARE
COPY LINK

DENVER — Catcher Yan Gomes’ clutch at-bat in the ninth inning that lifted the Cubs past the Rockies 5-4 on Monday was a familiar sight. A double-steal put two men in scoring position, then Gomes lined a two-run single into left-center field.

‘‘Honestly, put the ball in the air,’’ Gomes said of his approach. ‘‘Especially after they stole, you try to simplify it as much as you can.’’

It was Gomes’ third hit of the night and gave him three RBI in the game. His offense has ticked up this season compared to his first with the Cubs. It’s a pattern that also bore out when he transitioned from Cleveland to the Nationals in the middle of his career.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
The Cubs' 'Sandberg Game' started an amazing run
He followed the Cubs as a kid battling cancer, but now he's covered up his tattoo
Cubs edge Mets 1-0 with game-ending double play by Ian Happ, Nick Madrigal and Miguel Amaya
Cubs injury updates: Seiya Suzuki '80% ready to get back on the field'
How the Cubs adjusted their lineup to face Mets left-hander Sean Manaea
Cubs lose to Mets 4-2 as errors add up, offense slows
LATEST STORIES
Blackhawks' loss to Oilers puts them off-track in new segment-based approach
José 'Cha Cha' Jiménez, human rights activist and former chair of Young Lords organization, dead at 76
Andrew Pohlman's toughness sets the tone in Oswego East's win against crosstown rival Oswego
At least 1 person dead after Metra train strikes vehicle in Norwood Park
Man fatally shot during domestic argument in South Chicago
THE LATEST
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Sunday, January 12, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 12, 2025, 6:01am UTC
ENTERTAINMENT AND CULTURE
SOL Collective performers share power of music through personal stories
Storytelling group SOL Collective amplifies the voices and experiences of women of color. Its latest event, “Last Night a DJ Saved My Life,” took place Saturday at the Promontory in Hyde Park.
By Erica Thompson  Jan 12, 2025, 1:09am UTC
COLLEGE SPORTS
Local college hoops roundup: No. 13 Illinois falls to USC at home
The upset snapped the Illini’s five-game winning streak. Elsewhere, Loyola and DePaul lost big, and UIC lost to Bradley in the final seconds.
By AP  Jan 11, 2025, 11:23pm UTC
CHICAGO
City tree recycling program opens, some sites offering free mulch
Chicago residents can drop off their live or natural trees at one of the city’s 27 locations starting Saturday until Jan. 25. All ornaments, lights or other decorations, as well as tree stands or plastic bags for transport must be removed before the tree is dropped off.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 11, 2025, 10:21pm UTC
HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL
'I haven't coached anyone like her': Aubrey Galvan leads Loyola past Montini
“It’s so special to be on the court with a player like Aubrey,” said senior forward Grace Bronski, who had seven points and six rebounds. “I always tell her to snap before she throws me the ball because I never know what’s coming.
By Kyle Williams  Jan 11, 2025, 10:05pm UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2023/9/12/23871168/cubs-getting-offensive-lift-defense-first-catcher-yan-gomes-pete-crow-armstrong-jeimer-candelario-il 
 ----- 
