Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
Cubs News: Pete Crow-Armstrong is making his first career start
By Vincent Parise | Sep 12, 2023
DENVER, CO - SEPTEMBER 11: Pete Crow-Armstrong #52 of the Chicago Cubs waves to supporters after appearing in his Major League debut in a game against the Colorado Rockies at Coors Field on September 11, 2023 in Denver, Colorado. (Photo by Dustin Bradford/Getty Images) /

The Chicago Cubs are in the middle of an awesome playoff race in the National League. They have a chance to win the division which would be nice, but the wildcard seems more likely at this point.

They are not gonna get either of the byes so it honestly doesn’t matter as long as they get in. No matter who they play it is going to be a challenge to get to the next round but they believe they have the team that could possibly do it.

The Cubs gave themselves a boost on Monday afternoon when they called up their number one Prospect Pete Crow-Armstrong. He was the return in a trade with the New York Mets back in 2021. The Mets got Javier Baez in the deal.

Most people consider PCA to be a top 20 prospect in the world. Clearly, the Mets gave up a lot for a couple of months of Javier Baez just to not even make the playoffs. They would take that trade back if they could.

Pete Crow Armstrong has joined the Chicago Cubs which is very exciting to see.

On Tuesday night PCA was not in the starting lineup for the Chicago Cubs but he did pinch run later in the game. He didn’t get an at-bat but he did get the feeling of being involved in a game.

On Tuesday, however, PCA is going to be making his first career start in Major League Baseball. Obviously, this is a huge moment for both him and his family. This is what both the Cubs and Pete hope is the beginning of something great.

PCA is going to be batting 8th and playing centerfield in this game. That is obviously a good starting point for him at this stage of his career. It is going to be awesome to see what he does in his first full game.

The Cubs made a couple of good movies at the trade deadline but there is always a need for more good players.

That is especially true for a team hoping to end up making the playoffs and possibly even making a run in the postseason. The Cubs are acting like a serious franchise that cares about winning which is refreshing to see in this town.

If this is the type of prospect that hits the ground running when he reaches the big leagues the Cubs will be an even more lethal team that nobody will want to play once the calendar switches to October. Hopefully, he reaches his potential and things go as well as it seems they will.

RELATED STORY: Justin Steele deserves to win the Cy Young
Home
/
Chicago Cubs
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://dawindycity.com/2023/09/12/cubs-news-pete-crow-armstrong-making-first-career-start/ 
 ----- 
