Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
LIVE
Palisades fire burns nearly 24K acres as firefighters clash with inferno near celeb-filled enclave; total death toll rises to 16
MLB
Umpire Brian O’Nora leaves Cubs-Rockies game mid-inning in wild scene
By Christian Arnold
Published Sep. 12, 2023, 8:22 p.m. ET
125
EXPLORE MORE
Frances Tiafoe has been fined $120,000 but not suspended for cursing at a tennis umpire
Yankees were on wrong side of brutal World Series Game 1 strike zone
‘Awful’ umpire torched for brutal strike zone in Yankees-Dodgers World Series Game 1

An MLB umpire left a game at Coors Field on Monday night mid-inning — never to return — in a truly odd situation. 

The weird scene occurred during the top of the third inning of the Cubs-Rockies game when home plate umpire Brian O’Nora paused play and proceeded to run into the dugout. 

The action was halted for 15 minutes while second base umpire Tom Hanahan took over behind the plate.

When play resumed, the game finished with just three umpires, and O’Nora never went back behind the plate. 

An official explanation never came, but ESPN reported O’Nora was not feeling well.

He did not work Tuesday’s game and was replaced by Brian Walsh, who was the second base umpire during the Rockies’ 6-4 win.

“He was sick. I think he was throwing up or something,” Rockies starter Kyle Freeland told the Denver Post after the game. “It’s never happened to me. I can’t recall ever having a home plate umpire get knocked out, like with a foul ball or anything like that, and have to switch.

Home plate umpire Brian O’Nora (7) inspects the glove of Rockies starting pitcher Kyle Freeland in the second inning against the Cubs at Coors Field on Sept. 11, 2023.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

“Not while I’m pitching at least.”

The Cubs went on to win the game, 5-4, and they entered Tuesday night two games up for the second wild-card spot in the National League.

125

What do you think? Post a comment.

O’Nora, who has been an umpire in the majors since 1992, has worked three different All-Star Games (2000, 2010, 2019) and one World Series (2012).

FILED UNDER COLORADO ROCKIES  CUBS  UMPIRES  9/12/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/12/umpire-brian-onora-leaves-cubs-rockies-game-mid-inning/ 
 ----- 
