Your privacy choices

We and 841 TCF partners and other partners process personal data such as cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data. Some partners may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest. View a list of partners to see the purposes they believe they have legitimate interest or and how you can object to it. 

We and 841 TCF partners and other partners may use your data for the listed purposes, you can manage your choices by clicking Manage Options. 

You can change your settings at any time, including by withdrawing your consent, by clicking the cog icon at corner or the link at bottom of the page.

Purposes
Store and/or access information on a device
Develop and improve services
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, and audience research
Special Features
Use precise geolocation data
Manage Options
AGREE AND PROCEED
Skip to main content
Home
Blog View
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
MLB
Media
Headlines
Podcast
#pounditSunday, January 12, 2025
Steve Bartman impersonator spotted at Cubs-Rockies game
September 11, 2023
by Renzo Pocholo Salao

Read 2 Comments
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Flipboard
Reddit
LinkedIn
Skype
Email
Article Tags
Steve Bartman

The memory of Steve Bartman’s infamous moment in baseball history continues to live on nearly two decades later. A fan appeared to be impersonating Bartman at Coors Field during the Monday night matchup between the Colorado Rockies and Chicago Cubs in Denver, Colo.

The fan — who sat behind home plate — donned a thick, black sweater with a green collar just like Bartman did. The fan completed the look with a blue Cubs baseball cap, glasses, and a pair of headphones.

@PhilHecken @UniWatch someone behind home plate is dressed like Steve Bartman at tonight’s Cubs-Rockies game in Denver. pic.twitter.com/fYfU7WpSPF

— Will (@wakeyer) September 12, 2023

Bartman has been vilified by the Cubs fan base for over a decade after he reached out to catch what he thought was a foul ball during Game 6 of the 2003 NLCS. The Cubs were five outs away from reaching the World Series for the first time in 58 years.

Cubs outfielder Moises Alou would have likely caught the fly ball hit by Marlins second baseman Luis Castillo had Bartman not interfered. Instead, a Cubs meltdown ensued and they ended up losing the game — and eventually the series.

Bartman is still referenced to this day whenever a fan interferes with a potentially catchable foul ball.

The fan’s impersonation comes just over a month before the 20-year anniversary of the Bartman incident. The Marlins clearly haven’t forgotten about the play either given that they held a classless promotion commemorating the incident.

GET THE BEST OF LBS VIA EMAIL
I want more great sports stories!
SIGN UP TODAY FOR FREE AND GET THE BEST SPORTS CONTENT SENT TO YOUR INBOX.
YOU CAN UNSUBSCRIBE ANYTIME. FOR MORE DETAILS, REVIEW OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
Subscribe 
Loading...
© LB SPORTS MEDIA GROUP INCORPORATED Dedicated to the memory of Nevil Vega
About
Contact Us
Editorial Process
Meet the Staff
Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://larrybrownsports.com/baseball/steve-bartman-impersonator-cubs-rockies/620509 
 ----- 
