Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Support the Guardian
Fund independent journalism with €12 per month
Support us
Sign in
Eur
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Search jobs
Holidays
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Newsletters
Today's paper
Inside the Guardian
The Observer
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Cricket
Rugby union
Tennis
Cycling
F1
Golf
US sports
View image in fullscreen
Sam Curran is congratulated by his teammates after taking the wicket of Glenn Phillips. Photograph: Bradley Kanaris/Getty Images
T20 World Cup
 This article is more than 2 years old
England keep T20 World Cup hopes alive with victory over New Zealand
This article is more than 2 years old
England 179-6; New Zealand 159-6; England win by 20 runs
Curran and Woakes excel with the ball after Buttler’s fifty
Simon Burnton at the Gabba
Tue 1 Nov 2022 12.51 CET
Share
311

Jos Buttler was the mastermind and the master technician as England ripped up both rulebook and form guide in Brisbane to derail New Zealand’s runaway train and reignite their own hopes of winning the T20 World Cup. A game they could not afford to lose was won by 20 runs and will allow them to head for Sydney and their final fixture against Sri Lanka with confidence high and the semi-finals in their sights.

When Buttler won the toss and chose to bat first – a common enough decision by captains across this tournament but one he has rarely come to – it was an indication that he was approaching this game with a fresh outlook. And having hauled his team towards a total of 179 with an innings of 73 off 47 balls – though he was dropped twice, on eight and on 40 – he led them on to the field and produced a display of captaincy that fed to the shredder a template he has often followed to the letter.

T20 World Cup Super 12s: England beat New Zealand by 20 runs – as it happened
Read more

Moeen Ali did not only bowl – for the first time in the tournament – he took the opening over; Mark Wood did not touch the ball until the last over of the powerplay, by which time both Sam Curran and Adil Rashid had had a go. Moeen and Liam Livingstone, who Buttler had acknowledged in the buildup had not been given enough of a chance to influence games with the bat, came in at three and four respectively. This was the night the Elton John tribute band turned in a surprise jazz-funk set.

“To score some runs for the team and then a couple of times you make a decision and it comes off straight away, it’s always nice when that happens,” he said. “You can look at numbers till the cows come home but I think the feel is really important. My own captaincy journey is still pretty young, and as it evolves I think I’ll get even more of a feel for what I like. I came off having batted and thought that Moeen should bowl the first over – I didn’t think that leading into the game, but it’s important to see what’s in front of you, to trust your instincts and your experience.”

By the end even the decisions forced upon him were paying off: Livingstone felt some soreness in his ankle and spent the last few overs off the field, allowing Chris Jordan to come on and take up position at long-on.

View image in fullscreen
Jos Buttler plays a ramp shot during his innings of 73 at the Gabba. Photograph: Chris Hyde-ICC/ICC/Getty Images

Daryl Mitchell and Glenn Phillips duly sent the ball soaring straight to him, and the resulting catches effectively settled the contest. “I said to CJ, I think any time the ball goes up he’d be my No 1 pick in the world to be under it,” Buttler said.

New Zealand’s captain, Kane Williamson, had a few surprises of his own. There had, for example, been much attention in the buildup on the potential for England’s middle-order left-handers to punish his spinners, so Mitchell Santner came on early, Ish Sodhi joined him not long after, and of the first six overs of spin all but two balls were directed at Buttler and Alex Hales, the right-handed openers.

During this period England’s innings lost its way a little, and they scored 37 runs, and only three boundaries, off those first 36 balls of spin. Meanwhile Moeen, whose reputation against spin is unrivalled in this England team, watched from the sidelines, padded up but sitting down. Halfway through their innings England had lost no wickets but scored only 76, and at the drinks break they clearly discussed a change of tack. It was time to go big or go home, and Hales went with option two.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to The Spin

Free weekly newsletter

Subscribe to our cricket newsletter for our writers' thoughts on the biggest stories and a review of the week’s action

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

He reached his half-century off his next ball, top-edged for four, and was out to the one after that, stumped after skipping down the pitch to Santner. For all that England never significantly accelerated, the feeling as their innings ended was that having put themselves in a position to post a genuinely daunting target they never quite got round to it.

On the eve of the game Buttler might have been a bit spooked at the prospect of outmanoeuvring Devon Conway, hero of the Kiwis’ thrashing of Australia; Finn Allen, their powerplay tornado; Phillips, whose century anchored them to victory over Sri Lanka, and the twin terrors of last year’s semi-final, Mitchell and Jimmy Neesham. But of those only Phillips really fired, savaging 62 off 36 after being inexplicably dropped by Moeen when he was on 15. The match finally turned on a run of four wickets in as many overs from as many bowlers, between the 15th and the 18th, of which Phillips’ was the last.

His departure spelt the end for New Zealand, and for England perhaps a new start. For them this was a night when all that mattered was winning, but they emerged from it with fresh confidence in their ability, in their approach – and in their captain.

Explore more on these topics
T20 World Cup
England cricket team
New Zealand cricket team
T20 World Cup 2022
Twenty20
Cricket
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Cricket
Rugby union
Tennis
Cycling
F1
Golf
US sports
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Search UK jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2022/nov/01/england-keep-t20-cricket-world-cup-hopes-alive-with-victory-over-new-zealand 
 ----- 
