Skip to Main Content
OPEN
CLOSE
MENU
Boston.com
Search
SPORTS
CELTICS
JAYSON TATUM
JAYLEN BROWN
PATRIOTS
BRUINS
RED SOX
REVS
RED SOX
Red Sox place Triston Casas on 10-day injured list, recall Bobby Dalbec from Triple-A Worcester
Casas's injury was described as "right shoulder inflammation."
Triston Casas made his way onto the 10-day IL with right shoulder inflammation. AP Photo/Brynn Anderson

By Colin McCarthy

September 16, 2023
1 minute to read
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Email
...
MORE RED SOX
‘I think it’s too soon’: What Alex Cora said about a possible front office role with the Red Sox

Red Sox first baseman Triston Casas was a late scratch from Friday night’s game against the Toronto Blue Jays. On Saturday, Boston placed him on the 10-day injured list, citing right shoulder inflammation.

In a corresponding move, the Red Sox called up infielder Bobby Dalbec from Triple-A Worcester. 

Casas was initially expected to be back in the lineup on Saturday before Boston announced the move. Casas was placed on the IL retroactive to September 15, the first game he missed. 

On Friday, Casas’s ailment was described as “shoulder soreness.” The Red Sox mixed around the lineup to replace him, putting Justin Turner at first and playing Ceddanne Rafaela in the outfield. Rafaela was not originally scheduled to start.

On Saturday, Turner stayed at first and Masataka Yoshida was the designated hitter. Adam Duvall, Wilyer Abreu, and Alex Verdugo made up the outfield. 

ADVERTISEMENT:

The Red Sox have gotten a boost offensively from Casas, who has 113 hits in 132 games this season. He’s second on the team in home runs (24) and fourth in RBIs (60) in his first full season in the major leagues. He will be eligible to return for the Red Sox’ final six games of the season, a pair of games against the Tampa Bay Rays and a four-game series against the Baltimore Orioles.

Dalbec has appeared in 10 games for Boston this season. He was quiet at the plate in each of his outings, but played all over the infield during his major league stint. He has 33 home runs in Worcester this season.

Sign up for Red Sox updates⚾

Get breaking news and analysis delivered to your inbox during baseball season.

Submit your email
Enter your email address
Sign up
Conversation
This discussion has ended. Please join elsewhere on Boston.com
In Related News
Red Sox’ Triston Casas downplays being named in offseason trade rumors
RED SOX
Alex Cora continues to insist Rafael Devers is Red Sox’ 3B, even if they sign Alex Bregman
RED SOX
What color the Red Sox' newest City Connect uniforms will reportedly be
Follow Boston.com on Instagram (Opens in a New Tab)
Follow Boston.com on Twitter (Opens in a New Tab)
Like Boston.com on Facebook (Opens in a New Tab)

©2025 BOSTON GLOBE MEDIA PARTNERS, LLC

Tell Us What You Think
DO NOT SELL MY DATA
GAMBLING DISCLAIMER
PRIVACY POLICY
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
ADVERTISE
TERMS OF SERVICE
MEMBER AGREEMENT
CONTACT US
CAREERS
SITE MAP
Some areas of this page may shift around if you resize the browser window. Be sure to check heading and document order.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 870 partners will store and access information on your device with your consent. Browsing data is collected through the use of cookies to process personal data. You can give or withdraw your consent by clicking on the `Show Purposes` button. You can manage your choices and exercise your right to object on the basis of legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the cog icon at the bottom left corner of every page.Privacy Notice
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.boston.com/sports/boston-red-sox/2023/09/16/red-sox-triston-casas-10-day-injured-list-bobby-dalbec/ 
 ----- 
