X
NBA
Today
3:30 AM
SAS
(18-19)
LAL
(20-16)
Today
8:00 PM
MIL
(20-16)
NYK
(25-14)
Today
8:00 PM
DEN
(22-15)
DAL
(22-16)
NFL
Final
PIT
14
BAL
28
Today
6:00 PM
DEN
(0-0)
BUF
(0-0)
Today
9:30 PM
GB
(0-0)
PHI
(0-0)
NHL
Final/OT
TB
2
NJ
3
Final
VAN
3
TOR
0
Today
10:00 PM
TB
(22-15-3)
PIT
(18-18-8)
NCAAW
Final
11
TCU
69
TTU
43
HOME
>
MLB
Umpire Jordan Baker Exits Blue Jays vs. Red Sox With Concussion After Foul Tips
JACK MURRAY
SEPTEMBER 17, 2023

Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images

It was a tough day in Toronto for MLB umpire Jordan Baker.

Baker, who was working behind the plate Saturday, left the game between the Toronto Blue Jays and the Boston Red Sox in the eighth inning after being on the receiving end of multiple foul tips. As a result, he has entered MLB's concussion protocol. Blue Jays manager John Schneider offered his sympathy in the postgame.

"You hate seeing an umpire get hurt like that," Schneider said, per the Associated Press. "Jordan took a beating today."

Baker notably needed attention in the fourth inning after taking a foul ball from Sox slugger Justin Turner to the left shoulder. His eventual departure in the eighth led to a delay as second base umpire Brennan Miller switched into the gear and the game continued with three umpires.

Baker will be missing from Sunday's series finale at minimum. The Blue Jays defeated the Red Sox 4-3 in 13 innings.

B/R Recommends

Shohei Ohtani Rumors: Star 'Expressed Affinity' for Dodgers, Red Sox, Rangers

Preview and Predictions for MLB's Loaded Free-Agent Starting Pitching Market

MLB Rumors: Oakland A's Move to Las Vegas Approved by MLB Owners After Fans' Protests

Yankees' Giancarlo Stanton's Agent Responds to Brian Cashman's Remarks About Injuries

Buying or Selling Early Offseason MLB Trade and Free-Agency Rumors

Red Sox Trade Rumors: Luis Urias Traded to Mariners for Pitcher Isaiah Campbell

Report: MLB Cancels Remainder of GM Meetings After Virus Impacts 'More Than 30' Execs

Padres Owner Peter Seidler Dies at Age 63

Top 11 Landing Spots for Blake Snell in MLB Free Agency

MLB Gold Glove Awards 2023: Full List of Winners and Reaction

AboutAdvertiseContact UsGet HelpCareersSitemapCommunity GuidelinesPrivacyCookie PreferencesTerms Of UseAdChoicesB/R Sports on MAXB/R Creators Program
Copyright © 2025 Bleacher Report, Inc. A Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All Rights Reserved.
Our use of cookies and other technologies
We use cookies on our website to improve your browsing experience. We, ouraffiliates and our 48 partners store and access personal information on your device such as browsing data to gain insight into how the site is being used. You can control your cookie preferences at any time by clicking on the 'Manage Preferences' button.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised content. Create profiles to personalise content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://bleacherreport.com/articles/10089747-umpire-jordan-baker-exits-blue-jays-vs-red-sox-with-concussion-after-foul-tips 
 ----- 
