MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Clayton Kershaw looking to ‘prove to myself that I’m still good enough’
Fabian Ardaya
Sep 16, 2023

119

LOS ANGELES — Clayton Kershaw looked across the clubhouse and laid out plainly how he saw things. He knows the Dodgers’ rotation has been worn down by attrition as it heads toward October.

An Opening Day starter whose locker has since been cleared out. Two others, Dustin May and Tony Gonsolin, were supposed to take a heavy role this season but have since undergone major elbow surgery. The bold idea of Walker Buehler’s return has been dashed. Five rookie pitchers have started games for the Dodgers this season; several could be in the mix come October. The club’s most notable starting pitching acquisition at the trade deadline has the distinction of allowing more home runs this season than any pitcher in the sport.

“Right now, it’s basically Bobby (Miller) and an open tryout to see who can be on the postseason roster from the pitching side,” Kershaw told The Athletic this week.

Miller is just 24 years old, having arrived earlier than expected in May and performing well enough that the longest-tenured Dodger can make assertions about the kid’s playoff outlook without raising an eyebrow.

It’s the rest of Kershaw’s answer that was surprising. Though he’s comfortable calling Miller a lock for the postseason, he stopped short of saying so about himself.

“There’s no egos,” the three-time Cy Young Award winner said. “It doesn’t matter about your track record, what you have done. It’s about who’s pitching good. I have to prove it. Lance (Lynn) has to prove it. We all have to prove it, that we deserve to pitch in October. That’s what these last few weeks are about. Winning a World Series trumps everything else anyway. That’s what we’re all here for.”

	Clayton Kershaw’s shoulder is an issue, but Freddie Freeman said: “First-ballot Hall of Famers figure it out.” ( Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images)

Kershaw has seen that mountaintop and the peak of dominance and maintained it. He has evolved yet remained devotedly tied to what has made him excellent. He is measured with his words, particularly about himself. Taking a bird’s-eye view of his latest campaign, he has unquestionably been the Dodgers’ best pitcher when he’s been on the mound. He’s on pace to start his most games in a season since 2019. Most years, especially given the state of the Dodgers’ pitching staff, he would fight you for suggesting he wouldn’t fit prominently into the Dodgers’ October plans.

Not this year, Kershaw said. He sat at his locker, fresh off an extended bullpen after having his start pushed back to give him nine days’ rest and sort out what he will concede has been a taxing stretch. The left-hander has a 2.61 ERA over 21 starts, but a shoulder concern and an alarming drop in velocity leave Kershaw feeling like he has something to prove.

“After the way I pitched last game,” Kershaw said. “I look at it as an open tryout. I really do. It makes the games more meaningful going down the stretch. Looking forward to the challenge. I think for myself personally, I need it to prove to myself that I’m still good enough.”

That last start, in Miami, came with an admission from manager Dave Roberts that Kershaw is still not 100 percent with the left shoulder issue that cost him more than a month this summer. At age 35, he had been pitching brilliantly through June, allowing one hit through six innings at Coors Field before removing himself with a shoulder he described as “cranky.” What was billed as a short absence was extended after Kershaw underwent an MRI with Dr. Neal ElAttrache during the All-Star break. Kershaw and the Dodgers haven’t specified what the issue is, though Kershaw has insisted he isn’t dealing with any discomfort (an assessment he repeated again this week).

But the toll of whatever is bothering him has left Kershaw critical of his own performance. While his velocity appeared normal upon his return, it has dropped dramatically in recent starts. He threw 84 pitches at loanDepot Park and not one of them registered 90 mph or faster. In his preceding start, he’d thrown just eight pitches logged 90 mph or harder.

He’s also lost his command. Kershaw walked five that night in Miami after walking three in his previous start against Arizona. In five starts since returning from the injured list, Kershaw hasn’t surpassed five innings. He has still made it through five innings in all of his starts not shortened by rain and hasn’t allowed more than three runs in any appearance — a testament to Kershaw’s ability to make his arsenal work, no matter what it looks like.

“First-ballot Hall of Famers figure it out,” Freddie Freeman remarked recently.

“He is relentless in his pursuit for excellence,” Roberts said this week. “Even when he’s not at his best, he never makes any excuse. When most people would just punt or make excuses, he’s just not going to be denied.”

That Kershaw is battling through this hasn’t come as a surprise to those who have been around him, though Roberts acknowledged that this search is “weighing on him.” A bullpen session Tuesday was a means of working through what the Dodgers and pitching coach Mark Prior could do mechanically to restore some of Kershaw’s velocity or command. He has remained as fastidious to his routines as ever. Kershaw emerged at his locker in a mop of sweat, quick to deliver a reassurance that he feels good enough to pitch. He steered the conversation toward his ability to execute.

This stretch has remained challenging nonetheless.

“I’m not gonna lie, it’s been hard,” Kershaw said. “It’s been hard mentally. You just kind of feel like a shell of yourself at times. But it’s worth it. It’s worth it in the end. I still enjoy it. I still enjoy the grind of it. I still enjoy trying to be at my best every single time. That part doesn’t change. It just might be a little bit harder to get there.

“For me, it’s all about performance at this point. Health is irrelevant. It’s just about performing well to be able to be a part of it. So that’s what I’m trying to do.”

(Photo of Clayton Kershaw: Gary A. Vasquez / USA Today)

Fabian Ardaya is a staff writer covering the Los Angeles Dodgers for The Athletic. He previously spent three seasons covering the crosstown Los Angeles Angels for The Athletic. He graduated from Arizona State University’s Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication in May 2017 after growing up in a Phoenix-area suburb. Follow Fabian on Twitter @FabianArdaya

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4867384/2023/09/16/dodgers-clayton-kershaw-still-good-enough/ 
 ----- 
