Skip to content
LWOS HOME
AMERICAN LEAGUE
NATIONAL LEAGUE
MILB
FANTASY
BETTING
SHOP
Sports. Honestly. Since 2011
Chad Green Continues To Show Consistency In The Bullpen
September 17, 2023
Vanessa Serrao

Chad Green continues to show consistency for the Toronto Blue Jays by putting up scoreless innings. He has bounced back since his first outing after returning from the IL. It is essential for Toronto that their bullpen be consistent, especially at this point in the season. The Jays continue to fight to remain in a playoff spot, so every win is important for them. The bullpen has mostly risen to the occasion this season. Guys like Tim Mayza, Yimi Garcia, and Erik Swanson have been consistent for the Jays for most of the year. Green is working his way to joining this list. If he can continue to pitch well, he could be an important piece of the puzzle for the Jays’ success in making the postseason.

Chad Green’s Consistency Remains Impressive
Consistency Is Key

#TorontoSports FINAL (#MLB); 9/16/2023

#BlueJays (82-67) : @RedSox (74-75) (F/13)
WP: #ChadGreen (3-0)
LP: #MauricioLlovera (1-3)
Next: 9/17 ️ #DirtyWater#WhitMerrifield walkoff hit saves #VladJR from base running gaffe!#NextLevel #RedSox #Alex6ixSport https://t.co/N0NnzP6DWa

— @Alex6ixSports (@alex6ixsports) September 16, 2023

Green has continued to find his groove in the bullpen and picked up his third win of the season on Saturday, helping the Jays to a 4-3 victory over the Boston Red Sox. Green is looking more confident and comfortable on the mound.  Getting ahead in the count, not racking up your pitch count, and putting up as many scoreless innings as possible are all important. Green has fared well at these goals recently. He has been getting more playing time, and he’s also been pitching more innings.

Although Green has an ERA of 9.00, that figure has gone down from 21.60 on September 3rd. If he continues to pitch well, he could keep giving himself a more respectable ERA. Let’s keep in mind that he missed most of the season due to recovery from Tommy John surgery. But Green, for most of his career, has shown consistency, going back to when he pitched for the New York Yankees.

[metabet_core_game_tile query=”530858″ size=”350×300″ site_id=”lastwordonsports”]

Never Forget About the Bullpen

Having a strong bullpen makes a big difference. As a reliever, you want to keep your team in games. When you are finding yourself in a jam as a reliever and are able to get out of it, it makes a big difference. This is especially true in close games. Every pitch and everything that happens in the late innings of a game is crucial. One wild pitch could cost you a run. Green has had a nice command of the strike zone, and fans have been content with his performance so far this season with the Jays.

Although it is a small sample size, many expected him to gain his confidence back. The Jays signed Green back on January 31st of this year. It is nice for Toronto not to have to face Chad Green anymore. He was dominant against the Jays when he pitched for the Yankees. Green will most likely be pitching against his former team in their upcoming series. It will be impressive if he can shut down his former team.

Green for the Win

No pitcher is ever perfect in baseball, and you always hope for the best. Plus, it’s never easy when a player has to go through a long recovery from an injury. While Tommy John surgery is common for pitchers, and you can recover, it takes time. While relievers don’t pitch as much as starters, they still pitch a lot. Overall, whenever you’re away from the big leagues for a significant period of time, it takes time to get back into the swing of things. Chad Green has shown us, for the most part, that he has strong potential as a 32-year-old pitcher in the bullpen for the Jays. The season has, without question, been impacted by injuries, but getting Green back from the IL has been a big positive for the Jays.

 

Photo Credit: Dan Hamilton-USA TODAY Sports

Vanessa Serrao
Vanessa is a freelance baseball writer for Last Word On Baseball. She is also an author and is pursuing a career in sports journalism. She loves the Toronto Blue Jays, but covers MLB breaking news.
Share:
More Posts
Five Third Base Upgrades For The Seattle Mariners

An important box to check on the shopping list for Seattle Mariners President of Baseball Ops Jerry Dipoto is third base. Dipoto and Co. let

Pete Crow-Armstrong Could Become Breakout Star With Better Bat In 2025

Chicago Cubs outfielder Pete Crow-Armstrong (PCA) has been named among the ten potential breakout stars of 2025, according to a report by David Adler at

Félix Mantilla, Infielder Who Broke Up Harvey Haddix’s Perfect Game, Has Passed Away

Félix Mantilla, who played every infield and outfield position for four major league teams in 11 seasons, has passed away. Mantilla is best known for

Nationals Bolster Bullpen By Signing Jorge López

After a season of mysterious highs and lows, one veteran reliever is getting a chance at a fresh start in D.C. As reported by Ken

Send Us A Message
Full Name
Phone
Email
Send
Five Third Base Upgrades for the Seattle Mariners

January 11, 2025

An important box to check on the shopping list for Seattle Mariners President of Baseball Ops Jerry Dipoto is third base. Dipoto and Co. let almost their entire 2024 infield walk, but they have yet to make any replacements. In 2024, the Mariners struggled to lock down a replacement for Eugenio Suárez. A fan favorite, Suárez was traded by Seattle in the offseason to cut down on strikeouts. After leaving Seattle, Suarez had his least amount of strikeouts since 2021. While Josh Rojas was an excellent defender, he wasn’t exactly the power presence Seattle needed. With almost an entire infield […]

Pete Crow-Armstrong Could Become Breakout Star with Better Bat in 2025

January 11, 2025

Chicago Cubs outfielder Pete Crow-Armstrong (PCA) has been named among the ten potential breakout stars of 2025, according to a report by David Adler at MLB.com. Arriving in April after the injury to center fielder Cody Bellinger, PCA immediately impressed manager Craig Counsell and his staff. Forcing his way into the everyday lineup after being called up on May 30, the rookie was, at times, a human highlight reel. With elite speed, arm strength, and throwing accuracy, Crow-Armstrong is already a highly prized player. But as Adler points out, true stardom awaits the 22-year-old if he can figure out how […]

Félix Mantilla, Infielder Who Broke up Harvey Haddix’s Perfect Game, Has Passed Away

January 11, 2025

Félix Mantilla, who played every infield and outfield position for four major league teams in 11 seasons, has passed away. Mantilla is best known for breaking up Harvey Haddix’s perfect game in the bottom of the 13th inning on May 26, 1959, and being a member of the 1962 New York Mets team that lost 120 games. He was 90 years old. Félix Mantilla Has Passed Away Mantilla, one of the first Puerto Ricans to play in the majors, played for the Milwaukee Braves (1956-61), Mets (1962), Boston Red Sox (1963-65), and Houston Astros (1966). The right-handed batter played seven […]

Nationals Bolster Bullpen by Signing Jorge López

January 11, 2025

After a season of mysterious highs and lows, one veteran reliever is getting a chance at a fresh start in D.C. As reported by Ken Rosenthal of The Athletic and Jon Heyman at the New York Post, the Washington Nationals will sign Jorge López to a one-year contract worth $3 million, “plus incentives.”  With the signing, the Nationals add bullpen strength. Right-hander Amos Willingham was designated for assignment to make room for López on the 40-man roster. Jorge Lopez to the Nats. $3M plus incentives @Ken_Rosenthal 1st — Jon Heyman (@JonHeyman) January 11, 2025 The 31-year-old journeyman spent the second […]

Role of Red Sox Pitcher Highlighted in Recent Statement

January 11, 2025

Boston Red Sox pitcher Garrett Whitlock has confirmed that he will be returning to the bullpen for the upcoming season. This is positive news for the Red Sox, as a healthy Whitlock as a middle reliever is a beneficial luxury for them to have. Whitlock will be looking to return to his 2021 form, where he thrived as a reliever. In 2021, he sported an 8-4 record with a 1.96 ERA across 73.1 innings pitched. While Whitlock has pitched as a starter, considering the numerous injuries he has gone through in his career with the Red Sox, he is better […]

Load More
Application
Current Openings
Writing FAQ
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://lastwordonsports.com/baseball/2023/09/17/chad-green-consistency-bullpen/ 
 ----- 
