Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Toronto Blue Jays Closer Moving Up American League All-Time Ranks After Latest Save
By registering his 35th save of the season on Friday night, Toronto Blue Jays closer Jordan Romano moved up an impressive list in American League history.
Brady Farkas | Sep 16, 2023
Toronto Blue Jays Closer Moving Up American League All-Time Ranks After Latest Save /
In this story:
Toronto Blue Jays

After getting swept by the Texas Rangers this week, the Toronto Blue Jays rebounded in a big way on Friday night, shutting out the Boston Red Sox 3-0.

The win moved the Jays to 81-67 on the season and pulled them within 0.5 games of the third and final wild card spot in the American League. They are just behind the Seattle Mariners for that spot.

Vladimir Guerrero Jr. provided the offense in the win, hitting a three-run homer, but closer Jordan Romano made a little American League history with his 35th save of the year.

Per @StatsCentre:

Most times reaching the 35 save mark - American League pitcher within their first 5 career seasons: 

4- Jonathan Papelbon 

3- Mariano Rivera 

3- Kazuhiro Sasaki 

3- Roberto Osuna 

2- Jordan Romano (Via closing out tonight's 3-0 @BlueJays victory vs the Red Sox) 

2- Thirteen others tied

While several players have done this twice, it's still impressive to put yourself in the company of All-Stars, and a Hall of Famer (in Rivera's case).

Romano is 5-5 this season with a 2.55 ERA after closing out the victory. He's struck out 66 batters in 53.0 innings. His 35 saves come even as he spent time on the injured list right after the All-Star break.

The Blue Jays and Red Sox will play again on Saturday afternoon at Rogers Centre.

First pitch is set for 3:07 p.m. ET as Red Sox left-hander Chris Sale will go up against Jays' veteran Chris Bassitt.

Sale is 6-4 with a 4.88 ERA while Bassitt is 14-8 with a 3.83.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Check out more Toronto Blue Jays coverage at Sports Illustrated and FanNation's Inside the Blue Jays.

Published Sep 16, 2023
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/toronto-blue-jays-closer-jordan-romano-moving-up-all-time-list-in-american-league-history-by-having-two-seasons-of-35-saves-in-first-five-years 
 ----- 
