We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1467 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE
WNBA
WNBA: Rhyne Howard, Satou Sabally set wild scoring record in Wings-Dream clash

Rhyne Howard and Satou Sabally have set a remarkable WNBA scoring record that has never been seen before in Game 1 of the Wings-Dream series.

By 

Krutik Jain

Sep 16, 2023 at 1:34 AM ET

In a thrilling playoff clash, the Dallas Wings took the game from the Atlanta Dream by outscoring them in the fourth quarter. Amid the intense battle, Rhyne Howard and Satou Sabally set a WNBA scoring record that has never been seen before.

The Dream had a blast in the first quarter after scoring 36 points as opposed to the Wings' 21 points. Atlanta controlled much of the game and had the lead going into the fourth quarter, but then they outscored by the Wings 27-12, allowing the home team to take the 94-82 victory.

Sabally led the way for Dallas with 32 points on 11-of-20 shooting. She also recorded  five rebounds, four assists, and four steals. On the other hand, Howard dropped 36 points on 13-of-29 shooting, while adding four rebounds, two assists, and three steals. In the process, they became the first opposing players in WNBA history to record at least 30 points and three steals in a single game. That has never been done before–be it in the regular season or playoffs–until Sunday, per ESPN Stats & Info.

ESPN Stats & Info
@ESPNStatsInfo
·
Follow

Rhyne Howard and Satou Sabally both put up 30+ points and 3 steals tonight.

It’s the first time in WNBA history two opponents have recorded 30 points and 3 steals in a game in the playoffs or regular season.

3:58 AM · Sep 16, 2023
46
Reply
Copy link
Read 3 replies
Expand Tweet
Related News
Article continues below
Wings’ Chris Koclanes reveals plans to help Arike Ogunbowale reach ‘next level’
2d
Satou Sabally planning shocking Wings departure
2d
Wings waive center in intriguing roster move before free agency
1 w
Wings’ Arike Ogunbowale leaves opponents with nightmares at 5v5 run
1M

For what it's worth, while Satou Sabally and Rhyne Howard starred for their respective teams, they also got some huge help in the all-important Wings-Dream clash. Arike Ogunbowale had a big night for Dallas as well, recording  24 points, nine rebounds, and seven assists in the winning cause. For the Dream, Allisha Gary tallied 21 points, seven boards, and two dimes.

The Wings completed the regular season with a record of 22-18 and finished second in the Western Conference, trailing only the Las Vegas Aces. Meanwhile, the  Dream finished the regular season in third place in the Eastern Conference with a record of 19-21. All eyes will be on Atlanta as they look to even the series in Game 2.

The two teams will face on Tuesday night at College Park Center for Game 2.

Krutik is a versatile sports writer with a deep passion for NFL, Cricket, NBA, MLB, and various other sports. With an inquisitive mind and a love for storytelling, Krutik has successfully carved out a career in the world of sports journalism, offering valuable insights and analysis to avid sports fans worldwide. Through his work, Krutik aims to contribute to the vibrant sports community, fostering a deeper appreciation and understanding of the games we all cherish.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Jeff Teague responds to A’ja Wilson’s Josh Hart 1-on-1 claim with controversial take
1 week ago
WNBA free agency: Key dates, best players available on the open market
2 days ago
Coco Gauff makes huge move with Unrivaled league
3 days ago
Jeff Teague responds to sexist comments about Angel Reese on Club 520 podcast
1 week ago
Angel Reese posts cryptic response following Charleston White’s sexist comments
1 week ago
Charleston White slammed after sexist comments on Angel Reese, WNBA
1 week ago
Magic Johnson praises Caitlin Clark, Angel Reese in recent comparisons
2 weeks ago
WNBA sets date for historic game ahead of Toronto debut
3 weeks ago
WNBA Toronto team president’s bold ‘global’ ambition
4 weeks ago
WNBA star Brittany Griner reacts to wife joining Alpha Kappa Alpha
1 month ago
Angel Reese’s unfiltered take on inaugural season of Unrivaled League
1 month ago
Toronto’s new WNBA team confirms name, logo after leak snafu
1 month ago
Satou Sabally
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/wnba-news-dreams-rhyne-howard-wings-satou-sabally-set-wild-scoring-record-never-seen-before-in-history 
 ----- 
