This site asks for consent to use your data

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Manage Options
Consent
Skip to content
Home
News
Geingob’s Funeral
Live
Crime
Politics
Health
Popular
Youth Central
Obituaries
Environment
Features
Photo of the Day
Energy Centre
Corrections
National
Elections
Business
Economy
Personal Finance
Real Estate
Management Tips
Opinions
Entrepreneurs
Tenders
Competitions
Multimedia
Desert Radio
Podcast
Video
Opinions
Editorials
Opinions
Letters
Cartoons
Speeches and Statements
Manifestos 2024
Lifestyle
Entertainment
Fashion
WhatsOn
Travel
TopRevs
Faces at Places
Food
Tourism
Investigative Unit
All Reports
Fishrot
Special Reports
Multimedia
Profiles
About Us
Sport
Football
Boxing
Cricket
Rugby
Tennis
Athletics
Cycling
Hockey
General
Supplements
Oshiwambo
Subscribe Now
Digital Subscription
Search
Senegal win, Tunisia draw to lead World Cup qualifying groups
Deon Hotto of Namibia challenges Hamza Mathlouthi of Tunisia during their Fifa World Cup Qualifier 2026 match at Orlando Stadium on the 09 June 2024 in Soweto Johannesburg. BackpagePix

By AFP

9 June 2024

Senegal got back on the winning trail and Tunisia surrendered a perfect record as the fourth round of 2026 World Cup qualifiers in Africa kicked off on Sunday.

Saudi Arabia-based Habib Diallo headed the first-half goal that gave Senegal a 1-0 Group B victory away to west African neighbours Mauritania in Nouakchott, and first place.

A run of three straight wins by Group H leaders Tunisia ended when they drew 0-0 away to Namibia, who played in South Africa because the country does not have a FIFA-approved stadium.

Meschak Elia scored a superb goal as the Democratic Republic of Congo followed up a creditable midweek draw in Senegal by edging Togo 1-0 in Kinshasa.

Liberia snatched a last-minute 1-0 win over Sao Tome e Principe and Djibouti and Ethiopia drew 1-1 in other matches.

Mauritania and DR Congo were the only countries able to play in front of their supporters with Sao Tome and Djibouti, like Namibia, lacking international-standard venues.

Goals were scarce with the five matches producing just five. The best came from winger Elia, who plays his club football in Switzerland.

Collecting the ball just inside the Togo half, he dashed down the wing, cut into the area, and beat goalkeeper Wassiou Ouro-Gneni with a lofted shot into the far corner.

Diallo scored a simpler goal, giving Mauritanian goalkeeper Babacar Niasse no chance with a close-range header off a cross.

Senegal, seeking a third consecutive appearance at the World Cup, top the table with eight points, Sudan and DR Congo have seven each, Togo three, South Sudan two and Mauritania one.

Namibia draw again 

The leadership could change on Tuesday as Sudan will regain first place if they win away to South Sudan in the first competitive match between the countries.

Namibia dropped points at ‘home’ for the second successive match, with the dour stalemate against Tunisia coming after a draw with Liberia.

The Namibians thought they had scored on 14 minutes through Charles Hambira, but the referee awarded a free kick to Tunisia for a foul on goalkeeper Bechir Ben Said.

The draws reinforce the view of Namibia coach and former Bundesliga defender Collin Benjamin that not being able to play in Windhoek is a huge blow.

“We cannot hope to qualify for the World Cup when forced to play all 10 qualifying matches on the road,” he says.

liberia left it late to pip Sao Tome with Sheikh Sesay hammering a loose ball into the net in the final minute of regular time in Moroccan city Oujda.

Tunisia, who are seeking a seventh World Cup appearance, lead with 10 points, Namibia have eight, Liberia seven, Malawi six and Equatorial Guinea and Sao Tome none.

Djibouti and Ethiopia scored within two minutes of each other in Moroccan coastal city El Jadida in a clash of the lowest placed teams in Group A, where Egypt hold a four-point lead.

Ghana-born Gabriel Dadzie put Djibouti ahead on 29 minutes with his second goal of the campaign and Minyilu Dibaba levelled.

Stay informed with The Namibian – your source for credible journalism. Get in-depth reporting and opinions for only N$85 a month. Invest in journalism, invest in democracy –
Subscribe Now!

 
 
 
 
Trending Stories
IPC leader’s election case must not give NNN sleepless nights, analysts say
SA woman stuck in Dubai gets over R114 000 in donations to pay off loan after bank offers a discount
Man dies after following frogs into well
Boy drowns near Otjiwarongo on Family Day
Namibian Correctional Service to recruit 200 young people
Latest News
Five housebreaking cases in Windhoek over festive season
29 December 2024
Liberation struggle hero Heikky Shililifa conferred official funeral
28 December 2024
South Africa sends special envoy to Mozambique to address political and security unrest
28 December 2024
Housebreaking incident recorded at Volstruisvlakte
28 December 2024




42 John Meinert Street, Windhoek,Namibia, +264 61 279 600

The Namibian
© All rights reserved.

Get involved
Archive
Subscribe Now
Useful links
Desert Radio
Podcast
Video
Digital Subscription
About the website
Archive
About Us
Contact Us
Oshiwambo
Newsletters
Corrections
Download our app
Android
iOS
Follow us

Unless otherwise indicated, copyright in the content of this website vest in The Free Press of Namibia (Proprietary) Limited (Registration No 85/058). The unauthorized making of copies or use of this material constitutes a copyright infringment under the Namibian Copyright and Neighbouring Rights Protection Act, 1994 (Act No 6 of 1994).

Powered by PageSuite © 2024 The Namibian. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.namibian.com.na/senegal-win-tunisia-draw-to-lead-world-cup-qualifying-groups/ 
 ----- 
