Skip to Main Navigation
Who We Are
PRESS RELEASEJUNE 10, 2024
Guyana to Strengthen Coastal Resilience and Adaptation
Share more

Washington, D.C., June 10, 2024 - The World Bank approved a project to help Guyana adapt to climate change and reduce flood risk in its coastal regions. This initiative is set to benefit around 320,000 people, approximately 40 percent of the country’s population, including the most vulnerable.

Guyana is among the countries most vulnerable to climate change. Studies have shown that rising sea levels, among the highest in the world, expose 100 percent of the country's coastal agriculture and 66.4 percent of its coastal urban areas to flooding and erosion, with potential GDP losses that could exceed 46.4 percent. 

Guyana's coastal drainage system comprises a unique, intricate network of canals, culverts, sluices, and pumps. Over time, its operational capacities have declined due to insufficient investments in maintenance and growing flood risk arising from urbanization and the impacts of climate change. Following the 2005 floods, the government re-emphasized the importance of flood risk management and increased the National Drainage and Irrigation Authority’s budget. 

The new Coastal Adaptation and Resilience Project will build on existing efforts to enhance flood risk management in Guyana. The project will repair or replace more than 45 drainage infrastructure assets, focusing on sluices. Investments will take into consideration projected land uses, population growth, urbanization, and climate change impacts to enhance drainage functionality for efficient rainfall runoff discharge, improve flood protection, and strengthen irrigation services.

“This initiative builds on a long-standing engagement between the World Bank and Guyana on strengthening resilience to flooding and natural hazards. With this operation, we are reinforcing Guyana’s efforts to maximize disaster risk management while protecting lives and reducing inequalities in the long term,” said Diletta Doretti, World Bank Group Resident Representative for Guyana and Suriname.  “This project is also a critical component of Guyana’s Low-Carbon Development Strategy, aligning with the country’s broader vision for climate resilient growth,” she added.

The project will work closely with Guyana’s Ministry of Agriculture to help it  effectively manage and operate the drainage system. It will  upgrade the National Drainage and Irrigation Authority's asset management system, develop technical standards for flood risk management in urban areas, and provide training to enhance personnel capacity for system operation and maintenance.

The US$45 million project is financed by the Guyana REDD+ Investment Fund (GRIF). The GRIF is a financial intermediary fund (FIF) for the financing of activities identified under the Government of Guyana’s Low Carbon Development Strategy (LCDS). The GRIF funds are revenues earned by Guyana for payments for climate services.

Under the agreement, Norway compensates Guyana for curbing greenhouse gas emissions caused by deforestation and forest degradation. Guyana utilizes these revenues for the implementation of its Low Carbon Development Strategy which includes a comprehensive and overarching framework for building resilience to climate change impacts. The Coastal Adaptation and Resilience Project is part of these efforts.    

Learn more about the work of the World Bank in Latin America and the Caribbean:  https://www.worldbank.org/en/country/caribbean
Be updated via Twitter: https://twitter.com/WBCaribbean
And Facebook https://www.facebook.com/worldbankcaribbean

Last Updated: Jun 11, 2024

Contacts
In Kingston, Jamaica
Penny Bowen

+ 1 (876) 861-2468

pbowen@worldbankgroup.org
In Washington:
Yuri Szabo Yamashita

+1 (202) 948-5341

yszaboyamashita@worldbankgroup.org
Blogs
SURBHI GOYALMAR 15, 2024
India: unlocking the potential of floating solar power
GEORGINA MARIN,MINITA VARGHESE,AMBROSE WONGMAR 15, 2024
Cash vs Digital: How do digital government-to-person payments ease the lives of recipients?
ASMEEN KHAN,SIBONGILE MAZIBUKOMAR 15, 2024
Heat mapping by citizen scientists points the way to a cooler future
NGAO MUBANGA,VALERIE HICKEYMAR 15, 2024
The forest economy: Supporting economic inclusion of rural communities in Zambia
WHAT'S NEW
PRESS RELEASEDEC 26, 2024
Unlocking Domestic Demand Key to Reviving Growth Momentum in China – World Bank Economic Update
PRESS RELEASEDEC 24, 2024
Pakistan: World Bank Approves $450 Million Additional Financing to Further Support Resilient Reconstruction in Response to the 2022 Catastrophic Floods
PRESS RELEASEDEC 24, 2024
World Bank Fast Tracks Emergency Response to Support People of Vanuatu Following Devastating Earthquake
PRESS RELEASEDEC 23, 2024
Uzbekistan to Launch a New Solar Plant in the Khorezm Region with Support from the World Bank Group
IBRD
IDA
IFC
MIGA
ICSID
Who We Are
News
Careers
Contact
Countries
Topics
Projects & Operations
Research & Publications
Events
Data
Knowledge Academy
Results Scorecard

STAY CURRENT WITH OUR LATEST DATA & INSIGHTS

Sign Up

© 2024 World Bank Group. All Rights Reserved.

Legal
Privacy Notice
Site Accessibility
Access to Information
Scam Alert
Report Fraud or Corruption

This site uses cookies to optimize functionality and give you the best possible experience. If you continue to navigate this website beyond this page, cookies will be placed on your browser. To learn more about cookies, click here.

×
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.worldbank.org/en/news/press-release/2024/06/10/guyana-to-strengthen-coastal-resilience-and-adaptation 
 ----- 
