Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Bleday makes Oakland history as A's get extra-innings win
Share
Bleday makes Oakland history as A's get extra-innings win
September 11th, 2024

Martin Gallegos

@MartinJGallegos
Share

0:01

0:25

OAKLAND -- With so much focus on the dynamic duo formed by Lawrence Butler and Brent Rooker atop the A’s lineup lately, it can be easy to overlook the steady presence of what has been a breakout campaign for JJ Bleday.

On Tuesday night, Bleday stood alone by carving out his own spot in the A’s record books.

Facing Spencer Arrighetti in the third inning of a 4-3 victory over the Astros in 12 innings at Minute Maid Park, Bleday roped a first-pitch fastball 104.4 mph off the bat into left-center. It was his 39th double of the season, surpassing Dave Henderson (38 in 1988) for most doubles in a single season among primary A's center fielders (min. 50% of games played) since the team moved to Oakland in 1968.

The A’s will be closing the chapter on their time at the Oakland Coliseum -- the stadium they’ve called home since 1968 -- and playing their home games at Sutter Health Park in West Sacramento for the 2025-27 seasons before a planned relocation to a new ballpark in Las Vegas.

That means, in a storied Oakland era that has seen some greats patrolling center field such as Henderson, Dwayne Murphy, Bill North and Coco Crisp, Bleday will forever top that list and stand alone with the record.

“I didn’t know I got the record,” Bleday said. “That’s pretty sick. I’ll take that. That’s awesome. … It’s a pretty cool thing to have. It’s one of those things where it kind of just happens. You don’t really try to do it.”

Most doubles in a season among primary center fielders (min. 50% of games played) in A’s franchise history:

Al Simmons (53) in 1926
Al Simmons (43) in 1925
Mule Haas (41) in 1929
JJ Bleday (39) in 2024

Though Bleday entered the night just 4-for-32 (.125) over his previous nine games, he carried a fair amount of success against Arrighetti, the reigning American League Rookie of the Month. Bleday had reached base safely in six of his nine plate appearances vs. Arrighetti this season, and he added a pair of hits on Tuesday, also singling off the right-hander in the first.

Related
A's sell out 2025 season tix at Sutter Health Park

January 10th, 2025

Rooker's extension the result of determination during 'whirlwind' journey

January 10th, 2025

Forst excited to see the Sutter Health Park plans taking shape

January 8th, 2025

Here is the 2024 'All-Awardless' team

December 1st, 2024

Bleday (three doubles) helps A's end skid vs. Royals

June 19th, 2024

Former CWS championship teammates Bleday, Martin reunite for MLB matchup

June 17th, 2024

“I just think I have a good approach against him,” Bleday said. “I feel comfortable against him. It’s not like he has anything wipeout. He does have some weapons to beat you with. But if you just trust your approach, and don’t give and don’t chase, you have a good opportunity to find a way to get on base.”

When you account for Bleday’s strides both offensively and defensively, he might just be the most improved player on the A’s roster from 2023 to 2024.

Last season, he shifted around all three outfield spots and finished the year hitting .195 with a .665 OPS in 82 games. One year later, Bleday has played 140 games in center field, tied with the Padres' Jackson Merrill for the most in the Majors.

“He’s really solidified himself,” A's manager Mark Kotsay said. “I think he’s one of the better center fielders amongst the 30 [MLB] teams right now. He’s earned every bit of that with the work that he’s put in. We joke sometimes because this offseason we had our strength coach go out and really push him to get stronger and learn how to lift heavy. It’s paid dividends. He’s only going to continue to grow and get better.”

While the overall defensive metrics might not reflect highly on Bleday, the improvement in that area of the 26-year-old’s game has been evident to his teammates.

“I think the biggest thing with JJ is his comfortability,” said A’s starting pitcher JP Sears, who took a no-decision after tossing six scoreless innings. “You can just tell he’s getting great reads and feels so comfortable out there in the outfield. He’s even given me a lot of input from watching me pitch out there.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Tuesday marked the start of an opportunity for this young A’s squad to play spoiler to their division rivals, who remain in first place in the AL West. The environment was certainly playoff-like, with the A’s taking the lead in the top of the 12th with two runs as three consecutive batters bunted before left-hander Hogan Harris finished it off in the bottom half.

“We’re not going to make the playoffs this year, but we can be spoilers,” Sears said. “Any time you can be in an atmosphere that’s like that, it’s fun. It definitely fuels you a little bit more.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Oakland Athletics
JJ Bleday

Martín Gallegos covers the A's for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

January 10th, 2025

Who signed and who didn't? Breaking down the arbitration deadline

January 10th, 2025

Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

January 10th, 2025

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 10th, 2025

Dodgers avoid arb with all but one, exchange figures with Vesia

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/jj-bleday-a-s-beat-astros-in-12-innings-in-series-opener 
 ----- 
