TRAFFIC ALERT: How Sunday's rehearsal for 2025 Presidential Inauguration Parade will impact DC traffic

Close alert.
Click to toggle navigation menu.
NEWS
TRAFFIC
WEATHER
 Live Radio
Listen Live
 Login
Home » Sports » Zac Gallen shines as…
This article is about 2 years old
Zac Gallen shines as Arizona Diamondbacks beat Chicago Cubs 1-0

The Associated Press

September 8, 2023, 5:49 PM

Share This:
share on facebook
share on X
share on threads
share on linkedin
share on email
print

CHICAGO (AP) — Zac Gallen pitched a three-hitter for his second career complete game, helping the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Chicago Cubs 1-0 on Friday for their third straight win.

Rookie Corbin Carroll accounted for the game’s only run with a two-out RBI single in the eighth inning against Mark Leiter Jr. Seiya Suzuki nearly made a terrific catch in right field, but the ball hit the grass in front of his glove and the out call by first base umpire Stu Scheurwater was overturned in a video review.

“That’s a good team. We ran into a tough situation today,” Cubs starter Jameson Taillon said. “September baseball is meant to be close games and every inch matters.”

Arizona (74-68) won for the fourth time in five games and moved within two games of Chicago for the No. 2 spot in the NL wild-card standings.

Gallen (15-7) struck out nine and walked one after he dropped his previous two outings. Making his 111th career start, he got a celebratory dousing from Carroll and other teammates as he left the field.

“I’ve been grinding the last couple of weeks,” Gallen said. “This a team we’re tracking behind. I’m just trying to go out there and do my job and put a stamp on it.”

Pitching coach Brent Strom said the Friday’s damp, mid-60s weather played a part.

“The environment helped,” he said on a day neither team had much success reaching the warning track. “This was a great pitchers’ day today. He was able to challenge people and force the issue.”

It was Gallen’s first complete game since he threw a one-hitter in a 5-0 victory over Atlanta in a seven-inning doubleheader opener on April 25, 2021; Madison Bumgarner then threw a seven-inning no-hitter in the second game.

Gallen’s complete game was the 30th in the major leagues this season, six shy of last year’s total.

Chicago wasted a strong start by Taillon, who struck out nine while pitching six innings of one-hit ball. Suzuki had two hits for the Cubs (76-66).

José Cuas (3-1) surrendered Lourdes Gurriel Jr.’s leadoff single in the eighth. He walked Gabriel Moreno and struck out Jordan Lawlar before he was replaced by Leiter.

Gallen retired his first 10 batters before he hit Nico Hoerner with one out in the fourth. Suzuki singled with one out in the fifth for Chicago’s first hit.

Carroll singled with two out in the sixth for Arizona’s first hit. Carroll then swiped second and advanced to third on a throwing error on catcher Miguel Amaya, but Ketel Marte bounced to first for the final out of the inning.

STRONG START

Carroll drew a walk starting the game, then stole second and went to third on catcher Miguel Amaya’s throwing error. Taillon escaped the jam by striking out the next three Diamondbacks.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Cubs: RHP Brad Boxberger (forearm strain) was activated from the 60-day injured list, and RHP Keegan Thompson was optioned to Triple-A Iowa.

UP NEXT

Arizona RHP Merrill Kelly (11-6, 3.22 ERA) faces LHP Justin Steele (16-3, 2.55 ERA) on Saturday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Copyright © 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.

Related News
Australian Open Results
Australian Open: Olympic champ Zheng Qinwen starts her bid for another final on a rainy Day 1
Hady Habib becomes the first man representing Lebanon to win a Grand Slam singles match
Recommended
Montgomery County firefighter dies following Laurel house fire
Rehearsal for 2025 Presidential Inauguration Parade happens Sunday. Here's what drivers need to know
DC-based World Central Kitchen volunteers provide aid to LA wildfire victims
Related Categories:
	Sports
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Health Care Clues
Diabetologist Stunned: This Lowers Blood Sugar Like Crazy! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Get Rid of All Parasites in Your Body With This Simple Trick Safely! Try It!
Xitox
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
Joint Pain? Doctor Says Do This First Thing Each Morning (Simple)
Instaflex
IRS 'prepared' for 2025 filing season, but potential spending cuts loom for the agency
For 2025, the return of IT efficiency and effectiveness
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Federal retirements, OPM's backlog dropped in 2024
 

5425 Wisconsin Ave
Chevy Chase, MD 20815

 

hello@wtop.com

 

202.895.5000

Copyright © 2025 by WTOP. All rights reserved. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

About Us
News Philosophy
News Team
Careers
Advertise
Contests
Contacts
News Tips
Charities
Events
Press
Podcasts
Federal News Network
Sign up for or manage your WTOP email subscriptions
Email
Go
facebook
instagram
x
tiktok
youtube
threads
Feedback Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Hubbard Radio DMCA Notice EEO FCC Public Inspection Files FCC Applications Do Not Sell My Info – CA Resident Only
Cookie Consent
Through our own and third-party cookies, we collect and share with third parties electronic network activity personal identifiers (including IP addresses and device identifiers) to allow the website to function, store your preferences, analyze your usage of the website, and to measure ad performance and target ads to you. To opt out, please click ‘Do Not Sell.’ If we have detected an opt-out preference signal then it will be honored. For additional information, please see ourPrivacy Policy
Customize Accept Cookies
✕
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wtop.com/sports/2023/09/zac-gallen-shines-as-arizona-diamondbacks-beat-chicago-cubs-1-0/ 
 ----- 
