WORLD
IRAN
WEST ASIA
PALESTINE
FEATURES
#RESISTANCEOPS
SHOWS
DOCUMENTARIES
 
French
          
News   /   Palestine   /   Editor's Choice
Palestine make history by reaching Asian Cup knockout round
Wednesday, 24 January 2024 7:16 AM  [ Last Update: Wednesday, 24 January 2024 9:46 AM ]
Palestine's midfielder #06 Oday Kharoub and Palestine's forward #19 Mahmoud Wadi point to the number 110 on their arms, as they display support with the people of Gaza, during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group C football match between Hong Kong and Palestine at the Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha on January 23, 2024. (Photo by AFP)

The Palestinian national soccer team have reached the 2023 AFC Asian Cup knockout rounds for the first time after beating Hong Kong 3-0.

With two goals from forward Oday Dabbagh and one from Zaid Qunbar, the Palestinians advanced in Group C at the Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in the Qatari capital Doha on Tuesday.

Palestine coach Makram Daboub praised his players as “heroes” following the match, as he congratulated the people of Palestine for qualifying for the next round.

“With a strong team spirit, our ambition is to advance far in this tournament. Now, with nothing to lose, we will give our best. We have demonstrated hope and I believe we can maintain this focus for the upcoming matches,” he said.

Many of those in the stands in Qatar waved Palestinian flags to show support for the team.

The historic victory for Palestinians comes as Israel is continuing its brutal war against the Gaza Strip

The Israeli regime waged the war on Gaza on October 7 after the Palestinian resistance movement Hamas carried out the surprise Operation Al-Aqsa Storm against the occupying entity in response to the Israeli regime’s atrocities against Palestinians.

Since the start of the aggression, Israel has killed more than 25,500 Palestinians, mostly women and children.

Syria also beat India 1-0 in Group B on Tuesday, reaching the knockout rounds for the first time.

Syria will face Iran in the next round, while the Palestinians’ next opponents have yet to be determined.

Press TV’s website can also be accessed at the following alternate addresses:

www.presstv.co.uk

SHARE THIS ARTICLE
Israel Palestine Gaza war Asian Cup West Asia national soccer team vicotry
MORE FROM PALESTINE
Israel issues new displacement order for northern Gaza town
Another Palestinian abductee dies in Israel's custody
Hamas: Israel lies about military presence in Kamal Adwan Hospital
Sign up for our Newsletter
Sign up for our newsletter to receive a daily email of our best content
 GET STARTED
  
LATEST NEWS
VIDEO | Press TV's news headlines16min
Israeli forces abduct Gaza hospital’s patients, personnel: Health ministry18min
WHO calls for end to Israeli attacks on Gaza hospitals1hr
Israel must pull out of entire Lebanon: Parl. Speaker1hr
VIDEO | Gaza marks calendar year of tragedies and horrors1hr
Syria resistance calls for stopping ‘terrorist administration’s crimes’, warns HTS of surprises1hr
Iran, Oman urge independence, stability, inclusive government in Syria1hr
Israel struggling to contain attacks as Yemeni missiles rain down: US report 2hr
MORE
 
RELATED ARTICLES
Iran routs Angola 4-0 in pre-AFC Asian Cup warm-up game
AFC U23 Asian CUP final: KSA 2-0 Uzbekistan
AFC U-23 Asian Cup Qualifiers: Iran 2-0 Lebanon
Qatar stun Japan 3-1 to win 1st Asian Cup
 
      
News
Iran
West Asia
US
UK
Asia-Pacific
Africa
Video
News Bulletin
Reports
Interviews
Infoclips
Shows
TV
Watch Live
Schedule
Documentaries
Press TV
About Press TV
How to Watch
Vacancies
Contact Us
Brochure
PRESSTV© Copyright 2024 PressTV. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.presstv.ir/Detail/2024/01/24/718799/Palestine-Asian-Cup-victory-Palestinian-national-soccer-team 
 ----- 
