Skip to content

Hong Kong Free Press HKFP

Hong Kong news, breaking updates – 100% Independent, impartial, non-profit

Support us
Menu
POSTED IN
HONG KONG
AFC Asian Cup: Hong Kong football team makes tearful exit after 3-0 defeat by Palestine
“It’s just given us the taste of the pinnacle of Asian football. We definitely want to be back here… We’ve learned that we can compete with some of the best teams in Asia,” team member Matt Orr said.
by KELLY HO
14:12, 24 JANUARY 2024 
Why you can trust Hong Kong Free Press
Click to share on X (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Threads (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to print (Opens in new window)

Hong Kong’s dreams of making history by reaching the knockout rounds of the AFC Asian Cup finals in Qatar were dashed on Tuesday following a 3-0 defeat by Palestine.

But several hundred fans cheered on as some footballers made a tearful exit from the tournament. Hong Kong last reached the finals 56 years ago.

Palestine’s defender #15 Michel Termanini heads the ball during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group C football match between Hong Kong and Palestine at the Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha on January 23, 2024. Photo: Hector Retamal/AFP.

The Group C match on Tuesday at the Abdullah Bin Khalifa Stadium was crucial to both Hong Kong and Palestine, as both teams were bent on booking a historic appearance in the elimination rounds of the quadrennial tournament.

Oday Dabbagh put Palestine in the lead in the 12th minute with a header, leaving Hong Kong trailing 0-1 by half-time.

Palestine scored their second goal in the 48th minute, while Dabbagh further expanded the lead to 3-0 in the 56th minute.

Hong Kong could have narrowed the gap near the closing stage with a penalty, but Everton Camargo’s powerful kick landed on the crossbar and bounded out. Palestine celebrated their 3-0 victory and their unprecedented achievement of advancing to the knockout stage.

Tuesday’s defeat marked the end of Hong Kong’s journey at AFC Asian Cup finals after losing all three matches in the group stage.

Some representatives of the city teared up as they bowed and thanked supporters who brought banners and towels with slogans reading: “We are Hong Kong,” “Hong Kong team kicks ass” and “Hong Kong Add Oil.”

Speaking to Hong Kong media after the match, goalkeeper Yapp Hung-fai shed tears and said he could feel the support and involvement of Hongkongers at this year’s AFC Asian Cup finals. Although the team was unable to make it to the next stage, he was still very touched that Hong Kong fans fervently cheered for them after their defeat.

Hong Kong’s fans cheer their team during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group C football match between Hong Kong and Palestine at the Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha on January 23, 2024. Photo: Giuseppe Cacace/AFP.

“I have represented Hong Kong for so long. It was the first time for fans, the media and the whole of Hong Kong to participate so eagerly in the finals week… It feels like the whole of Hong Kong is really involved and engaged this time,” Yapp said in Cantonese.

Another Hong Kong team member – Matt Orr – vowed to return to the Asian tournament in the future.

“It’s just given us the taste of the pinnacle of Asian football. We definitely want to be back here… We’ve learned that we can compete with some of the best teams in Asia,” Orr said in a post-match interview.

Corrections:

4pm, 21.1.24: A previous version of this piece mistakenly referred to "Thursday" rather than "Tuesday." We regret the error.

Support HKFP  |  Policies & Ethics  |  Error/typo?  |  Contact Us  |  Newsletter  | Transparency & Annual Report | Apps

Help safeguard press freedom & keep HKFP free for all readers by supporting our team

LATEST FROM HKFP
Hong Kong activist arrested over 2019 protest sees social work license suspended for 5 years
Chinese teen sentenced to life in prison over murdering classmate
Hong Kong to focus on ‘retaining’ talent after recruitment drive, labour chief says
Hong Kong introduces voice alerts for calls from newly-activated SIM cards in effort to combat scams

HKFP has an impartial stance, transparent funding, and balanced coverage guided by an Ethics Code and Corrections Policy. 

Support press freedom & help us surpass 1,000 monthly Patrons: 100% independent, governed by an ethics code & not-for-profit.

Support HKFP  |  Code of Ethics  |  Error/typo?  |  Contact Us  |  Newsletter  |  Annual & Transparency Report

TAGGED:AFC Asian CupFootballQatar
KELLY HOSENIOR REPORTER

Ho Long Sze Kelly is a Hong Kong-based journalist covering politics, criminal justice, human rights, social welfare and education. As a Senior Reporter at Hong Kong Free Press, she has covered the aftermath of the 2019 extradition bill protests and the Covid-19 pandemic extensively, as well as documented the transformation of her home city under the Beijing-imposed national security law.

Kelly has a bachelor's degree in Journalism from the University of Hong Kong, with a second major in Politics and Public Administration. Prior to joining HKFP in 2020, she was on the frontlines covering the 2019 citywide unrest for South China Morning Post’s Young Post. She also covered sports and youth-related issues.

More by Kelly Ho

HKFP is a proud member of:

Subscribe to HKFP's newsletters
HKFP Dim Sum
Our best features, interviews & original reporting, sent on Mondays.
HKFP Daily Digest
A digest of all HKFP stories from the day, sent at 9pm daily.
Sign up

Unsubscribe at any time. HKFP will never share your details with third parties.

LATEST STORIES
Hong Kong activist arrested over 2019 protest sees social work license suspended for 5 years
Chinese teen sentenced to life in prison over murdering classmate
Hong Kong to focus on ‘retaining’ talent after recruitment drive, labour chief says
Hong Kong introduces voice alerts for calls from newly-activated SIM cards in effort to combat scams
China offers ‘deep condolences’ over death of US ex-president Jimmy Carter
Cases of respiratory virus HMPV remain low in Hong Kong, epidemiologist says, amid mainland China outbreak
More stories from today
FEATURES & INTERVIEWS
Hopeful mothers, unhappy being told to ‘try again’ after repeated miscarriages, spend time, energy, money to have kids
Hong Kong filmmaker duo on city’s ‘political colours’ and winning at Taiwan’s Golden Horse Awards
Mystery dinner guest: Meet the Hongkonger who’s treated almost 200 strangers to meals
In Pictures: In rural Hong Kong, farmers seek to return lost local rice varieties to the land
More stories

Views expressed by opinion writers & advertisers are not necessarily shared by HKFP.

Where to find HKFP:

HKFP Platforms:
HKFP Mobile Apps.
HKFP Newsletter.
HKFP Podcast.

HKFP Social Media:
HKFP Bluesky
HKFP Facebook.
HKFP Instagram.
HKFP LinkedIn.
HKFP Telegram.
HKFP Threads
HKFP X/Twitter.
HKFP YouTube.

HKFP Channels:
HKFP Apple News.
HKFP Flipboard.
HKFP News360.
HKFP Pushbullet.

About HKFP:

Advertise with HKFP.
Announcements.
Awards.
Careers.
Contact HKFP.
Community Guidelines.
Corrections Policy.
Corrections Log.
Documentary on HKFP.
Freelance Charter.
Newspaper Registration (periodical).
Policies, Ethics & Standards.
Privacy, T&Cs.
Security Law.
Staff Roster.

HKFP Partnerships:

CATEGORIES
Categories
Select Category
Animals
Arts, Lifestyle & Events
Business
China
Community & Education
Defence & Foreign Policy
Domestic Workers
Environment & Health
Hide
HKFP Announcements
HKFP Buzz
HKFP Features
HKFP Lens
HKFP Reports
HKFP Venture
HKFP Voices
Hong Kong
Humour & Satire
Interviews
Law & Crime
LGBTQ & Gender
Macau
Opinion
Paid Content
Politics & Protest
Science & Technology
Sport
Taiwan
TOP-LEVEL CAT (Pick 1)
Travel & Transport
Urban Exploring
Video
World
ABOUT THE TRUST PROJECT

The Trust Project is a collaboration among news organizations around the world. Its goal is to create strategies that fulfill journalism’s basic pledge: to serve society with a truthful, intelligent and comprehensive account of ideas and events.

Learn more.
Facebook
X
Instagram
Threads
LinkedIn
Bluesky
YouTube
Telegram
Phone
RSS
About HKFP
Advertise with HKFP
Annual Report 2023
Announcements
Awards
Careers
Community Guidelines
Documentary
Freelance Charter
Ethics, Policies, Standards
Privacy, T’s & C’s
Store
Staff
Support HKFP
Transparency Report 2023

HKFP IS PROTECTED BY RECAPTCHA. THE GOOGLE PRIVACY POLICY & TERMS OF SERVICE APPLY.

© 2024 HKFP LTD
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
PRIVACY, T’S & C’S
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://hongkongfp.com/2024/01/24/afc-asian-cup-hong-kong-football-team-makes-tearful-exit-after-3-0-defeat-by-palestine/ 
 ----- 
