Japanese
SUBSCRIBE
Home Page
Latest News
Politics
.
Society
.
Business
.
World
.
News Services
.
Editorial & Columns
.
Sports
.
Science & Nature
.
Culture
.
JN Specialties
.
Features
.
LOGIN
SUBSCRIBE
Home>Sports>Soccer
Soccer
AFC Asian Cup: Palestinian Team and Syria Advance in the Asian Cup for First Time
Post
Share
Post
AP Photo/Hussein Sayed
Palestine’s Oday Dabbagh celebrates after scoring against Hong Kong during the Asian Cup Group C soccer match between Hong Kong and Palestine at Abdullah Bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Tuesday, Jan. 23, 2024.

AP

11:44 JST, January 24, 2024

AL WAKRAH, Qatar (AP) — The Palestinian soccer team and Syria advanced to the knockout stage of the Asian Cup for the first time on Tuesday.

Both secured their place in the round of 16 as two of the best third-placed teams from the group stage.

Oday Dabbagh scored twice for the Palestinian team in a 3-0 win over Hong Kong in Group C and Omar Khrbin struck the only goal in Syria’s 1-0 win against India in Group B.

The Palestinian team had failed to advance from the first round in its prior two attempts. Syria had exited the tournament in the group stage in its six previous tries, most recently in 2019.

The four best third-placed teams advance to the next round along with the top two in each group.

DABBAGH DOUBLE

Dabbagh had missed a slew of chances to score a winner for the Palestinian team in its 1-1 draw with 10-man United Arab Emirates on Thursday, meaning it went into its final group match with its hopes of advancing in the balance.

On this occasion, his goals ensured a commanding win.

Dabbagh opened the scoring in the 12th minute with a close-range header and Zeid Qunbar glanced another header past Hong Kong goalkeeper Tse Ka Wing three minutes after the break. Dabbagh scored his second in the 60th after Tamer Seyam’s effort came back off the bar.

AP Photo/Hussein Sayed
Palestine’s Oday Dabbagh, center, celebrates with teammates after scoring during the Asian Cup Group C soccer match between Hong Kong and Palestine at Abdullah Bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Tuesday, Jan. 23, 2024.
FINE MARGINS

Coming on as a substitute after halftime, Khrbin struck in the 77th as Syria beat India and secured third place in Group B.

Khrbin’s decisive strike at Al Bayt Stadium was Syria’s only goal in three group games.

Progress was a triumph for Argentine coach Hector Cuper, who was a back-to-back Champions League runner-up when in charge of Valencia, and led Egypt to the final of the Africa Cup of Nations in 2017.

Syria players hoisted Khrbin into the air in celebrations on the field after the final whistle.

AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi
Syria’s Omar Khrbin, left, shoots to score the opening goal during the Asian Cup Group B soccer match between Syria and India at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, Qatar, Tuesday, Jan. 23, 2024.
GROUP B

Australia advanced as the Group B winner after a 1-1 draw with Uzbekistan.

The 2015 champion had already secured a place in the round of 16 after two straight wins and confirmed the group win after picking up a point at Al Janoub Stadium.

Australia conceded for the first time but remained unbeaten.

Martin Boyle fired the Socceroos ahead in first-half stoppage time from the penalty spot after a handball from Odiljon Xamrobekov. He sent Uzbekistan goalkeeper Utkir Yusupov the wrong way.

Uzbekistan sealed a point and second spot in Group B, with substitute Azizbek Turgunboev rising to head in Jaloliddin Masharipov’s cross in the 78th.

AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis
Uzbekistan’s Azizbek Turgunboev, right, celebrates with his teammates after scoring the first goal during the Asian Cup Group B soccer match between Australia and Uzbekistan at Al Janoub Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Tuesday, Jan. 23, 2024.
GROUP C

Three-time champion Iran was one of the favorites to secure a record-equaling fourth Asian Cup title this year and it has backed its pre-tournament billing with three straight wins in the group stage.

Mehdi Taremi scored both of Iran’s goals in a 2-1 win over UAE at Education City Stadium.

UAE still advanced as runner-up ahead of the Palestinian team on goal difference after Yahya Al Ghassani’s strike in the 93rd. Al Ghassani had earlier seen his penalty saved by Iran keeper Alireza Beiranvand.

Taremi scored his first in the 26th and then powerfully swept in his second in the 65th.

Al Ghassani’s crucial goal was curled past Beiranvand from the left of the box.

Add TheJapanNews to your Google News feed.
Soccer Latest Articles
Netflix Signs US Broadcast Deal With FIFA for the Women's World C...
Iniesta Bids Farewell to Glittering Career in Front of 45,000 in ...
Saudi Arabia Will Host the 2034 World Cup. but When Exactly?
Vissel Kobe striker Yoshinori Muto Named J.League’s Top Player
Latest Articles
Significant Milestones in Life and Career of Jimmy Carter
Tokyo’s Meiji Kinenkan Holds Wedding Receptions in Hall Once Used...
Japan's Nikkei Stock Sees Highest Year-End Close Ever; Index Logs...
Japan-China Foreign Ministers’ Meeting: Beijing Should Take Speci...
Popular Articles
Prehistoric Stone Tool Cut Out of Coral Reef and Taken Away in Ky...
Mitsubishi Motors Seen As Key to S.E. Asia in Honda, Nissan Talks...
Osamu Suzuki Demonstrates Outstanding Business Skills, Developing...
Listing of Kioxia: Strengthen semiconductor production base
Depopulation in Japan Attributed to Decrease in Hidden Christians...
Japan’s GDP Per Capita Ranks 22nd Among OECD Members in 2023; Jap...
Japan Airlines Suffers Cyberattack, Causing Flight Delays; System...
Chinese Man Detained for June Knife Attack against Japanese Indic...
"Sports" POPULAR ARTICLE
Orioles Sign Veteran RHP Tomoyuki Sugano to a 1-Year Contract after His MVP Season in Japan
Olympic Champ Kitaguchi Wins Top Prize at Japan Sports Awards
Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani Watches from a Private Viewing Section; Rui Hachimura Scores 23 Points, Lakers Roll past Trail Blazers 107-98 to End 3-game Skid
Japan’s Paralympic Wheelchair Rugby Team Wins Japan Para-Sports Award; Award Presented to Athletes That Achieve Outstanding Results
Sumo Wrestlers Bring 1,500 Years of Tradition to London as the Sport Has An International Moment

JN ACCESS RANKING

China’s New Energy Vehicles Dominating Domestic Market; Japanese, European Automakers Losing Ground
Prehistoric Stone Tool Cut Out of Coral Reef and Taken Away in Kyushu island; Artifact was Believed to Have Been Dropped in Sea During Prehistoric Jomon Period
Record 320 School Staff Punished for Sex Offenses in Japan
Miho Nakayama, Japanese Actress and Singer, Found Dead at Her Tokyo Residence; She was 54 (UPDATE 1)
Immerse Yourself in Snoopy’s World Ahead of Comic Strip’s 75th Anniversary Next Year; Renovated, Refreshed Museum Features Original, Reproduced Comic Strips, Vintage Merchandise

The Japan News / Weekly Edition

Our weekly ePaper presents the most noteworthy recent topics in an exciting, readable fomat.

Read more

eng

jp

 Subscription of Newspaper
Politics
Society
Business
World
News Services
Editorial & Columns
Sports
Science & Nature
Culture
JN Specialties
Features
Video
About us
Membership Terms & Conditions
Website Policies
FAQ
Advertise

© 2024 The Japan News - by The Yomiuri Shimbun
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://japannews.yomiuri.co.jp/sports/soccer/20240124-164130/ 
 ----- 
