LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
T20 World Cup 2024: Gurbaz, Zadran fire as Afghanistan shock Australia in Super 8
A win for Australia would have sent them and India into the last four, but even a second hat-trick in as many matches from Pat Cummins was not enough to keep their unbeaten record at the tournament intact

Published - June 23, 2024 09:48 am IST

REUTERS
READ LATER
PRINT

Afghanistan players celebrate the dismissal of Australia’s Tim David during the T20 World Cup match at Arnos Vale Ground, Kingstown, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines on June 22, 2024. | Photo Credit: AP

Rahmanullah Gurbaz and Ibrahim Zadran shared an opening stand of 118 to drive Afghanistan to a stunning 21-run win over Australia in St. Vincent on Saturday and keep alive their hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the Twenty20 World Cup.

A win for Australia would have sent the 2021 champions and India into the last four, but even a second hat-trick in as many matches from Pat Cummins was not enough to keep their unbeaten record at the tournament intact.

Half centuries from Gurbaz and Zadran helped the Afghans rack up 148-6 in their 20 overs before their bowlers dismissed the Australians for 127 on a tricky Kingstown track.

Gulbadin Naib claimed 4-20 and Naveen-ul-Haq bagged 3-20, but it was the third century partnership of the tournament from Gurbaz and Zadran that laid the foundation for a win that also kept Bangladesh alive.

India top Group 1 on four points, ahead of Australia and Afghanistan on two, with Bangladesh alone in last place, with none.

India and Australia face off in St. Lucia on Monday, while the Afghans stay in St. Vincent to play Bangladesh in the final Super Eight match later that day.

Australia skipper Mitchell Marsh won the toss and sprung a couple of surprises by sending the Afghans in to bat and naming a team with left-arm spinner Ashton Agar in the bowling line-up in place of Mitchell Starc.

In the early overs it looked like the Australian bowlers would suffocate the Afghans, but the lack of a breakthrough wicket allowed Gurbaz and Zadran to settle in and accelerate through the middle overs.

Crisp batting and hard running from the Afghans put the pressure back on the Australians, who made uncharacteristic fielding errors under the Arnos Vale Ground lights.

The pair reached their half-centuries before Marcus Stoinis finally separated them in the 16th over, when Gurbaz mistimed a shot to David Warner at deep square leg to depart for 60.

Spinner Adam Zampa removed Azmatullah Omarzai (2) and Zadran (51) in the following over and paceman Cummins sent back Rashid Khan cheaply with the final ball of the 18th over.

Karim Janat and Naib followed with the first two deliveries of the 20th over as Cummins became the first bowler to take two hat-tricks at a T20 World Cup.

He would have taken four wickets in a row had Warner held onto a reasonably straightforward catch running in from deep point to dismiss Nangeyalia Kharote.

Afghanistan made the best possible start with ball in hand with Naveen bowling Travis Head for a duck in the opening over and having Marsh caught in the deep for 12 in the third.

Warner followed for three off Mohammad Nabi's first delivery to leave the Australians struggling on 32-3 in the final over of the power play before the Afghans heaped even more pressure on their opponents by removing Stoinis and Tim David.

The explosive Glenn Maxwell gave Australia some hope with a battling 59 off 41 balls but his dismissal by Naib thanks to an acrobatic catch by Noor Ahmad all but sealed the fate of the former champions.

Published - June 23, 2024 09:48 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

T20 World Cup 2024 / Twenty20 World Cup / Twenty20

Most Popular
Massive protest in Beed over murder of sarpanch; demand for Munde’s sacking intensifies
Astronomers build galaxy-sized ‘detector’ to map universe’s vibrations
Tourists express joy over walk on glass bridge
Yemen death sentence for Kerala woman: India adopting a cautious route in conflict-hit Sanaa
BJP MLA apologises after Maharashtra women’s commission directs police to act on actor Prajakta Mali’s complaint
Television actor Dileep Shankar found dead in Thiruvananthapuram hotel
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Tamil Nadu rains LIVE updates 
Maharashtra government formation LIVE 
Maharashtra government formation LIVE 
Parliament winter session day 1 LIVE 
IPL 2025 auction: What are the RTM rules? 
IPL 2025 mega auction: When and where to watch? 
Live cricket scores, IPL 2025 auction news 
Tulsi Gabbard news 
Haryana earthquake 
AMD Layoffs 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Paralympics 2024 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE PREFERENCES

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 
 
Your choices regarding cookies on this site

Please choose whether this site may use cookies or related technologies such as web beacons, pixel tags and flash objects (“Cookies”) as described below. You can learn more about how this site uses these technologies by reading our privacy policy.

Your choices on this site will be applied globally. This means that your settings will be applied, by default, to other sites of The Hindu Group. You can change your mind and revisit your preferences at any time by accessing the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of this site.

We and our partners (108)

We and our partners: (108) process personal data such as IP Address, Unique ID, browsing data for: Store and/or access information on a device | Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, and audience research | Content based on limited data and content measurement | Personalised content | Develop and improve services | Use precise geolocation data | Actively scan device characteristics for identification.

Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data; instead, they rely on their legitimate business interests. View our list of partners to see the purposes they believe they have a legitimate interest for and how you can object to it.

Manage
Cookie Settings
Accept All
and Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/t20-world-cup-2024-gurbaz-zadran-fire-as-afghanistan-shock-australia-in-super-8/article68323302.ece 
 ----- 
