Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
Jimmy Carter funeral
En vivo: Protestas en Venezuela
SPORTS
Witt gets another big hit to send the Royals into ALDS with a 2-game sweep of the Orioles
1 of 14 |  

Kansas City Royals’ Bobby Witt Jr. (7) hits a single as home plate umpire Ben May, left, and Baltimore Orioles catcher Adley Rutschman look on during the third inning in Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

Read More
2 of 14 |  

Kansas City Royals’ Kyle Isbel scores on an infield single by Bobby Witt Jr. during the sixth inning in Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

3 of 14 |  

Baltimore Orioles’ Colton Cowser reacts after being hit by a pitch from Kansas City Royals pitcher Angel Zerpa during the fifth inning in Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

4 of 14 |  

Kansas City Royals’ Vinnie Pasquantino connects for a single against the Baltimore Orioles during the fifth inning in Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

5 of 14 |  

Kansas City Royals’ Vinnie Pasquantino reacts after hitting a single against the Baltimore Orioles during the fifth inning in Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

6 of 14 |  

Baltimore Orioles shortstop Gunnar Henderson, top left, leaps to avoid the slide of Kansas City Royals’ Hunter Renfroe (16) after forcing him out on a ground ball hit by Kyle Isbel during the second inning in Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. Second base umpire Bill Miller, second from right, and third base Jordan Westburg (11) look on. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

Read More
7 of 14 |  

Kansas City Royals shortstop Bobby Witt Jr., center, reacts with a staff member after defeating the Baltimore Orioles 2-1 in Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

8 of 14 |  

Kansas City Royals catcher Salvador Perez, right, holds a cell phone as he and teammates celebrate after defeating the Baltimore Orioles 2-1 in Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

9 of 14 |  

Kansas City Royals players and staff pose for photographers after defeating the Baltimore Orioles 2-1 in Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

10 of 14 |  

Kansas City Royals catcher Salvador Perez reacts after defeating the Baltimore Orioles 2-1 in Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

11 of 14 |  

Kansas City Royals outfielder Hunter Renfroe, center, celebrates with teammates following Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. The Royals won 2-1. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

12 of 14 |  

Kansas City Royals manager Matt Quatraro gestures after his team defeated the Baltimore Orioles 2-1 in Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

13 of 14 |  

Baltimore Orioles’ Gunnar Henderson, left, walks to the dugout after striking out for the final out as Kansas City Royals pitcher Lucas Erceg, right, and catcher Salvador Perez react following Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. The Royals won 2-1. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

Read More
14 of 14 |  

Kansas City Royals pitcher Lucas Erceg reacts after striking out Baltimore Orioles’ Gunnar Henderson for the final out in Game 2 of an AL Wild Card Series baseball game, Wednesday, Oct. 2, 2024 in Baltimore. The Royals won 2-1. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)

BY  STEPHEN WHYNO
Updated 12:54 AM UTC, October 3, 2024
Share

BALTIMORE (AP) — Bobby Witt Jr. beat out an infield single to drive in the go-ahead run and send the Kansas City Royals into an AL Division Series with a 2-1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday for a two-game sweep of their Wild Card Series.

With two outs and runners at the corners in sixth inning, Witt hit a grounder to the edge of the dirt behind second base, where Jordan Westburg made a diving stop and throw to first. Witt was already there after zooming 90 feet in 4.14 seconds, allowing Kyle Isbel to score from third.

“I just had to try to run,” Witt said.

It was the second consecutive game in which the AL batting champion provided the decisive hit. Witt’s RBI single in Tuesday’s series opener plated the only run in a 1-0 victory.

“You never know when this opportunity ever is going to happen again, so got to make the most of it while you have it,” Witt said. “That’s the fun part of this game. This is why we do it, these situations here.”

Kansas City, which endured two seven-game losing streaks over the final month of the season, advanced to face the AL East champion New York Yankees. Game 1 is Saturday in the Bronx.

RELATED STORIES
Kansas City shortstop Bobby Witt Jr. tops pre-arbitration bonus pool at nearly $3.1 million
Royals agree with RHP Michael Lorenzen on $7 million, 1-year contract, AP source says
Baltimore Orioles finalize deals with Tyler O'Neill and Gary Sánchez

Cedric Mullins homered for the Orioles, who fell to 0-5 during two quick playoff exits the past two years. Baltimore has dropped its last 10 postseason games.

The new-look Royals lost 106 games last season but used a 30-win improvement to get back to October for the first time since winning the 2015 World Series.

Second baseman Michael Massey, who led off the game with a double and scored on a single by Vinnie Pasquantino, said the front office bringing in experienced veterans with playoff experience like Tommy Pham, Yuli Gurriel, Michael Wacha and Will Smith made this possible.

“They’ve been there before, they’ve done it, so I think it’s helped a lot of guys,” Massey said. “It’s helped us, for sure me, to be around those guys and just watch them, more than anything, and see how they go about their business, has been — I think that’s helped us stay even keel.”

The Royals left 12 runners on base and got through another close game with a razor-thin margin for error thanks to some masterful managing by Matt Quatraro, himself a postseason rookie like Witt, Game 1 winner Cole Ragans and so many others.

Quatraro let starter Seth Lugo get an out after loading the bases with nobody out in the fifth before spinning up bullpen roulette, starting with winning pitcher Angel Zerpa, who got KC out of that jam and then got the first out of the sixth. John Schreiber got three more outs, Sam Long two, Kris Bubic three and Lucas Erceg the final three to earn his second save of the series.

“It’s so impressive that they believe in themselves and they trust their stuff and they just come after some of the best hitters in the world,” Quatraro said.

Cionel Pérez took the loss.

The Orioles were swept in their only playoff series for a second consecutive year, going 1 for 13 with runners in scoring position this time and 5 for 32 combined. They face numerous offseason questions, from the future of manager Brandon Hyde to the possibility of losing pending free-agent starter Corbin Burnes.

“Especially when you lose like this, there’s frustration, there’s anger, there’s disappointment because you felt like there was opportunities there in those couple games to change the score, and it didn’t happen,” Hyde said.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Orioles: LF Colton Cowser broke his left hand when it was hit by the ball as he struck out swinging in the fifth. He exited after six innings.

UP NEXT

The Royals face Yankees ace Gerrit Cole in the opener of their ALDS, with any starter but Ragans or Lugo rested and ready to go. Wacha had been in line to start Game 3 against Baltimore.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

STEPHEN WHYNO
Whyno has covered the NHL, Washington Capitals, the NFL’s Washington Commanders and horse racing for The Associated Press since 2016.
twitter
 
facebook
 
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
No Credit Card Interest Until 2026? Yep.
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
From Carter's funeral, an Ameri can snapshot: A singular image, 5 presidents, 379 years of histo ry
Winning numbers drawn in Wednesday’s Florida Fantasy 5 Evening
Florida grand jury investigating COVID-19 vaccines finds no evidence of criminal activity
Jimmy Carter's funeral brings together 5 current and former...
Five current and former presidents have come together for Jimmy Carter’s funer...
AP News
Donald Trump Jr. arrives in Gree nland with a message from his...
President-elect Donald Trump has told residents of Greenland that “we’re going...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Neva da (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Patrick Kane's power-play goal in OT lifts Red Wings past Sena...
Patrick Kane scored on a power play with 2:39 remaining in overtime and the Detro...
AP News
Biden casts doubt on his fitness to serve another four years da...
President Joe Biden is casting doubt on his fitness to serve another four years in a...
AP News
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Some notable quotes from Jimmy Carter's funeral
Jimmy Carter has been remembered at his funeral as a man of “character” and “som...
AP News
PHOTO COLLECTION: Jimmy Carter Washington January 8
This is a collection of photos chosen by AP photo editors.
AP News
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
The Long Handle Obje ct Picker Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Zekear
Advertisement:
Shop Now
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Meet Indestructible America's Hottest Dog Toy
PetsBoro:Advertisement
Read More
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Play Now
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/2024-mlb-playoffs-royals-orioles-score-537540033ada068a67c81aadd207ae96 
 ----- 
