Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
How Royals Made MLB History With Wild Card Series Defeat Of Orioles
This team is officially one of one...
Jackson Roberts | Oct 3, 2024
Oct 2, 2024; Baltimore, Maryland, USA; Kansas City Royals players celebrate in the locker room after defeating the Baltimore Orioles in game two of the Wild Card round for the 2024 MLB Playoffs at Oriole Park at Camden Yards. Mandatory Credit: Tommy Gilligan-Imagn Images / Tommy Gilligan-Imagn Images
In this story:
Kansas City Royals

The Kansas City Royals have done the improbable.

In 2023, the Royals were a dismal ballclub, losing 106 games and finishing dead last in the American League Central--behind even the Chicago White Sox. This season, they're booking their tickets for the ALDS.

With a two-game sweep of the Baltimore Orioles, the Royals advanced in the playoffs for the first time since 2015. They eked out a pair of one-run games, 1-0 on Tuesday, then 2-1 on Wednesday, with superstar Bobby Witt Jr. delivering the go-ahead single in both contests.

Not only are the Royals moving on, but they're also stamping their name in the history books on the way there.

According to Rustin Dodd of The Athletic, the Royals were only the second team ever to win a postseason series the year after losing 100 games. But the other team that did it was the 2020 Miami Marlins, who made it to the expanded COVID playoffs with a 31-29 record.

So for simplicity's sake, let's just say the Royals are the first team to lose 100 games, then win a playoff series in a "normal" season the following year.

The way the Royals won the series was the real story. It was so emblematic of who they were as a team all season, and it showed that they do have a legitimate formula to win in the playoffs.

There wasn't much offense, but what offense there was came from Witt, who became the second player in MLB history to record game-winning RBIs in each of his first two playoff games. Then, the starting pitching and closer Lucas Erceg did the rest of the heavy lifting.

If Kansas City keeps this up, they are a real threat to the top remaining power in the AL, the New York Yankees. They'll caravan into the Bronx with their heads high this weekend, and no one should be shocked if they can pull off the upset.

More MLB: Astros' Justin Verlander Wants To Keep Pitching; Is He A Fit For Royals?

Published Oct 3, 2024
JACKSON ROBERTS

Jackson Roberts is a former Division III All-Region DH who now writes and talks about sports for a living. A Bay Area native and a graduate of Swarthmore College and the Newhouse School at Syracuse University, Jackson makes his home in North Jersey. He grew up rooting for the Red Sox, Patriots, and Warriors, and he recently added the Devils to his sports fandom mosaic. For all business/marketing inquiries regarding "Kansas City Royals On SI," please reach out to Scott Neville: scott@wtfsports.org

Follow jrobertsbsbl

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/royals/news/how-royals-made-mlb-history-with-wild-card-series-defeat-of-orioles-jackson3 
 ----- 
