Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Carroll makes more history: 1st rookie to have 25-HR, 50-SB season
Share
Carroll makes more history: 1st rookie to have 25-HR, 50-SB season
Superstar propels D-backs to clinch season series over Giants
September 21st, 2023

Steve Gilbert

@SteveGilbertMLB
Share

0:01

1:42

PHOENIX -- Can we just go ahead and give Corbin Carroll the National League Rookie of the Year Award already?

The D-backs outfielder continues to pile up impressive accomplishments. In Arizona’s 7-1 win over the Giants on Wednesday at Chase Field -- which gave the D-backs the season-series win over San Francisco -- he stole his 49th and 50th bases of the season and belted his 25th home run.

With those steals and the homer, Carroll became the first rookie in MLB history to compile 25 or more home runs and 50-plus stolen bases.

Games remaining (9): at NYY (3), at CWS (3), vs. HOU (3)
Standings update: The D-backs (81-72) hold the No. 2 Wild Card spot. They have a 1 1/2-game lead over the Cubs (79-73) and a two-game lead on the Marlins (79-74). Arizona is 2 1/2 games ahead of the Reds (79-75) and 4 1/2 games ahead of the Giants (76-76). The D-backs do not hold the tiebreaker over the Reds or Marlins. They hold the tiebreaker over the Cubs and Giants.

Carroll singled in his first three plate appearances Wednesday and homered in the seventh. He joined Cesar Cedeno as the only two players to hit 25 or more homers with 50 or more stolen bases in their age 22 or younger season.

Carroll entered Wednesday’s game with an fWAR of 5.3, which was tied for the fourth-highest fWAR by a rookie since 1993.

“It's fun, man,” D-backs veteran right-hander Merrill Kelly said of watching Carroll play. “I'm glad and I'm honored to be on the same team with him. [He] just causes absolute chaos. Not only in the batter's box, but if he gets on, you know something good is gonna happen. 

“So for somebody who works as hard as he does, takes pride in his craft the way that he does, to see him start to rack up the accolades and really get people to notice -- not that they didn't already, but it's fun to see. It's a pleasure being on his team and kind of seeing him go to work every day.”

Related
What's on deck for the D-backs in 2025?

January 2nd, 2025

15 standout Statcast plays from a memorable 2024 season

December 29th, 2024

Who is baseball's best baserunner? Statcast's newest metric tells us

December 16th, 2024

Prospects headed to D-backs instructional camp

January 9th, 2025

D-backs acquire infielder Kessinger in trade with Astros

January 8th, 2025

Kelly amped to share rotation with Burnes in '25

January 6th, 2025

You’re going to have to get teammates to talk about Carroll and his individual accomplishments because the 23-year-old is only concerned with how his own play helps his team lock up a postseason berth for the first time since 2017.

“I'm proud of it,” Carroll said. “But at the same time, you know, we talked about it as a team, this is the time of the year we're not pulling for personal accomplishments. That's kind of out the window at this point. And all that matters is today and the win.”

The win was the fifth in a row for the D-backs, who completed a perfect homestand following a three-game sweep of the Cubs -- which vaulted them above Chicago for the second Wild Card spot -- and a two-game sweep of the Giants that all but ended San Francisco’s playoff hopes.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

It was quite a turnaround from where things stood a week ago, when the D-backs limped home from New York having dropped the final three games of a four-game set with the Mets. Those losses had put them on the outside looking in at the postseason.

Now, the D-backs embark on a six-game road trip that could see them clinch a playoff berth. It starts with three games against the Yankees, followed by three against the White Sox.

While things are going well right now, it doesn’t seem like the D-backs have any intention of taking anything for granted.

“This is the position we played all year to put ourselves into,” Carroll said. “And now the fun part. This is the part where you kind of reap the rewards of putting in all that work throughout the season to get to this point. And now it's just kind of emptying the tank and [putting the] foot on the gas.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Corbin Carroll
Arizona Diamondbacks

Senior Reporter Steve Gilbert has covered the D-backs for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/corbin-carroll-becomes-first-rookie-to-have-25-homers-50-stolen-bases 
 ----- 
