Skip to content
Subscribe Now
59°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Special counsel Jack Smith resigns after submitting Trump report
SPORTSMLBSAN FRANCISCO GIANTSNews
SF Giants’ playoff hopes wilt away in sweep against D-backs
The Giants were swept by Arizona and outscored 15-5 over the two-game series
PHOENIX, ARIZONA – SEPTEMBER 20: Joc Pederson #23 of the San Francisco Giants reacts after striking out against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the third inning of the MLB game at Chase Field on September 20, 2023 in Phoenix, Arizona. (Photo by Christian Petersen/Getty Images)
By EVAN WEBECK | ewebeck@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group
UPDATED: September 21, 2023 at 3:53 PM PDT

PHOENIX — With each passing game, the San Francisco Giants’ path to the postseason gets narrower.

They have 10 to play, and with a 7-1 loss to the D-backs Wednesday afternoon, fell further out of the playoff picture than they have been since it was worth paying attention. They were swept in the two-game series, outscored 15-5 and outhit 27-9, sending them 4½ games back of Arizona, 3½ back of the Cubs for the third and final spot, and on the wrong side of tiebreakers against both teams in the unlikely scenario they come into play.

“Obviously these were must-win games, and going back several games, those were also must-win games,” manager Gabe Kapler said. “Now, the math is not on our side.”

If their four-game set at Colorado to open this road trip represented a golden opportunity, these two games in Arizona might as well have been a last stand. They went 1-5 over the six-game stretch and will take a .500 record with them to Dodger Stadium for the last leg of their final road trip. Their postseason odds, according to FanGraphs, are down to 1.4%.

“We’re probably going to have to win every single game from here on out and hopefully get some luck from around the league,” said Logan Webb, who notched his league-leading 23rd quality start with six innings of three-run ball but, once again, was let down by his lineup. “It’s very frustrating. One of my main goals is to win games that I start, and I just haven’t done that. It’s been very frustrating, to say the least.”

Wednesday was the 12th time this season the Giants have scored one or fewer runs in one of Webb’s starts. They have been held to two or fewer in 21 of his 32 starts. No other pitcher in the majors has received less run support. He will likely appear on Cy Young ballots, yet San Francisco fell to 14-18 when he takes the mound. There are a lot of things to point to when it comes to the Giants’ downfall, and their inability to score for their top starter is near the top of the list.

“I think we’re all disappointed that we haven’t been able to support Webby,” Kapler said. “It doesn’t take away from the excellent season that he’s had, the innings he’s been able to pile up, the games that he’s been able to keep us in. He’s just been one of the best pitchers in baseball, and I don’t think that’s disputable.”

Another area to point to: The Giants’ 5-25 record over their past 30 road games, dating back to July 18, a .167 winning percentage that is the worst in the majors.

“It’s just sometimes how it goes,” Webb said. “It sucks. I get the fans’ frustration about it. We’re as frustrated as they are. We’re not trying to go out there and lose every day. It’s been tough for everybody in here. We’re just gonna keep grinding.”

The Giants lost more than the game: Shortstop Brandon Crawford left in the third inning and, Kapler said, may land on the injured list.

Crawford said he felt his right hamstring “grab” as he was trying to beat out a ground ball to first base in the second inning. A trip to the IL would jeopardize the rest of his season, and possibly would mean he’s played his final game with the Giants after 13 years. His contract is up after this season.

The unfortunate timing, Crawford said, was “the first thing I thought of. Most frustrating timing I’ve probably ever had with an injury.”

With a chance to gain ground on Arizona in the wild card race and clinch the season series with just one win, securing a potentially important tiebreaker, the Giants lined up their top two starters to oppose the Diamondbacks’ top two arms. But just like Alex Cobb the night before, Webb left with his team trailing.

This was a series between teams going in opposite directions. The streaking Diamondbacks jumped the Cubs for second place in the wild card standings with three straight wins before the Giants arrived in town and improved to 14-7 against postseason contenders since Aug. 21. The Giants fell to 6-12 in September and haven’t played winning baseball for a whole month since June.

The momentum, then, was not on Webb’s side he allowed Corbin Carroll to reach base to start the game. Carroll, the NL Rookie of the Year frontrunner and down-ballot MVP candidate, singled and stole second in each of his first two at-bats, singlehandedly manufacturing two runs.

Carroll turned his second single into a triple when Patrick Bailey’s throw sailed into center field, allowing the speedy rookie to take third. It was his 50th steal of the season and Bailey’s third error of September, triple the number of runners he has thrown out (one) in 11 attempts this month.

“I think he’s just rushing,” Kapler said of his rookie catcher, who had thrown out nearly 40% of attempted base stealers through his first two months in the majors but less than a quarter since. “I think he’s just trying to be perfect. I think he’s trying really hard, wants to make something happen. You have to be in a relaxed state, and I think he’s just pushing a little too hard behind the plate.”

Carroll put a cherry on top of a four-hit day with a seventh-inning homer off Ryan Walker, which was followed by another blast by Ketel Marte, extending the D-backs’ lead to 5-1, well out of reach of the Giants’ anemic offense.

For the second straight game, the Giants got on the board with a first-inning home run, this time from LaMonte Wade Jr. in the first at-bat of the game. But Carroll immediately evened the score in the bottom half, and the Giants mustered just two more hits the rest of the game. Arizona finished with 14.

Longtime nemesis Merrill Kelly mixed his six pitches as effectively as ever, outlasting Webb and handing a lead over to Arizona’s bullpen, which entered the series with a bottom-10 ERA in the majors but didn’t allow a run in 6⅓ innings this series. Kelly has yet to lose in 10 career starts against the Giants at Chase Field, lowering his ERA in those games to 1.75.

RELATED ARTICLES
Kurtenbach: That’s it? The SF Giants need to keep spending this offseason
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
SF Giants agree with Justin Verlander on one-year contract: report

“He’s really good at mixing that cutter and that changeup,” Kapler said. “He moves the ball around the zone and moves the ball off the plate, has a really good feel for when a batter’s about to chase, exploits that and does it consistently.”

Seven of their final 10 games come against the Dodgers, starting Thursday with four games in Los Angeles, their final road series of the season. Los Angeles clinched the NL West last week but still has something to play for, still within reach of its third straight 100-win season and of Atlanta for the National League’s top seed.

Kyle Harrison, called up to take Cobb’s roster spot, will start Thursday in Los Angeles, followed by Sean Manaea on Friday. The last two games of the series are listed as TBD. Cobb would have been scheduled to start Sunday.

Notable

— Alex Cobb (left hip impingement) was placed on the 15-day injured list before first pitch, effectively ending his regular season. He went 7-7 with a 3.87 ERA and 2.7 bWAR while being named an All-Star for the first time in his 12-year career. The Giants own a $10 million club option for 2024 that they are expected to exercise.

— Keaton Winn was placed on the injured list and Sean Hjelle was recalled. Winn tested positive for COVID-19 and will be sidelined for at least the next seven days.

Originally Published: September 20, 2023 at 3:11 PM PDT
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Dozens injured as trains collide in Strasbourg, France
Sunnyvale: Two arrested in fatal 2017 shooting
Hydrants’ failure casts Los Angeles fire chief into public spat with City Hall
Special counsel Jack Smith resigns after submitting Trump report
Legendary goalie, forever tied to Sharks' lore, to play in San Jose one final time
Asking Eric: My husband says I’m not to report our neighbors
When will California’s Great America close? 7 signs the end is near
Mel Gibson’s Malibu home burned as he ripped Gavin Newsom on Joe Rogan’s show
Why is California’s wind blowing so hard in January?
Map: Palisades and Eaton fire perimeters and evacuation zones

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS
Kurtenbach: That’s it? The SF Giants need to keep spending this offseason
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
2023
September
20
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

﻿SAVE NOW
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/09/20/sf-giants-playoff-hopes-wilt-away-in-sweep-against-d-backs/ 
 ----- 
