ARIZONA DIAMONDBACKS

D-backs’ Corbin Carroll accomplishes rare 25-home run, 50-stolen base season

Sep 20, 2023, 2:25 PM | Updated: 4:35 pm

Share 

BY ALEX WEINER




Diamondbacks reporter, ArizonaSports.com editor

PHOENIX — Arizona Diamondbacks rookie outfielder Corbin Carroll stole his 50th base and clobbered his 25th home run of the season on Wednesday in a 7-1 win against the San Francisco Giants.

Carroll became the ninth player in AL/NL history to reach both marks in the same year. It has happened 13 times.

The D-backs’ All-Star is also the first rookie to accomplish the milestone and third player overall to reach 25/50 in 30 years.

RELATED STORIES
Dustin Pedroia provides advice, rallies D-backs amid playoff push
Diamondbacks GM Mike Hazen declines to comment on Red Sox rumblings
D-backs put pressure on Giants with aggressive base running to even season series

Atlanta Braves star and MVP candidate Ronald Acuña Jr. reached the mark earlier this year, but Florida Marlins shortstop Hanley Ramirez in 2007 was the only other example since Rickey Henderson and Barry Bonds in 1990.

The other five to do so were Eric Davis, Joe Morgan, Ryne Sandberg and Cesar Cedeño.

D-backs manager Torey Lovullo said hearing those names got him excited about what his young star accomplished.

“I know that one day we’ll understand exactly what he’s done in his rookie baseball season,” Lovullo said. “He’s gonna probably want to turn the page … he’s probably already on to New York, so I think it’s amazing. And I want to make sure that I do talk about it because it is a spectacular feat. We have to recognize such special accomplishments. He’s a good one and we know he’s gonna be here a long time.”

Carroll said he was proud of what he put together but he’s not currently focused on personal accomplishments. He said there will be a time and place to reflect on the highs and lows of his rookie season after it is said and done.

But he wasn’t oblivious to the feat during the game or even going into it.

“I saw it on the board,” Carroll said. “I’m proud of it. There was a lot of work that went into it.”

He said first-base coach Dave McKay has had a running joke asking him how many steals he needed to reach 50.

The rookie stole two bases in the first three innings of Wednesday’s game against the Giants to reach 50, and he scored on both occasions. The NL Rookie of the Year favorite has eight steals in his last 11 games.

In doing so, Carroll became the third D-backs player to crack 50 steals in a single season. Eric Byrnes stole 50 bases in 2007, while Tony Womack owns the franchise record with 72 steals in 1999.

His ability to create chaos, as the team’s slogan goes, on the bases plus his teammates’ execution allowed him to score five runs in two games against San Francisco.

Carroll and Ketel Marte executed a double steal in Tuesday’s 8-4 win, and they scored when the ball kicked away from third baseman Wilmer Flores.

“For somebody who works as hard as he does and takes pride in his craft, to see him start to rack up the accolades and really get people to notice, it’s fun to see,” starting pitcher Merrill Kelly, who threw 6.2 innings with one earned run on Wednesday, said. “It’s a pleasure being on his team and seeing him go to work every day.”

Carroll and Marte hit back-to-back home runs in the seventh inning on Wednesday.

Carroll finished the game with four hits to help the D-backs complete a two-game sweep of the Giants and claim the season series.

“Today was great, it’s fun to be able to add those runs on and take some of that pressure off the bullpen,” Carroll said. “I think those are the games that are probably the most fun.”

Wednesday was Arizona’s fifth straight win and it held onto the second NL Wild Card spot for another day.

Share 
Comments   
Arizona Diamondbacks

Alex Weiner

Diamondbacks claim former Rays catcher Rene Pinto

1 day ago

Alex Weiner

MLB Network ranks Gabriel Moreno No. 7 on list of catchers for 2025

2 days ago

Associated Press

Former Orioles, D-backs P Brian Matusz dies in Phoenix

2 days ago

Arizona Sports

Which Arizona Diamondbacks have avoided arbitration?

3 days ago

Alex Weiner

Sifting through Diamondbacks’ closer options in trade, free agent markets

3 days ago

David Veenstra

Diamondbacks acquire utility Grae Kessinger from Astros

4 days ago

D-backs’ Corbin Carroll accomplishes rare 25-home run, 50-stolen base season

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Email Story

PHOENIX, ARIZONA USA
CONTACT US
CONTEST RULES
FOLLOW ON FACEBOOK
FOLLOW ON X
EMAIL ALERTS
EMPLOYMENT
FCC APPLICATIONS
ARIZONASPORTS.COM | DENVERSPORTS.COM | KSLSPORTS.COM | SACTOWNSPORTS.COM | SEATTLESPORTS.COM
AIM DIGITAL AGENCY
© 2025 BONNEVILLE INTERNATIONAL. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY | DO NOT SELL MY DATA | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT: KTAR-FM | KMVP-FM | KTAR(AM) COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT LICENSING
FCC PUBLIC FILE: KMVP-FM • KTAR-AM | FCC STATION REPRESENTATIVE: ERIN GARRETT • EGARRETT@BONNEVILLE.COMM • 602.200.2638
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc.. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://arizonasports.com/story/3534707/corbin-carroll-steals-home-runs-diamondbacks/ 
 ----- 
