Honest • Unbiased • Apolitical
Your Connection to the Diamond!

Write for Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
MLB 
 
AL East 
 
AL Central 
 
AL West 
 
NL East 
 
NL Central 
 
NL West 
Major League Baseball  /  National League  /  NL West  /  Arizona Diamondbacks
Corbin Carroll Ninth Member of 25-50 Club as Diamondbacks Thump Giants, First Rookie Ever to Join
By Evan M. Thompson, Editor-in-chief
Photo by Christian Petersen/Getty Images
Categories Arizona Diamondbacks San Francisco Giants
September 20, 2023
Diamondbacks 7, Giants 1 — Corbin Carroll Joins 25-50 Club

PHOENIX, Sep. 20 — Cesar Cedeño. Joe Morgan. Ryne Sandberg. Rickey Henderson. Eric Davis. Barry Bonds. Hanley Ramirez. Ronald Acuña Jr, and now Corbin Carroll.

Sign up for free Sport Relay Notifications

Carroll went 4-for-5 with a homer, an RBI, three runs scored, and two stolen bases as the Arizona Diamondbacks thumped the San Francisco Giants, 7–1, Wednesday afternoon at Chase Field. By cracking a home run and stealing two bases, Carroll ran his season totals to 25 and 50, respectively — the first rookie to reach the milestones in the same season. He is the ninth player in AL/NL history to ever accomplish the feat. With four of the players doing it twice, this marks the 12th time it has ever been done.

“First time in Major League Baseball for a rookie?” manager Torey Lovullo asked rhetorically. He continued in a joking manner and with an edge of incredulity, “I mean, come on. What are we talking about here?”

Not the Only Highlight

Carroll’s day was one of several strong offensive outputs for the Diamondbacks, winners of five straight. First baseman Christian Walker went 3-for-4 with a double, driving in a run and stealing his 10th base of the season. Catcher Gabriel Moreno went 3-for-4 with an RBI. Second baseman Ketel Marte went 1-for-4 with a homer.

But Carroll was the biggest story of them all. When told the other names on the list, Lovullo paused before responding. Like several others in the room, he was awestruck by the other names on the list. When he spoke, he did so with a proud smile. “You’re getting my blood hot, that’s for sure. I’m pretty excited when I hear those types of things and those types of names.” He shifted gears when discussing the long-term significance. “I know that (Corbin) one day will understand exactly what he’s done in his rookie baseball season. And we all will.”

Lovullo predicted that Carroll would want to “turn the page” and focus on winning the next game. “He’s gonna downplay it, because he’s so humble.” And that’s exactly what happened. Carroll told reporters, “I’m proud of it, but at the same time, we talked about it as a team. This is the time of the year where we’re not playing for personal accomplishments. That’s out the window at this point. All that matters is today and the win.”

Time to Reflect in the Offseason

Embed from Getty Images

Carroll knew going into the game how many stolen bases he needed to reach 50, admitting sheepishly that first base coach Dave McKay asked him before the game how many he needed, and he immediately knew the answer. But he said it is not yet time to focus on the accomplishments. “There will be time for reflection after the season,” he said. “Throughout that process, (we’ll) definitely go over the highs and some of those strengths I had this year” while coming up with strategies to address whatever weaknesses are necessary.

According to Lovullo, it is still important to recognize special accomplishments, however. “I think it’s amazing,” he said of the milestone. “And I want to make sure that I do talk about it in in the way that I did, because it is a spectacular feat. We have to recognize such special accomplishments. He’s a good one, and we know it. (Corbin) is gonna be here a long time — at least 10 years — and we’re excited about that.”

Looking Ahead

Merrill Kelly (12–7) earned the win, while Logan Webb (10–13) took a tough loss, still managing to put forth a quality start in defeat. Kelly went 6 2/3 innings, allowing one run on three hits while walking three and striking out five. The lone run came on a solo homer by LaMonte Wade Jr. the first batter of the game. Webb lasted six innings, allowing three runs on nine hits while walking two and striking out four.

The Diamondbacks (81–72) will now embark on a six-game road trip. After a Thursday off-day, they have a three-game weekend series at Yankee Stadium with the New York Yankees (76–75). Brandon Pfaadt (2–8, 5.86 ERA) will start Friday night’s game for the Diamondbacks, while the Yankees have yet to name a starter. First pitch will be at 4:05 pm Arizona Time. The Giants (76–76) will head to Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles. They open a four-game series with the Los Angeles Dodgers (93–57) Thursday. Lefty Kyle Harrison (1–1, 5.18 ERA) will toe the rubber for the Giants, while the Dodgers have yet to name a starter. First pitch Thursday will be at 7:10 pm Pacific.

More Arizona Diamondbacks Articles
Article navigation
← Joc Pederson, Rangers Agree to Two-Year Deal
More San Francisco Giants Articles
Article navigation
← Blake Snell Named NL Pitcher of the Month
More MLB Articles
Post navigation
← Giants Expecting “Kitchen Sink” from Diamondbacks Starter Merrill Kelly
Rangers Rout Red Sox in Series Finale →
 
Main Photo:

Embed from Getty Images

Categories Arizona Diamondbacks San Francisco Giants
Tags 2023 Arizona Diamondbacks 2023 San Francisco Giants 25-50 Club Corbin Carroll Logan Webb Merrill Kelly
Share "Corbin Carroll Ninth Member of 25-50 Club as Diamondbacks Thump Giants, First Rookie Ever to Join" on social media:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
WhatsApp
Email
More Arizona Diamondbacks News
Diamondbacks Trade for Josh Naylor
Arizona Diamondbacks
2024 NL Wild Card Picture Entering Sunday — Guid
Arizona Diamondbacks
Diamondbacks Reportedly Sign Starting Pitcher Corb
Arizona Diamondbacks
Joc Pederson, Rangers Agree to Two-Year Deal
Arizona Diamondbacks
Diamondbacks Trade for Josh Naylor
Arizona Diamondbacks
2024 NL Wild Card Picture Entering Sunday — Guid
Arizona Diamondbacks
Diamondbacks Reportedly Sign Starting Pitcher Corb
Arizona Diamondbacks
Joc Pederson, Rangers Agree to Two-Year Deal
Arizona Diamondbacks
Evan M. Thompson, Editor-in-chief

Evan is the owner and sole contributor of Thompson Talks, a website discussing the Big Four North American Pro Sports as well as soccer. He also is a credentialed member of the Colorado Rockies press corps. His first and biggest love is baseball.

Evan lives in Gilbert, Arizona and loves history, especially of sports. He is the treasurer for the Hemond Chapter of the Society for American Baseball Research (SABR) and also is a USSF and AIA soccer referee. He released his first book, Volume I of A Complete History of the Major League Baseball Playoffs, in October of 2021.

Order Evan's book at store.bookbaby.com
Follow Evan on Twitter: @evan_m_thompson
Support Evan on Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/user?u=81411994

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 
Trending Now
Follow Sport Relay on Social Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Medium
Twitter
X
Feed
Join the Discussion
Two Free Agents Would Relieve Baltimore Orioles’ Rotation Worries – Sports and More Sports on Baltimore Orioles 2023: Ready To Fly Again?
Nate Graham on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Robb Darden on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Mike Hennelly Jr on Phillies Acquire Tanner Banks from the White Sox
LILIA Zulema GARCIA on Padres Acquire All-Star Closer Tanner Scott From Marlins
Breaking News
Padres Avoid Arbitration with Several Players
Jarred Kelenic, Braves Agree to One-Year Contract
The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
Braves Free Agent Targets After Prolonged Drought
Rangers Trade Owen White to Reds
In Case You Missed It
January 2025
December 2024
November 2024
October 2024
MLB Home
About
Contact
Resources
Newsroom Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Write for Us
Writer Directory
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Scoreless Outings & Goose Eggs
© 2022 - 2025 SportRelay.com

Welcome to sportrelay.com

sportrelay.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportrelay.com/mlb/2023/09/20/corbin-carroll-25-50-diamondbacks-giants-20230920/ 
 ----- 
