Skip to content
Subscribe Now
31°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO WHITE SOX
Chicago White Sox expected to add 3 new front office members: Josh Barfield, Brian Bannister and Gene Watson
Gene J. Puskar/AP
1 of 19

White Sox manager Pedro Grifol stands in the dugout before a game on April 8, 2023, in Pittsburgh.

By LAMOND POPE | lpope@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 20, 2023 at 9:26 PM CDT

Chicago White Sox manager Pedro Grifol lauded Josh Barfield’s presence, Brian Bannister’s creativity and Gene Watson’s wealth of knowledge.

Grifol was asked about the three expected additions to the White Sox front office after Tuesday’s 4-3 loss to the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park.

“I think (general manager) Chris (Getz) has assembled a really good team around him,” Grifol said.

MLB.com was first to report Tuesday night that Barfield would be joining the Sox as an assistant general manager. USA Today’s Bob Nightengale was first to report Bannister’s role in pitching development and Watson in player personnel.

Barfield, 40, is director of player development for the Arizona Diamondbacks. He played four major-league seasons (2006-09) as a second baseman for San Diego and Cleveland.

“I met Josh not too long ago; he was extremely impressive,” Grifol said. “Great presence. Just a really good demeanor. A smart guy.

“He’s been doing player development over there, which that job really prepares you for a lot of things. Bright, bright, bright guy.”

Bannister, 42, is director of pitching for the San Francisco Giants. The son of former Sox pitcher Floyd Bannister, he made 114 starts for the New York Mets and Kansas City Royals from 2006-10.

White Sox manager Pedro Grifol stands in the dugout before a game on April 8, 2023, in Pittsburgh.

“Brilliant pitching mind,” Grifol said. “He brings plans to the organization. I’m excited to start working with him … (pitching coach) Ethan (Katz) and (bullpen coach Curt Hasler) and everybody is excited for him to be part of this thing and help us move forward.”

Grifol said Bannister’s role will be geared toward pitching.

“A brilliant guy, creative,” Grifol said. “He’ll check every box and he’ll turn every stone. He’s a really good one.”

Watson is an assistant GM and vice president of major-league scouting for the Royals.

“I’ve known Gene for 13, 14 years,” Grifol said. “One of the most respected guys in the game, high energy. Really, really good scout, really good evaluator, creative mind. Has put a ton of great deals together for World Series teams, has been a part of four World Series teams, two championship teams (the 2003 Marlins and 2015 Royals).

“A wealth of knowledge, great leader. He’s been doing this for a long, long time. In my opinion, he’s one of the better scouts in the game.”

Originally Published: September 19, 2023 at 11:05 PM CDT
Around the Web
Taipei: Unsold Prefabricated Homes Are Almost Given Away
Homes | Search Ads
New Stair Lifts Require No Installation (Check Now)
Stair Lift
Cost of Hair Transplant in the Us May Surprise You
Hair Transplant | Search Ads
See How Much Nurses Make in The US. (See Salaries)
Nurse Job in USA
Surgeon: This 'Combats' Neuropathy - Do This Immediately (Watch)
Healthier Living
Prices of Used Cars in Taipei Could Surprise You
Used Cars | Search Ads
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
Dubai Villas
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
Marketing Software
Taipei Mattress Stores Could Offer Surprising Discounts (Take Note)
Mattress Deals | Search Ads
Do You Know How Much Do Builders Get Paid in The USA? See Salaries Here!
Builder Job
Doctors Baffled: Simple Tip Relieves Years of Joint Pain and Arthritis
Healthier Living
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
Solar Generator
Top 10 Things to Do in South America
Viral Vacation Ideas
Best Ways To Make $100 Fast (Every Day Online)
Wish Jobs
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Pineal Guardian
Exposing the Most Hazardous Sites Worldwide
Viral Vacation Ideas
How to Make Money Online - Proven Ways. Start Earning More Money
GpaCalculator
Uncover Scholarships for Your Academic Goals
WishJobs
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
Nine Kinds of Ancestors You Could Find on Your Family Tree
How Long Should I Keep My Car?
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
How Long Should I Keep My Car?
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Two Aurora gymnastics coaches, including an Olympian, suspended after misconduct investigation
Chicago Teachers Union president mocks CPS chief and apologizes
Former high-level assessor’s office employee under Berrios charged with taking bribes from lawyer
Supreme Court to weigh reinstating Obamacare care requirements struck down by lower court
Proposed location for Waukegan Chick-fil-A in dispute; ‘The idea of putting one (there) … boggles the mind’
Donald Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Edward Hospital’s fitness center in Naperville remains unused nearly two years after closure
Today in Chicago History: ‘I decided to do my sitting over here,’ Mike Royko writes in his first Tribune column
Editorial: Speaker Welch’s recent behavior in Springfield raises questions around his Illinois House leadership
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2023
September
19
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/09/19/chicago-white-sox-expected-to-add-3-new-front-office-members-josh-barfield-brian-bannister-and-gene-watson/ 
 ----- 
