Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Arizona Cardinals
Former Cardinals coach Kingsbury compares projected top draft pick Caleb Williams to Patrick Mahomes

Arizona's ex-head coach said there are "eerily uncanny similarities"

Williams (left) is expected to join Mahomes in the NFL in 2024.Lapresse
JB
Actualizado 19/09/2023 - 21:47 CST
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Patrick Mahomes scores another Whataburger midwest location
NFL. Jerry Jones weighs in on Deion Sanders' potential NFL coaching future

Former Arizona Cardinals head coach Kliff Kingsbury sees more than a few similarities between Chiefs superstar Patrick Mahomes and USC Trojans quarterback Caleb Williams -- a player his former team could be in position to draft less than a year from now.

There's eerily uncanny similarities (between Williams and Mahomes) - it's cool to watch," Kingsbury told Sports Illustrated.

The Cardinals are off to an 0-2 start in 2023, and many expect them to pick high -- very high -- in the 2024 NFL Draft. Arizona has its own first-round pick next year along with the Houston Texans' first selection. Even though Arizona still has the injured Kyler Murray under contract, the chance to get the big-armed Williams -- last year's Heisman Trophy winner and a "generational" prospect under center -- could be too tempting to pass up.

New Arizona Cardinals coach makes awkward speech giving strange demands
Cardinals nearly had Mahomes

In a real "sliding doors" moment for the Cardinals franchise, Arizona was waiting for an opportunity to select Mahomes in the first round of the 2017 NFL Draft...only for the Chiefs to trade up and grab him instead.

Kansas City traded three selections -- including two first round picks -- to move up to 10th overall and take Mahomes. And as they say, the rest is history. Mahomes, a two-time NFL MVP, has led Kansas City to two Super Bowl wins and is widely regarded as the finest quarterback in the NFL.

Kingsbury and Kyler Murray showed some promise in the desert -- but not enough to stop the franchise from moving in another direction.

The Cardinals later hired Kingsbury, Mahomes' former coach at Texas Tech, and paired him with Murray after they selected the Heisman Trophy winner at the top of the 2019 NFL Draft. Murray has twice been a Pro Bowl selection since heading to the desert, and he's now outlived Kingsbury with the Cardinals -- although many are wondering if Arizona's new regime will want to find its own quarterback in 2024.

Enter Caleb Williams.

Will Caleb entice the Cardinals?
MORE in MARCA
A photo sparks...
Marca
What is the Co...
Marca

Kingsbury drawing comparisons between Mahomes and Williams may not impress the Cardinals' new brain trust all that much -- but it is an interesting parallel to note, seeing as Arizona is largely expected to pick twice in the top five of the 2024 NFL Draft, giving it a chance to draft Williams if he declares.

Williams is expected to go first overall in 2024 -- but who will be picking?

Williams' father has said that his son might not come out of USC if the right organization isn't picking first, but most fans and analysts believe ths slippery star quarterback will make himself available for the draft anyway. And if the Cardinals ultimately decide to move on from Murray -- and his huge contract -- you can bet Williams is the guy they'll be after as they try to secure their very own Mahomes.

Arizona Cardinals - English
NFL - English
Kyler Murray - English
Patrick Mahomes - English
Kansas City Chiefs - English
NCAAF - English
Caleb Williams - English
Kansas City ChiefsTom Brady's ex-coach, Bruce Arians, explains why he didn't draft Patrick Mahomes
Kansas City ChiefsPatrick Mahomes' wife Brittany Mahomes hooked up to IV drip after wild Super Bowl partying
Super BowlJackson Mahomes made Jason Kelce visibly uncomfortable with creepy behavior in Super Bowl video
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Steve Sarkisian Net Worth: How...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
跟著謝祖武選擇不踩雷！《LBV熟齡雷射》 同時解決近視老花問題
諾貝爾眼科
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/arizona-cardinals/2023/09/20/650a588eca4741144d8b4587.html 
 ----- 
