Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
International Friendlies 2022-23
Panama vs Paraguay Prediction and Betting Tips | June 16th 2024
Panama vs Paraguay Prediction and Betting Tips | June 16th 2024
By
Shubham Dupare
Modified Jun 14, 2024 12:38 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Panama and Paraguay lock horns in a friendly

Panama will invite Paraguay to the Estadio Rommel Fernández in a friendly on Sunday. This will be the final match for both teams before they travel to the USA for the 2024 Copa America.

The hosts played in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers earlier this month, recording a 2-0 home win over Guyana and defeating Montserrat 3-1 last week. José Luis Rodríguez was on the scoresheet in both games.

The visitors, on the other hand, played two friendlies earlier this month. They were held to a goalless draw by Peru in their first match of the month and suffered a 3-0 loss to Chile earlier this week. They will look to sign off before the Copa America on a positive note and aim to return to goalscoring ways.

Trending
Panama vs Paraguay Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
The two teams have met just five times thus far, with all meetings being friendlies. The visitors have enjoyed an unbeaten run in these meetings, recording five wins.
The two teams last met in a friendly in 2012, with the visitors recording a 1-0 win.
Three of the five meetings between the two teams have produced under 2.5 goals.
The hosts have suffered just two losses in their last 11 games in all competitions, with both losses coming in the CONCACAF Nations League earlier this year.
Paraguay are winless in their last four games in all competitions and have failed to score in these games as well.
Panama have failed to score in four of their five meetings against the visitors.
The hosts have suffered just one loss in their last eight friendlies. They have three wins in that period with two wins coming last year.
The visitors have recorded just one win in their last seven friendlies.
Panama vs Paraguay Prediction

Los Canaleros have won their two games in the ongoing international window with an aggregate score of 5-1 and will look to make it three wins on the trot. They have won their last two friendlies and are strong favorites.

La Albirroja have endured a poor run of form and are winless in their last four games. They have failed to score in seven of their last eight games in all competitions, which is a cause for concern. Gabriel Aguayo has not yet made an appearance for the visitors after receiving his first senior call-up and might get the nod to start here.

Considering the current form of the two teams and home advantage for Panama, the hosts are expected to register a comfortable win.

Prediction: Panama 2-1 Paraguay

Panama vs Paraguay Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Panama to win

Tip 2: Goals - Over/Under 2.5 Goals - Over 2.5 goals

Tip 3: At least one goal to be scored in the second half - Yes

Tip 4: José Luis Rodríguez to score or assist any time - Yes

Quick Links

International Friendlies 2022-23 Panama Football Team Paraguay Football Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/panama-vs-paraguay-prediction-betting-tips-june-16th-2024 
 ----- 
