SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Tickets
Schedule
Stats
Club
MNUFC2
Shop
Allianz Field
News
Latest News
Articles
Videos
Podcasts
Newsletter
App
Media Resources
Latest News
Four MNUFC Players in Final Rosters for 2024 Copa América

Monday, Jun 17, 2024, 12:57 AM

Minnesota United announced today that four players: goalkeeper Dayne St. Clair (Canada), forward Tani Oluwaseyi (Canada), midfielder Alejandro Bran (Costa Rica), and defensive midfielder Carlos Harvey (Panama) have made the final rosters for the 2024 Copa América and will stay with their respective national teams throughout the continental tournament, which starts on June 20 and runs through July 14.

Dayne St. Clair and Tani Oluwaseyi and the Canadian side will open group play on Thursday, June 20 when Les Rouges face Argentina at Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta, GA. Canada will also take on Peru on June 25 and Chile on June 29 to close out the Group A matches. Tani Oluwaseyi has been crucial in Minnesota’s attacking third, leading the team in goals scored with seven goals and four assists in the 2024 MLS regular season. St. Clair has been a steady component in the net for Minnesota United, starting every game he has been available. During the June international window, St. Clair started in goal for Canada in the international friendly against the Netherlands on June 6, where Canada fell 4-0. Notably, Tani Oluwaseyi made his international debut against France on June 9, playing the final six minutes.

Los Ticos midfielder Alejandro Bran has played a supporting role for the Costa Rican side as they have gained two victories during the 2026 FIFA World Cup Concacaf Second Round Qualifiers against St. Kitts and Nevis (4-0) and Grenada (3-0). Costa Rica will face Brazil, Colombia and Paraguay in Group D for the CONMEBOL tournament. Los Ticos will first face Brazil on June 24 at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, California then go head-to-head against Colombia on June 28 before facing Paraguay on July 2.

Carlos Harvey was featured on the bench during his call up for Panama during Group D of the 2026 FIFA World Cup Concacaf Second Round Qualifiers, where Panama first faced Guyana on June 6 finding a 2-0 victory. Three days later, Panama took on Montserrat and gained another win, ending the match 3-1. Next, Panama will take on Uruguay on June 23 and the United States on June 27 before playing against Bolivia on July 1 in Group C action.

International Matches Schedule

Date

	

Game

	

Time (CT)

	

Location




 

Thu., June 20

	

 

Argentina vs. Canada

	

 

7:00 p.m.

	

Mercedes-Benz Stadium, Atlanta, GA




 

Sun., June 23

	

 

Uruguay vs. Panama

	

 

8:00 p.m.

	

Hard Rock Stadium, Miami, FL




 

Mon., June 24

	

 

Brazil vs. Costa Rica

	

 

8:00 p.m.

	

SoFi Stadium, Inglewood, CA




 

Tue., June 25

	

 

Peru vs. Canada

	

 

5:00 p.m.

	

Children’s Mercy Park, Kansas City, KS




 

Thu., June 27

	

 

Panama vs. USA

	

 

5:00 p.m.

	

Mercedes-Benz Stadium, Atlanta, GA




 

Fri., June 28

	

 

Colombia vs. Costa Rica

	

 

5:00 p.m.

	

University of Phoenix Stadium, Glendale, AZ




 

Sat., June 29

	

 

Canada vs. Chile

	

 

7:00 p.m.

	

Inter & Co Stadium, Orlando, FL




 

Mon., July 1

	

 

Bolivia vs. Panama

	

 

8:00 p.m.

	

Inter & Co Stadium, Orlando, FL




 

Tue., July 2

	

 

Costa Rica vs. Paraguay

	

 

8:00 p.m.

	

 

Q2 Stadium, Austin, TX

LATEST NEWS
PRESS RELEASE
INTERNATIONAL
DAYNE ST. CLAIR
TANI OLUWASEYI
ALEJANDRO BRAN
CARLOS HARVEY
Related Stories
MNUFC Select Four in 2025 SuperDraft
Know Your League Explainer: SuperDraft
MNUFC Releases 2025 Schedule
MLS Clubs
Tickets
Shop
Club
News
Gameday
Legal
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mnufc.com/news/four-mnufc-players-in-final-rosters-for-2024-copa-america 
 ----- 
