Skip to Article
Set weather
Michigan
Subscribe
Sign in
SAGINAW AND BAY CITY SPORTS
Saginaw’s Spencer Schwellenbach keeps Atlanta Braves in playoff race
Published: Sep. 18, 2024, 11:50 p.m.

Atlanta Braves starting pitcher Spencer Schwellenbach throws against the Cincinnati Reds during the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cincinnati.Jay LaPrete | Associated Press

By Hugh Bernreuter | hbernreu@mlive.com

Former Saginaw Heritage and Nebraska star Spencer Schwellenbach isn’t the ace for the Atlanta Braves rotation.

But he pitched like one Wednesday.

Maresca to leave Chilwell out Chelsea FA Cup squad

Schwellenbach became the stopper for the Braves, ending Atlanta’s three-game losing streak and evening his record at 7-7 in a 7-1 win over Cincinnati.

“He’s been as valuable as anybody,” Atlanta manager Brian Snitker told the Associated Press. “I’m glad he got out of the sixth (first and third with two outs). When you get in a close game like that, you never know what’s going to happen. The guys could rally like we did and get him a win. I thought he was really, really good again tonight.”

Schwellenbach allowed five hits and one run in six innings, walking two and striking out five to lower his earned run average to 3.61. He threw 94 pitches, including 62 strikes.

The former Heritage pitcher/shortstop did not pitch in his first season in the Atlanta system and only threw 65 innings in the minors in 2023. He pitched 45 innings in the minors this season before a promotion to Atlanta, where he’s thrown 109 innings in 19 starts.

“These are the games I want to pitch in,” Schwellenbach told the AP. “I have over 150 innings. I feel like I’ve hit a new wave, I guess.”

In his last five starts, the 24-year-old right-hander owns a 2.63 earned run average.

The win, Atlanta’s first against the Reds this season, kept the Braves in the playoff race, two games behind the New York Mets and Arizona Diamondbacks for the final National League wild-card spot.

The Reds started Jakob Junis, who allowed just two hits in six innings.

“We got really nice pitching from Jakob for sure,” Reds manager David Bell told the AP. “I think the story of the game was their young pitcher was really tough on us tonight. We couldn’t get much going.”

Schwellenbach is expected to make one more regular-season start for the Braves, with his final game lining up against the Mets in a key game with playoff implications.

Stories by Hugh Bernreuter
Frankenmuth senior nets Saginaw-area Player of Week honor
Saginaw-area basketball highlights: Nouvel takes advantage of Hemlock cold spells
Recognizing top Saginaw-area athletes, with Athlete of Week poll to start 2025
Saginaw-area girls basketball highlights: Frankenmuth rolls over Freeland
Saginaw-area boys basketball highlights: Freeland wins OT thriller over Frankenmuth

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Contact Us
Jobs at MLive
MLive Media Group
Our Team
Advertise with us
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
MLive.com
Newsletters
The Ann Arbor News
The Bay City Times
The Flint Journal
The Grand Rapids Press
Jackson Citizen Patriot
Kalamazoo Gazette
Muskegon Chronicle
The Saginaw News
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
MLive Sections
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
News
Business
Sports
Advice
High School Sports
Betting
Life
Opinion
Obituaries
Your Regional News Pages
Saginaw
Jackson
Kalamazoo
Muskegon
Ann Arbor
Bay City
Flint
Grand Rapids
Mobile
Mobile apps
More on MLive
Video
Weather
Post a job
Archives
Classifieds
Sell your car
Sell/Rent your home
Sponsor Content
Follow Us
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
Your Privacy Choices
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlive.com/sports/saginaw-bay-city/2024/09/saginaws-spencer-schwellenbach-keeps-atlanta-braves-in-playoff-race.html 
 ----- 
