NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Ozuna homers as Braves keep pace in wild card with win over Reds
Associated Press
September 18, 2024 - 9:39pm
Atlanta Braves' Marcell Ozuna celebrates his home run against the Cincinnati Reds during the seventh inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cincinnati. (Jay LaPrete/AP)
2 comments

CINCINNATI — Marcell Ozuna homered, Gio Urshela drove in three runs and Spencer Schwellenbach pitched six innings of one-run ball as the Atlanta Braves beat the Cincinnati Reds 7-1 on Wednesday night.

The win allowed the Braves to stay within two games of the Mets for the final National League wild-card spot.

The Braves are 1-4 against the Reds this season.

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-10:b398dd8ef990f76ebbea15e3 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog

Ozuna greeted Tony Santillan (2-3) with his 38th home run of the season in the seventh, a solo shot that broke a 1-1 tie. The blast ended Ozuna's home run drought at 26 games and his RBI drought at 19 games. Urshela drove in two runs with a bases-loaded single, pushing the lead to 4-1.

In the eighth, Michael Harris II homered, and Ozuna doubled to knock in Eli White and record his 100th RBI of the season.

Urshela drove in his third run with a ground-rule double in the ninth.

Schwellenbach (7-7) made his 19th start for the Braves. In six innings, he allowed one run on five hits while striking out five and walking two.

The Reds managed three hits in the first five innings and pushed their only run across in the sixth. Elly De La Cruz hit his ninth triple into the right-field corner to lead off the inning. De La Cruz scored on TJ Friedl's safety squeeze.

Jakob Junis made his fourth start for the Reds. He was pressed into a starting role when Hunter Greene, Andrew Abbott and Nick Lodolo were injured. Junis retired the first 11 Braves’ batters before Ozuna doubled. Matt Olsen’s single to center broke the scoreless tie in the fourth.

Junis pitched six innings, allowing just two hits. He retired 18 of the 20 batters he faced.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Braves: Ozzie Albies made his first rehab start Tuesday night. “He hit off lefties all night. Everything was good. I hope he can get some right on right at-bats tonight," manager Brian Snitker said.

Reds: The Reds are deciding whether Hunter Greene will make a start Sunday. “He will make two starts,” David Bell said.

UP NEXT

The final of the three-game series on Thursday afternoon will feature the Reds' rookie Julian Aguiar (2-0, 4.88 ERA) against Braves' veteran Chris Sale (17-3, 2.35 ERA).

MLB NEWS
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/ozuna-homers-as-braves-keep-pace-in-wild-card-with-win-over-reds/ 
 ----- 
