Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Yastrzemski and Conforto homer to help Giants beat sinking Orioles 5-3
1 of 7 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Michael Conforto (8) and Tyler Fitzgerald, right, celebrate after both scoring on a single hit in by Casey Schmitt during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

Read More
2 of 7 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Mike Yastrzemski rounds the bases after hitting a home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

3 of 7 |  

Baltimore Orioles’ Gunnar Henderson (2) reacts after striking out on a foul tip during the third inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

4 of 7 |  

San Francisco Giants starting pitcher Hayden Birdsong delivers during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

5 of 7 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Heliot Ramos slides into home base to score in front of Baltimore Orioles catcher James McCann during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

6 of 7 |  

San Francisco Giants starting pitcher Hayden Birdsong delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

7 of 7 |  

Baltimore Orioles’ Jackson Holliday (7) celebrates with Anthony Santander, left, after scoring on a groundout hit in by Cedric Mullins during the third inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough)

Read More
BY  DAVID GINSBURG
Updated 5:36 AM UTC, September 19, 2024
Share

BALTIMORE (AP) — Mike Yastrzemski homered on the game’s first pitch, Michael Conforto also hit a solo shot and the San Francisco Giants beat the sinking Baltimore Orioles 5-3 Wednesday night.

Baltimore has lost eight of 10 to fall five games behind the first-place New York Yankees in the AL East with 10 to play. Before their current skid, the Orioles held a half-game lead.

For the second time in two nights, Yastrzemski put the Orioles in an immediate hole with a leadoff homer. On Tuesday, he did it on the second pitch. In this one, he hit Dean Kremer’s initial offering into the right-field seats.

“That was pretty cool,” Giants manager Bob Melvin said. “He came in the dugout and said he had the same approach as he did last night, so I guess you stick with it, right? You don’t see that often, two leadoff homers like that.”

Baltimore took a 2-1 lead in the third inning, but the Giants answered with a three-run fourth highlighted by a sequence that exemplified the Orioles’ shortcomings of late. With the bases loaded and no outs, Grant McCray hit a tapper in front of the plate. Kremer (7-10) grabbed the ball and flipped it to catcher James McCann in plenty of time for the force play — but McCann’s foot was off the plate.

“That hurt,” Orioles manager Brandon Hyde said. “The catcher is wearing spikes and he’s not really feeling the plate. He came out a half-inch too far.”

RELATED STORIES
Orioles sign veteran RHP Tomoyuki Sugano to a $13M, 1-year contract after his MVP season in Japan
Baltimore Orioles finalize deals with Tyler O'Neill and Gary Sánchez
Sugano's resume is impressive, and the Orioles hope the 35-year-old RHP has plenty in the tank

Casey Schmitt followed with a two-run single to put San Francisco ahead for good.

“In the big inning I didn’t do a good job limiting damage,” Kremer said. “Balls got put in play and a little out of the reach of fielders. It’s on me.”

Conforto hit his 17th homer leading off the sixth for a 5-2 lead. That was too much to overcome for the Orioles, who haven’t scored more than five runs since Sept. 3.

Down by two in the seventh, Baltimore loaded the bases with two outs for Colton Cowser, who was retired on a flyball.

Baltimore stranded eight and went 2 for 10 with runners in scoring position.

Giants rookie Hayden Birdsong (4-5) gave up three runs and four hits over 5 2/3 innings to earn his first win in eight starts since July 27.

Ryan Walker, the fourth San Francisco reliever, worked a perfect ninth for his eighth save.

After coming to town with a four-game losing streak, the Giants are primed to sweep a team poised to reach the playoffs.

“They’re fighting for a lot, and they’re a real good team, too,” Melvin said. “To win the first two here, it’s good.”

KIMBREL CUT

The Orioles bid farewell to struggling reliever Craig Kimbrel, designating him for assignment less than 24 hours after he gave up six runs in the ninth inning of a 10-0 loss to the Giants. The nine-time All-Star lost his job as closer in late July and had a 5.33 ERA with six blown saves.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Giants: 3B Matt Chapman was placed on the paternity list, and Schmitt was recalled from Triple-A Sacramento.

Orioles: 3B Jordan Westburg (hand) and INF Ramón Urías will begin rehab assignments with Triple-A Norfolk on Thursday.

UP NEXT

San Francisco’s Logan Webb (12-10, 3.53 ERA) faces Zach Eflin (10-9, 3.55) in the series finale Thursday afternoon. Eflin is 5-2 with a 2.22 ERA since coming to Baltimore in a July trade with Tampa Bay.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of patient left in scalding hot bath tub
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Former first lady Michelle Obama didn't attend the state funeral for former Presi...
AP News
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Iowa That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Trial
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Try Now
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
Find out how LifeMD can improve your sleep. Easy prescription solutions that he...
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing fiduciary...
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Instantly Lookup Anyo ne's Home Value by Address (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
A military doctor has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing dozens of soldiers at...
AP News
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
Charges against men accused of shooting at Black FedEx driver...
A Mississippi judge has dismissed all charges against two white men who pros...
AP News
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
These Seniors Over 65 Learned How To Save Massive On Life Insu...
Senior Life Insurance
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Pay No Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet:Advertisement
Get Offer
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/orioles-giants-score-6ec70e02cd2b3f67760e8e2272f1fdaf 
 ----- 
