SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Australia's Afghan diaspora excited to see their 'Blue Tigers' play in T20 World Cup cricket tour

By Shadi Khan Saif

Topic:
Women’s National Cricket League

Fri 21 Oct 2022
Friday 21 October 2022

Zohal and Zahil Meraj are keen cricket fans and excited to see the Afghan national team when they play in Australia. 

abc.net.au/news/afghanistan-rise-fame-cricket-rekindles-hopes-t20-australia/101530840
Link copied
Share article

Afghanistan's tricolour national flag no longer holds official status in the war-ravaged country under Taliban rule, but the national cricket team has kept it high in the international arena to the delight of their supporters in Australia. 

The youngest member of the global cricketing family, Afghanistan is playing in Australia during October and November, taking on the mighty powerhouses of the game in the T20 World Cup.

It's their first trip here since 2015. 

With the Afghan team set to begin their campaign today against England, Melbourne's south-eastern suburbs have been buzzing with excitement. 

The cities of Dandenong and Casey are home to Australia's largest Afghan community, and for many of them cricket is a way of connecting with the local culture.

Ziauddin Zia, who captains a community squad in Fountain Gate, told the ABC the participation of Afghanistan in the high-profile tournament meant a great deal to the Afghan diaspora.

"Afghans in Australia and everywhere are all super excited," said Mr Zia.

"I have booked tickets for all the games in Adelaide, Melbourne and Brisbane, and will be hosting my brothers and cousins coming from the US for the matches."

The Afghan team have not played in Australia since 2015.  (Reuters: Satish Kumar)

Healing wounds 

Mr Zia said the sport was helping heal and console the recently arrived Afghan refugees reeling from the stress and trauma of decades of wars and the return of the Taliban to power last year.

"All of them have gone through personal pain and some are still coping with being split and separated from their families that are waiting for visas," he said.

"Cricket is keeping them happy and busy."

In the wake of the US withdrawal from Afghanistan and the Taliban's arrival in Kabul, the Australian government offered sanctuary to thousands of Afghans fearing persecution in their home country.  

Afghan refugee Jalal Ahmadzai started following cricket when the Afghanistan cricket team secured full membership of the International Cricket Council in 2017. (Supplied)

Jalal Ahmadzai, one of the beneficiaries of Australia's Humanitarian Program, is looking forward to seeing the emerging cricket stars from Afghanistan like Rashid Khan, Rehmanullah Gurbaz and Fazalhaq Faruqi.  

Residing in the northern Melbourne suburb of Craigieburn, Mr Ahmadzai said his entire family was excited to have the Afghan team coming to Australia.

"We have been lucky to have exceptional talent in cricket and it brings smiles to the faces of our people when they compete against major teams," said Mr Ahmadzai, who fled Kabul in August just before the city fell to the Taliban.

Since then, the Taliban have banned the national anthem and replaced the tricolour flag of Afghanistan with a new flag featuring a black declaration of faith on a white background. 

"When the cricket team holds up the Afghan national flag while the national anthem is played on international grounds it gives us a sense of pride and shows to the world that Afghanistan is not just about war and suffering," said Mr Ahmadzai, adding that talented cricketers from the war-ravaged country have provided a positive image of the country.

Many young Afghan refugees in Melbourne play in local cricket competitions.  (Supplied)

'It is a pity that we are not playing'

Joy at being able to see their countrymen play is somewhat tempered for many Afghan cricket fans by the fact that Afghanistan no longer has a women's cricket team.

After the Taliban returned to power, a member of the team was reportedly threatened with execution if she continued to play and several fled the country to Canada and Australia.

The Taliban have since given mixed messages on whether they would allow women to play professionally.

A national cricket team member now based in Melbourne, who asked for her name to be withheld, told the ABC she and her teammates were preparing for a comeback.

"It is a pity that we are not playing but I am so excited and happy that I can at least watch matches live in the stadium and I can follow my team," she said.

Zohal Meraj, who enjoys playing cricket with her father and brother in Melbourne, will also be cheering the "Blue Tigers" wherever they go during the T20 World Cup.

"I would dearly like to see our female team as well," said Ms Meraj.

Gharsa Ghazal, Sydney-based psychological therapist, said she would be flying down with three other Afghan women to see Afghanistan play New Zealand at the MCG.

"The Afghan girls who are interested in cricket have so much freedom, resources and opportunities available in Australia compared to Afghanistan to take on cricket and excel in it," she said.

Roya Samim, who now lives in Canada, was in line to captain the Afghanistan women's cricket team before the Taliban returned to power. (Supplied)

Molina Asthana, a board member of AMES Australia which helped resettle some of the women cricketers here, said she was impressed with their talent and enthusiasm.

"They are so excited and eager to start playing again," she said.

Afghanistan Test in doubt over Taliban women's sport ban
Photo shows Aaron Finch drives hard through the covers while the wicketkeeper watches on.

The historic first Test match between Australia and Afghanistan would be cancelled if the Taliban supports a ban on women playing sport, according to Cricket Australia.

A rising cricket power?

During the Taliban's earlier rule in the 1990s, Afghan cricket was nurtured by refugees picking up the game in Pakistan.

Closely following the Afghanistan team from its early days, local commentator and former media manager of the Afghanistan Cricket Board, Ibrahim Momand, told the ABC the Afghans have brought a new life and flare to the game.

"I can think of no other team with such a steady and rapid growth and fan following as Afghanistan has secured in the past few years in all formats of cricket," he said.

Ever since its early days, Afghanistan has steadily risen in fame and ranks by securing full membership of the International Cricket Council in 2017.

Zohal Meraj and her brother Zahil Meraj are looking forward to seeing Afghanistan stand-out Rashid Khan play on Australian soil.  (Supplied)

Amid the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Afghanistan, Mr Momand said the people had pinned their hopes for some good news on the cricketers.

Players from Afghanistan such as Rashid Khan, Mohammad Nabi and Rehmanullah Gurbaz are now big names thanks to their participation and performances in many commercial leagues, including the Big Bash.

The rise of Afghan cricket
Photo shows Rashid Khan and the Adelaide Strikers celebrate the wicket of Brisbane's Chris Lynn

Cricket in Afghanistan has come a long way in a short amount of time, with the Big Bash League offering a platform for players who once had to play in secret due to the Taliban's orders.

Nonetheless, veteran Australian cricket writer and commentator Gideon Haigh said the young Afghan squad had a tough task ahead of them.  

"They are going to struggle to make up the difference," he said.

"That said, they have got a handful of world class players and we know the impact a world class player can have in the shorter formats."

But for the Afghan-Aussies, winning or losing doesn't matter at this early stage for their national cricket team.

"At the end of the day, it is all about getting experience and utilising the opportunity of playing against big teams," said Mr Ahmadzai.

"Win or lose, we are proud of the team."

Get a morning news briefing in your inbox
Subscribe to our ABC NewsMail bringing you breaking news from overnight, plus a heads-up on the stories that will shape your day.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Fri 21 Oct 2022 at 7:35pm
Friday 21 Oct 2022 at 7:35pm
Related stories

Topic:
Veterans

Cricket match brings Afghan interpreters and ADF veterans together to heal wounds
Photo shows Two men holding a trophy

Topic:
Sport

Ian Chappell leads cricket greats in Afghanistan fundraising campaign
Photo shows Ian Chappell holds a bat and smiles in a promotional shot. A cricket oval is superimposed as the background.

Topic:
Economic Development Incentive

On the anniversary of the fall of Kabul, Afghan refugees reflect on the highs and lows of coming to Australia
Photo shows picture of a woman and a child sitting on a rock by the beach
Related topics

Afghanistan

Government and Politics

Melbourne

Refugees

Women’s National Cricket League

Top Stories
Australians work some of the longest hours in the world. This law might change that in 2025

Topic:
Work

Photo shows A woman of Asian heritage sits at the kitchen table resting her chin on her hand, exhausted. Children play behind her.
Australian dollar inching toward levels where RBA may step in

Topic:
Currency

Woolworths says it will 'do more' to celebrate Australia Day

Topic:
Australia Day

Driver runs down two New Zealand police officers, killing one

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

FBI says it has made 'largest seizure of explosives' in its history

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

Just In
Shark found dumped outside farm believed to be bronze whaler

Topic:
Animals

39m ago
39 minutes ago
Carey says SCG Test will be 'Mitch's time' for under-pressure all-rounder

Topic:
Cricket

1h ago
1 hours ago
Brilliant Birrell's injury hell adds perspective to superb victory over Navarro

Topic:
Tennis

1h ago
1 hours ago
Blake Lively files lawsuit, Justin Baldoni sues New York Times for $400 million

Topic:
Courts

1h ago
1 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2022-10-22/afghanistan-rise-fame-cricket-rekindles-hopes-t20-australia/101530840 
 ----- 
