This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link:
Privacy Policy
Customize Settings
ADVERTISEMENT
Minnesota News You Can Use
Subscribe

TWINS

Twins players, staff soak up the celebration after clinching division championship

With a playoff berth the reward for a successful six-month season, the Twins partied hard in their clubhouse following Friday's victory.

By Bobby Nightengale

SEPTEMBER 24, 2023 AT 12:49AM
(Renee Jones Schneider, Star Tribune/The Minnesota Star Tribune)
ADVERTISEMENT

Rocco Baldelli stood in the middle of the Twins clubhouse, not long after his team clinched its first playoff berth since 2020, and he gave a short speech.

"We followed through on what we said we were going to do," the fifth-year manager said to his players, all of whom were equipped with goggles. "We said it. We did it. Now we really get to work. Tonight, we celebrate. So, celebrate."

As soon as Baldelli finished his last word, champagne bottles sprayed everywhere, and Budweiser beer cans flew across the room. After six months, the Twins were American League Central champions.

Twins manager Rocco Baldelli addressed the team in the clubhouse after winning Friday night, (Renee Jones Schneider, Star Tribune/The Minnesota Star Tribune)

It's the party to commemorate the season's ups and downs. Kyle Farmer sprayed Sonny Gray in the back with champagne as another teammate dumped beer over Farmer's head. As soon as Farmer was done, Gray turned around and sprayed champagne in Farmer's face. They hugged afterward.

Players took turns in the middle of the room as the No. 1 target for all the champagne and beer with music pulsing through the room. One moment it was a shirtless Carlos Correa. Another minute, it was rookie Royce Lewis.

"That's what it should look like," said Baldelli, who watched from a few feet away. "That's exactly what it should look like right there. Can someone take a picture of that and send it to me? Because I want to see that later."

Kenta Maeda, who has pitched in 25 postseason games, is a veteran of the clinching parties. He stood atop the drink cart and sprayed drinks on teammates from above them. At one point, Maeda, Dallas Keuchel and Chris Paddack were among a group playing rock, paper, scissors, where the loser had to lie on the ground for a merciless beer shower.

It didn't matter if a player was a World Series champion or a first-time playoff entrant, days like Friday are special to everyone. Michael A. Taylor made sure to douse members of the team's support staff.

ADVERTISEMENT

Kenta Maeda led a wild celebration in the Twins clubhouse Friday night. (Renee Jones Schneider, Star Tribune/The Minnesota Star Tribune)

Lewis, after the initial champagne-spraying frenzy, began walking around the room to take selfies with everyone. Alex Kirilloff paused at one point to take a picture as he stood on the outer edge. Joe Ryan hugged pitching coach Pete Maki, then poured beer down his coach's back as they both started laughing.

"To see it pay off the way it did, it's hard to put into words," Byron Buxton said. "It's been a long year. Not just for myself, but for everybody in here. There was a lot of mental preparation that goes into it. It feels amazing."

As the middle of the clubhouse turned into a champagne-and-beer-soaked puddle, players reminisced on how their season changed after the All-Star break. The Twins swept Oakland in their first series out of the break and things started clicking offensively.

"It's all about believing," Max Kepler said. "In baseball, sometimes you do everything right and you don't get the result. You just have to keep going. Everybody in here is gifted and talented. It's starting to show."

Cigars eventually were passed around the room. Once the drinks stopped spraying as frequently, players looked for photographers, so they could document the night.

"Last year we had it kind of ripped out of our grasp," said Ryan Jeffers, as he held two slices from Pizza Lucé. "This year coming in was a little more of a drive, a little bit more, 'This division is ours.' We really believed in what we had and knew it would come together and when it did, we'd be dangerous."

ADVERTISEMENT

After troubles at the end of last season, it was nothing but bubbles in the Twins clubhouse Friday night after clinching the AL Central Division title. (Renee Jones Schneider, Star Tribune/The Minnesota Star Tribune)

Speaking to fans from the field after the 8-6 victory over the Angels, Farmer promised a win to end the franchise's 18-game postseason losing streak, which dates to 2004.

"Ever since I became a Twin, I read about it, I've heard about it," Pablo López said of the playoff losing streak. "The 2023 Twins were built differently. We're a different breed. We're going to go out there and show everyone what we can do when we're on the field. We can take on anyone."

The playoffs, however, can wait for a couple more weeks. Friday was about a team celebrating a goal they sought for the past six months.

"This one feels different," Buxton said. "Just being at home, being in front of the home crowd to win it. The bond we've got with the guys in here. It makes it that much more better."

Share
Comment
ABOUT THE WRITER
Bobby Nightengale
MINNESOTA TWINS REPORTER

Bobby Nightengale joined the Minnesota Star Tribune in May, 2023, after covering the Reds for the Cincinnati Enquirer for five years. He's a graduate of Bradley University.

See More
More from Twins
See More

TWINS

Twins acquire catcher Diego Cartaya from Dodgers; arbitration eligible players all agree to contracts

Diego Cartaya was a promising prospect who stalled in the Los Angeles organization.

SPORTS

Justin Verlander and the Giants agree to a $15 million, 1-year contract, AP source says

Justin Verlander and the San Francisco Giants have agreed to a $15 million, one-year contract, according to a person with direct knowledge of the negotiations.

TWINS

Twins say they want to play in Minneapolis for decades to come

The team has agreed in principle to extending its lease through 2059 if the Legislature signs off on continuing the sales tax that built Target Field.

ADVERTISEMENT

To leave a comment, log in or create an account.

ADVERTISEMENT
COMPANY
About Us
Contact Us
Work for Us
News in Education
Minnesota’s Best
High School Sports Hubs
Mobile and Tablet Apps
Policies and Standards
ADVERTISE
Get in Touch
Advertising Opportunities
Media Kit
Classifieds
Public Notices
Obituaries
BUY
Strib Store
Photo Reprints
Full Page Archive: 150+ years
Back Copies
Commercial Reprints
Licensing
SUPPORT
Help and Feedback
Manage Your Account
Newspaper Subscriptions
Digital Access
eEdition
Text to Speech
WEBSITE
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Site Index
RSS

© 2025 StarTribune.All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.startribune.com/minnesota-twins-players-clubhouse-celebration-al-central-division-champagne-beer-cigars/600306939 
 ----- 
