Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
ADVERTISEMENT
ANGELS
Jo Adell and Kenny Rosenberg lift Angels to victory over Twins
Angels starting pitcher Kenny Rosenberg delivers during the first inning of a 1-0 victory over the Minnesota Twins at Target Field on Saturday. (Abbie Parr / Associated Press)
By BRIAN HALL
Associated Press
Sept. 23, 2023 Updated 3:18 PM PT
Share

MINNEAPOLIS —  Jo Adell homered, Kenny Rosenberg outpitched Sonny Gray and the Angels beat the Twins 1-0 on Saturday, a day after Minnesota clinched the American League Central title.

Rosenberg (2-2), a 28-year-old left-hander making his fourth big league start and ninth appearance, gave up five hits and two walks in five innings with five strikeouts. Carlos Estévez, the Angels’ fourth reliever, hit Kyle Farmer with a pitch starting the ninth, then got three straight outs for his 31st save in 35 chances.

“Sometimes your best results aren’t necessarily your best execution or your best stuff,” Rosenberg said. “I felt like I was good. I didn’t feel like I had my best stuff, but navigated some runners on base in the first inning and then a couple really nice plays behind me defensively.”

ADVERTISEMENT

ANGELS

Angels’ rally in ninth falls short as Twins win to claim AL Central crown
Sept. 22, 2023

Gray (8-8) gave up a fourth-inning homer to Adell on a first-pitch sinker, just the eighth home run off Gray this season. He gave up four hits in six innings and struck out eight, lowering his ERA from 2.84 to 2.80, second in the AL to the New York Yankees’ Gerrit Cole at 2.75.

Gray possibly will make one more regular-season start. He has pitched 180 innings, his most since throwing 208 in 2015. He is the eighth pitcher since 2000 to throw at least 180 innings with eight or fewer homers given up.

“I felt strong. I felt convicted,” Gray said. “I tried to just enjoy everything that I could yesterday and last night, then also know that, for me, I had a job to do today.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Starting in place of injured center fielder Mike Trout, Adell hit a 428-foot drive to center for his third homer this season. Adell also made a leaping catch in front of the wall to rob Michael A. Taylor in the sixth.

“He’s so strong that it may not hit the middle of the barrel, he can still get them out,” Angels manager Phil Nevin said of Adell. “He’s impressing me. He really has. It’s just the work he’s put in, the improvements he’s made over the time I’ve gotten here till now. I’m not sure I’ve seen someone improve that much over a short period of time.”

The Angels (70-85), assured of their eighth straight losing season, won for just the second time in nine games.

After their late-night celebration of a division title, several of the Twins regulars were out of the lineup. But Minnesota clinched the AL Central for the third time in five seasons under manager Rocco Baldelli and likely will be the No. 3 seed for the postseason.

ADVERTISEMENT

There is a small chance the Twins could catch the AL West leader for the No. 2 seed and a first-round bye, but Baldelli conceded before the game that scenario is unlikely.

ANGELS

Hernández: Shohei Ohtani’s time with Angels has not been a waste. It’s elevated him to be who he is now
Sept. 16, 2023

“We’re going to try to win every game and see what happens at that point,” Baldelli said before the game. “I do know it’s very unlikely even if we win virtually every game from here on out. To get a bye, it’s going to be a very difficult thing.”

Streak extended: Nolan Schanuel singled in the eighth inning off Josh Winder, extending his streak of reaching base at the start of his big league career to 26 games. Schanuel, the 11th overall pick in this year’s amateur draft, trails only Alvin Davis (47 games in 1984), Truck Hannah (38 games in 1918) and Enos Slaughter (29 in 1938).

Injury updates: Left-hander Tyler Anderson will not start as scheduled Sunday and will be placed on the injured list with left knee soreness, ending his first season with the Angels. Anderson was scheduled to start the series finale but was experiencing more soreness following a bullpen session Friday. Anderson, 26, ends the season with a 6-6 record, a 5.43 ERA and 119 strikeouts in 141 innings. ... Nevin said Anthony Rendon (tibia fracture) won’t return this season. ... Jamie Barría (right hamstring tightness) was activated from the 15-day injured list. Jhonathan Diaz was optioned to triple-A Salt Lake.

More to Read
Angels’ season ends with shutout loss to the Rangers
Sept. 29, 2024
Reid Detmers struggles and Angels give up 20 hits in loss to Astros
Sept. 21, 2024
Angels struggle to generate offense against Yusei Kikuchi and Astros in loss
Sept. 13, 2024
ANGELS
Newsletter

Go beyond the scoreboard

Get the latest on L.A.'s teams in the daily Sports Report newsletter.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Have Padres, Diamondbacks given up trying to keep pace with Dodgers? They’ve stood pat so far
Dec. 13, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024

SPORTS

Dave Parker, Dick Allen are elected to baseball’s Hall of Fame
Dec. 8, 2024

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani to recoup $325,000 in baseball cards. Ex-interpreter still owes him $16 million
Dec. 3, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Los Angeles has never seen this level of destruction: ‘Everything is burned down’
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
These are the Malibu and Altadena restaurants damaged or destroyed by ongoing L.A. fires
Before-and-after satellite images show destruction in Malibu and Altadena
Latest Angels
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Want to buy spring training tickets for the Dodgers? They won’t be cheap
Nov. 18, 2024
Rays stadium drama and potential relocation could upend MLB’s expansion plans
Nov. 16, 2024
How to watch the Angels and Dodgers next year amid MLB’s uncertain TV future
Nov. 15, 2024
Infielder Kevin Newman agrees to one-year, $2.75-million deal with Angels
Nov. 14, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/angels/story/2023-09-23/angels-twins-jo-adell-kenny-rosenberg-mlb 
 ----- 
