Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Tom Brady coach candidate
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NBA
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Winners
NBA
NBA luxury tax: teams on both coasts top all-time list of biggest spenders

History shows that NBA teams often perform better when they spend less money

Anthony Davis, Lakers center (left) and Julius Randle, Knicks forward (right)LAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 22/09/2023 - 19:31 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NBA. Damian Lillard shows love to Blazers fan as trade is expected to happen shortly
NBA. Draymond Green takes aim at media for 'leaks' -- but practically confirms Warriors' new star signing

The New Orleans Pelicans and Charlotte Hornets are the only two NBA teams who have managed to avoid paying a luxury tax since its inception 20 seasons ago. The five biggest spenders, meanwhile, are all located on either coast of the country, according to HoopsHype.

Each season, the league sets a new salary cap for teams, and those who exceed the limit are forced to pay a luxury tax. These penalizations make sure franchises are on an even playing field, though some would like alterations to the system.

Stephen Curry is from another planet, makes 150 three-pointers without a miss in five minutes!Roberto Ortega

The Golden State Warriors are the main culprit when it comes to paying exorbitant amounts of money in luxury tax. They argue, however, that drafting the players whose salaries send them over the cap should not count.

Warriors have spent $334 million over the past two seasons due to the league's repeater tax punishment and are slated to pay over $200 million this coming year.

Golden State's spending has been anything but frivolous. They are two seasons removed from winning their fourth NBA title in less than a decade. Results are not always similar.

Knicks spending for nothing

The New York Knicks are the fourth-highest spenders when it comes to the luxury tax, but they have nothing to show for it, only reaching the playoffs twice in 10 taxpaying seasons.

In fact, history shows that the Knicks perform better when they spend less, which is curiously often the case.

MORE in MARCA
A photo sparks...
Marca
Taylor Swift...
Marca

Second and third on the top-5 list are the Brooklyn Nets and Los Angeles Clippers, two teams who have recently failed miserably in the postseason despite signing some of the league's best talent.

The Los Angeles Lakers, on the other hand, have won two titles as taxpayers and another below the cap during the "bubble" season. They are slowing down spending to avoid the repeater penalty.

Top 10 NBA luxury tax spenders ever
Golden State Warriors
Brooklyn Nets
Los Angeles Clippers
New York Knicks
Los Angeles Lakers
Dallas Mavericks
Cleveland Cavaliers
Milwaukee Bucks
Boston Celtics
Portland Trail Blazers
Golden State Warriors - English
Brooklyn Nets - English
Los Angeles Clippers - English
New York Knicks - English
Los Angeles Lakers - English
NCAAClippers star Kawhi Leonard makes rare public appearance to support Deion Sanders
Los Angeles LakersLos Angeles gym owner battles landlord over removal of Kobe Bryant mural
NBAShaq draws surprising parallel between Deion Sanders and Phil Jackson
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Travis Hunter and fiancee Leanna...
Marca
【百威旅遊】九州超值選５天～ 2月18、2 6日出發
百威旅遊
多功能工作桌｜垂直收納
宜得利家居
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
台灣人無需收入證明即可獲得貸款，這要歸功於以 下幾種選擇
貸款 | 搜尋廣告
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/basketball/nba/2023/09/23/650e2a78268e3e346b8b45a1.html 
 ----- 
