This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Notice

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
Open Main Menu Navigation
Open Search
RAIN ICON
46º
Go to the WJXT homepage
Sign In
Open the WJXT News4JAX Help Desk
NEWS
WEATHER
NEWS4JAX+
SPORTS
FEATURES
RIVER CITY LIVE
SNAPJAX
NEWSLETTERS
WJXT
CW17

BREAKING NEWS

LIVE: JSO, city officials honor officer shot in the line of duty in 2023
Show Breaking News Bar
SPORTS
Royals catch Guardians atop AL Central, move into tie for first after 6-1 win in rain delayed game

Tom Withers

Associated Press

Published: August 27, 2024 at 11:45 PM
Updated: August 28, 2024 at 12:46 AM
Tags: Maikel Garcia, Scott Barlow, Gavin Williams, Paul DeJong, Michael Massey, Bobby Witt Jr., Pedro Avila, Sports, James McArthur
Full Screen
1 / 15
Previous photo
Next photo
Kansas City Royals' Paul DeJong watches his home run in the second inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
Kansas City Royals' Maikel Garcia hits a single in the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
Rain bounces off a railing at Progressive Field during a rain delay in the fifth inning of a baseball game between the Kansas City Royals and the Cleveland Guardians, Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
Kansas City Royals' Maikel Garcia, right, celebrates his single with first base coach Damon Hollins (39) in the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
Kansas City Royals catcher Salvador Perez, left, and relief pitcher Chris Stratton, right, shake hands after defeating the Cleveland Guardians in a baseball game, Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
Kansas City Royals' MJ Melendez (1) gestures at second base after hitting a double in the eighth inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
Kansas City Royals' Kyle Isbel, right, is congratulated by teammate Bobby Witt Jr. (7) after scoring in the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
Kansas City Royals' Paul DeJong celebrates his home run in the second inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
Kansas City Royals center fielder Kyle Isbel (28) crashes into the outfield wall behind teammate Adam Frazier (26) after catching a fly ball hit for an out by Cleveland Guardians' Josh Naylor in the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
The Cleveland Guardians grounds crew brings out the tarp for a rain delay after the fifth inning of a baseball game between the Kansas City Royals and the Cleveland Guardians Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
The Cleveland Guardians grounds crew rolls out the tarp for a rain delay after the fifth inning of a baseball game between the Kansas City Royals and the Cleveland Guardians, Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
Cleveland Guardians' Gavin Williams pitches in the first inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
Cleveland Guardians second baseman Andres Gimenez fields a ground ball hit for an out by Kansas City Royals' Vinnie Pasquantino in the first inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
Cleveland Guardians' David Fry, right, scores behind Kansas City Royals catcher Salvador Perez, left, on a single hit by Lane Thomas in the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
Kansas City Royals' Paul DeJong (15) flips his bat in front of Cleveland Guardians fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.

Kansas City Royals' Paul DeJong watches his home run in the second inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

CLEVELAND – After four months and a lengthy rain delay, there's a second team sitting atop the AL Central.

The Royals have run down the Guardians.

Recommended Videos

JU president says new medical school will be economic catalyst; Georgia Senate runoff enters final stretch
Unmute
Duration 
27:51
/
Current Time 
0:00
Advanced Settings
Fullscreen
Play
Rewind 10 Seconds
Up Next

Paul DeJong hit a two-run homer and Kansas City moved into a tie for first with Cleveland by beating the Guardians 6-1 on Tuesday night in a game delayed more than two hours by rain.

The Royals, who lost 106 games last season, improved to a league-best 23-13 since the All-Star break, when they trailed the Guardians by seven games.

“That’s our goal, to win the division," Kansas City manager Matt Quatraro said. “Clearly nothing is decided. We got a month-plus to go, but we like the way we’re playing. Our guys are super competitive. They don’t back down from anything and this is what a pennant race should be.”

Cleveland had led the division since April 14 — 154 days — before dropping the first three games in this series, which concludes with a matinee Wednesday. The Guardians have lost nine of 12 and are just 17-21 since the break.

Cleveland had a nine-game lead on June 26. It's gone now.

“For me, it’s about the end of the season,” first-year manager Stephen Vogt said. "It doesn’t matter how you get there. What matters is that we do get there. Yeah, if you want to look back at the standings, you have a big lead that’s early in the season, that’s why you play 162 games.

“There’s nothing that says in this final stretch that we don’t go on a run. There’s nothing that says we don’t do it again. So you can’t look at the standings and worry about where you are on any given day. You’ve got to wait one day at a time, look where you are at the end of the season and then see where it lands.”

DeJong connected in the second inning off Gavin Williams (2-7), and the Royals tacked on three runs in the seventh off Scott Barlow on RBI singles by Maikel Garcia and Michael Massey, to go along with a wild pitch.

James McArthur (5-5) struck out four in two innings, and the Royals' solid bullpen closed with five perfect innings following the rain delay. The Guardians were held to just three hits.

Kansas City's win came with a minor scare.

All-Star shortstop Bobby Witt Jr. got hit on the right hand by a pitch from Pedro Avila in the seventh inning. Witt grabbed his right hand in pain, but the majors' leader in average, hits and runs stayed in the game and ripped a double in the ninth.

Quatraro said Witt got hit on the right middle finger. In the clubhouse, Witt indicated to reporters he was OK.

Cleveland was coming to bat in the bottom of the fifth — and three outs from making the game official — when the ballpark's grounds crew rolled out the tarp at 8:06 p.m. to cover the infield before the rain hit.

When it finally came and lightning raced across the sky above Progressive Field, fans retreated for protection in the concourses. The game was delayed for 2 hours, 14 minutes before resuming at 10:20 p.m. with few thousand die-hards on hand.

DeJong, who came over in a trade with the last-place White Sox in July, said the Royals killed time during the delay by playing video games in the clubhouse. He said All-Star catcher Salvado Perez even tried to learn to play chess.

DeJong said he quickly recognized the Royals have a special group.

“Watching them from the outside in, you saw they got their core pieces," he said. "They got starting pitching. They got Salvador Perez and Bobby Witt, so it’s a great combo right there to build a team around.

“It’s nice to have those guys, but we have depth and guys who can play all over. A lot of guys are contributing from a lot of different angles and a lot of things are going our way.”

Royals starter Michael Lorenzen left in the second after straining his left hamstring while covering first base. Quatraro said Lorenzen will return to Kansas City on Wednesday to undergo imaging tests.

“We think it’s mild, but doubtful he’ll be able to pitch in five days,” Quatraro said. “We’ll have to wait until tomorrow.”

TRAINER'S ROOM

Royals: OF Hunter Renfroe (strained right hamstring) continues to undergo treatment and Quatraro said the hope is “to get him back out there as quickly as we can.” Renfroe was placed on the 10-day injured list on Sunday after his leg tightened against Philadelphia.

Guardians: RHP Alex Cobb (broken fingernail) threw three simulated innings in a live batting practice against minor leaguers before the game. Cobb is eligible to come off the injured list on Sunday. Vogt said the team is still determining whether to have him go on a minor league rehab assignment.

UP NEXT

Guardians RHP Tanner Bibee (10-6, 3.46 ERA) starts the series finale against Royals RHP Michael Wacha (11-6, 3.23 ERA), who is 7-0 with a 2.40 ERA in 10 starts since June 22.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Click here to take a moment and familiarize yourself with our Community Guidelines.

Marketplace
Sell Your Items - Free to List
Visit Full Marketplace

Baslco Fair Isle Print High Waist Leggings,Black Multicolore...

$12

FRANK S. | sellwild.com

Decorum leather jacket

$150

BARBARA B. | sellwild.com

Powered by

READ NEXT
Mother of Jacksonville teen killed hours after high school graduation aims to keep his memory alive with special event
U.S. Attorney for Southern District of Georgia announces resignation

FEATURED SNAPJAX
Tasha McCray

Tasha and Sham! The oldest and baby of eight children.

 Write A Comment..
Ed Van Voorhis 904.

Ed Van. Families home in dahlonega Georgia. This Sunday morning

 Write A Comment..

Recommended Videos

1
/
5
This Week in Jacksonville: Reflections on President Jimmy Carter
Read More
Play Video
TOP ARTICLES
DEALS 4 JAX
Here's how to get fabulous items to make life around the house easier, more organized and tidy — all while saving big.
Save big on home organization and comfort with these Insider Deals
Read full article: Save big on home organization and comfort with these Insider Deals
Make 2025 the year of budget-friendly, one-stop shopping by joining Sam's Club
Make 2025 the year of budget-friendly, one-stop shopping by joining Sam’s Club
Read full article: Make 2025 the year of budget-friendly, one-stop shopping by joining Sam’s Club
BACK TO TOP

TV Listings

Email Newsletters

RSS Feeds

Contests and Rules

Contact Us

Careers at WJXT / WCWJ

Closed Captioning / Audio Description

WJXT Public File

WJXT EEO Report

WCWJ Public File

WCWJ EEO Report

Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Do Not Sell My Info

FCC Applications

Cookie Preferences

FOLLOW US
Visit our YouTube page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Facebook page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Instagram page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our X page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our RSS Feed page (opens in a new tab)
GET RESULTS WITH OMNE

If you need help with the Public File, call (904) 393-9801.

At WJXT, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.

Copyright © 2025 News4JAX.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.

 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.news4jax.com/sports/2024/08/28/paul-dejong-homers-as-royals-catch-guardians-atop-al-central-with-6-1-win-in-game-delayed-by-rain/ 
 ----- 
