मराठी
 
हिंदी
 
Times Now
Follow us on :
 
 
 
 
CRICKET
FOOTBALL
TENNIS
OTHERS
BADMINTON
WWE
ESPORTS
 
LIVE TV
 
MORE+
News> Sports News > Cricket News
Ind vs Eng, 1st T20I: Virat Kohli all praise for Bhuvneshwar Kumar as pacer returns from long injury layoff
Cricket
Aditya Sahay
Updated Mar 12, 2021 | 06:45 IST
Indian captain Virat Kohli was all praise for Bhuvneshwar Kumar ahead of the 1st T20I vs England, which will be played at the Narendra Modi Cricket Stadium, Ahmedabad on Friday (March 12).
Virat Kohli heaps praise on Bhuvneshwar Kumar ahead of 1st T20I vs England.  |  Photo Credit: AP
KEY HIGHLIGHTS
Indian captain Virat Kohli was all praise for Bhuvneshwar Kumar ahead of the 1st T20I vs England
Bhuvneshwar Kumar is returning to the Team India line-up from a long injury layoff
Bhuvi last played for the Men in Blue in December 2019 vs West Indies at home

Bhuvneshwar Kumar has been one of India's go-to-bowler in the shorter formats in the last 3-4 years. However, Bhuvi last played for Team India in December 2019 before injury kept him out of action for some time. While he was in-line to make his comeback in the India-South Africa ODIs at home in mid-March 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic led to the series' cancellation altogether.

From thereon, Bhuvi appeared on the cricket field when he represented the Sunrisers Hyderabad (SRH) franchise in IPL 2020 before another injury, i.e. a thigh injury, made him miss the major part of the tournament and the entire tour of Australia.

As the 31-year-old Bhuvi is gearing up for his comeback after a long gap, Indian captain Virat Kohli is all praise for his premier speedster. Kohli said in the pre-match virtual press conference ahead of the 1st T20I versus England, "Bhuvi is shaping up really nice. He is a smart operator like we have seen in the past. He has clear understanding what he wants to do and is one of our most experienced T20 bowlers. He is the guy you can bank on, so glad to have him back."

️ "Very glad to have Bhuvi back."

Ahead of the @Paytm #INDvENG T20I series opener, #TeamIndia skipper @imVkohli speaks about @BhuviOfficial's return to the side pic.twitter.com/26DCpBbd90
— BCCI (@BCCI) March 11, 2021

Kohli further opined on the youngsters in the squad, such as Ishan Kishan, Washington Sundar, Axar Patel, Rishabh Pant, etc., and said, "Guys who can be 'x factors' with the bat and do things which are the need of the hour in T20 cricket. These guys have done so on a regular basis in the IPL so we have tried to cover all those basis. Now it will be interesting to see how they go about in these five games."

Having not had enough options in the past, the 32-year-old Kohli is content with what he has at his disposal currently. "These are the only five games we have as a team before the World Cup and we want to see how these guys fare in the middle. I feel the squad right now we have barring Jaddu, who will come back whenever fit, is the most balanced in terms of the options available to take the field as and when required," he added.

RELATED NEWS
Virat Kohli posts adorable pic with Anushka Sharma on the occasion of their daughter's 2-month b'day - see pic
Rohit Sharma, KL Rahul will open: Virat Kohli confirms Team India's opening combination for England T20Is
Eoin Morgan says England "massively benefitted" from priceless IPL

All the five T20Is will be played at the iconic Narendra Modi Cricket Stadium, Ahmedabad before Pune hosts the three ODIs. The five-match T20I series holds great significance for both sides as preparations are in full swing now for the T20 World Cup, which will be held in India in late 2021.

Get Sports news including Cricket Live Updates, Football, Tennis, Badminton, WWE and other Sports on Times Now

LATEST SPORTS NEWS
Only a pragmatic taxation regime will make the online gaming industry viable
We try to help niche companies in India develop into sports professionals: Parimatch
Poker is increasingly gaining popularity as the top mind sport: ACL winner Arun Sriram
GoodGameNation enters partnership with Indian youth community platform Viral Fission
Fantasy Sports is bringing fans closer to lesser-known sports
Now Available On
 
 
 
 
News
Home
India
Business
Viral News
Health
Education
Sports
Videos
World
Latest News
Auto
Cryptonow
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Syndication
Editorial Guidelines
Reference Interconnect Offers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Watch Live TV
Times NOW
ET NOW
Mirror NOW
© Bennett Coleman & Company Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/article/hes-the-guy-you-can-bank-on-virat-kohli-all-praise-for-bhuvneshwar-kumar-as-pacer-returns-from-long-injury-layoff-india-vs-england-1st-t20i/731351 
 ----- 
