Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
MLB
Massive Yankees offseason begins as underwhelming campaign ends with whimper
By Greg Joyce
Published Oct. 1, 2023, 6:00 p.m. ET
236

KANSAS CITY, Mo. — A critical Yankees offseason is officially underway.

An underwhelming season that began with championship aspirations ended on Sunday with a 5-2 loss to the Royals at Kauffman Stadium.

While 12 other teams will now move on to the postseason, the Yankees (82-80) will watch from home as they undergo a deep dive into the organization in hopes of returning to the playoffs next year.

“We need to be playing this time of year,” manager Aaron Boone said. “So that’s the first thing. But again, take a little bit of solace in how these guys continued to show up, continued to prepare, continued to compete all the way till the end. Played well down the stretch when it wasn’t necessarily an easy thing to do. So I’m appreciative of that, but we know we need to be playing this time of year, and that’s ultimately the takeaway.”

Yankees pitcher Michael King looks on after giving up a home run to the Royals’ Dairon Blanco in the fourth inning on Sunday.
Getty Images

Michael King had the worst of his eight straight starts to end the season — giving up four runs, including a career-high three home runs, across four innings against the Royals (56-106) — but he still showed enough for Boone to say he expects King to be part of the rotation next season.

“I feel like he’s got a chance to be a really outstanding starter in this league,” Boone said. “Looking forward to seeing that happen next year.”

King said Boone gave him that same message after he was pulled on Sunday as he finished the season with a 1.88 ERA in eight starts and 38 ⅓ innings since transitioning from the bullpen.

“It means a lot,” King said. “Obviously it’s not how I wanted to go out, but it’s nice to hear from your manager. I got a ton of respect for him and I really appreciate him giving me the opportunity.”

Aaron Judge played the final two months of the season on a less-than-100 percent healthy toe after tearing a ligament in it on June 3.

But he said Sunday he is not planning on having surgery.

Aaron Judge (r.) and Giancarlo Stanton (l.) look on from the Yankees’ dugout during the fifth inning on Sunday.
Getty Images

“We’re going to knock a couple things out early in the year once this season is over with,” Judge said. “I’m planning on a regular offseason. The ligament’s healing up. I think the biggest thing is I haven’t stayed off it, so it’s not fully healed. Once I get off it for a week or two, I think we’ll be good.”

Boone got choked up talking about former Red Sox knuckleballer Tim Wakefield, who died Sunday at the age of 57.

“Just kind of brokenhearted over that,” said Boone, who will forever be linked with Wakefield after hitting a walk-off home run against him in Game 7 of the 2003 ALCS. “Just praying for their family and thoughts to all the Red Sox organization, but around baseball where Tim was beloved. Obviously a sad day.”

Rookie catcher Austin Wells went 3-for-4 with a pair of doubles.

236

What do you think? Post a comment.

After going 3-for-29 (.103) in his first eight big-league games, he hit .317 (13-for-41) in his last 11 games., including nine extra-base hits.

FILED UNDER MICHAEL KING  NEW YORK YANKEES  10/1/23
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
People Are Talking About Melania's Coat At Carter's Funeral
PageSix.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Florida Woman Kills Estranged Husband During Divorce
Oxygen.com
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
These Big Stars Have Lost It All To LA's Ravaging Wildfires
PageSix.com
Ivanka Trump Flaunts Her Killer Figure In Swimsuit Snaps
NickiSwift.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-Out
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/10/01/massive-yankees-offseason-begins-as-2023-ends-with-whimper/ 
 ----- 
