Skip to content
Subscribe Now
20°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Active Seniors
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
Miguel Cabrera’s career coming to close with Tigers, leaving lasting legacy in MLB and Venezuela
FILE – Detroit Tigers’ Miguel Cabrera leaves the dugout to acknowledge the crowd as he is honored for his recent 500th career home run in the first inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays, Aug. 27, 2021, in Detroit. Cabrera, one of the greatest hitters of all time, is retiring after the Tigers wrap up their season Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023, and baseball’s last Triple Crown winner is leaving a lasting legacy in the game and his native Venezuela. (AP Photo/Jose Juarez, File)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
PUBLISHED: September 30, 2023 at 1:45 PM EDT

By Larry Lage

DETROIT — Miguel Cabrera sat in a gray chair beside his two stalls in the Detroit Tigers’ clubhouse early in the final week of his career, sorting through stuff to get shipped.

Major League Baseball’s only Triple Crown winner since 1967 stuffed dozens of barely used cleats and a bunch of batting gloves in a cardboard box at his feet. Cabrera then put a slew of balls he had signed, each in a zip lock bag, in a tote.

RELATED ARTICLES
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
Tigers projected to have mediocre 2025 season

The bottle of wine, in bubble wrap, that the Oakland Athletics gave him last week along with his personal belongings are being sent to his home in Miami.

Where’s he going to put it all?

“I don’t know,” the 40-year-old Cabrera said with a shrug and a grin.

For Cabrera — and baseball fans — there’s a lot to unpack from the career of one of the best hitters ever.

Cabrera’s career will end Sunday afternoon against Cleveland at Comerica Park, where a sold-out crowd will include a few thousands fans paying for standing-room only tickets to cheer him on one more time.

The 12-time All-Star leaves the game with an impressive legacy. The popular player has also provided a desperately needed jolt of joy in his native Venezuela during a crisis that has pushed millions into poverty and compelled 7.3 million people to migrate.

Cabrera, who made his major league debut at 20 with the Florida Marlins, has put himself in the conversation with all-time greats at the plate.

1 of 17

FILE - Sixteen-year-old Miguel Cabrera, of Maracay, Venezuela, looks on during a press conference where it was announced that he had been signed by the Florida Marlins to a Gulf Coast League contract with the Melbourne Marlins, prior to a game between the Marlins and the Philadelphia Phillies, Aug. 4, 1999, at Pro Player Stadium in Miami. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File)

“Hitting a baseball is one of the hardest things to do in sports, and he and Albert Pujols are the two best that I’ve seen do it my 60 years in baseball,” Jim Leyland, who managed Cabrera in Detroit, said in a telephone interview this week. “It’s on paper, and in the books.”

When Cabrera led the majors with a .330 batting average, 44 homers and 139 RBIs in 2012, he was the first to win a Triple Crown since Carl Yastrzemski did it in 1967 with the Boston Red Sox.

Last year, he joined Hank Aaron and Albert Pujols as the three players in baseball history with 3,000 hits, 500 homers and 600 doubles.

“One of the things that made Miggy really special is the way he could drive the ball to all fields,” said Philadelphia Phillies team president Dave Dombrowski, who ran the Marlins when they signed Cabrera as a teenager and later acquired him in a blockbuster trade. “He could hit to right field as if he was a left-handed pull hitter.

“Miggy also had so much grit, playing at times when he was hurt badly, and always had a smile on his face because he loves the game so much.”

Cabrera is from the Venezuelan city of Maracay, which is known for producing bullfighters and ballplayers, including Houston Astros star Jose Altuve. He grew up following fellow countrymen Davey Concepcion, Omar Vizquel and Andres Galarraga.

“I wanted to follow them to make it to the big leagues,” Cabrera said in an interview with The Associated Press. “I say to people from Venezuela, ‘I think our baseball is safe with Ronald Acuña.’”

The 25-year-old Acuña, an Atlanta Braves outfielder, became the first player in major league history on Wednesday night to have 40 homers and 70 stolen bases in the same season.

FILE – Detroit Tigers’ Miguel Cabrera plays during a baseball game, Sunday, July 24, 2022, in Detroit. The United States’ Mike Trout and Mookie Betts, Japan’s Shohei Ohtani and Venezuela’s Miguel Cabrera and Jose Altuve are among eight Most Valuable Players on rosters for next month’s World Baseball Classic. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio, File)

“There’s a lot of Venezuelan baseball players who are doing great things over here and playing well,” Acuña said through a translator. “I think we’re all doing a good job of just continuing that, but as far as Venezuelan players are concerned, Miguel Cabrera is like a Venezuelan baseball god.”

The Marlins gave Cabrera $1.8 million to sign when he was 16, and after three seasons in the minors, they called him up. He provided a glimpse of what was to come in his major league debut, hitting a walk-off, 11th-inning homer.

Cabrera cleared the fences three times as a rookie in the NL Championship Series and hit an opposite-field homer off Roger Clemens to help Florida win the 2003 World Series.

He was an All-Star in each of his four full seasons in Florida. The financially strapped franchise traded him to the Tigers in December of 2007, and he flourished even more.

He won consecutive AL MVP awards in 2012 and 2013. Cabrera won five of his seven Silver Slugger awards and all four batting titles in Detroit, including becoming the first right-handed batter in either league to win three straight batting titles since Rogers Hornsby did in the early 1920s.

While the Tigers did have success in Cabrera’s prime, winning four straight division titles and reaching the 2012 World Series, they never won it all despite having him and some dominant pitching staffs. The 2014 team alone had what turned out to be five Cy Young Award winners in Justin Verlander, Max Scherzer, David Price, Rick Porcello and Robbie Ray.

Cabrera cashed in on his talent, signing a $152.3 million, eight-year contract in 2008 and a record-setting $292 million, 10-year contract in 2014.

In between the two deals, Cabrera acknowledged he had a drinking problem and spent three months in an outpatient treatment program following a much-publicized binge during the final weekend of the 2010 season.

Cabrera’s wife and children are expected to attend the games for what the team is calling “Miggy Celebration Weekend,” at Comerica Park.

Even though his production at the plate declined and he didn’t play first base much in recent years as the team struggled during rebuilds, it didn’t diminish how popular he is among major leaguers, in the Motor City and back home in Venezuela.

He established the Miguel Cabrera Foundation in 2007, and it funded the renovation of a Little League baseball stadium in Venezuela. He had clinics and competitions for kids in his native country until stopping in 2016 due to the political turmoil.

When a cancer-stricken Vietnam veteran, given three months to live by doctors, told the Tigers’ community relations department he wanted to meet his favorite player, Cabrera came through.

Wayne Ochadleus had his white Tigers jersey signed on the back — just above the 24 — by Cabrera before Tuesday night’s game against Kansas City and posed for pictures with him.

Detroit Tigers designated hitter Miguel Cabrera. acknowledges the crowd after being honored in a ceremony before a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park, Saturday, Aug. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Mary Schwalm)

“This is the best thing to happen in my life,” the 72-year-old Ochadelus said.

The Detroit Tigers Foundation has benefitted from Cabrera’s charisma and commitment to give back, including having him host a Keeping Kids in the Game event that has raised more than $3 million to assist children’s health and sports initiatives.

“I want people to remember me here in Detroit as not only coming here to play baseball,” he told the AP. “I want to be part of the community. It’s what I want to do after I retire.”

___

AP Sports Writer Charles Odum in Atlanta contributed to this report.

___

Follow Larry Lage at https://twitter.com/larrylage

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

Around the Web
Iowa: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
Council Bluffs: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Look for Any High School Yearbook, It's Free!
Classmates
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? You Won't Believe The Mind-bending Answer!
Tardive
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Council Bluffs: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Doing This Will Make Electricity Companies Angry, but They Can't Stop You
Saving Detector
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Squamous Cell Carcinoma is Silent - Know the Signals!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
Neurologist: 97% of People With Neuropathy Don't Know This Crucial Thing
WellnessGaze Neuro
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Doctor: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Pregnant Waitress Brought to Tears by Cop's Note
gloriousa
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Council Bluffs Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Don't Eat These 10 Dinner Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Health News | Joint Pain
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
10 Foods to Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Hair Loss is Not From Age or Genetics: Meet the Main Enemy
WG Hair Restore
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Suffering From Vertigo? Experts Swear by This One-minute Fix
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (Big Pharma Companies Hate This!)
Control Sugar Levels
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
Forget Metformin, Do This if You Have Diabetes (Genius)
WellnessGaze Diabetes
15 Foods You Must Avoid for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Gum Disease & Tooth Decay Vanish With This Strange Ritual
WellnessGaze Dental
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Diamonds
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Trey McKenney’s 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Trey McKenney's 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Macy’s to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
Macy’s to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2023
September
30
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place a Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Daily Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2023/09/30/miguel-cabreras-career-coming-to-close-with-tigers-leaving-lasting-legacy-in-mlb-and-venezuela/ 
 ----- 
