Skip to content
Subscribe Now
27°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Active Seniors
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
Skubal and Vierling lead the Tigers to a 3-1 victory over the White Sox
Detroit Tigers’ Matt Vierling hits a solo home run against the Chicago White Sox during the seventh inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 9, 2023, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Duane Burleson)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
PUBLISHED: September 9, 2023 at 9:26 PM EDT

DETROIT — Tarik Skubal pitched five scoreless innings and the Detroit Tigers held on for a 3-1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Saturday night.

Matt Vierling homered and scored twice for Detroit.

Skubal (5-3) allowed two hits while striking out nine. It was his second win over the White Sox in six days, having held them to two runs on seven hits Sunday.

Alex Lange got four outs for his 22nd save.

Jose Ureña (0-5) made his Chicago debut, permitting one run and four hits in four innings.

The White Sox struck out 15 times.

Chicago had two on with none out in the first, but Skubal struck out Luis Robert Jr. and Yoán Moncada on his way to escaping the inning.

1 of 8

Detroit Tigers' Tarik Skubal pitches against the Chicago White Sox during the second inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 9, 2023, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Duane Burleson)

The Tigers left runners on second and third in their half of the first, but took the lead in the second. With one out, Jake Rogers singled, went to second on Zack Short’s walk, moved to third on Akil Baddoo’s groundout and scored on Zach McKinstry’s single.

That was the only run until White Sox reliever Luis Patiño ran into trouble in the sixth. He allowed a leadoff single to Vierling, then walked Tyler Nevin and Rogers to load the bases with one out.

Short drew the third walk of the inning, forcing home Vierling. Patiño recovered to strike out Baddoo and retire Andy Ibañez, keeping the score 2-0.

Vierling made it 3-0 with a seventh-inning homer off Michael Kopech.

Yasmani Grandal led off the White Sox eighth with a pinch-hit double against Jason Foley and scored on Robert’s two-out single. An error by Short at shortstop put the potential tying runs on base, but Lange came out of the bullpen to retire Moncada.

ODD NIGHT

Nevin was on base four times without a hit. He grounded into a force play in the first, was hit by a pitch in the fourth, then walked in the sixth and seventh.

COMING OUT OF THE ‘PEN

Kopech made his first relief appearance since 2021, retiring his first two batters before Vierling’s homer. He had walked 22 hitters in his last 18 innings, allowing 19 runs. Kopech walked five while only getting five outs against the Tigers on Sunday. He is expected to remain in the bullpen for the rest of the season.

UP NEXT

RHP Sawyer Gipson-Long will make his major league debut for the Tigers on Sunday, pitching against Jesse Scholtens (1-7, 4.38 ERA) and the White Sox.

— Dave Hogg, The Associated Press

Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Bird flu outbreak reported at Hess-Hathaway Park in Waterford
Bird flu outbreak reported at Hess-Hathaway Park in Waterford
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Holly Hotel trial set for February
NYC mom stabbed to death defending young daughter in brawl with 20 women
NYC mom stabbed to death defending young daughter in brawl with 20 women
Opponents set: Here’s who the Detroit Lions will play in 2025
Opponents set: Here’s who the Detroit Lions will play in 2025
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2023
September
9
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place a Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Daily Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2023/09/09/skubal-and-vierling-lead-the-tigers-to-a-3-1-victory-over-the-white-sox/ 
 ----- 
