Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Kirby ready to turn the page after tough start
Share
Kirby ready to turn the page after tough start
September 9th, 2023

Daniel Kramer

@DKramer_
Share

0:05

0:45

ST. PETERSBURG -- Less than 24 hours after a frustrating loss in which he suggested that he felt his workload was being pushed past its limits, Mariners starter George Kirby said on Saturday that he’d apologized to manager Scott Servais for how the situation was handled.

“Obviously, I screwed up,” Kirby said. “That’s not me. ‘Skip’ has always got to pry that ball out of my hands. Just super uncharacteristic of me as a player and who I am out on that mound. I love competing. Like I said, I just screwed up. I'm really looking forward to next week, just going forward and enjoying time with the team and getting into the playoffs”

Kirby met with Servais and the Mariners coaching staff well before first pitch for Saturday’s matinee against the Rays at Tropicana Field and said it was a positive conversation. 

“They respected it,” Kirby said. “They're here to help with whatever I need.”

Servais reiterated that sentiment, saying that he met with Kirby on Friday night and again Saturday morning. 

“When you make a mistake and it only affects you, it’s not that big of a deal. But when it starts affecting other people, that’s when you start taking notice,” Servais said. “I think this is one that George will learn from. ... We move forward. I love having him out there.”

He also intended to “definitely address” his teammates, adding: “I think it might be good to do that. They’ve always got my back. Again, it’s important that I do.”

Among a pitching staff with plenty of super competitive personalities, Kirby’s has been the most vibrant since he made his MLB debut last May, particularly in defeat.

“I've always struggled with just coming to terms with how I performed,” Kirby said of moving past tough starts such as Friday’s, when he surrendered a game-tying, two-run homer that ended his night and sent Seattle toward a 7-4 defeat.

“I wear my emotions on my sleeve more than anyone else, and I think it's a blessing and a curse at the same time,” Kirby continued. “Just high standards. I guess it has to do with my job is once a week and I like to go out and give my team the best chance to win every time.”

He said he intends to better channel his frustrations while balancing the highly competitive edge that got him to this level, an attribute that both he and the Mariners believe is also vital to his success.

“Everyone says when you come up here, you should be yourself and do what you did to get up here,” Kirby said. “So, a lot of preparation, taking care of my body and going out and not worrying about the external stuff. That's always been what I've been good at. I've kind of just got to get back to my roots here. Be better.”

Related
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

J-Rod makes Three Kings Day extra special

January 10th, 2025

Mariners reach agreements with all arb-eligible players, including Raleigh & Kirby

January 9th, 2025

4 biggest contributors from Mariners' shutout vs. Rangers

September 16th, 2024

Kirby, Seattle offense can't find rhythm in loss to Giants

August 25th, 2024

'Angry' Kirby, energetic lineup help Mariners get back on track

August 18th, 2024

Kirby is in the midst of maybe the toughest stretch of his young career. Over his past four starts, he’s surrendered 15 runs (14 earned) in 21 innings for a 6.00 ERA and 1.38 WHIP), three of which led to losses. Opposing batters are hitting .310 with an .855 OPS against him during this span. He also dealt with an undisclosed illness that scratched him from a scheduled start on Aug. 29 and pushed him back five days.

“If I don’t do my job, it definitely eats at me, and it’s been eating at me the last month,” Kirby said. “I'm realizing that I've just got to do a better job preparing and going into each start with a better mindset.”

Moreover, Kirby’s comments on Friday, specifically about remaining in the game beyond the 93 pitches and six innings he’d registered, came just after Servais announced that the Mariners would skip rookie Bryan Woo on Saturday due to a workload-management situation. 

That, in turn, cast a more magnified glance toward Kirby’s season to this point, as he’s now at 165 2/3 innings after reaching 162 2/3 last year (including Minors and postseason), which was well beyond double his 2021 total (67 2/3).

“Again, I think you just monitor it,” Servais said. “You trust what your eyes are seeing. You guys watched the game that I watched last night, and he looked pretty good to me after the first inning, [which] was very uncharacteristic of him. ... But after that, I thought he threw the ball great. So, you just have to trust what you're seeing and then talk to the player.”

Added Kirby on Saturday: “I feel great. My body feels great. I'm really excited for the playoff run. Yeah, I'm just really excited for what the rest of the season has in store for me and our team.”

The Mariners entered Saturday a half-game back of Houston for first place in the American League West and one game ahead of Toronto for the second AL Wild Card spot. They are firmly in the playoff race, in huge part, due to Kirby -- and they’ll continue to need him to be a key piece down the stretch and, potentially, into October.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Seattle Mariners
George Kirby

Daniel Kramer covers the Mariners for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/george-kirby-moves-forward-after-loss 
 ----- 
