SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
PERU SCORE LATE WINNER TO CLAIM SHOCK WIN AGAINST URUGUAY IN WORLD CUP QUALIFYING
Peru score late winner to claim shock win against Uruguay in World Cup qualifying
Juan Pablo Aravena,
12.10.2024 08:46
Araujo was the hero for Peru
ČTK / AP / Guadalupe Pardo
A late goal from Miguel Araujo in the dying stages of the second half gave Peru their first win of the 2026 World Cup qualifying in Lima to keep their narrow World Cup qualification dreams alive against a struggling Uruguay squad.

The opening minutes were one-way traffic as La Celeste quickly established the tempo of the contest and took control of possession against a Peruvian side that preferred to stay deep in their own half.

Despite the significant edge in terms of possession and the apparent dominance from the visitors, chances were still at a premium and Uruguay lacked creativity in the final third.

A tame header from Darwin Nunez just before the 15th minute was Uruguay’s best chance across the opening 30 minutes, and a decent effort from Federico Valverde that went wide was perhaps the only other scoring opportunity for Marcelo Bielsa’s side.

Peru responded with a long-range strike from Sergio Pena that Sergio Rochet parried away, and despite finishing the first half with nearly 60% of possession, the lack of ideas forced Uruguay to march into the break all square.

The group standings
Flashscore

Clearly unhappy with his side’s performance in the first half, Bielsa sent on Facundo Pellistri to rejuvenate the attack, and even though Uruguay continued to dominate possession, Peru slowly tried to push their lines forward, with Pena as their driving force in midfield.

Uruguay’s lack of ideas was alarming, and with Georgian De Arrascaeta nowhere to be found in the final third, La Celeste failed to muster a single shot, or even threaten Gallese’s goal, until the 80th minute via Valverde.

Peru looked increasingly confident going forward in the final minutes, and against all odds, they were rewarded with a late winner via Araujo, who nodded home a cross from Piero Quispe to complete a shocking upset in Lima, although Rochet could’ve perhaps done more to stop the close-range header.

Uruguay were unable to muster a response in stoppage time and had to settle for the shock loss. La Celeste are now winless in three qualifying matches (D2, L1), while also failing to score.

Meanwhile, Peru should gain a much-needed confidence boost with this win, and they will travel to Brazil full of belief knowing that they are no longer last in the standings. Uruguay will try to bounce back at home against Ecuador. Both games will be played on Tuesday.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Miguel Araujo (Peru)

Check out the match stats here

MENTIONS
Football
Uruguay
Peru
World Championship
Related Articles
Saudi players cannot live in the past, warns coach Mancini following Japan defeat
12.10.2024 06:56
Kamada says Japan can close in on World Cup place against Australia
11.10.2024 10:09
Chris Wood on target as New Zealand beat Tahiti in opening World Cup qualifier
11.10.2024 08:14
Show more
Football
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
8 h ago
Updated
Unal scores late stunner as Bournemouth snatch point from stubborn West Ham
9 h ago
Inter sparkle in six-goal thrashing of Lazio to keep pace with Serie A title chasers
9 h ago
Napoli lose defender Buongiorno for up to two months due to spinal fractures
11 h ago
Spain drawn into group with Italy, Belgium and Portugal for UEFA Women's EURO 2025
11 h ago
Updated
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
12 h ago
Foden says Manchester City players still believe in Guardiola despite recent struggles
12 h ago
Rafael Louzan elected new head of Spanish FA after year of turmoil
15 h ago
RB Salzburg sack head coach Lijnders after poor first-half of season
15 h ago
Women's players to receive share of prize money for first time at Euro 2025
15 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Three Premier League talking points as Manchester City's crisis deepens
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-world-championship-peru-score-late-winner-to-claim-shock-win-against-uruguay-in-world-cup-qualifying/UqTA8PvC/ 
 ----- 
