PDF
Depleted Brazil brace for must-win World Cup qualifiers
Head coach Dorival Junior of Brazil speaks at a press conference ahead of his team's World Cup qualifiers against Chile and Peru.PHOTO: EPA-EFE
UPDATED OCT 11, 2024, 12:39 AM

SAO PAULO – Brazil are in unfamiliar territory, grappling with mounting pressure and uncertainty as they prepare for crucial World Cup qualifiers against Chile and Peru, without the help of key players sidelined by injuries.

After losing four of their last five qualifiers with a series of poor performances, the record five-time World Cup winners are fifth in the South America’s standings on 10 points, ahead of sixth-placed Venezuela only on goal difference. Only the top six are guaranteed a berth at the 2026 Finals.

Paraguay and Bolivia are one point behind and another slip-up by Brazil could leave them out of the qualification places and at risk of missing out on the World Cup for the first time in their history.

Coach Dorival Jr, who was appointed in January after the team spent a year under two caretaker coaches as Brazil tried and failed to lure Italian Carlo Ancelotti from Real Madrid, has won just two competitive games.

Following a lacklustre Copa America campaign, where they were knocked out in the quarter-finals by Uruguay, Brazil snatched a narrow home win over Ecuador in September.

Yet they came crashing back to earth days later with another poor performance, losing 1-0 to a Paraguay side who had only scored once in their previous seven qualifiers.

The inconsistency that has plagued Brazil since they let coach Tite go following a penalty shoot-out defeat by Croatia at the 2022 World Cup quarter-finals has continued, with the side winning only four of their last 14 games.

Dorival was forced to make five changes to his initial squad for the games against Chile in Santiago on Oct 10 (Oct 11 morning, Singapore time) and against Peru in Brasilia on Oct 15, after goalkeeper Alisson Becker, defenders Bremer, Eder Militao and Guilherme Arana, and forward Vinicius Jr all suffered injuries.

On Oct 9, the coach made the surprise announcement that Botafogo forward Igor Jesus would start up front against Chile on his first call-up for the national team, leaving Real teenager Endrick on the bench.

“What I see is that Igor’s moment is very interesting. Endrick is still getting to know his new club, he’s arriving at the biggest club in world football with a lot of competition,” Dorival told reporters.

The 23-year-old Jesus has been a standout talent for the Brazilian league leaders since signing for Botafogo from Dubai club Shabab Al-Ahli in July, scoring seven goals in 19 games.

“I think that Igor’s own experience and the moment he’s living is a little different,” Dorival added.

“Maybe it’s important to have players with this profile for a game of this magnitude and at this time.

“Sometimes we can’t replicate on the pitch everything that we do in training.

“But on Tuesday, we had another training session that filled us with great expectation. Maybe this is the moment to find the balance we want.”

Chile are ninth in the qualifying standings on five points, two points ahead of last-placed Peru. REUTERS

MORE ON THIS TOPIC
Indonesia frustrate Australia as Saudis, Korea and Japan secure World Cup wins
Fifa proposes extra transfer window ahead of Club World Cup

Join ST's Telegram channel and get the latest breaking news delivered to you.

World Cup Qualifiers
World Cup 2026
Brazil
Football Matches
Available for
iPhones and iPads
Available in
Google Play
SINGAPORE
ASIA
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
BUSINESS
TECH
SPORT
VIDEOS
PODCASTS
MULTIMEDIA
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Need help? Reach us here.
Advertise with us
E-paper
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
Newsletters
RSS Feed
Telegram
Youtube
TikTok
BACK TO THE TOP

MDDI (P) 048/10/2024. Published by SPH Media Limited, Co. Regn. No. 202120748H. Copyright © 2024 SPH Media Limited. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.straitstimes.com/sport/football/depleted-brazil-brace-for-must-win-world-cup-qualifiers 
 ----- 
