  
Home
World Cup 2023
County Hub
Magazine
Shop
Jobs In Cricket
SUBSCRIBE
Where to watch India v New Zealand: live stream T20I series 2023, TV channels, dates, start times

All you need to know about watching 2023's India v New Zealand T20I series, including dates, start times, venues, squads TV channels and live stream options around the world

The Cricketer | 26/01/2023 at 13:00

India v New Zealand T20I series | 27 January - 1 February 2023 - 1.30pm GMT | UK live stream: Watch on ESPN Player

Having whitewashed New Zealand in the ODIs, attention turns to the Twenty20 format as India host three T20Is against the Black Caps in five days.

In this article we'll explain how to live stream India v New Zealand and watch each game of the T20I series where you are.

India v New Zealand T20I series dates schedule, venues and start times

1st T20I: Friday, January 27 at JSCA International Stadium Complex, Ranchi - 7.00pm local time (1.30pm GMT)

2nd T20I: Sunday, January 29 at Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium, Lucknow - 7.00pm local time (1.30pm GMT)

3rd T20I: Wednesday, Februay 1 at Narendra Modi Stadium, Ahmedabad - 7.00pm local time (1.30pm GMT)

Please note that when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission

Where to watch India v New Zealand: UK live stream

Both the ODI and T20I India v New Zealand series are being shown on ESPN Player in the UK (as well as across Europe, Middle East and Africa). Coverage commences at 12.30pm GMT on each T20I match day, ahead of the 1.30pm first ball.

The service costs £9.99 per month (or £69.99 - so effectively £5.83 a month - if you commit to a year) and can be viewed in several ways.

As well as being able to live stream India v New Zealand on ESPN Player via web browser on your computer, the service also has apps for iPhone, iPad, Android smartphones and tablets, and Android TV.

Click here to watch the cricket on ESPN Player

India's Virat Kholi celebrates after scoring a century during an ODI [MUNIR UZ ZAMAN/AFP via Getty Images]

Where to watch India v New Zealand: India live stream

Coverage of the Black Caps in India will be shown on Sky Sport 1 in New Zealand.

Judging from the schedules, however, it won't be showing the first 20 minutes. The live program is slated to start at 2.50am in the early hours of Saturday morning.

If you don;t already have Sky Sport, then you can get started for around $60 per month. Or get a temporary Sky Sport Now pass from $19.99. Either option allows you to watch on your mobile or tablet via the Sky Go app, too.

Where to watch India v New Zealand: New Zealand live stream

Star Sports is the place to watch the India v New Zealand cricket. Its coverage of the match starts at 6.50pm IST across Star Sports 1, Star Sports 1HD and Star Sports 1 Hindi, before the 7.30pm start time.

For anybody watching on the go, you can live stream India v New Zealand via the Disney+ Hotstar app. Prices for Hotstar Mobile start at ₹149 for three months or ₹499 annually, with prices rising if you want a package that also lets you watch on streaming apps for your TV.

Where to watch India v New Zealand: US live stream

In the US, you have a choice of where to watch India v New Zealand.

If you're watching on your TV, then specialist cricket streamer Willow has live coverage set to begin as the T20I matches commence at 8.30am ET/5.30am PT.

For these India home series, Willow will be available if you have it as part of your cable plan (e.g. Dish, Spectrum, Xfinity) or the OTT streaming service Sling TV. It will not be available to watch via Willow's own digital apps.

The best option for watching this series online then is via ESPN Plus and its app that's available on a wide range of platforms. The specialist sports streaming service costs $9.99 a month or $99.99 a year, and carries a growing number of sports including exclusive action from MLB, NHL, NFL, PGA golf, UFC, college football, college basketball, international soccer, competitions and grand slam tennis.

You can also add ESPN Plus to a bundle package with Disney Plus and Hulu, with prices starting at $12.99 a month.

Where to watch India v New Zealand: Australia live stream

Fox Sport has the right to show the India v New Zealand ODI series, with sport packages starting at $79 a month.

This games will be broadcast on Fox Cricket 501, with the programs starting at 12.30am AEDT as play starts on each game day.

Don't have a TV package with Fox? Specialist sports streamer Kayo Sports will also stream India v New Zealand, with prices starting at $25 a month. Plus you can try Kayo for free with a 7-day trial.

Where to live stream India v New Zealand from abroad

If you're abroad at the moment and try to watch an India v New Zealand live stream from your country's broadcaster, you'll likely be blocked from doing so.

In order to watch the streaming service you pay for when travelling overseas, one option is to use a Virtual Private Network (VPN). This software allows your laptop, phone, tablet or streaming device to appear as if it's back in your home country.

Providers ExpressVPN and NordVPN are generally considered to be two of the best VPN services available, with excellent reputations for their ease-of-use, security and ability to unblock most streaming services.

Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium in Hyderabad, India [Pankaj Nangia/Getty Images]

India T20I squad

Hardik Pandya (c), Suryakumar Yadav, Ishan Kishan (wk), Ruturaj Gaikwad, Shubman Gill, Deepak Hooda, Rahul Tripathi, Jitesh Sharma (wk), Washington Sundar, Kuldeep Yadav, Yuzvendra Chahal, Arshdeep Singh, Umran Malik, Shivam Mavi, Prithvi Shaw, Mukesh Kumar

New Zealand T20I  squad

Mitchell Santner (c), Finn Allen, Michael Bracewell, Mark Chapman, Dane Cleaver (wk), Devon Conway (wk), Jacob Duffy, Lockie Ferguson, Ben Lister, Daryl Mitchell, Glenn Phillips, Michael Rippon, Henry Shipley, Ish Sodhi, Blair Tickner

India v New Zealand ODI series results

1st ODI: Wednesday, January 18 - India won by 12 runs

2nd ODI: Saturday, January 21 - India won by 8 wickets

3rd ODI: Tuesday, January 24 - India won by 90 runs

Related Topics
Rishabh Pant plans "road to recovery" after successful knee surgery
India unveil squad for first and second Australia Tests
Where to watch ILT20 2023: live stream T20 cricket, TV channels, fixtures

 Share
Comments
Your name
Your email


Your comment ....
POST COMMENT 

Posted by suraj kumar on 29/01/2023 at 21:46

Tim chahi

THE CRICKETER NEWSLETTER
Get all the latest cricket news to your inbox, twice a week
SIGN UP
LATEST NEWS
Ryan Rickelton makes South Africa's first double-century in nine years

International | Oscar Ress

Sydney Thunder batter likely to miss rest of Big Bash after collision with teammate

International | Oscar Ress

An incredible Big Bash League catch to future England captains - it's the Weekly Quiz

Quizzes | Tom Canning

Sydney Thunder pair "conscious and talking" after collision during Big Bash game

International | Oscar Ress

How cricket maxed out: The rise and fall of Martin Crowe's T20 forerunner

Features | Neil Squires

Kent re-sign Australian quick for T20 Blast

County Cricket | Nick Friend

The outground champion, county scorer, and Scottish Lord's final winner: Cricket's New Year Honour recipients

News | David Sharman

Nottinghamshire opener becomes first Englishman to reach T20 batting milestone

International | Oscar Ress

History tells us Bazball cult doomed to failure during 2025 Ashes

Features | The Cricketer

London Spirit men entrust former Australia coach to turn fortunes around

The Hundred | Oscar Ress

SERIES/COMPETITIONS

County Championship


T20 Blast

Royal London Cup

Heyhoe Flint Trophy

Charlotte Edwards Cup

Big Bash

CPL

IPL

PSL

The Hundred

WBBL

LIVE SCORES
 
International

Zimbabwe

243ao

VS

Afghanistan

157ao & 190-6

In Progress

Australia

181ao

VS

India

185ao & 141-6

In Progress

South Africa

499-6

VS

Pakistan

In Progress

New Zealand

VS

Sri Lanka

Starts 05/01/2025

STATS

Fixtures

Results

Averages

Tables

Units 7-8, 35-37 High St, Barrow upon Soar, Loughborough, LE128PY

website@thecricketer.com

Welcome to www.thecricketer.com - the online home of the world’s oldest cricket magazine. Breaking news, interviews, opinion and cricket goodness from every corner of our beautiful sport, from village green to national arena.

About Us
Contact
Advertise
Meet The Team
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thecricketer.com/Topics/where-to-watch/where_to_watch_india_v_new_zealand_live_stream_odi_t20i_2023_tv_channels_dates_start_times.html 
 ----- 
