English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / India vs New Zealand 1st T20I: Who will win T20 match between India and New Zealand?

India vs New Zealand 1st T20I: Who will win T20 match between India and New Zealand?
India have selected a young group of players with Hardik Pandya leading them.

SPORTSTIGER STAFF
Author

Updated - 25 Jan 2023 01:16 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: 27 January 2023

Time: 7 PM IST

Venue: JSCA International Stadium Complex, Ranchi

Live Scores: SportsTiger App

Preview

India whitewashed New Zealand in the three-match ODI series. The Men in Blue registered thumping wins in the last two games after a close-fought first game. Now, the two teams will meet in the shortest format. The first T20I is scheduled to be played on 27 January in Ranchi and it is expected to be a thrilling contest with both teams going bonkers.

Pitch Report

As it is a relatively big stadium, spinners tend to play a part at the ground. The track also offers the spinners grip and turn. Also, teams bowling first have won two out of three T20Is played here.

Team Analysis


India

India have selected a young group of players with Hardik Pandya leading them. Ishan Kishan and Shubman Gill look set to open the innings for India with Suryakumar Yadav coming in at no.3. Rahul Tripathi might play ahead of Deepak Hooda at the fourth position. Captain Hardik Pandya will take his usual batting spot, No.5 and will be followed by Washinton Sundar and Shivam Mavi. Both Kuldeep Yadav and Yuzvendra Chahal might play. Meanwhile, Arshdeep Singh and Umran Malik will be the specialist bowlers.

SportsTiger Playing XI of India

Ishan Kishan (wk), Shubman Gill, Suryakumar Yadav, Rahul Tripathi, Hardik Pandya, Washington Sundar, Shivam Mavi, Kuldeep Yadav, Yuzvendra Chahal, Arshdeep Singh, Umran Malik

New Zealand

New Zealand played some good cricket with the bat but they lacked potency with the ball in the ODI series. Nevertheless, the Kiwis will look to put up a fight in the three T20Is, the first of which will be played on Friday. Mitchell Santner will be at the helm of affairs for the visitors and the all-rounder will look to play a good brand of cricket. Devon Conway will hope to continue his good form into the T20I series. Meanwhile, Glenn Phillips and Finn Allen will have to buckle up. Lockie Ferguson will once again be expected to lead the pace attack.

SportsTiger Playing XI of New Zealand

Finn Allen, Devon Conway, Glenn Phillips, Daryl Mitchell, Michael Bracewell, Mark Chapman, Mitchell Santner, Ish Sodhi, Lockie Ferguson, Blair Tickner, Jacob Duffy

Match Prediction

 


Conclusion

India are coming on the back of a terrific series win and have the desired momentum with them. Meanwhile, New Zealand will miss the services of Tom Latham and Henry Nicholls.

Disclaimer: The opinions expressed within this article are the author’s point of view. They neither reflect the opinion of SportsTiger nor advise anyone to make any prediction based on this. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility and liability for the same.

IndiaNew ZealandIND vs NZ
LATEST NEWS

04 January 2025

Australian head coach accuses Team India of “intimidating” Sam Konstas in Sydney Test

04 January 2025

Boycott the damn cricket team: 59-time Grand Slam winner Martina Navratilova demands for ban on Afghanistan team over Taliban rule

04 January 2025

Let them earn it: Rohit Sharma shares his thoughts on potential future Test captain of India

04 January 2025

He is a leader, he has to improve: Ruben Amorim sends stern warning to Harry Maguire as Man United extends his contract

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/new-zealand-tour-of-india-2023-india-vs-new-zealand-1st-t20i-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-match-between-india-and-new-zealand-ind-vs-nz-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
