International Football

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$0.50
sale price:  
 $0.25/week
Billed as $1 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $2 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $1 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $2 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Jaiyah Saelua interview: ‘I was just a fa’afafine who loved to play football’
By Tom Burrows
Nov 29, 2023

18

“I like being physical,” laughs Jaiyah Saelua, “I’m like the Sergio Ramos of Oceania football.”

Saelua, one of football’s great trailblazers, is speaking to The Athletic in a London hotel, where the hustle and bustle of a capital city is a world away from her home country of American Samoa in the South Pacific Ocean.

She is here to promote the film Next Goal Wins, which tells the story of the American Samoa football team, the lowest-ranked country in the world, and the period during which they were coached by Dutch-American coach Thomas Rongen in 2011 and won their first match since 1983.

At the heart of the American Samoa defence is tough-tackling Saelua, the first openly transgender woman and fa’afafine to compete in a FIFA World Cup qualifying match for men. Fa’afafine, which is how Saelua has identified since adolescence, is part of Samoan culture — it literally means “in the manner of a woman”.

Saelua, who started training with the senior national team aged just 14, says she is proud that the worldwide audience is getting to know her culture via the film. “We get a really beautiful and delicate dive into the fa’afafine identity that is specific to Samoan culture but also really prevalent in the Pacific region,” she says.

“The fa’afafine identity is not so much of a coming-out moment, it’s more of a coming-of-age experience. We start to realise we’re different but we’re from a society and a culture that has a place for us and respects us for being different.”

Next Goal Wins, directed by Taika Waititi, charts the story of the American Samoa football team ahead of their 2014 World Cup qualifying campaign. Before their first qualifying match, against Tonga in November 2011, they had conceded 229 goals and scored just 12, and were best known for their record 31-0 defeat to Australia in 2001. Their last victory had been in 1983, 3-0 against Wallis and Futuna.

However, under the guidance of coach Rongen, they finally won, defeating Tonga 2-1, with Saelua making a crucial goal-line clearance. They followed that up with a 1-1 draw against the Cook Islands before a late 1-0 loss to Samoa. That run briefly lifted the team to 173rd in the FIFA rankings of 204 nations.

“There are more losers in the world than there are winners,” says Saelua. “Our experiences as a losing team, as one of the worst teams in the world, resonates with a much bigger audience and people see the innocence in our experiences as a team. It’s about the people, the culture, interactions and relationships, coming back from defeat but also about football.”

Next Goal Wins, which was based on the 2014 documentary of the same name, will be released in cinemas in the UK on Boxing Day, having been released in the US earlier this month. Much of the opening part of the film focuses on a made-up element of the story about Rongen, played by Michael Fassbender, not initially accepting Saelua, who is played by fa’afafine actor Kaimana in the film.

Rongen is depicted as a brash, heavy drinker with a short temper who misgenders and deadnames Saelua multiple times before she knocks him to the ground. The real Rongen was shocked when he first saw it. “I said to Waititi, ‘Dude, you’re killing me!’. He said that everybody needs a villain in this movie and in the end, I become the hero and embrace everybody.”

	Taika Waititi, Kaimana, Jaiyah Saelua and Michael Fassbender (Kate Green/Disney via Getty Images)

Saelua admits that the film’s depiction of her relationship with Rongen is inaccurate but hopes it will not detract from the movie. “From the very beginning, we understood that Taika had expressed right away that he would make it his own and we understood that to be our characters will be in the movie but they aren’t necessarily going to be 100 per cent accurate to who we are and we accepted that.

“As a Pacific Islander, I don’t think I would have accepted it from any other director in Hollywood, as Taika is one of the only Pacific Island directors at this level who can take the liberties of telling Pacific stories and making it his own and making jokes about us, but with us.”

She added: “It’s also important that these uncomfortable situations that trans people and LGBTQIA+ people actually go through are visible and included in the film.”

The true story was that Rongen immediately embraced Saelua. He said: “I put two formations on the whiteboard, and this beautiful woman walks up and puts her name next to centre-back. I joked she must be the massage therapist. But no, she was a member of the team for many years but had never started.”

After noticing her team-mates were calling her a different name from the one on her passport, he walked up to her on the pitch and asked what she wanted to be called. “Not only did she light up about that, but so did her team-mates because the fa’afafine are very much accepted into Polynesian culture.”

The movie starts with Rongen taking the job after being sacked as the under-20 coach of the U.S. national team when they failed to qualify for the World Cup. One of his first acts was to convince goalkeeper Nicky Salapu, who played in that 31-0 loss, to return from his day job in Seattle. Salapu told how he used to sit at home playing FIFA on his Playstation, beating Australia to try to erase that painful memory.

	Kaimana portraying Saelua in Next Goal Wins (Searchlight Pictures)

After driving up standards, improving the players’ diet and building up their morale, the team grew in confidence before that historic Tonga victory. For Rongen, the job was also part of a healing process following the death of his teenage daughter, Nicole, in a car accident seven years earlier.

Saelua said: “He was always football-focused. His experience on the islands helped him to chill and realise what was important in life; it was a reset button for him and a lot of personal healing happened for him.”

For 35-year-old Saelua, it’s not quite yet time to hang up her boots. She still has hopes of playing in next’s year World Cup qualifiers and then the Pacific Games in 2027. She also has an eye on becoming a coach, as well as being a FIFA ambassador.

“I was never passionate about being the voice of anything,” she said. “I was just a fa’afafine who loved to play football. I was raised in a society that allowed me to reach the highest level in football.

“I quickly realised there is a need for advocacy in the realm of queer people in sport and I thought to myself, ‘If not me, then who?’. I realised how big an impact I could make in the world and how inspiring my story could be to a lot of people, particularly young people.

“It empowers and motivates me to keep doing what I do.”

GO DEEPER

Well done Jakub Jankto. Now football has to support its most high-profile gay player

(Top photo: Jaiyah Saelua at the premier of Next Goal Wins at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2023; by Valerie Macon/AFP via Getty Images)

Tom Burrows is a football news writer for The Athletic UK. He was previously a staff editor for almost three years. Prior to that, he worked on news and investigations for national newspapers. Follow Tom on Twitter @TBurrows16

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5092495/2023/11/29/jaiyah-saelua-interview-next-goal-wins/ 
 ----- 
