The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Cubs starter Javier Assad yields two runs (one earned) in latest solid outing Saturday against Yankees
“He pitched very well,” manager Craig Counsell said. “He did his job.”
By  Kyle Williams   Sept 8, 2024, 12:39am UTC

Chicago Cubs starter Javier Assad delivers a pitch during the first inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees in Chicago, Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024.

Paul Beaty/AP Photos

SHARE
COPY LINK

After walking the Yankees’ Alex Verdugo, Cubs starter Javier Assad looked to have gotten out of the fifth inning unscathed when center fielder Pete Crow-Armstrong caught a fly ball by Gleyber Torres and rifled a throw to first baseman Michael Busch to catch Verdugo straying off the base.

After the call was overturned, however, Assad was left to face superstar Juan Soto with two outs, a precarious proposition in any game, particularly in a low-scoring affair such as the one Saturday. After Soto worked his way to a 3-1 count, Assad battled back to make it 3-2 before getting a swinging strikeout on a 93.3 mph sinker at the top of the zone to end the inning.

By the time he left the game, Assad had yielded two runs (one earned) and three hits, struck out five and walked three in 5⅔ innings in the Cubs’ 2-0 loss to the Yankees.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
Cubs, manager Craig Counsell reunite with right-hander Colin Rea
Cubs and new star Kyle Tucker file for arbitration
Porter Hodge can raise bullpen's ceiling even as Cubs continue addressing position
Brian Matusz, former Orioles and Cubs pitcher, dies at 37
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
LATEST STORIES
Former Sun-Times staffers lose all in Los Angeles-area wildfires: "It felt like a scene from hell"
Michael O'Brien's high school basketball weekly rewind
Michael O'Brien's Super 25 high school basketball rankings for Jan. 12, 2025
José 'Cha Cha' Jiménez, human rights activist and former chair of Young Lords organization, dead at 76
'I tried to give my all to this organization': DeMar DeRozan returns to Chicago with Kings
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Monday, January 13, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 13, 2025, 6:01am UTC
WEATHER
City opens warming centers as wind chills are forecast to drop below zero
Monday’s high will be 19 and the low 9, with wind chills dropping as low as minus 4 overnight. Tuesday’s temperatures will be between 17 and 8 degrees, with wind chills as low as minus 5, the National Weather Service said.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 13, 2025, 2:03am UTC
CRIME
4-year-old girl, 2 adults shot, wounded in Hegewisch
A man, woman and child were in a home in the 14400 block of South Carondolet Avenue at 5:25 p.m. Sunday when someone fired shots outside and they were hit, police said. The man is in serious condition. The woman and child are in good condition. No one is in custody.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 13, 2025, 1:36am UTC
MUSIC
Sam Moore of soul music duo Sam & Dave dies at 89
Rock and Roll Hall of Famer sang classic hits including “Soul Man” and “Hold On, I’m Comin.’ ”
By AP  Jan 13, 2025, 12:47am UTC
EDUCATION
ASPIRA charter to shut Haugan Middle School over enrollment drop, nearly 'million-dollar deficit,' CEO says
The ASPIRA network, which operates three publicly funded but privately managed charters under Chicago Public Schools, approved closure of the campus in Albany Park on the Northwest Side.
By Nader Issa  Jan 13, 2025, 12:35am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2024/09/07/starter-javier-assad-allows-two-runs-in-saturdays-start-against-new-york 
 ----- 
