Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Baldelli will 'take the criticism' on disappointing 2024 finish
Share
Baldelli will 'take the criticism' on disappointing 2024 finish
September 29th, 2024

Do-Hyoung Park

@dohyoungpark
Share
;

8 SECONDS REMAINING

MINNEAPOLIS -- Yes, Rocco Baldelli hears the chants that have been directed at him from chunks of fans amid the late-innings crowds of the last several weeks -- the ones calling for his job.

He’s not shying away from that reality after the shell-shock of what’s now a 12-26 collapse since mid-August -- extended by the Twins’ 9-2 loss to the Orioles on Saturday -- that dropped them from a seemingly comfortable playoff spot to eliminated all together, as of Friday.

After such an unprecedented meltdown, it’s natural for fans to expect someone -- or perhaps multiple someones -- to take the fall as a reaction, as acknowledged by Baldelli and several of his players. With that said, the Twins’ skipper said Saturday that he is “never stressed out” about his job security, preferring to spend his energy thinking about how he can do his job better.

He also acknowledges the right of dissatisfied fans to express their emotions toward him.

“I respect the fans,” Baldelli said. “The Minnesota Twins fans showed me last year, when we were in the playoffs, amazing things -- things that can change the outcome of a game in favor of their team. You can’t have greater passion than what I saw. If I’m going to accept that and take that and enjoy that, then I’ll also take the criticism when things don’t go well.”

Baldelli emphasized that his “never stressed out” statement was more a reflection of how he ultimately has little say in matters of his own job security.

“I’m not sitting here concerned about anything in particular, but that’s not because I think the season went great,” Baldelli said. “It’s because I generally don’t think about myself. I’m thinking about our group and the team and how we can improve and get better.”

He spoke of trying everything he could think of down the stretch as his team floundered, from “very aggressive” things behind the scenes, he said, to moving the team towards a “more positive space and a more productive space,” he said.

That’s what was the biggest frustration for him down the stretch: The fact that he felt he and his coaching staff tried several different methods in search of the answer that Baldelli himself relentlessly believed should exist. He never acknowledged that there might simply not have been an answer; he always believed that there should have been one, and he didn’t find it.

“That will continue to irk me and bother me, because you always believe that there is an answer,” Baldelli said. “You always believe that there is a path that could work and in six weeks, the several paths that we went down, they all ended in the same place.”

Related
Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Twins clear arbitration slate with contracts for all eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Twins announce plans for 2025 Winter Caravan

January 8th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

What could impact Twins heading into 2025 season?

January 4th, 2025

The reality is that, after this collapse, the Twins can’t simply run it back with the same group -- and Carlos Correa acknowledged there will “be a lot of changes” during the offseason. But several players within Baldelli’s clubhouse asserted that the players themselves deserved the blame, noting it would be unfair for Baldelli to take the fall on their behalf.

“I don't think it's super fair to put everything on him,” Bailey Ober said. “But everyone's entitled to their own opinion. If the players hear that, I don't think anyone's agreeing with that. It's like, seriously, can't you see what's going on? He's not the one at fault for this mishap that happened.”

Many pointed to key injuries -- to Joe Ryan, Correa, Royce Lewis and Byron Buxton at points this season -- as things that steered their season off course. They fell a whisker shy of the playoffs regardless, and they noted that, had the Twins snuck in, none of these narratives would exist.

“Do I think there will be changes? Maybe,” Ryan Jeffers said. “I also think that we showed glimpses of being a really good baseball team. … Why we couldn't be consistent? I don't know if that's any staff member's responsibility or fault.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

With a winning percentage higher than each of his eight immediate predecessors, a playoff run less than a year ago and three postseason appearances in his six seasons, Baldelli noted he still has the same drive to manage this team -- and is already in the process of thinking about how the mistakes of 2024 might never be repeated.

“I’m fully motivated and enjoy what I do, and appreciate our organization and our fans,” Baldelli said. “That goes without saying, but I still feel as passionately today about doing the job as I did the day I took it.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Minnesota Twins

Do-Hyoung Park covers the Twins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/rocco-baldelli-on-twins-2024-results-job-security 
 ----- 
