Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
Jimmy Carter funeral
NFL: Rams vs. Vikings
SPORTS
Brendan Donovan homers, hits RBI single as Cardinals beat Giants 6-1 in season finale
1 of 10 |  

St. Louis Cardinals’ Brendan Donovan, right, is congratulated by third base coach Ron Warner (75) as he rounds the bases after hitting a solo home during the third inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giats, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar)

Read More
2 of 10 |  

St. Louis Cardinals’ Brendan Donovan, right, is congratulated by Paul Goldschmidt (46) after hitting a solo home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar)

3 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants pitcher Hayden Birdsong, right, throws against St. Louis Cardinals’ Lars Nootbaar, left, during the first inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar)

4 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants pitcher Hayden Birdsong (60) stands on the mound as St. Louis Cardinals’ Brendan Donovan, back left, rounds the bases after hitting a solo home during the third inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar)

Read More
5 of 10 |  

St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Michael McGreevy throws against the San Francisco Giants during the first inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar)

6 of 10 |  

St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Michael McGreevy throws against the San Francisco Giants during the first inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar)

7 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants pitcher Hayden Birdsong throws against the St. Louis Cardinals during the first inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar)

8 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants pitcher Hayden Birdsong throws against the St. Louis Cardinals during the first inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar)

9 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Tyler Fitzgerald (49) scores the game-winning run on a throwing error by St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Matthew Liberatore (52) during the eighth inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Stephen Lam/San Francisco Chronicle via AP)

Read More
10 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Tyler Fitzgerald (49) sprints towards first on an infield single during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Stephen Lam/San Francisco Chronicle via AP)

BY  JANIE MCCAULEY
Updated 10:39 PM UTC, September 29, 2024
Share

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Brendan Donovan hit a solo homer in the third and followed it up with an RBI single two innings later and Alec Burleson drove in three runs, leading the St. Louis Cardinals past the San Francisco Giants 6-1 on Sunday.

José Fermín hit an RBI single in the sixth as the Cardinals backed rookie righty Michael McGreevy (3-0), who stuck out six with no walks while allowing one run on five hits over eight impressive innings.

Manager Oliver Marmol considered giving the ninth to McGreevy, but he had reached 91 pitches.

“It feels a heck of a lot better just going into the offseason with more positivity,” Marmol said. “But the way we did it was fun. McGreevy was excellent, went out and gave us eight, mixed well.”

Giants rookie right-hander Hayden Birdsong (5-6) struck out 10 of the initial 15 Cardinals hitters and finished with 11 Ks in his 16th start for San Francisco — one off his career high. It marked Birdsong’s second career double-digit strikeout game after fanning 12 at Colorado on July 21.

He gave way to Taylor Rogers after back-to-back RBI singles by Donovan and Burleson in the fifth. Burleson also had a two-run single in the sixth.

RELATED STORIES
Gold Glove shortstop Brandon Crawford announces retirement after 14 major league seasons
Justin Verlander and the Giants agree to a $15 million, 1-year contract, AP source says
Larry Day follows Rob Cerfolio from Cleveland to St. Louis, becomes director of player development

San Francisco finished 80-82 — with one more win than last season’s 79 victories — in manager Bob Melvin’s first season and with a total home attendance of 2,647,736 over 80 home dates since the Giants hosted a doubleheader. The Giants won the NL West in 2021.

“Regardless of what our record was it was going to be disappointing based on what we felt like the team was all about to start the season,” Melvin said.

Brett Wisely’s seventh-inning RBI single got the Giants on the board.

San Francisco third baseman Matt Chapman exited to a warm ovation in the top of the third when replaced on defense by Casey Schmitt. Chapman, who earlier this month received a $151 million, six-year contract for 2025-30, started 153 games this year.

And right fielder Mike Yastrzemski exited to cheers when removed from his spot in the top of the sixth.

Both Chapman and pitcher Logan Webb spoke from the field afterward thanking the fans.

The Cardinals missed the playoffs for a second straight season after three consecutive wild-card defeats following an NL Championship Series berth in 2019. They finished 83-79, including 39-42 on the road while ending the season in San Francisco for the first time since 1960.

“I’ve learned a lot this year, as a person and as a baseball player,” Donovan said. “If you’re constantly learning in this game I think you can continue to get better.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Cardinals: 3B Nolan Arenado sat out a second straight day to end the year.

Giants: OF Mark Canha was placed on the 10-day injured list with a right thumb sprain after getting injured in the first inning of Saturday’s 6-5 win. ... OF Heliot Ramos was held out of the lineup with a hamstring injury and plantar fasciitis.

ROSTER MOVES

The Giants recalled OF Luis Matos and RHP Trevor McDonald from Triple-A Sacramento and optioned RHP Landen Roupp to Sacramento.

McDonald, San Francisco’s 11th-round draft pick in 2019, made his major league debut at age 23 in the top of the seventh and pitched a 1-2-3 inning with three groundouts before staying in the next two frames.

UP NEXT

The Giants’ Cactus League opener is against former manager Bruce Bochy and the Texas Rangers on Feb. 22, 2025, in Surprise, Arizona.

St. Louis will face the Marlins on Feb. 22 in Jupiter, Florida.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
5 Reasons Why December Thro ugh March Is The Best Time To Visit Brazil
Travel Noire
:
Advertisement
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of patient left in scalding hot bath tub
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
Jimmy Carter's funeral brings together 5 current and former...
Five current and former U.S. presidents have come together for Jimmy Carter’s...
AP News
Donald Trump Jr. arrives in Gree nland with a message from his...
President-elect Donald Trump has told residents of Greenland that “we’re going...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Neva da (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simulates...
This strategy game makes you become a player in the crucial situations of history.
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
The Long Handle Obje ct Picker Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Zekear
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Revolutionary Quiet Clock Wows Las Vegas [Read]
Digital Wall Clock
Advertisement:
Read More
JetBlue passenger suddenly opens exit door as flight is taxii...
Massachusetts authorities say a person on board a plane at Boston Logan Internatio...
AP News
From Carter's funeral, an Americ an snapshot: A singular image, ...
Inside Washington National Cathedral, the five men who've occupied the Oval Offic...
AP News
The Heart Wind Spinn er Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Zekear
Advertisement:
Shop Now
The Secret Revealed: Why All Hummingbird s Go to My Neighbor'...
Sweety Hummingbird Feeder
Advertisement:
Get Offer
New Hyundai Santa Fe Is Nearly Unrecogniza ble (Take A Peek At...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
Celebrities among those who lost homes as devastating Los...
Wildfires that are burning in and around Los Angeles have burned the homes of...
AP News
Florida grand jury investigating COVID-19 vaccines finds no evi...
A statewide grand jury convened at the request of Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis has...
AP News
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Hyundai Santa Fe For Seniors In 2024 - Prices Are Shocking...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
Game simulates altern ative history
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
Game shows what the world without US military interventions would look like
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night long.
PanzerQuest:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/cardinals-giants-score-53fc4ee928f1d214d56b22eb6d5b34da 
 ----- 
