Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
McGreevy's 8-inning gem helps Cards finish 2024 strong
Share
McGreevy's 8-inning gem helps Cards finish 2024 strong
September 29th, 2024

John Denton

@JohnDenton555
Share
;

14 SECONDS REMAINING

SAN FRANCISCO -- Having already impressed the Cardinals with his baseball smarts and his moxie in big moments, Michael McGreevy elevated how he’s seen within the organization with another heady decision during an eight-inning gem on Sunday afternoon at Oracle Park.

Not only did McGreevy repeatedly pounce off the mound to field slow rollers in front of him, but in the seventh inning, he had the mental wherewithal to pull back his glove on a comebacker hit just to the left of him. Rather than having the ball potentially hit off his glove or risk a throw from the slope of the mound, McGreevy let second baseman Brendan Donovan field the ball, step on second and complete an inning-ending double play that got him out of the only real jam he faced all day.

“That’s the stuff we’ve been talking about with him,” Cardinals manager Oliver Marmol marveled following their 6-1 victory over the Giants in the season finale. “The game is slow to him, and that’s going to help him out a ton. He could have easily fielded that and thrown it away or have it hit off his glove. He’s aware of little things like that.”

McGreevy’s awareness in that moment was just one highlight on a day when he limited the Giants to five hits and one run over eight innings in his third MLB start (fourth appearance). In addition to his stellar defense, his efficiency was eye-catching, as he threw just 91 pitches.

The outing, one that came with 35 family members and friends in the crowd, might as well have been jet fuel being injected straight into his veins because of how it will fuel his engine to work all offseason to be ready for 2025, McGreevy said.

“It’s a huge confidence booster, because you never want to go into the offseason on a bad foot, and this will do so much for my confidence heading into the offseason,” said McGreevy, who struck out six while walking none. “No matter what game it is -- first game of the season, middle of the season, the dog days of summer or the last game of the season -- you always want to know that you can go long and end the year strong. I didn’t know my pitch count, but I knew we were moving along, and I thought, ‘I can go deeper in this thing.’”

Related
Cards agree with Helsley, 2 others on '25 contracts, add waiver claim

January 9th, 2025

A salute to Goldschmidt, the model Cardinal

January 6th, 2025

Here are the best players of the 2000s ... so far

January 6th, 2025

These top prospects could shape the Cards' future

October 14th, 2024

Cardinals' youth movement leads the way in series-opening win

September 25th, 2024

Walker's 115.5 mph double highlights night when young trio stars

September 19th, 2024

McGreevy got all the run support he needed from Donovan and Alec Burleson. Donovan, the Cardinals' steadiest hitter and fielder all season, smashed his career-best 14th home run in the third inning to start the scoring off Giants starter Hayden Birdsong, who struck out 11 over 4 1/3 innings. Burleson capped his breakout year with run-scoring singles in the fifth and sixth innings that gave the Cards a 6-0 lead. Donovan finished the year hitting .278 with 14 home runs and 73 RBIs in 153 games.

“I’ve made some adjustments, and I’ve learned a lot this year -- as a person and as a baseball player -- and you’re constantly learning in the game and trying to get better,” Donovan said. “Have I gotten better this year? Yes, but there are a lot of areas I want to clean up, and I’ve already got a game plan in place.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Added Burleson: “It was a good year overall. I’ve got to get better producing down the stretch. But overall, I’m happy about it. This allows me to focus on certain things and hone in on some skills. In the past, I’ve gone into Spring Training and just tried to make the team, so this will allow me to take the offseason and focus on things that will allow me to be good again next season.”

The Cardinals have high hopes that McGreevy can be good next year in what will likely be a full rookie season. If they lean in to a full-on rebuild around their young core of Masyn Winn, Jordan Walker, No. 4 prospect Thomas Saggese, Andre Pallante, Matthew Liberatore, Ryan Fernandez, Donovan and Burleson, McGreevy could be one of the fixtures within the rotation for 2025.

The 2021 first-round pick showed off his massive potential to the Cardinals in his MLB debut on July 31 when he limited the Rangers to five hits and one run over seven innings. On Tuesday, McGreevy held firm in a taxing start at Denver’s Coors Field -- always a scary proposition for a pitcher -- and then capped off his first MLB season with Sunday’s gem.

“The debut was an out-of-body experience, but here was, ‘Hey, this isn’t our first rodeo anymore,’ and about staying grounded,” he said. “So in my third start, I wanted to take every pitch for what it was worth and execute the best I could.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
St. Louis Cardinals
Michael McGreevy

Senior Reporter John Denton covers the Cardinals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/michael-mcgreevy-pitches-8-strong-innings-in-2024-finale 
 ----- 
