 MENU
My Picks
St. Louis Cardinals vs San Francisco Giants Prediction MLB Picks 9/29/24
Home  MLB Picks
 David Racey  September 28, 2024 10:38 pm
San Francisco Giants (80-81) vs St. Louis Cardinals (82-79)
Game Info: Sunday, September 29, 2024 at 3:05 pm (Oracle Park)
Hayden Birdsong (5-5) (4.66) vs Michael McGreevy (2-0) (2.40)
Betting Odds: San Francisco Giants -125 / St. Louis Cardinals +105 --- Over/Under: 8.5 Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: MLB.tv

In this article we will formulate a St. Louis Cardinals vs San Francisco Giants prediction for this MLB game on Sunday, September 29th at Oracle Park in San Francisco, California. To formulate this prediction for game three in the series, we will examine:

The Cardinals recent form and recent player performance 
The Giants recent form and recent play performance
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving St. Louis
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving San Francisco
Recent betting trends in games played between St. Louis and San Francisco 
A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for Today’s Game between St. Louis and San Francisco
St. Louis Cardinals Betting Preview

The St. Louis Cardinals are 82-79 this year and they have lost two of their last three games. St. Louis won game one in this series by a score of 6-3, but they lost game two on Saturday. Prior to this series, the Cardinals won two out of three against the Rockies, won two out of three against the Guardians, and won three out of four against the Pirates. St. Louis is 5-2 in their last seven games and they are third in the NL Central. 

The St. Louis pitching staff has a 4.06 ERA, a 1.26 WHIP, and a .249 opponent batting average. The Cardinals offense has scored 666 runs with a .248 batting average and a .311 on base percentage. Paul Goldschmidt is batting .245 with 22 home runs and 64 RBI’s for the Cardinals this season. 

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers
San Francisco Giants Betting Preview

The San Francisco Giants are 80-81 this season and they have lost two of their last three games. San Francisco won game two in this series by a score of 6-5 on Saturday night. Prior to this series, San Francisco won two out of three against the Diamondbacks, swept the Royals, and won two out of three against the Orioles. San Francisco is 6-2 in their last eight games and they are fourth in the NL West. 

The San Francisco pitching staff has a 4.09 ERA, a 1.30 WHIP, and a .246 opponent batting average. The Giants offense has scored 692 runs with a .239 batting average and a .306 on base percentage. Heliot Ramos is batting .269 with 22 home runs and 72 RBI’s for the Giants this season.

Starting Pitchers

The projected starting pitcher for St. Louis is Michael McGreevy, who is 2-0 with a 2.40 ERA and a 0.87 WHIP over 15.0 innings pitched this year. McGreevy has allowed four earned runs and 11 hits in three outings this season. The projected starting pitcher for San Francisco is Hayden Birdsong, who is 5-5 with a 4.66 ERA and a 1.37 WHIP over 67.2 innings pitched this season. Birdsong has allowed two earned runs or fewer in three of his last four starts. 

Why the Giants will beat the Cardinals 
The Cardinals have lost each of their last nine Sunday day games as road underdogs against NL West opponents.
The Giants have won six of their last seven games after playing the previous day.
The Giants have covered the run line in four of their last five day games following a win.
Why the Cardinals will beat the Giants 
The Cardinals have won six of their last seven games as road underdogs against National League opponents following a road loss.
The Giants have lost seven of their last eight day games against NL Central opponents that held a winning record.
The Giants have failed to cover the run line in nine of their last 10 day games against NL Central opponents that held a winning record.
The Cardinals have covered the run line in eight of their last nine games against NL West opponents that held a losing record.
Total Runs Facts
Eight of the Giants' last nine day games against NL Central opponents have gone OVER the total runs line.
Each of the Cardinals' last three road games against NL West opponents have gone OVER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Giants' last six games as favorites.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Cardinals' last five games as underdogs against NL West opponents.
San Francisco Giants Player Prop Facts
Matt Chapman has recorded at least one Double in each of the Giants' last three games against NL opponents at Oracle Park.
Michael Conforto has scored at least one run in each of his last four appearances.
LaMonte Wade Jr has recorded a Single in seven of the Giants' last eight home games against NL opponents that held a winning record.
Matt Chapman has recorded at least one hit in each of the Giants' last nine games as favorites against NL Central opponents.
Casey Schmitt has recorded at least one RBI in each of his last four appearances in day games against NL teams that held a winning record.
Casey Schmitt has hit at least one home run in three of his last five appearances in day games against teams that held a winning record.
Jung Hoo Lee has recorded at least one total base in each of his last nine appearances against NL opponents.
St. Louis Cardinals Player Prop Facts
Masyn Winn has recorded a Double in four of the Cardinals' last five games against the Giants.
Paul Goldschmidt has recorded at least one RBI in each of his last four road appearances against the Giants.
Masyn Winn has scored at least one run in each of the Cardinals' last eight games against NL West opponents that held a losing record.
Nolan Arenado has recorded at least one Single in each of his last six appearances.
Nolan Arenado has recorded at least one hit in each of his last 11 road appearances against NL West opponents.
Brendan Donovan has recorded at least one total base in each of the Cardinals' last seven day games against NL West opponents that held a losing record.
Lars Nootbaar has hit a home run in two of the Cardinals' last three games against opponents that held a losing record.
St. Louis Cardinals vs San Francisco Giants Prediction 

Both of these teams will not be going to the postseason this year, but they have played pretty well over the last week and will try to end the season on a high note here. The Giants are 42-38 at home this year, while the Cardinals are 38-42 on the road. San Francisco is starting Birdsong, who I don’t love, but he has pitched better in recent outings. The Cardinals are going with McGreevy, who has pitched pretty well in limited action this season. I like how both of these starting pitchers have looked in recent outings and I think we are going to see a lower scoring game, so take the under here. 

David’s Pick
Under 8.5
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: DAVID RACEY
David will find the winners to make you a profit. David uses full season statistics, with an emphasis on recent results, to find the best value. Follow David on Twitter @itsyerboi41

TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-29/st-louis-cardinals-vs-san-francisco-giants-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
