English
HomeLatest NewsWebstoryDNA HindiAutomobileEducationVideosBusinessPhotosIndia
ADVERTISEMENT
Headlines

Republic Day Parade 2025 Tickets: Know price, when, where and how to buy

Shweta Tiwari finally clarifies if she is married to Vishal Aditya Singh: 'Main already...'

Watch: Vinod Kambli discharged from hospital after 11 days, appeals people to...

Setback for Chennai Super Kings? MS Dhoni makes shocking statement about his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

How Mukesh Ambani’s son Anant Ambani lost 108 kgs, his fitness trainer shares details

Festival Calendar 2025: Holi, Janmashtami, Dussehra, Diwali, Eid, Bhai Dooj; check full list here

US: 10 dead, 30 injured after car plows into a crowd in New Orleans

Meet actress who gained 12 kgs, became chain smoker for blockbuster, was rejected by superstar, it earned Rs 117 crores

IND vs AUS: As Virat Kohli struggles to regain his form, ex-India cricketer urges BCCI to have exit plan ready

'Hardest part of the job is...': Swiggy agent shares challenges faced in collecting orders from...

Grapes, chips, ice cubes and condoms: What Indian's ordered on New Year's Eve

Atul Subhash Case: Karnataka HC asks Bengaluru techie's father to inform SC about Nikita's custody

Ileana D'Cruz pregnant with second child? Actress' new year post leave netizens puzzled

How 4 bank employees made Rs 12.5 crore fraud from CRED

BBL: Glenn Maxwell executes jaw-dropping catch for Melbourne Stars at long-off boundary - Watch

This year ranks as the warmest year since 1901, surpasses 2016 record, it is...

Mukesh Ambani's son Anant Ambani wears Rs 22 crore rare watch, pics go viral

Australia star registers for Pakistan Super League draft after going unsold in IPL 2025 auction

America Permanent Residency: 5 fastest ways to get US Green Card in 2025

Good news for IAS Tina Dabi, sister IAS Ria Dabi, IAS Athar Aamir on New Year 2025, they are promoted from...

This popular app tops list of social media platforms targeted by cyber criminals

'I would like to...': Sangeeta Bijlani makes BIG statement on ex-boyfriend Salman Khan, says he used to keep her in...

Team India star eager to serve as interim captain in Tests, calls himself Mr fix-it: Report

What is the salary of Mukesh Ambani's private Boeing 737 MAX jet pilot? Check here

King Cobras: Scientists reclassify world’s longest venomous snakes into 4 separate species

India men's cricket team schedule for 2025: Full list of Test, ODI and T20I fixtures

KRK claims his security guard 'slapped drunk Kapil Sharma, Mika Singh', says he warned singer 'dobara yaha aaya..'

Bodoland Lottery Result Today 01-01-2025: Assam state Jan 1 lucky draw result DECLARED at 3 pm; check winners list

Kerala Lottery Results January 1 declared: Fifty Fifty FF 123 Wednesday lucky draw result, check winner list here

IND vs AUS: Gautam Gambhir wanted THIS player for Australia Tests, selectors rejected his request

Meet Vinod Kambli's second wife, who worked as supermodel, she is now...

Jasprit Bumrah creates history, breaks R Ashwin's all-time rating points record in latest ICC rankings

Mukesh Ambani's driver salary is MORE than the money earned by many top executives, it is Rs...

Naga Vamsi BREAKS SILENCE on 'disrespecting' Boney Kapoor: 'You don’t need to teach us how..'

CTET 2024 Answer Key released at ctet.nic.in, get direct link here

'I didn’t change my mind but...': Donald Trump on supporting Elon Musk's H-1B visa remark

'New beginnings, new mindset': Suniel Shetty pens special note as he wishes fans, welcomes 2025

Little girl's adorable dance on 'Bole Chudiyan' leaves netizens mesmerised, WATCH viral video

Beyond the spotlight – Meet the best celebrity coaches in the world

'Does Mohan Bhagwat support BJP's wrongdoings'? Arvind Kejriwal writes to RSS Chief ahead of Delhi assembly polls

'Have a good feeling about 2025': Elon Musk at New Year's Eve gala hosted by Donald Trump

Viral video: Cricketer MS Dhoni dances with wife Sakshi at beachside party in Goa on New Year's eve, WATCH

Bigg Boss 18 family week: Vivian Dsena's wife Nouran Aly enters BB house, leaves actor in tears

Who is Nidhi Pandey, drug officer suspended after being caught on camera seeking bribe?

Mallika Sherawat says Bruno Mars sang Just the Way You Are for her 'personally', reveals Barack Obama asked her to...

'Bahut ho gaya’: Gautam Gambhir lashes out at senior cricketer's unrealistic captaincy aspirations, vows strict action..

Players and teams ruling the roost in the 2024-25 ISL season

Gen Beta is officially here! How their journeys will be shaped?

Human Behaviour as the cornerstone to future proof cyber security challenges

Shillong Teer Results TODAY January 1, 2025 Wednesday Live Updates: Check lucky winning numbers

Exploring K Raheja realty's role in sustainable real estate development

Yuvraj Singh, Irfan Pathan and other cricketers come together to wish fans a Happy New Year

Diljit Dosanjh faces trouble: Legal action taken after his concert in Ludhiana over alleged pro-alcohol songs

Parents of OpenAI whistleblower Suchir Balaji demand FBI probe after autopsy points to murder

'Great time to be...': NASA astronaut Sunita Williams to witness 16 sunrises, sunsets on Jan 1 from Space, check post

Olympic shooter Manu Bhaker wishes nation a Happy New Year, urges fans to adopt new resolution

Post-party blues? Here are top hangover remedies to get you back on track in 2025

From Credit Card to UPI to FD: Key changes in financial rules from January 1 that will affect common man

'Happy 2025': President Murmu, PM Modi, LoP Rahul Gandhi extend New Year greetings

Amid dating rumours with Abhishek Bachchan, Nimrat Kaur shares vacation video on New Year: '2025 here I...'

This man moved from India at 13, started his own company which is worth Rs 4171crore, closely related to Juhi Chawla

New Year's Eve: Virat Kohli spotted walking hand-in-hand with wife Anushka Sharma on streets of Sydney, WATCH viral clip

'Biwi Bhag Jayegi...': Gautam Adani's witty response to Narayana Murthy's 70-hour work week advise

10 major rules changing from January 1, 2025: How they will impact your pocket

Baby John box office collection day 7: Varun Dhawan film fails to impress fans, earns only Rs...

Sonakshi Sinha, Zaheer Iqbal celebrate New Year in Australia, enjoy spectacular fireworks in viral video: Watch

Delhi-NCR weather update: Air quality dips to 'poor category' with AQI 239, temperature drops to...

Nayanthara, Vignesh Shivan enjoy 'surreal night' with R Madhavan and his wife Sarita Birje, welcome 2025 from Dubai

Radhika Merchant's gold gown with mangalsutra bracelet is the perfect blend of tradition and modernity

New Year 2025: Google welcomes 2025 with mesmerising star-themed doodle

'Is Goa really empty?': Viral post during New Year festivities sparks debate online, netizens call it...

From Salman Khan's Sikandar' to Aamir Khan's Sitaare Zameen Par, War 2: Most-awaited movies of 2025

Hamas Commander Abd al-Hadi Sabah, leader of Oct 7 Kibbutz Nir Oz attack, eliminated in Israeli drone strike

Meet man, who co-founded Rs 2811 crore company, sold his Rs 780000000 stake, now resgined due to...

Meet one of the youngest Indian CEOs, who has net worth of Rs 4300 crore, runs company worth Rs...

Meet woman, who fought depression, bounced back to crack UPSC exam, now posted as....

DNA TV Show: Will there be a war between Pakistan and Afghan Taliban?

Pushpa 2: Aamir Khan congratulates Allu Arjun, team for blockbuster success

Delhi recorded 209 ‘good to moderate’ AQI in 2024, best since 2018

Noida Police to offer cabs for drunk partygoers on New Year's Eve; check details

Santosh Trophy 2024: Bengal beat Kerala 1-0 to win title for 33rd time

Tabu’s sister Farah Naaz would abuse herself, says Sujata Mehta: 'I would see marks on hands'

Deepika Padukone recalls taking first step towards committing her life to destigmatise mental illness: 'I took my...'

7th Pay Commission: Good news for govt employees of this state, 7% DA hiked from New Year 2025

Watch: Thousands of devotees throng Ram Temple to witness last arti of 2024

Why Yemen awarded death sentence to Kerala nurse Nimisha Priya

Star Wars actor Angus MacInnes passes away at 77

100 km and 12 days: World’s longest traffic jam happened in THIS country due to...

Anurag Kashyap says he is leaving Mumbai after being 'disgusted' by Bollywood: 'I'm so disappointed and...'

Australia welcomes New Year! Spectacular fireworks light the sky, WATCH viral video here

'Remove negative...': Ranveer Allahbadia aka Beer Biceps shares advice on career growth for New Year 2025

These countries welcome New Year first; check full list from first to last

New Year 2025 bank holiday: Are banks closed on January 1? Check here

New Year 2025: Countries that don’t celebrate January 1, here’s what they do

WATCH: New Zealand's Auckland welcomes New Year 2025 with fireworks, light show

WhatsApp Pay can now extend UPI services to all users in India as NPCI lifts...

Kate Beckinsale supports Blake Lively's sexual harassment case against Justin Baldoni, she was forced to do...

Mira Rajput says 'she is ready to fly', shares UNSEEN photos with Shahid Kapoor, shares her hopes for 2025

Happy New Year 2025: How New Year is celebrated across the world; know traditions, rituals

Ayush Mhatre breaks Yashasvi Jaiswal's world record, becomes youngest player to...

LATEST
WEBSTORY
TRENDING
Republic Day Parade 2025 Tickets: Know price, when, where and how to buy
Shweta Tiwari finally clarifies if she is married to Vishal Aditya Singh
Watch: Vinod Kambli discharged from hospital after 11 days, appeals people to...
PHOTOS
VIDEOS
ENTERTAINMENT
Malaika Arora is Scorpio, her ex-Arjun Kapoor is Cancer: Know what went wrong
From War 2 to Sitaare Zameen Par: 7 most anticipated Bollywood films of 2025
Bigg Boss 18 Top 10 contestants: Rajat Dalal, Karan Veer Mehra, & others
Home
Business

BUSINESS

Meet India's richest Muslim woman, who owns property worth crores, runs company worth of 28,773 crore, her business is..

She is the daughter of billionaire Rafique Malik, the company's chairman. Her grandfather, Malik Tejani, founded it in 1955 in Mumbai. Farah has guided Metro Shoes into a new era of modern retail. The company's brands include Mochi, Metro, and Walkway.

Varnika Srivastava

Updated : Apr 12, 2024, 04:35 PM IST

(Image source: LinkedIn)

Eid Ul Fitr was celebrated throughout the country. Amid celebrations, you may be left wondering if you are asked about the wealthiest Muslim woman in the country. The name of the country's richest Muslim woman is Farah Malik Bhanji. She is the managing director of the Metro brand, which sells premium shoes. Her net worth is more than Rs. 26000 crore. Farah Malik plays an important role in giving the Metro brand a new identity.

She is the daughter of billionaire Rafique Malik, the company's chairman. Her grandfather, Malik Tejani, founded it in 1955 in Mumbai. Farah has guided Metro Shoes into a new era of modern retail. The company's brands include Mochi, Metro, and Walkway.

As of December 8, the company's market capitalisation was Rs 35,117 crore. Farah is the second of five daughters. His father, Rafique, has a real-time net worth of Rs 21697 crore as of 12 April.

TRENDING NOW
Meet Pulkit Kejriwal, son of Arvind Kejriwal, who cracked IIT-JEE, went to IIT-Delhi, is now pursuing...
Delhi Weather Update: Cold wave intensifies in Delhi-NCR, temperature on New Year's Eve drops to...
Bigg Boss 18: Rajat Dalal, Karan Veer Mehra, Vivian Dsena, Shilpa Shirodkar, Eisha Singh, and others in top 10
7th Pay Commission: Good news for govt employees of this state, 7% DA hiked from New Year 2025
Amid divorce rumours with Aishwarya Rai, Abhishek Bachchan admits 'I am not worthy of being...'
Vedang Raina breaks silence on Jigra's dismal box office performance: 'When some people...'
Mohanlal REACTS to Barroz box office failure: 'Why should we...'
Why Yemen awarded death sentence to Kerala nurse Nimisha Priya
Radhika Merchant's gold gown with mangalsutra bracelet is the perfect blend of tradition and modernity
Watch: Indonesian girls dance on 'Aaj ki raat' as local artist sings, video goes viral
'Naa shakal naa surat...': Veteran actor says Priyanka Chopra refused to kiss him, got upset when he...
'Good to be back': After breaking up with Malaika Arora, Arjun Kapoor reunites with his 'partner-in-crime after ages'
'I'm overjoyed to share...': Sachin Tendulkar makes huge announcement about daughter Sara Tendulkar, two months after...

Farah has more than 20 years of experience in the footwear industry. She has played a key role in reimagining the company for the new era. She began her career in marketing before moving on to revamp Metro Brands Limited's technology roadmap and supply chain. The company was listed in December 2021. The late billionaire investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala's wife, Rekha, owns a minority stake in Metro Brands.

 

She pays close attention to detail, is well-versed in business, and has a sense of style. The footwear company has experienced growth for both the company and its employees under her leadership. She has played a crucial role in forging connections with international companies like Skechers, Crocs, and Clarks in addition to forging close bonds with more than 250 reliable vendors. She contributed to the network's growth from 100 stores in 2010 to 598 locations across 136 Indian cities.

At the close of trading on Wednesday, Metro Brands Ltd. saw a rise to Rs. 1058. Rs. 1,440.45 is the stock's 52-week high level, and Rs. 784.45 is its 52-week low. Metro Brands' shares opened at Rs 1044 at the start of the trading session on Wednesday. Subsequently, it increased by over 20 rupees, closing at 1058. The company cap is of Rs 28,773 crore. 

Find your daily dose of All Latest News including Sports News, Entertainment News, Lifestyle News, explainers & more. Stay updated, Stay informed- Follow DNA on WhatsApp.
who is farah malik bhanjiFarah Malik BhanjiFarah malik net worthFarah malik company namewho is farah malik bhanjiRafique MalikMetro Brandsmetro brands indiamochi metrofarah malik bhanji metro brandsfarah malik bhanji net worthfarah malik bhanji husband namefarah malik bhanji Wikipediafarah malik bhanji familyfarah malik bhanji agefarah malik bhanji contact numberfarah malik bhanji biographyfarah malik bhanji email id
ADVERTISEMENT
VIDEO OF THE DAY

Lok Sabha Elections 2024: Anupamaa' Star Rupali Ganguly Joins BJP, Says 'Big Fan' Of PM Modi

Watch more
LIVE TV
ADVERTISEMENT
POPULAR STORIES
Amid dating rumours with Abhishek Bachchan, Nimrat Kaur shares vacation video
Will Mukesh Ambani host Conor McGregor vs Logan Paul at Wankhede stadium?
Yashasvi Jaiswal achieves rare feat, joins elite club of Tendulkar and Gavaskar
NASA astronaut Sunita Williams to witness 16 sunrises, sunsets on Jan 1
Shweta Tiwari REACTS to Palak Tiwari getting trolled for her linkup rumours
MORE
MOST VIEWED
Malaika Arora is Scorpio, her ex-Arjun Kapoor is Cancer: Know what went wrong
From War 2 to Sitaare Zameen Par: 7 most anticipated Bollywood films of 2025
Bigg Boss 18 Top 10 contestants: Rajat Dalal, Karan Veer Mehra, & others
Anushka -Virat to Deepika-Ranveer, how compatible these celebs' relationship
From Kishkindha Kaandam to Maharaja, Aattam, 5 best Indian films of 2024
MORE
MOST WATCHED
Zhuhai Attack: China President Xi Jinping Urges All-Out Efforts To Treat Injured In Car Ramming Case
Israel-Hezbollah War: Hezbollah Fires Nearly 200 Rockets Targeting Haifa; IDF Intercepts Missiles
US Elections: Trump Begins Cabinet Expansion, Picks Mike Waltz As NSA ,Know Details
South Korean Actor Song Jae Rim Found Dead At The Age Of 39 In His Seoul Apartment
Israel-Hezbollah War: Israeli Woman Shares Chilling Close Call With Death Amid Israel-Hezbollah War
MORE
DNA ORIGNALS
DNA TV Show: Focus of Lok Sabha polls 2024 shifting from development to religion
DNA TV Show: Amit Shah's doctored video exposes 'deepfakes' a new threat
DNA TV Show: Analysis of child traffickers' modus operandi in Delhi
DNA Exclusive: Ugly 'Car-Nama' exposed! Showrooms charge extra for delivering ca
DNA Exclusive: India's first Twitter user on her 16-year Twitter journey
MORE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dnaindia.com/business/report-meet-india-s-richest-muslim-woman-who-owns-property-worth-crores-runs-company-worth-of-28773-crore-her-bus-3085151 
 ----- 
