Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 Copa América, Group Stage
PER
0-1-0, 1 PTS
0
FT
CHI
0-1-0, 1 PTS
0
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Chile hold Peru to 0-0 draw in Copa América opener
ByReuters
Updated: Jun 22, 2024, 03:46 am

Chile and Peru missed the chance to take a big step toward Copa América quarter-final qualification on Friday night, playing out a dour 0-0 draw in their Group A opener in Arlington, Texas.

The teams were striving to join Argentina on three points after the defending champions' 2-0 victory over Canada, whose qualification hopes have also been boosted by the draw.

The stalemate reflected Chile and Peru's struggles in the Conmebol World Cup Qualifying, where they have jointly managed just four goals across 12 matches.

Chile's Alexis Sánchez squandered the game's best opportunity in the 16th minute.

The former Inter Milan and Arsenal forward missed a golden opportunity when he received Víctor Dávila's low cross in the six-yard box, only to send his effort soaring over the crossbar.

"They started aggressively. I had two chances and this is the Copa America and you have to make them," Sanchez said.

"We were imprecise in our passes, we played only one game before coming here."

Chile's Alexis Sanchez failed to provide the breakthrough against Peru.
Omar Vega/Getty Images

Chile showed more attacking flair but failed to execute the crucial final pass in a first half marred by injuries, with Peru's Luis Advíncula subbed off in the 35th minute and Chilean midfielder Diego Valdés being replaced at halftime.

Peru's Miguel Araujo nearly broke the deadlock in the 43rd minute, forcing Chile's goalkeeper Claudio Bravo into an acrobatic save with a well-connected header from Sergio Peña's free kick.

Despite Peru's striker Gianluca Lapadula creating the most dangerous moments of the second half, he failed to seriously challenge Bravo.

His most promising chance came in the 57th minute when a deflection fell to him, but his slip resulted in a weak shot easily saved by Bravo.

In the 79th minute, his volley from Pena's corner forced Bravo into another save, and the keeper managed to collect the rebound just in time to prevent a second attempt.

"I think we played a great game and, with that attitude, we can take any game forward," Lapadula said.

"The first half was much more defensive and the second much more offensive. I had two clear chances and we have to keep working like that. I think we played a great game and it will be our start."

Bravo's performance in goal capped a special night for the former Barcelona and Manchester City goalkeeper, who at 41 years, 2 months and 16 days became the oldest-ever Copa America player.

Chile next face group leaders Argentina in New Jersey on Tuesday, while Peru take on Canada in Kansas City.

Game Information
AT&T Stadium
12:00 AM, June 22, 2024
Coverage: FS1
Arlington, Texas, USA
Line: CHI -0.5
Over/Under: 1.5
Attendance: 43,030
Referees:
Wilton Pereira Sampaio
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/690706 
 ----- 
