SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Tickets
Schedule
Club
News
The Clive Kit
Shop
Green is Gold
Account
International
Copa América | Timbers’ Miguel Araujo helps Peru pick up shutout
Timbers.com Staff

Saturday, Jun 22, 2024, 03:04 AM

ARLINGTON, Texas – On night No. 2 of Copa América 2024, Portland Timbers defender Miguel Araujo went to work with Peru against Chile in Group A action at AT&T Stadium.

Araujo featured on the backline for Peru and played the full 90 minutes, helping secure a shutout in a sluggish, scoreless draw. Peru held Chile to just a single shot on goal.

Match Report: Peru vs. Chile

In the 43rd minute, Araujo had Peru's best chance at the opening goal of the first half, driving a diving header off a set piece on frame only to be denied by a diving save.

With the draw, Peru picks up a point in the Group A standings.

Up next: Peru faces Canada in a matchup of Timbers teammates on Tuesday, June 25, at Kansas City’s Children’s Mercy Park; kickoff is 3 p.m. (Pacific). A live broadcast is available on FS1.

Peru's Next Match:
Matchup
	
When
	
Where



2024 Copa América Group StagePeru vs. Canada

	
June 25 at 3pm PT
	
Kansas City, KS
Related Stories
Copa América | Timbers' Maxime Crépeau shines in Canada opener
Timbers.com Staff -
@TimbersFC
INTERNATIONAL
TEAM
MIGUEL ARAUJO
Related Stories
Goalkeeper Maxime Crépeau named finalist for 2024 Canada Soccer Player of the Year 
Timbers Academy's Brenden Leon to join U-15 U.S. Men's Youth National Team Domestic Training Camp
Maxime Crépeau, Kamal Miller called up to Canada Men's National Team for Concacaf Nations League Quarterfinals
Celebrate 50 years with us!

Get access to exclusive discounts, benefits and events as we celebrate 50 years of Timbers.

Become an Annual Member
Be in the know!

Get the latest Timbers news, ticket info, merchandise deals and more!

Name*
First Name
Last Name
Email*
*
Required field
I would like to receive news, ticket deals and merchandise promos

*By checking the box, you hereby consent to receive additional information from the Portland Timbers, Major League Soccer, Soccer United Marketing and its marketing partners. We may use your contact details to provide information about products and events that may be of interest to you in accordance with the MLS Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.

Submit Form
Timbers sign free agent winger Ariel Lassiter
Top moments from the 2024 season | Talk Timbers | December 18, 2024
Timbers select two players in MLS SuperDraft 2025
Timbers announce schedule for 2025 MLS regular season
Find the The Golden Match in the 2025 MLS Schedule
Matchday and concert tickets at Providence Park will serve as TriMet tickets in 2025 and 2026
Timbers set to participate in 2025 Coachella Valley Invitational
Club Sites
About
Tickets
MLS
Shop
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timbers.com/news/copa-america-timbers-miguel-araujo-helps-peru-pick-up-shutout 
 ----- 
