MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
COPA AMÉRICA
Lionel Messi creates both goals as Argentina opens Copa América title defense by beating Canada 2-0
Published Jun. 20, 2024 10:43 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK

Lionel Messi's through ball led to Julián Álvarez's goal in the 49th minute, then he assisted on Lautaro Martínez's goal in the 88th as Argentina began the defense of its Copa América title with a 2-0 victory over Canada on Thursday night.

Argentina is seeking its third straight major title after winning the 2021 Copa América and the 2022 World Cup.

With South America's championship moved to the United States for the second time, Messi set a Copa América record with his 35th match, one more than Chile's Sergio Livingstone from 1941-53. Messi extended his own record with his 18th assist.

Julián Álvarez scores in 49' to give Argentina a 1-0 lead vs. Canada | Copa América 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Messi, who turns 37 on Monday, created the first goal when following a throw-in he headed a pass through the defense for Alexis MacAllister. The midfielder side-footed a pass to Álvarez while crashing into an onrushing goalkeeper Maxime Crépeau about 8 yards out. Álvarez had a virtually empty net and kicked the ball in over a sliding defender for his eighth goal in 32 international appearances.

Messi extended his Copa América record when he ran through the center of the midfield and rolled a pass to Martínez, who got his 25th international goal.

Argentina's Lionel Messi assists Lautaro Martínez's goal to secure a 2-0 win over Canada | Copa América 2024

Messi's best scoring chance was in the 65th minute, when Crépeau made a diving stop and Messi's attempt off the rebound was blocked by the head of defender Derek Cornelius. Messi put a chip wide after he came in alone on Crépeau in the 79th.

He was shaken up by a sliding tackle from defender Moïse Bombito in the 82nd minute, but remained in the game.

How To Wear Cowboy Boots and Jeans for...
Ariat|Sponsored
Tom Brady picks his Super Bowl favorite a few weeks before NFL playoffs start
Tom Brady knows most of all how the postseason differs from the regular season —and who is built to win.
Poker Players in South Carolina Are Loving This New Game
Get On It Now And Experience It With 1,000,000 Free Poker Chips
World Series of Poker|Sponsored
Pete Carroll reportedly eyeing return to coaching, targeting Bears
Former Super Bowl champion Pete Carroll is looking to return to coaching in 2025 and is reportedly eyeing the Bears' vacancy.
'No class, no balls': NBA coaches react to Kings firing 2-time coach of the year Mike Brown
Not even two years ago, Rick Carlisle publicly lauded Mike Brown for the job he did on the way to winning the NBA’s coach of the year award.

Argentina plays Chile on Tuesday at East Rutherford, New Jersey, then closes the first round against Peru on June 29 at Miami Gardens, Florida. Canada faces Peru on Tuesday at Kansas City, Kansas, and finishes the group stage against Chile on June 29 at Orlando, Florida.

Fourteen U.S. stadiums are hosting the tournament, which runs through June 14 and ends at Miami Gardens, Florida. Six nations from North and Central America and the Caribbean were added to the 10 South American teams, just as in the centennial Copa América in 2016.

Slow starts did not prevent the Albiceleste from winning their previous two tournaments. Argentina opened the 2022 World Cup with a 2-1 loss to Saudi Arabia and began the 2021 Copa América with a 1-1 draw against Chile.

Argentina vs. Canada Highlights | Copa América 2024

Canada made its Copa América debut and played its first competitive match under American coach Jesse Marsch, hired on May 13.

Grass was installed at Mercedes-Benz Stadium after a Major League Soccer game Saturday on the usual artificial turf.

Argentina started eight players who began the 2022 World Cup final victory over France, inserting central defender Lisandro Martínez, left back Marcos Acuña and Leandro Paredes for Nicolás Otamendi, Nicolás Tagliafico and Enzo Fernández.

Argentina goalkeeper Emiliano Martínez was tested in the 43rd minute, when he used his left hand to bat away a bounced header by Stephen Eustáquio.

[Want great stories delivered right to your inbox? Create or log in to your FOX Sports account, follow leagues, teams and players to receive a personalized newsletter daily.]

Reporting by The Associated Press.

SHARE
Get more from Copa América
Follow your favorites to get information about games, news and more
FOLLOW
IN THIS TOPIC
International Friendlies
MLS
Lionel Messi
Canada
Argentina
Copa América
COPA - Argentina vs. Canada - 06/21/2024
Lautaro Martinez
Julian Alvarez
SPONSORED CONTENT
Many People Are Surprised By The Price Of Asphalt Paving In...
Asphalt Paving I Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
"Worried About Being Unplugged ? Never Lose Connection Again!"
Portable Power Station | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
See Why Seniors Are Switching To These SUVs (The Prices Mig...
Seniors: Discover Discounts & Savings On New SUVs With These...
FrequentSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds and you can do it right at...
Arthrozene
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Seniors With Numb Feet Are Calling This Trick Genius!
Try This 10 Minute Trick Tonight!
Norlie
|
Sponsored
Learn More
2024 Senior SUV Is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a...
Home Value Lookup
|
Sponsored
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
Ready for a challenge? This game was designed for the experienced and...
History Strategy Game
|
Sponsored
Play Game
The Best Unsold SUVs For Seniors In North Charleston (Take A Look)
Seniors: Discover Discounts & Savings On New SUVs With These Searches.
FrequentSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Buick Surpasses Expectations Once Again: See The New Models
PopularSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
2024 NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2024 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2024 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/stories/soccer/lionel-messi-creates-both-goals-argentina-opens-copa-america-title-defense-beating-canada-2-0 
 ----- 
