MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Phillies rookie Johan Rojas, destroyer of defensive metrics, is suddenly their starting center fielder
By Matt Gelb
Sep 19, 2023

144

ATLANTA — Johan Rojas went eight days without an at-bat earlier this month while the Phillies explored different outfield mixes. They looked at Cristian Pache, who has a similar skill set. It was his freak injury — a loose screw inserted into his elbow years ago rubbing against ligaments — that prompted the Phillies to promote Rojas from Double A to the majors in July.

But, last week, Rojas nudged his way back into the lineup. Pache greeted him when he returned to the dugout after an inning. “He was very honest with me,” Rojas said through a team interpreter. Pache relayed what everyone is thinking right now.

“Dude,” Pache said to Rojas, “it has been a long time since I saw an outfielder that gave me such joy watching him play.”

Rojas is ahead of schedule. But, with two weeks left in the regular season, it’s clear the 22-year-old has pushed his way into the current plans. He is the team’s starting center fielder. On a per-inning basis, advanced defensive metrics rate him as the best fielder in decades. Whatever he does at the plate — where he’s an unfinished product — is a bonus. He smacked an opposite-field, two-run homer Monday night that set the tone for a breezy 7-1 Phillies win over the Braves.

He is hitting .300/.344/.442 in 133 plate appearances with 12 steals in 13 attempts.

“He plays like he deserves to be here,” Nick Castellanos said. “He definitely commands the outfield — not like a rookie. He’s a great teammate. He’s energetic. Honestly, even if I wanted to think of something negative to bring up or something that he needs to work on, really, everything is fantastic. So now it’s just a matter of holding that foundation and continuing to get experience.”

	Johan Rojas runs the bases after his home run, one of five hit by the Phillies on Monday. (Dale Zanine / USA Today)

The Phillies are careful when they discuss Rojas because they don’t want to make him something he’s not. He was, before this season, a prospect whose value generated robust debate. There was no doubting his defensive acumen. But there were long-held questions by rival evaluators about whether Rojas could hit big-league pitching — or at least hit enough to justify his elite-level defense.

So far, he has.

“His at-bats are really growing on me,” Rob Thomson said. The manager noted that Rojas’ worst at-bat might have been his last one Monday night; he struck out on a pitch in the dirt. But there is promise.

“He’s had great at-bats,” Thomson said. “I’m really proud of him. I’m really happy for him.”

More than anything, Rojas has gained the trust of a battle-tested clubhouse. The Phillies never envisioned Rojas spending a few weeks, let alone two months, in the majors this season.

He’s here.

“I feel like just as a fan of defense, it’s a joy just to watch him play let alone be on the same squad as him,” said Brandon Marsh, who has shifted from center to left to accommodate Rojas. “That dude goes and gets it with the best of them. It’s super impressive. At a young age, too. The dude’s 22 years old, playing like he’s a 10-year vet out there. So it’s awesome.”

	The Phillies congratulate Rojas after his second-inning home run off Kyle Wright. (Dale Zanine / USA Today)

There is one play that surprised even Rojas. “I remember it vividly,” Rojas said. He can recall all of the details. Craig Kimbrel was pitching. There were runners on the corners. It was against the Giants. Thairo Estrada was the batter.

“Estrada hit the ball in between right and center field,” Rojas said. “It was a line drive. I didn’t think I had a chance. But I kept going and kept going and I caught it.”

Rojas smiled.

“So,” he said, “that one surprised me.”

Rojas is challenging how defenders are measured in modern baseball. It’s best to ignore small samples. Rojas, obviously, is a talented defender who makes it look easy. He does things others cannot. But, entering Monday’s game, he had accumulated 14 Defensive Runs Saved. That ranked 14th among all fielders this season — and Rojas had played only 310 innings in the field. It’s an astounding rate. Rojas has broken the metric.

Or not.

“No,” Marsh said, “I don’t think it’s crazy. I mean, the dude had 11 Defensive Runs Saved in August. Right? You don’t see that.”

Marsh had the number right.

“The dude plays left-center, center, right-center,” Marsh said. “Everyone else gets the lines. I mean, he takes a lot of pressure off of his corner guys — myself included.”

It’s more complex than that, but there are different things the Phillies can do with Rojas in center. Marsh, a talented defender, gives them an advantage in left. He tracked a ball into the corner last week that most left fielders don’t reach.

“It changes the whole dynamic,” Marsh said. “It helps us get to those balls because we don’t have to be over there. He’s got all that.”

Castellanos hasn’t shaded closer to the line yet, although this is something the Phillies have discussed internally. They like to let Castellanos be during the season. When the postseason comes, there will be more detailed positioning instructions.

“I mean, my responsibility’s a lot less,” Castellanos said. “You know? I don’t get to play as much because he calls me off all the time.”

Castellanos laughed.

“But it’s good,” he said.

Castellanos has become something of a mentor to Rojas; they spend time together in the outfield doing drills before every game. Rojas, with Castellanos’ permission, started to unbutton more of his jersey as his playing time increased. Now, Rojas is at least three buttons deep and the golden lion he wears around his neck is visible. It’s a confident look.

Rojas has backed it with his words.

“It’s a lot of fun to play right next to Marsh,” Rojas said. “We’re always talking. We’re always joking around. Something that we always say to give us an extra boost is: Nothing is going to drop here. Either you catch it or I catch it. We’re both going to go for the ball. We know how much field we can cover. So there is absolutely no chance a ball is going to bounce on us.”

	Johan Rojas makes a leaping catch against the wall at Citizens Bank Park last month. (John Geliebter / USA Today)

There might be certain matchups that prompt the Phillies to do something different in the outfield come October. But it’s hard to imagine a better combination that outweighs Rojas’ defense. Especially when he’s held his own at the plate.

No one would have blamed Rojas for losing confidence when the Phillies sat him. It was more than a week without a start.

“The way I stay ready is by giving my 100 percent every time I take the field,” Rojas said. “Even if it’s practice or if it’s a game. But if it’s practice, I power shag. I take my fly balls seriously. I run the bases because I know speed is a big component of mine.”

Rojas, who signed in 2018 for $10,000 as a teenager in the Dominican Republic, has allowed himself to think about October baseball. “And,” he said, “honestly, it would be incredible.” The Phillies were not sure how Rojas would factor into their plans. Now, they have a decent idea.

It’s too hard to ignore everything about Rojas.

“I’m enjoying this moment as much as I can,” he said. “I feel like, here, we’re all family. We see each other as family. I’ve always wanted to be here and I’m enjoying every second of it.”

(Top photo of Johan Rojas, center, Brandon Marsh, left, and Nick Castellanos after the Phillies won: Rich von Biberstein / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images)

Matt Gelb is a senior writer for The Athletic covering the Philadelphia Phillies. He has covered the team since 2010 while at The Philadelphia Inquirer, including a yearlong pause from baseball as a reporter on the city desk. He is a graduate of Syracuse University and Central Bucks High School West.

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4876851/2023/09/19/johan-rojas-phillies-center-fielder/ 
 ----- 
