Skip to main content
Sections
Search
EPaper
Podcasts
Newsletters
More
WATCH: GLOBE TODAY
EPAPER
SPORTS
Red Sox
Patriots
Bruins
Celtics
Revolution
High Schools
Colleges
TV & Radio
METRO
Weather
Politics
Transportation
Education
Camberville
Around Mass.
Investigations
Obituaries
Death Notices
GAMES & PUZZLES
Crossword
Mini Crossword
Sudokus
Word Flower
WordroW
Jigsaw
BUSINESS
Tech Power Players
Technology
Economy
Housing
Real Estate
Jobs
Biotech
Future Of Work
The Fine Print
Bold Types
POLITICS
2024 Election
MONEY, POWER, INEQUALITY
CLIMATE
SPOTLIGHT
OPINION
Ideas
Columns And Op-Eds
Editorials
Letters
Cartoons
Say More Podcast
NEW HAMPSHIRE
Business
Politics
Education
Crime
Health
Commentary
RHODE ISLAND
Things To Do
Rhode Island Podcast
RI Food & Dining
Politics
Business
Arts
Crime
WORLD
COVID
GLOBE MAGAZINE
Miss Conduct
Dinner With Cupid
Perspective
Women & Power 2023
LIFESTYLE
A Beautiful Resistance
Food & Dining
Comics
Crossword
Games
Travel
Names
Love Letters
Real Estate
ARTS
Books
Movies
Music
Television
Visual Arts
Theater/Dance
CARS
REAL ESTATE
EVENTS
EPAPERMETROWEATHERPOLITICSSPORTSBUSINESSWATCH: GLOBE TODAYPUZZLESRHODE ISLANDGLOBE MAGAZINEOPINIONHEALTHARTSLIFESTYLEEDUCATIONCAMBERVILLEMONEY, POWER, INEQUALITYSPOTLIGHTTECHNOLOGYCLIMATECARSREAL ESTATEEVENTS
SIGN IN
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Starting at $1
MLB NOTEBOOK
Ronald Acuña Jr. on the verge of becoming majors’ first 40-60 player
Updated September 19, 2023, 7:13 p.m.
1
Ronald Acuña Jr. rounds the base after hitting his 39th home run of the season Tuesday, putting him on the verge of becoming MLB's first 40-60 player.KEVIN C. COX/GETTY

Ronald Acuña Jr. homered twice on his bobblehead night and stole his 67th base, leaving him one long ball shy of becoming Major League Baseball’s first 40-60 player, and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies, 9-3, on Tuesday night to stop a four-game losing streak.

Spencer Strider (18-5) increased his major league-leading wins total and struck out 11 to increase his big league-high total 270 with his 17th career double-digit strikeout game, his 11th this season.

Acuña homered on the first pitch of the game from Cristopher Sánchez (2-5) and had another solo homer off Yunior Marte in the sixth. Acuña has a team-record 33 leadoff homers, including seven this season — three on the first pitch. Of his 205 hits this season, 51 have come in the first inning.

Advertisement

No player has ever had 40 homers and 60 steals in a season, much less 70 stolen bases. Fans chanted “MVP! MVP!” after Acuña singled off Michael Lorenzen in the fifth and stole second.

Get Starting Point
A guide through the most important stories of the morning, delivered Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Enter Email
Sign Up

NL East champion Atlanta avoided what would have been its first five-game skid since September, 2017. Marcell Ozuna drove in three runs with three hits, including a two-run double in the fifth, as the Braves outhit the Phillies 13-4.

Philadelphia, while second in the NL East, leads the NL wild-card race.

Twins get closer to title

Willi Castro hit a two-run homer and made two spectacular catches, Kenta Maeda combined on a four-hitter and the Minnesota Twins beat the Cincinnati Reds 7-0 on Tuesday night in another step toward their third AL Central title in five seasons.

Ryan Jeffers added a solo homer for Minnesota (80-72), which opened an eight-game lead over second-place Cleveland with 10 games remaining.

Cincinnati (79-74), shut out for the 10th time, remained out of the NL’s three wild-card berths.

Ohtani should hit on Opening Day

Los Angeles Angels star Shohei Ohtani had elbow surgery Tuesday, and his doctor, Dr. Neal ElAttrache, said he expects the two-way star will be available as a hitter on Opening Day next season and will return to the mound as a pitcher in 2025.

Ohtani tore the ulnar collateral ligament in his right elbow on Aug. 23, ending his pitching season. He continued as a batter through Sept. 3 until an oblique strain.

Advertisement

“I had a procedure done on my elbow earlier this morning and everything went very well,” Ohtani said in a post on Instagram. “Thank you very much for everyone’s prayers and kind words. It was very unfortunate that I couldn’t finish out the year on the field, but I will be rooting on the boys until the end. I will work as hard as I can and do my best to come back on the diamond stronger than ever.”

The 29-year-old Ohtani leads the AL with 44 homers and has 96 RBIs, eight triples and 20 stolen bases. He was 10-5 with a 3.14 ERA in 23 starts, striking out 167 and walking 55 in 132 innings.

Ohtani is eligible for free agency after the World Series. Before the elbow injury, there was speculation he would get a record contract of $500 million or more.

The Angels received a boost when injured star Mike Trout has accompanied the team on its last road trip of the season and took dry swings before Tuesday’s 6-2 loss at Tampa. The Rays got a tiebreaking two-run double from Osleivis Basabe in a four-run eighth inning.

The three-time AL MVP has played just one game since fracturing the hamate bone in his left hand July 3. The center fielder returned Aug. 22 but was shut down the next day because of discomfort.

Marlins move for Moore

The Miami Marlins claimed lefthanded reliever Matt Moore off waivers from the Cleveland Guardians to solidify their bullpen for the last 10 days of the regular season.

“He gets lefties and righties out, which is nice,” Marlins manager Skip Schumaker said before Tuesday’s 4-3 win over the Mets. “He’s been there before — back-end piece. Just a guy that you want out there in a big leverage-type situation.”

Advertisement

Miami’s bullpen has a 4.19 ERA, 18th among the 30 teams. The Marlins improved to 79-73 after Jake Burger’s walk-off single in the ninth inning and remain in contention for a wild-card berth.

The 34-year-old is 4-1 with a 2.77 ERA in 46 appearances with the Angels and Guardians this season.

Pitchers shut down

The Mets confirmed that injured star closer Edwin Díaz will not rejoin the club this season. The club confirmed that Díaz will continue rehabilitating his right knee with a targeted return of next spring training . . . The Royals are shutting down Brady Singer for the remainder of the season after the righthander complained of back pain following his shaky outing against Cleveland. Kansas City put righthander Brad Keller, also expected to be a big part of the rotation, back on the injured list after symptoms of thoracic outlet syndrome returned . . . The sliding Cubs placed infielder Nick Madrigal on the 10-day injured list retroactive to Sept. 17 with a right hamstring strain. He missed most of July with a similar injury . . . Tigers outfielder Riley Greene, who throws lefthanded, will have surgery on his right elbow Wednesday. The fifth overall pick in the 2019 draft was injured while making a diving catch on Sept. 1. . . Giants righthander Alex Cobb left Tuesday night’s game against the Diamondbacks in the third inning after apparently aggravating a left hip injury that’s been bothering him since mid-June.

Show comments
BOSTON GLOBE TODAY
Does the Patriots’ path forward include Mike Vrabel?
SHARE

7:54

What does moving on mean for New England? Senior NFL writer Ben Volin and beat reporter Christopher Price weigh in on how the franchise can rebuild.
NOW PLAYING
Does the Patriots’ path forward include Mike Vrabel?
The Patriots players that should return to Foxborough
NFL Draft: What will the Patriots do with no. 4 pick?
SEE MORE VIDEOS


MOST POPULAR ON BOSTONGLOBE.COM
The real reasons why LA’s fires are out of control
Source: Patriots in negotiations to sign Mike Vrabel as head coach
Which ballparks should you visit this summer? Here’s the list of the best (and worst) in Major League Baseball
Ranking the six NFL head coaching vacancies (and, yes, the Patriots really are No. 1)
Red Sox remain more incomplete than incredible, their lineup having only shrank since last season
Around 60 Tatte workers forced to resign amid growing immigration fears
Boston Police and federal ICE officials are arguing over detainer requests — and the faxes that the feds sent
Trevor Story among those excited at potential for Nolan Arenado on the Red Sox


VIEWS FROM OUR COLUMNISTS
CHAD FINN
NESN appears to be finally getting Red Sox booth right again
CHRISTOPHER L. GASPER
Stop crediting the Krafts for making the hard decision to fire Jerod Mayo. It was the easy way out.
DAN SHAUGHNESSY
The real season — the offseason — is finally here for the Patriots, and other thoughts
TARA SULLIVAN
If Robert Kraft doesn’t get this next Patriots coaching hire right, will his legacy sustain permanent damage?
GARY WASHBURN
Next step in Jaylen Brown’s journey comes in his signature sneakers
MORE ON GLOBE.COM
PATRIOTS
Source: Patriots in negotiations to sign Mike Vrabel as head coach
If the former Patriots linebacker is unable to come to an agreement, then New England’s search would require much more time given the league’s rules surrounding staffs of playoff teams.
OPINION
The real reasons why LA’s fires are out of control
The most devastating wildfires in LA history are forcing almost every resident to flee or hunker down in fear while outsiders unfairly spread blame.
SUNDAY FOOTBALL NOTES
Ranking the six NFL head coaching vacancies (and, yes, the Patriots really are No. 1)
This offseason, the Patriots face many of the problems that they did a year ago, yet now they arguably have the best opening for coaches in the NFL. And most of it has to do with Drake Maye,
SUNDAY BASEBALL NOTES
Which ballparks should you visit this summer? Here’s the list of the best (and worst) in Major League Baseball
What better time than the dead of winter to rank the current ballparks and provide a few tips for those considering going on a trip in 2025?
ON BASEBALL
Red Sox remain more incomplete than incredible, their lineup having only shrank since last season
It’s still far too early to judge this important offseason, but it’s going to get late fast and Boston clearly needs a righthanded hitter with power.
Around 60 Tatte workers forced to resign amid growing immigration fears
The workers were flagged multiple times beforehand for discrepancies in their government records — a potential sign of issues with their immigration status.
Boston inches closer to rebuilding Long Island Bridge
For years, Boston officials have sought to place a large addiction-recovery campus on Long Island.
Boston Police and federal ICE officials are arguing over detainer requests — and the faxes that the feds sent
The bureaucratic tiff comes as immigration enforcement remains at the fore of pubic debate, and as President-elect Donald Trump has vowed mass deportations.
RED SOX NOTEBOOK
Trevor Story among those excited at potential for Nolan Arenado on the Red Sox
Story, who played five seasons with Arenado in Colorado, thinks the third baseman has more to give than his numbers the last two years infer.
MOST READ IN THIS SECTION
PATRIOTS
Source: Patriots in negotiations to sign Mike Vrabel as head coach
SUNDAY BASEBALL NOTES
Which ballparks should you visit this summer? Here’s the list of the best (and worst) in Major League Baseball
SUNDAY FOOTBALL NOTES
Ranking the six NFL head coaching vacancies (and, yes, the Patriots really are No. 1)
ON BASEBALL
Red Sox remain more incomplete than incredible, their lineup having only shrank since last season
RED SOX NOTEBOOK
Trevor Story among those excited at potential for Nolan Arenado on the Red Sox
BRUINS 4, PANTHERS 3 (OT)
Bruins snap six-game losing streak with 4-3 overtime win in Florida
CELTICS
Though they are still favorites to repeat as NBA champions, the Celtics are struggling. Here’s why
DAN SHAUGHNESSY
The real season — the offseason — is finally here for the Patriots, and other thoughts
FOLLOW US
SUBSCRIBE NOW

Digital Access

Home Delivery

Gift Subscriptions

MY ACCOUNT

Log In

Manage My Account

Customer Service

Delivery Issues

Feedback

CONTACT

Help & FAQs

Staff List

Advertise

MORE

Newsletters

View The EPaper

Order Back Issues

News In Education

Search The Archives

Privacy Policy

Terms Of Service

Terms Of Purchase

Contact

Work At Boston Globe Media

Internship Program

Co-Op Program

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

©2025 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC
$1 FOR 6 MONTHS
You've Been Selected For Our Best Offer
Get the news you need, anytime and anywhere.

Games

Weather

App

Newsletters

Get Access for $1

Pay with PayPal or Credit Card
Cancel anytime.

Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 870 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Privacy Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

ACCEPT ALL
Reject
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bostonglobe.com/2023/09/19/sports/shohei-ohtani-targeting-hit-opening-day-pitch-2025-after-elbow-surgery/ 
 ----- 
