Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Philadelphia Phillies' Kyle Schwarber Nearly Makes History With Moonshot Home Run
The 483-foot home run Kyle Schwarber mashed on Monday was the second-longest of his career and the second-longest in Phillies history.
Sam Connon | Sep 19, 2023
Philadelphia Phillies' Kyle Schwarber Nearly Makes History With Moonshot Home Run /
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies

When Kyle Schwarber hits home runs, he leaves no doubt where the ball is going.

That remained the case in the Philadelphia Phillies' victory over the Atlanta Braves on Monday night.

Philadelphia was already up 5-1 when Schwarber stepped up to the plate with one man on in the top of the sixth. The veteran slugger got a hold of a sinker right down the middle and sent it soaring well over the right field wall for the Phillies' fifth homer of the night.

The ball left Schwarber's bat at 113.9 miles per hour with a 32 degree launch angle. The no-doubter traveled 483 feet, nearly leaving Truist Park entirely.

According to MLB.com's Sarah Langs, it was the second-longest home run by a Phillies player since the Statcast era began in 2015. The longest was a 488-foot bomb by Schwarber in Game 1 of the 2022 NLCS.

In addition to Monday's moonshot being the second-longest homer of Schwarber's career, ESPN Stats & Info reported that it was the third-longest in all of MLB this season.

Schwarber has made plenty of headlines this year with his long home runs, the vast majority of which have come out of the leadoff spot.

Having only missed one of the Phillies' 150 games so far in 2023, Schwarber is batting .197 with 45 home runs, 99 RBI, an .824 OPS and a 0.5 WAR.

Schwarber is now tied for the seventh-most single-season home runs in franchise history, per TSN's StatsCentre. One more home run would tie him for sixth, as he hit 46 with Philadelphia in 2022. Ryan Howard, Mike Schmidt and Jim Thome are the only Phillies who have hit more.

The two-time All-Star is tied for the second-most home runs in baseball since becoming an everyday player with the Chicago Cubs in 2017, in addition to ranking third in strikeouts in that time.

Philadelphia and Atlanta – MLB's two most homer-happy teams this September – continue their divisional series Tuesday night at 7:20 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Check out more Philadelphia Phillies coverage at Sports Illustrated and FanNation's Inside the Phillies.

Published Sep 19, 2023
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/philadelphia-phillies-slugger-kyle-schwarber-nearly-makes-team-personal-history-with-moonshot-home-run 
 ----- 
