Home
Subscriptions
Newsletter Signup
E-Edition
News
Obituaries
Sports
Local Sports
State Sports
National Sports
Opinion
Editorials
Columns
Letters to the Editor
Community
Births
Engagements
Weddings
Anniversaries
Classifieds
Jobs
Local Public Notices
Georgia Public Notices
Services
Contact Us
About Us
 
 Log In Subscribe
Acuña nears becoming 1st 40-60 player, homers twice on bobblehead night as Braves beat Phillies 9-3

Published 10:18 pm Tuesday, September 19, 2023

by Staff reports

ATLANTA (AP) — Ronald Acuña Jr. homered twice on his bobblehead night and stole his 67th base, leaving him one long ball shy of becoming Major League Baseball’s first 40-60 player, and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9-3 on Tuesday night to stop a four-game losing streak.

Spencer Strider (18-5) increased his major league-leading wins total and struck out 11 to increase his big league-high total 270 with his 17th career double-digit strikeout game, his 11th this season.

Email newsletter signup
Sign up for our daily email newsletter

Acuña homered on the first pitch of the game from Cristopher Sánchez (2-5) and had another solo homer off Yunior Marte in the sixth. Acuña has a Braves record 33 leadoff homers, including seven this season — three on the first pitch. Of his 205 hits this season, 51 have come in the first inning.

No player has ever had 40 homers and 60 steals in a season, much less 70 stolen bases. Fans chanted “MVP! MVP!” after Acuña singled off Michael Lorenzen in the fifth and stole second.

NL East champion Atlanta avoided what would have been its first five-game skid since September, 2017. Marcell Ozuna drove in three runs with three hits, including a two-run double in the fifth, as the Braves outhit the Phillies 13-4.

Philadelphia, while second in the NL East, leads the NL wild card race.

Phillies manager Rob Thomson said before the game he was curious to see how Braves hitters adjusted to seeing Sánchez for the second time in a week. Sánchez (2-5) allowed three runs on seven hits and one walk in four innings.

Kevin Pillar hit a two-run single in the fourth for a 3-0 lead. Ozuna hit a two-run double in a four-run fifth.

Bryce Harper hit his 19th homer in a three-run sixth.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Braves RHP Jesse Chavez (shin) was activated from the 60-day injured list while RHP Nick Anderson (right shoulder strain) began a rehab assignment at Triple-A Gwinnett. The news provides hope either or both could be part of the postseason bullpen. Chavez, who had been on the IL since June 14, returned to the Atlanta bullpen following three scoreless outings at Gwinnett. … LHP Max Fried, who was held back to avoid developing a finger blister, is scheduled to start Thursday’s opener of a series at Washington. … LHP Lucas Luetge was designated for assignment. … RHPs Daysbel Hernández (right forearm inflammation) and Collin McHugh (right shoulder inflammation) also began rehab assignments at Gwinnett.

UP NEXT

Braves RHP Bryce Elder (12-4, 3.50) will face RHP Aaron Nola (12-9, 4.62) on Wednesday as the three-game series ends.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

MORE NATIONAL SPORTS
Time running out on Braves’ playoff chances
Hurston Waldrep makes MLB debut
Braves rally for 5-4 win over Phillies on d’Arnaud, Riley homers and game-ending double play
Friday’s high school football scores
Print Article
Sections
Home
News
Community
Obituaries
Sports
Opinion
Services
Contact Us
About Us
Copyright
© 2025, Moultrie Observer
Thanks for being part of our community
Please enjoy three free articles
POWERED BY
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://moultrieobserver.com/2023/09/19/acuna-nears-becoming-1st-40-60-player-homers-twice-on-bobblehead-night-as-braves-beat-phillies-9-3/ 
 ----- 
