Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Detroit Lions
Lions star Gardner-Johnson suffers pectoral injury, could miss remainder of season

It's a huge blow to Detroit's defense

Gardner-Johnson was already a big part of the Lions' defensive identity.X/@BleacherReport
JB
Actualizado 18/09/2023 - 20:02 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Seahawks brutally troll Lions after overtime victory in Detroit
NFL. Rams HC Sean McVay in hot water after blatant 'Vegas phone call' vs. 49ers

The Detroit Lions and their fans got some bad news Monday night, just 24 hours after a crushing overtime defeat to the Seattle Seahawks.

Safety C.J. Gardner-Johnson, who encouraged the use of blue ski masks as a key part of Detroit's visual identity, is believed to have suffered a torn pectoral muscle during the Seattle loss -- and the injury, if confirmed, will rule out Detroit's new signing for the rest of the 2023 season.

Gardner-Johnson's huge impact in a short time

Gardner-Johnson joined the Lions as a free agent after a stellar 2022 season with the Philadelphia Eagles. The safety helped the Eagles make Super Bowl LVII. Gardner-Johnson recorded six interceptions in only 12 regular-season games, along with eight passes defended and a career-high 67 combined tackles.

Detroit Lions unveil Barry Sanders statueWoodward Sports Network / Twitter

Detroit signed Gardner-Johnson to a one-year contract in March, and the team initially feared the 25-year-old suffered a serious leg injury during training camp in July. Fortunately, he avoided ligament damage and started the season on time -- he made 13 combined tackles in two weeks and helped Detroit record a Week 1 upset over the Kansas City Chiefs.

Will Lions recover?

Detroit's defense is expected to struggle without the playmaking Gardner-Johnson at its heart. A key divisional matchup awaits in Week 4 when the Lions visit Lambeau Field, and Packers quarterback Jordan Love could lay down a marker against a weakened pass defense.

MORE in MARCA
Travis Kelce...
Marca
Harry and...
Marca

On Sunday, with Gardner-Johnson slowed by the suspected pec injury, Seahawks quarterback Geno Smith completed 32 of his 41 pass attempts for 328 yards and two touchdowns -- including the winner to Tyler Lockett in overtime.

Gardner-Johnson's absence could open the door for rookie Brian Branch to receive extended reps. Branch, a cornerback by trade, provided one of the season's early highlights with a 54-yard pick-six against Patrick Mahomes in Kansas City.

Detroit Lions - English
NFL - English
Detroit Lions"This s#&% the real thing!" C.J. Gardner-Johnson fires up Detroit fans through a blue ski mask
Seattle SeahawksSeahawks brutally troll Lions after overtime victory in Detroit
Detroit LionsGoff not focused on record for attempts without an INT: I have to keep taking care of the ball
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Taylor Swift make s trade for Travis...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/detroit-lions/2023/09/19/6508ecb0e2704ed85b8b4581.html 
 ----- 
