skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Happy New Year
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketUnited States vs Ireland Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: USA qualify for Super Eight and PAK out of competition
United States vs Ireland Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: USA qualify for Super Eight and PAK out of competition
United States vs Ireland Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Game between United States and Ireland was called off due to rain at the Central Broward Regional Park Stadium Turf Ground in Lauderhill, Florida on Friday.
By: Sports Desk
Updated: June 15, 2024 09:07 IST
Follow Us
USA vs IRE Live Score, T20 World Cup Match Today: Get United States vs Ireland Live Updates at Florida.

United States vs Ireland As it Happened, T20 World Cup 2024 Match Today: The match between United States and Ireland was called off without a ball being bowled due to rain in match 30 at the Central Broward Regional Park Stadium Turf Ground, Lauderhill, Florida on Friday. The officials undertook multiple ground inspections but the outfield was not up to the standards required for play to proceed, which eventually led to the match being abandoned.

With the result, Monank Patel’s USA advanced through to the Super Eight stage of the tournament along with Rohit Sharma’s India. The favourites to qualify from the group, Pakistan, are out of competition after today’s result.

Babar Azam’s men have two points with a game in hand against Ireland however, even if they win they could only get to four points when compared to the USA who have gotten 5 points already.

Follow USA vs IRE updates

ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024 - Match 30
USA
vs
Ireland
Match Abandoned without toss ( Day - Match 30 )
Match Abandoned
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
USA vs Ireland Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Catch all the updates from the USA vs IRE World T20 game from Central Broward Regional Park Stadium Turf Ground in Florida
23:07 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Match called off

Reports from Florida suggest that it has started to rain heavily which means the game has been called off. Congratulations to the USA who now have qualified for the Super Eight round which also means Pakistan is out of the competition along with Ireland and Canada from the group.

23:00 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Nepal joins the T20 cricket jamboree, with team anthems, unrealistic fans, escapist dreams and reasonable skills in tow

The last 16 months have been a journey to remember for a lifetime for Nepal cricket. So much so that in Nepal’s pop culture, their cricket team has become hot property with a couple of leading artists from the Himalayan country, releasing albums for them. To put things in perspective, just like how ‘Rally Round the West Indies’ and ‘Dil, Dil, Pakistan’ would be blaring out of the speakers when the former champions walk on to the field, Nepal will have its own “Hami Nepali” sung by Tanka Timilsina and Anita Chalaune.

At home, the Rhinos (the nickname of the team) are treated like superheroes that their coach Monty Desai has to keep reminding them every day that it isn’t strictly the reality. Growing up in India, Desai has seen masses being totally consumed by cricket in the 80s and 90s. But the scenes in Nepal are a lot different. “It is just unbelievable,” he says. (Read more from Venkata Krishna B)

22:51 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Former India pacer T Kumaran: ‘When I left Chennai in 2011, never thought my love affair with cricket would continue in USA’

When I left Chennai for good in 2011, I never thought my love affair with cricket would continue of all places in the United States of America. Once I quit playing the game professionally in Chennai, I came to Dallas in Texas in 2011 as my wife was already working here.

A friend had asserted to me that Dallas is the best place for cricket in the US but there was not much cricket at all here when I came! Another friend asked me if could coach one of his kids and that’s how Kumaran became Coach Kenny here in US. Slowly the word spread around that a former India player is coaching in the region; most of those who turned up were adults as not many kids were taking up the sport. It was the story until 2013. (Read more)

22:39 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Shaheen and Babar are definitely talking: Azhar Mahmood dismisses rumours of rift between the players

A can of worms were opened after Pakistan’s loss to India on Thursday with former captain Wasim Akram also indicating that things were not well behind the scenes between captain Babar Azam and pacer Shaheen Shah Afridi, with the two apparently not even in talking terms.

Pakistan assistant coach Azhar Mahmood, however, has denied any rift between the two players. (Read more)

22:30 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Saurabh Netravalkar: 'Suryakumar Yadav has been a close friend...he got a chance to play for India later than I expected'

USA’s Saurabh Netravalkar was the key man behind the United States win over Pakistan in the ongoing T20 World Cup 2024. The left-arm seamer not only bowled a composed super over defending just 18 runs but also picked up crucial wickets during the game of Mohammad Rizwan and Iftikhar Ahmed.

Ahead of the United States clash against India The 32-year-old recalled his playing days for Mumbai State side and revealed Suryakumar Yadav and him were close friends. “Suryakumar has been a close friend, actually. I’ve seen him since our under-15 days; we kind of grew up playing for Mumbai together. He was always special, scoring double hundreds and stuff in under-15 and under-17 matches,” Netravalkar said speaking on Star Sports. (Read more)

22:25 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Will Australia yield to temptation vs Scotland to eliminate England? It could cost them dearly

After chasing down the paltry target of 73 runs posted by Namibia inside the first six overs on Wednesday, the Australian cricket team could possibly yield to temptation and take it easy against Scotland in their next group game. The reason? It could make life difficult for the England cricket team, who are currently in a scramble to make the cut for the Super 8 at the ongoing T20 World Cup.

At least that’s what Australia’s Josh Hazlewood has implied in a press conference on Wednesday. However, he stopped short of saying that Australia would actually try to beat Scotland in a slower-than-needed fashion. (Read more)

22:10 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Uganda’s road to debut on the big stage – inspiration from West Indies, and a detailed roadmap

Frank Nsubuga says he and his teammates couldn’t sleep. “When we returned home, it was like we were dreaming with open eyes,” he tells The Indian Express.

The throwback is to November 2023. Such was the occasion for the Uganda cricket team, who had managed to qualify for their first-ever ICC World Cup, pipping the likes of Zimbabwe and Kenya – known power centres in African cricket. On Thursday, Uganda made history when they registered their first win in the World Cup as they beat Papua New Guinea in a low-scoring thriller. (Read more)

22:00 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pakistan’s Dallas debacle: Factions, unpleasant captaincy changes, and the Babar Azam question

The Cricket World Cup is nothing without Pakistan. Whether they win or lose, the Pakistan cricket team adds spice to the tournament.

The Babar Azam-led outfit started their 2024 T20 World Cup campaign with a shock defeat against the USA in a Super Over in Dallas. It puts the former champions in familiar territory. Due to meet India in New York on Sunday, all their remaining group fixtures have now become must-win encounters if Pakistan are to advance to the Super Eights. (Read more from Pratyush Raj)

21:50 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Mom served lunch to cricket clubs, dad was a barman: How Uganda’s certified legend Frank Nsubuga took to cricket

Four overs, two maidens, four runs conceded, and two wickets. Franco Nsubuga was only playing in his first World Cup game when he eked out the most economical bowling figures in T20 World Cup history. This, to inspire a historic first win for Uganda on Thursday. But at the age of 43, the road to a World Cup debut for the second oldest player in the tournament’s history has taken much longer.

Nsubuga may have been new to the World Cups but he’s been a constant name in Ugandan cricket over the past four decades. He made his professional debut in 1996. Or rather, here’s a more revelatory picture of the sport from back then: when Nsubuga went on his first tour, the term T20 was still half-a-decade away from being thrown in the ECB boardrooms. Uganda wasn’t even an ICC-recognized team back then. In the 1999 ODI World Cup qualifiers, Nsubuga had represented East Africa. His is a story that runs parallel with the rise of cricket in Uganda. (Read more from Rahul Pandey)

21:39 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: How Pakistan fell deeply in love with Virat Kohli

Virat Kohli is yet to play a single game in Pakistan. The only time he played there was in 2006 with India’s U-19 side. India stopped its cricketing ties with Pakistan after the 2008 Mumbai attacks and Kohli has featured in just a handful of internationals against them — 16 ODIs and 10 T20Is. Despite that, Virat Kohli has a massive fan following in Pakistan. (Read more from Pratyush Raj)

21:29 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: West Indies cricket chief says T20 World Cup schedule has been made keeping India prime time in mind: ‘Majority of revenues comes from one market’

As matches at the ongoing T20 World Cup — co-hosted by USA and West Indies — take place at different times of the day, the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) CEO Johnny Grave, in an interview with The Indian Express, admitted that given a ‘majority of the revenue from ICC event comes from one market’, the schedule has been made keeping the Indian time zone in mind.

He also spoke about the multifold benefits for West Indies, as well as associate nations, of hosting major ICC events and the guarantees given to Windies players that no international cricket will be played during their major franchise tournament commitments – the IPL and CPL. (Read more from Tanishq Vaddi)

21:21 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: ‘Operated successfully’: India pacer Shardul Thakur undergoes foot surgery in London

Shardul Thakur underwent a successful foot surgery for a recurring injury in London, the Indian pacer updating about the same on his social media on Wednesday.

The 32-year-old shared a post-surgery photo on his instagram page captioned: “Operated successfully”. (Read more)

21:11 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: What does Hardik Pandya the bowler do for India’s chances in the T20 World Cup?

Suddenly, even as he was expressing his anger-tinged disappointment at how Pakistani batsmen imploded on his YouTube channel, Inzamam-ul-Haq turned to his avuncular persona again as he began to talk about Indian bowlers. He made a very pithy statement about Hardik Pandya: “The way he got the wickets. His usage of short balls. He knew where to bowl.” Awareness. Skill. Execution.

It’s Inzy’s Pandya version that India would hope turns up in Super 8s if India are to beat the tougher teams. For a team that’s still hesitant to use their best spinner in Kuldeep Yadav, they would need Pandya, the intelligent seamer to come through time and again. (Read more from Sriram Veera)

20:59 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: How Arshdeep Singh found his swing back and harassed USA

For a brief while, the US team made up of Indian, Pakistan and Caribbean expats, lit up hopes of pulling off the unthinkable. Only a week ago, USA had shocked Pakistan.

On Wednesday, with the Indian diaspora filling the stands at Nassau County Stadium, and torn between their allegiances, the hosts had India in a spot of bother on more than three occasions. The noise levels when Rishabh Pant fell with India still 66 runs away showed how badly they wished their fellow expats to win the tie. But Suryakumar Yadav’s composure — after being handed a life by Saurabh Netravalkar, who works in California as a technical staff in Oracle after failing to nail a spot in Mumbai Ranji team – meant India remained unbeaten. (Read more from Venkata Krishna B)

20:49 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pakistan’s fate at T20 World Cup could lie in hands of weather in Lauderhill, Florida

Pakistan’s chances of qualifying for the Super 8 stage at the ongoing T20 World Cup were always going to be on tricky terrain after they were shocked by the host nation USA in their opening encounter.

Pakistan’s defeat to India in the second game — where they could have easily won after restricting India to 119 runs in the first innings — was also particularly hard to take. But Pakistan managed to stead their sinking ship, bouncing back from two consecutive defeats by beating Canada. (Read more)

20:39 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: New York stadium that hosted India vs Pakistan is getting dismantled in middle of T20 World Cup

The Nassau County stadium which hosted the India vs Pakistan match on June 9 is all set to be demolished after the New York leg of the T20 World Cup ended with India’s win over USA on Wednesday.

The stadium which was built in under 100 days has been the criticized for the nature of its drop in pitches due to its penchant for unpredictability. (Read more)

20:30 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Sherfane Rutherford bats time, then bats New Zealand out of the T20 World Cup in two-over blitz

New Zealand reached 100/6 at the end of 17 overs in their run-chase. West Indies were 112/9 at the end of 18 overs. In an ideal world, New Zealand would have been needing somewhere like 25 to 30 off the last 3 overs, a very doable task. But instead, they needed 50 more runs off the last 18 balls.

The reason? Sherfane Rutherford. (Read more from Vinayakk Mohanrangan)

20:19 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Qualified teams, schedule, match date and venues

The T20 World Cup 2024 is heading towards the Super 8 stage after a series of upsets and nailbiting results in the first-ever 20-team group stage tournament held in the West Indies and the United States.

Four teams – India, Australia, South Africa and West Indies – have ensured qualification to the round-robin Super 8 stage while nine teams remain in the race for three spots across as many groups. On Friday, Afghanistan became the fifth team to secure their berth in the last-eight after beating Papua New Guinea by seven wickets. Afghanistan joined India and Australia in Group 1 of the Super 8s (Read more)

20:13 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Shakib Al Hasan responds to Virender Sehwag’s criticism after Bangladesh win: ‘Nothing to answer to anyone’

Bangladesh veteran Shakib Al Hasan responded to former India batter Virender Sehwag’s comments criticising the all-rounder’s form after shining in a 25-run win over Netherlands on Thursday.

The 37-year-old had underwhelming returns in his side’s previous two Group D encounters, failing to pick up a wicket while scoring eight and three against Sri Lanka and South Africa respectively. However, the southpaw made a crucial turnaround with a 46-ball 64 as Bangladesh made 159 against the Dutch, paving way for a win that has bolstered their Super 8 chances. (Read more)

19:59 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Why isn’t Rohit Sharma hitting as many sixes as Marcus Stoinis, Aaron Jones? Muscle has outmuscled touch & timing this T20 World Cup

The doors of Barbados cricket slammed on Aaron Jones because, as the story goes, he batted too slow and didn’t fit the new-age white-ball hitter mould. Half a decade later, turning up for the USA, he helms the six-hitting charts of the World Cup, with 13 blows over the ropes, in three games. The fellow residents of the top-five six-hitters club are identical to him—none belong to the elite six-hitting league; all are distant from the T20 batting cream, all are mavericks with wildly fluctuating form. But one uniform and often devalued gift unites them all—the ability to generate muscle-bursting power into the shots, and clear the ropes. (Read more from Sandip G)

19:50 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: T20 World Cup’s current strike rate is a lowly 103.68 compared to IPL S.R. of 150.58

Ace commentator Ian Bishop best summed up the batting’ pandemonium in the T20 World Cup.

“People were talking about, ‘make bigger grounds,’ ‘put something on the ball for it to swing.’ Put something in the pitch, and you’ll see a different side of batters. That is my point,” Bishop said during New Zealand’s capitulation against the West Indies on Thursday. (Read more from Lalith Kalidas)

19:39 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Rain threatens to spoil Pakistan’s match, clear skies expected for India vs Canada

In the backdrop of the Florida leg of the T20 World Cup in great danger of being a total washout due to thunderstorms over the last few days, the Indian team landed at Fort Lauderdale for their last Group A match against Canada on Saturday. In a slightly positive development, it wasn’t raining when Rohit Sharma & Co arrived there.

The sun had come out and it was dry, for the moment. Sources in the Indian team management told The Indian Express that, according to local officials, there was a chance of clear skies for the India game. (Read more from Tushar Bhaduri)

19:25 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Florida's weather in the past week

Pictures of flooded roads were seen on social media over the last few days. Fort Lauderdale received up to 9 inches of rain in some areas on Wednesday, in addition to the 3 inches on Tuesday between 2 and 10 inches of rain had been predicted for Thursday. Wet weather is likely to continue in parts of Florida through the weekend.

19:19 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: About stars who turned Pakistan upside down

The Super Over hero, Saurabh Netravalkar, had packed his bags from Mumbai to San Francisco for higher studies. Player of the Match and batting hero Monank Patel (50 off 38 balls) had left Anand in 2016 for New Jersey to start a restaurant after he realised his cricket career was going nowhere. Three-wicket hero Nosthush Kenjige, born in Alabama but raised in Nilgiris and Bengaluru, returned to the US to work as a biological technician. Milind Kumar, who took a blinding catch in the Super Over, had represented a clutch of domestic sides before quitting his job in ONGC and flying to Houston, where he had been playing league cricket. Nitish Kumar, whose last-ball four tied the game, was born in Ontario, Canada, but shifted to the US during a torrid phase during the pandemic. Left-arm spinner Harmeet Singh, whose action was likened to Bishan Singh Bedi, left India as a shattered man after setbacks and rejection, including an alleged match-fixing scandal although the board eventually cleared him. Jasdeep Singh spent most of his life shuttling between New Jersey and Chandigarh, before settling down in the US.

19:15 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: What does US National Weather Service say?

According to the US National Weather Service (NWS), a “flood watch” remains in effect for all of southern Florida through Friday evening. That makes the USA-Ireland game highly improbable, as all remaining matches at the venue are day games, scheduled to start at 10.30 am local time.

“Heavy to excessive rainfall over southern Florida may continue to bring areas of flash and urban flooding, with locally considerable urban flooding possible, at times into this weekend,” the NWS posted on X.

19:10 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Journey from Mumbai to USA cricketer

Netravalkar used to play for Mumbai Ranji team till 2014 when dark thoughts about future hit him. “How much cricket can I play? Till 35, maybe… but there is no guarantee. There is no growth too.” A software engineer who even designed his own cricket app, he decided at age of 22 to take up the scholarship from a US university. The move, he thought, would be the end of his cricket career.

It was a West Indian, Lloyd Jodah, who rekindled the cricket dream in Netravalkar. “I never thought I will play cricket again but after coming to US, I got to know there was cricket in my college. There was a coach named Lloyd Jodah who saw me bowl and asked whether I played decent cricket. Then he recommended me to different clubs here,” Netravalkar said.

19:07 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Weather forecast for Lauderhill, Florida

According to the National Weather Service, all of South Florida is under a Flood Watch through Friday evening.

On Wednesday, Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis also declared a state of emergency for five counties, including Broward, where the city of Lauderhill is based.

19:00 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Weather forecast for Lauderhill, Florida

“A weather system has brought South Florida excessive rain yesterday (Tuesday) and today. It is likely to continue through Friday. The City Of Lauderhill has crews working in areas of concern to help minimize ponding,” a press note on the official website of the city of Lauderhill states.

Lauderhill is right next to Fort Lauderdale in Florida. According to media reports from USA, the southern part of Florida is witnessing rare flash flood emergency.

According to a report on The Associated Press, “Wednesday’s downpours and subsequent flooding blocked roads, floated vehicles and delayed the Florida Panthers on their way to Stanley Cup games in Canada against the Edmonton Oilers… Numerous roads were flooded and impassable for vehicles. On major artery Interstate 95 in Broward County, southbound traffic was being diverted around a flooded section and contractors were on their way to pump the drainage system.”

18:55 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: How Florida rains could affect Pakistan’s chances?

After USA lost to India with 10 balls to spare, net run rates will not come into play to decide the fate of the second placed team in Group A (where India have already assured themselves top spot). Pakistan are ahead of USA on NRR — Pakistan have 0.191 while USA have 0.127). Pakistan can qualify simply by beating Ireland and watching USA lose to them.

But, Team USA can still qualify if they get even a single point. Which means that if their game versus Ireland gets washed out, they will seal qualification. Similarly, if the Pakistan game gets washed out and Pakistan gain just one point, USA will qualify.

18:51 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Remaining games in Florida

India vs Canada: June 15 (Saturday)

Pakistan vs Ireland: June 16 (Sunday)

18:45 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: USA scared India

For a brief while, the US team made up of Indian, Pakistan and Caribbean expats, lit up hopes of pulling off the unthinkable. Only a week ago, they had shocked Pakistan. 

On Wednesday, with the Indian diaspora filling the stands at Nassau County stadium, and torn between their allegiances, the hosts had India in a spot of bother on more than three occasions. The noise levels when Rishabh Pant fell with India still 66 runs away showed how badly they wished their fellow expats to win the tie. But Suryakumar Yadav’s composure -- after being handed a life by Saurabh Netravalkar, who works in California as a technical staff in Oracle after failing to nail a spot in Mumbai Ranji team – meant India remained unbeaten.

18:39 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pakistan's chance

Pakistan’s chances of qualifying for the Super 8 stage at the ongoing T20 World Cup were always going to be on tricky terrain after they were shocked by the host nation USA in their opening encounter.

Pakistan’s defeat to India in the second game — where they could have easily won after restricting India to 119 runs in the first innings — was also particularly hard to take. But Pakistan managed to stead their sinking ship, bouncing back from two consecutive defeats by beating Canada.

However, Pakistan still have a mountain to climb in the coming days. And it will tricky because of the weather conditions in Lauderhill, the Florida city which will host the most crucial games of Group A

18:34 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: SL vs NEP washout

The only game of the tournament that was supposed to be held at Central Broward Regional Park Stadium Turf Ground – between Sri Lanka and Nepal – was abandoned on Tuesday evening without a ball being bowled. That contributed to the islanders’ ouster from Super Eight contention.

18:29 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Winds are problem

The organisers of the Florida leg of the T20 World Cup say that even if the rain isn’t torrential, the biggest problem for cricket in the region are the strong winds that often blow away the covers. For this reason, more covers to protect the ground from the elements are in place. But cricket can be possible only if the rain relents. Adding to the pessimistic outlook is the poor drainage facility at the ground.

18:24 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Can luck go in PAK's favour?

India have won their first three pool games and are already through to the Super Eight, but the games at Fort Lauderhill are crucial for the identification of the second team in the group to go through. The other games scheduled in Florida are Pakistan vs Ireland and USA vs Ireland. Pakistan cannot afford either of those to matches to be abandoned as it would take the co-hosts to the next stage at their expense. Pakistan need to beat Ireland and for the Americans to lose to the Irish to make it. But the prospect of either game – before and after the India match – going ahead is bleak at the moment.

18:20 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Steven Taylor on their prospects of qualifying into the Super 8s.

'It's something that we've all been thinking about after beating Pakistan. It'll be a dream come true to go to the next round. Especially the Super Eight would be the first time it's happened as well. But at the end of the day, it's close. Until the next World Cup event is, we're [going] all out.'

18:15 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Irish all-rounder Mark Adair on their qualification chances

"I think for us our objective is still to qualify for the next round. However [if] we need to do that, I'm sure we'll be pretty clear leading into tomorrow how we need to do that. I think it's a fair point about objective A being winning the match but at the end of the day we're not here to try and scrape by teams, we're here to try and qualify for the next round. If that means that we have to go out there and put in a big performance with bat and ball, then so be it. I think that'll definitely be our mindset."

18:10 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: IRE predicted XI

Paul Stirling (captain), Andrew Balbirnie, Lorcan Tucker (wk), Harry Tector, Curtis Campher, George Dockrell, Benjamin White, Josh Little, Mark Adair, Gareth Delany, Barry McCarthy

18:04 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: USA predicted XI

Monank Patel (captain) (wk), Steven Taylor, Andries Gous, Aaron Jones (vice captain), Corey Anderson, Nitish Kumar, Jasdeep Singh, Harmeet Singh, Shadley Van Schalkwyk, Saurabh Netravalkar, Ali Khan

18:00 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
United States vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Hola!

Hello and welcome to the live blog between the United States and Ireland. Plenty is riding on the game especially given where Pakistan has got themselves. The weather in Florida for the entire week has not looked promising. Hence a wash out is all the USA needs to qualify for. If the game where to happen USA winning will end Pakistan's campaign as well.

In the backdrop of the Florida leg of the T20 World Cup in great danger of being a total washout due to thunderstorms over the last few days, the Indian team landed at Fort Lauderdale for their last Group A match against Canada on Saturday. In a slightly positive development, it wasn’t raining when Rohit Sharma & Co arrived there.

The sun had come out and it was dry, for the moment. Sources in the Indian team management told The Indian Express that, according to local officials, there was a chance of clear skies for the India game. READ MORE

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 14-06-2024 at 18:00 IST
TAGS:
Cricket Live Score
Icc T20 World Cup
Live Score
T20 World Cup
T20 World Cup 2024
World Cup Live Score
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
On Adani Power Contract, Andhra CM Naidu Now Says: ‘Unless There Is Clear Proof, We Cannot Take Action’
From Next Week, Mumbai Schools To Get Lessons On Child Safety Guidelines
Arif Mohammad Khan Takes Oath As Bihar Governor 
‘Catwoman’ Jocelyn Wildenstein, Famous For Extreme Cosmetic Procedures, Dead At 84
Anurag Kashyap Shreds Streaming Platforms And Their Overpaid Executives, Says He’s Waiting For ‘Everybody To Fall’
Australia Makes Confirmation Of Enrollment Mandatory For Onshore Student Visa Applications
Karnataka Man Sentenced To Death For Killing His 3 Children By Throwing Them Into Well
Action In The Clouds: Mark Wahlberg-Starrer Flight Risk Drops Final Trailer
Alibaba Cuts Pricing Of Its Vision-Language AI Model By 85% Amid Fierce Competition In China
Why 20th-Century Social Reformer Narayana Guru Is Caught In A Very Contemporary Row In Kerala
Bigg Boss 18: Avinash Mishra Slammed By Chahatt Pandey’s Mother And Vivian Dsena’s Wife Nouran Aly, Threatened With Legal Action
Delhi CM Atishi Responds To Union Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan: BJP Talking About Farmers Is Like A Sermon From Dawood
IND Vs AUS 5th Test Date, Live Streaming: Playing XI Prediction, Head-To-Head Stats, Pitch Report And Weather Update
Why Sharvaanica, A Nine-Year-Old Chess Prodigy, Is One To Track On The 64 Squares
Mumbai Man Ends Life Due To Harassment By Loan Recovery Agent: Police
Nine Municipal Corporations Formed In Gujarat; Appointed Commissioners Include IAS And GAS Officers
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/united-states-vs-ireland-live-score-t20-world-cup-2024-match-30-today-usa-vs-ire-latest-scorecard-updates-9392351/ 
 ----- 
