Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Feltner's fastball better than ever as he returns from skull fracture
Share
Feltner's fastball better than ever as he returns from skull fracture
September 20th, 2023

Thomas Harding

@harding_at_mlb
Share

0:01

0:39

SAN DIEGO -- Rockies right-hander Ryan Feltner made his usual loping jog to the Petco Park mound on Tuesday night. He didn’t do much in the way of commemorating his return to the Majors some four months after sustaining a skull fracture on a line drive.

“I wanted to take a second before the first pitch,” Feltner said after taking a no-decision in the Rockies’ 2-0 loss to the Padres. “But the pitch clock was speeding up on me.”

So Feltner let his fastball mark the occasion.

• Rockies prospect earns Cal League MVP honor

During a nine-pitch at-bat against Padres leadoff man Xander Bogaerts, Feltner fired fastballs at 98.5 mph and 98.6 mph -- the two fastest pitches of a career that began with a callup in 2021. Feltner forced Bogaerts -- “A tough guy to have as your first at-bat back,” he said -- into a grounder to third base. It was the beginning of Feltner proving not only that he’s back, but possibly better.

The Rockies lost on Bogaerts’ ninth-inning, two-run, two-out homer off Tyler Kinley. But Tuesday will be remembered for the return of Feltner.

For the first two months after he was struck by a ball off the bat of the Phillies’ Nick Castellanos on May 13, Feltner said, he alternated between taking tiny steps toward vestibular health and, well, sleeping: “I was wiped out,” he said. 

It wasn’t until a month ago that he believed he could make it back.

Feltner’s parents, Laura and Derek, made the trip from Ohio, and he talked with them over breakfast. And there always is plenty of quiet clubhouse time for a starting pitcher.

“Just pregame, there was a little bit of reflection here at the locker before I started warming up,” Feltner said. “Even all day, talking to my family and friends and realizing that coming back -- that was the big win of today. To be able to do that [five scoreless] on top of it feels great.”

Wearing a thin, molded protective device in his cap, Feltner was so effective in striking out five and holding the Padres to two hits that manager Bud Black let him pitch through the fifth and throw 86 pitches - - a little beyond the expected limit of 80.

Related
Sullivan ready to make another leap with healthy 2025 campaign

January 11th, 2025

Rockies avoid arbitration with Gomber, Feltner, Lawrence

January 10th, 2025

Rockies, INF Estrada agree to 1-year pact with '26 option

January 9th, 2025

How pitching relates to art for Feltner

October 10th, 2024

Feltner's quest for 'the perfect inning' paying off

September 20th, 2024

Feltner earns 1st win since April, with a huge assist from Doyle in center

September 7th, 2024

Feltner, 27, didn’t let initial adrenaline overtake judgment. During the time down, the always-cerebral Feltner noted that his fastball command wavered before the injury. He moved from the center to the first-base side of the rubber to create a better angle for his two-seam sinking fastball. He used two-seam and four-seam fastballs with off-speed pitches throughout.

“He had a good game plan going in with the pitching coaches and Elias Díaz,” Black said. “Those are some really good hitters at the top of the lineup.”

On the other side, Padres lefty Cy Young Award candidate Blake Snell held the Rockies hitless through seven innings of a then-scoreless game. The Rockies didn’t manage a hit until Brendan Rodgers’ leadoff single off closer Josh Hader in the ninth. Nolan Jones singled with one out, but Hader forced Díaz into a double-play grounder.

Feltner returned to the mound Sept. 1 with High-A Spokane and had three Minor League rehab outings -- one at Spokane and two at Triple-A Albuquerque.

The plan was for another Triple-A start, but pitching injuries -- the story of the Rockies’ season -- quickened the schedule. Since late August, Austin Gomber (back), Peter Lambert (right biceps tendinitis, but more accurately reaching his innings budget) and Kyle Freeland (oblique) have been shut down.

Feltner usually talked to rehab coordinator Scotty Murayama, who gave reports to pitching coach Darryl Scott. But when Feltner saw others going down, he called Scott and pronounced himself ready.

“It’s special when you see guys coming back from injury and know the work that they put in,” Scott said.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Returning for three starts at the end of this season eases Feltner’s mind going into the offseason.

“I didn’t want to just lay down and call it a season,” Feltner said. “I wanted to show that I have stuff in the tank, and I feel good.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Colorado Rockies
Ryan Feltner

Senior Reporter Thomas Harding has covered the Rockies since 2000, and for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/ryan-feltner-returns-with-5-scoreless-innings 
 ----- 
