Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NCAA
News
College Basketball
College Football
NCAA
Travis Hunter says he wanted to keep playing vs. CSU, doctors made him exit game

Hunter had a mature reaction, though it didn't help he was wearing a giraffe onesie

Travis Hunter, Buffaloes two-way playerBleacher Report
LW
Actualizado 18/09/2023 - 19:52 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NCAA. Terrell Owens adds fuel to fire after CSU player endures death threats over Travis Hunter
NCAA. Shilo Sanders makes up for his brother Shedeur's INT with an 80-yard pick 6

Colorado Buffaloes two-way player Travis Hunter claimed he wanted to keep playing versus the Colorado State Rams on Saturday at Folsom Field after taking a vicious hit from defensive back Henry Blackburn, but doctors made him exit the game.

Watch the controversial late hit that injured Travis Hunter
Best view of the controversial late hit that injured Travis HunterParker Johnson

Hunter, 20, spoke of the incident during the latest episode of his "12 Talks" show with Bleacher Report. He had an extremely mature reaction, though it didn't help that the Buffaloes star was wearing a giraffe onesie while reacting.

"It's football at the end of the day," Hunter said. "Stuff like that is going to happen, so I just stay humble. ... It's football. Something bad is going to happen on the field sooner or later. You just gotta get up and fight again. That's what I try to do. Get up and fight.

Listen to Travis Hunter's surprising comments on the late hit that injured him
Travis Hunter surprising comments on the late hit that injured himParker Johnson

"Good thing the doctors spot me 'cus if there was no doctors there I would have still been out there playing, but I'm thankful for everybody that helped me that day."

Hunter will miss about three weeks, while Blackburn, who received death threats after the game, won't even be suspended.

Travis Hunter's injury

The Buffaloes star will miss games against Oregon, USC and Arizona State with a lacerated liver.

He and quarterback Shedeur Sanders have been the two most popular players of the football program.

MORE in MARCA
Next GOAT?...
Marca
Jennifer Garne...
Marca

Deion Sanders, also known as Coach Prime, has led his team to a 3-0 start, including an incredible comeback drive from Shedeur to force overtime on Saturday against CSU.

Even NFL legend Terrell Owens reacted to Hunter's injury, saying Blackburn wanted to hurt him, but only because CSU head coach Jay Norvell gave the order.

NCAAF - English
NCAATerrell Owens adds fuel to fire after CSU player endures death threats over Travis Hunter
NCAADeion Sanders responds to CSU coach's harsh comment: "They done messed around and made it personal"
NCAARising from the College Football ashes: The bittersweet surge of the Pac-12
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Abdul Carter anno unces NFL draft...
Marca
Harry and Meghan Markle, threaten...
Marca
Open your account today!
Interactive Brokers
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/ncaa/2023/09/19/6508e93a268e3e3a1e8b45ad.html 
 ----- 
