Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
Es noticia:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NCAA
News
College Basketball
College Football
NCAA
Terrell Owens adds fuel to fire after CSU player endures death threats over Travis Hunter

Hunter, who was sent to the hospital after a late hit, will be out for about three weeks

Terrell Owens (left) and Travis Hunter getting tackled (right)LAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 18/09/2023 - 18:02 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NCAA. Clippers star Kawhi Leonard makes rare public appearance to support Deion Sanders
NCAA. Shilo Sanders makes up for his brother Shedeur's INT with an 80-yard pick 6

NFL legend Terrell Owens took to X, previously known as Twitter, to accuse Colorado State Rams defensive back Henry Blackburn of intentionally attempting to hurt Colorado Buffaloes two-way player Travis Hunter during Saturday's Rocky Mountain Showdown.

Listen to Travis Hunter's surprising comments on the late hit
Travis Hunter surprising comments on the late hit that injured himParker Johnson

Owens, 49, is adding fuel to the fire amid Blackburn and his family receiving death threats over the hit on Hunter, who was sent to the hospital. CSU athletic director Joe Parker confirmed the menacing situation to Pete Thamel of ESPN.

"We're very concerned about our player's safety, as Henry and his family have continued to receive these threats," Parker said. "Henry never intended to put anyone in harm's way on the football field. It's not what we teach or coach. We hope that the irrational vitriol directed at Henry stops immediately."

Watch the controversial late hit that injured Travis Hunter
Best view of the controversial late hit that injured Travis HunterParker Johnson

Owens, meanwhile, believes Colorado State head coach Jay Norvell wanted his players to injury Hunter and Buffaloes quarterback Shedeur Sanders, the team's two brightest stars.

"There was intent to hurt Travis! Just like number eight [Mohamed Kamara] drove Sheduer into the ground after he had passed the ball with clear intent to hurt him," Owens tweeted. "The coach Jay Norvell encouraged that type of play which is why NOTHING has been said about the nature of play from his players. That's why their a--es lost!"

Travis Hunter out for at least three weeks

Buffaloes head coach Deion Sanders announced Monday that Hunter will be out for at least three weeks, so he'll miss games against Oregon, USC and Arizona State.

Norvell, 60, stated that Blackburn will not be suspended for the hit and also reacted to the death threats.

MORE in MARCA
Jennifer Garner'...
Marca
Jennifer Anisto...
Marca

"Our university is supporting him. The police department is supporting him, because of the seriousness of the threats that have come out of this," Norvell told The Denver Post. "It's just sad. It's sad that that's the state of the world we live in. I mean, it's a football game. Let's not make it more than that. We don't want anybody to get hurt. We don't coach that kind of football."

Hunter, 20, suffered the vicious hit in the third quarter Saturday night at Folsom Field. He was evaluated at a local hospital and promptly released.

NCAAF - English
NFL - English
Deion Sanders - English
Shedeur Sanders - English
Terrell Owens - English
NCAACam Newton rushes to defend Shedeur Sanders and Deion Sanders: Watch your words
NCAADan Lanning delivers a harsh reality check to Deion Sanders: 'Colorado didn't win anything in the Pac-12'
NCAAShedeur Sanders spends $78,000 on Coach Prime gift and 'blushes' at brothers Shilo and Deion Jr.
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
Open your account today!
Interactive Brokers
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/ncaa/2023/09/19/6508cbd5268e3eb33e8b45bb.html 
 ----- 
