Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.
Sport
|
ICC Men's T20 World Cup
India vs Pakistan – T20 World Cup match: Teams, head-to-head, form, pitch

Out-of-form Pakistan face rivals India in a must-win match in front of tens of thousands of fans in New York.

Fans wave India's and Pakistan's national flags during the Asia Cup 2023 match between India and Pakistan at the Pallekele International Cricket Stadium in Kandy [Ishara S Kodikara/AFP]
By Al Jazeera Staff
Published On 9 Jun 2024
9 Jun 2024

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Who: India vs Pakistan
What: ICC T20 World Cup 2024 Group A match
When: Sunday, June 9, 10:30am local time (14:30 GMT)
Where: Nassau County International Cricket Stadium, New York, United States
How: Follow Al Jazeera’s live text and photo coverage

Gary Kirsten had his first taste of the agony associated with being a Pakistan cricket supporter when the new head coach of the men’s side saw the team crumble to a super over loss against USA in their opening match of the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2024.

KEEP READING
list of 4 items
list 1 of 4
All you need to know about India vs Pakistan at the T20 World Cup
list 2 of 4
‘Poor, dangerous, unacceptable’: Cricket fans, experts bash New York pitch
list 3 of 4
India vs Pakistan, ‘nagin dance’, Ashes : A look at cricket’s top rivalries
list 4 of 4
Indians and Pakistanis join hands to realise USA’s T20 World Cup dream
end of list

Pakistan’s defeat against the tournament debutants and co-hosts was amongst the biggest shocks in the game’s history, but Kirsten believes his players have “moved forward” and are now focused on the challenge ahead.

The challenge, incidentally, cannot get any bigger than a must-win World Cup match against historic rivals India.

“There’s no need for me to motivate the team for this game,” Kirsten told reporters on Saturday.

The South African, who was in charge of the Indian team when they won their second ICC Cricket World Cup in 2011, said the atmosphere could be “a little bit different” because the game is not being played in India or Pakistan but expects plenty of support for both teams at the New York venue.

Sign up for Al Jazeera
Americas Coverage Newsletter
US politics, Canada’s multiculturalism, South America’s geopolitical rise—we bring you the stories that matter.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
Advertisement

Kirsten admitted that the pitch will be difficult to bat on, and bowlers from both sides will have an advantage.

“The batters are going to have to play with courage, assess the conditions, assess what a good score could be on this wicket [if we bat first] and then make sure we get a competitive total.”

India’s captain Rohit Sharma agreed with Kirsten’s assessment, and said his team will have to assess the wicket “very quickly” and adjust accordingly.

Rohit’s side has the advantage of having played two games on the pitch, one of which was their tournament opener against Ireland. India completed the tricky chase thanks to Rohit’s half-century, but the captain had to retire hurt after being hit on the arm.

The experienced batter said he will play his innings in “a very balanced way”.

“I don’t want to be too aggressive or too cautious, but someone has to put pressure on the bowlers to try and do something different.  Otherwise, it’s a very easy game [for the bowlers].”

Pitch and weather conditions

The condition of the pitches at the Nassau County Stadium has steadily improved over the past four games, but it still has an element of unpredictability. However, it is still expected to favour seam bowlers and both sides have plenty of those in their lineups.

Following criticism from fans and ex-players, the International Cricket Council (ICC) admitted the pitches were not up to standard and that ground staff were working on remedying them.

The India-Pakistan match is expected to be played on a new surface.

Advertisement

Weather could have a say in the match as there is a forecast for rain in the morning.

Form guide

Both teams enter the match with contrasting forms.

India have won two of their last three T20I series at home and away, and managed to beat Ireland in their opening game.

Pakistan couldn’t have had a worse start to their campaign, which also comes on the back of a 2-0 series loss against England and 2-1 scrape past Ireland.

India: W W W W W
Pakistan: L L L W W

India team news

India are unlikely to tinker with the XI that got them past Ireland in the opening game, but there could be a case for bringing in Kuldeep Yadav in place of Axar Patel given the former’s success against Pakistan’s captain.

Squad: Rohit Sharma (captain), Hardik Pandya, Yashasvi Jaiswal, Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Rishabh Pant, Sanju Samson, Shivam Dube, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Kuldeep Yadav, Yuzvendra Chahal, Arshdeep Singh, Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Siraj

Pakistan team news

Pakistan’s coach Kirsten evaded questions about his side’s playing XI and also stopped short of Wasim’s inclusion in the side despite the all-rounder being declared fit.

Azam Khan’s poor run of form could see him drop out in favour of young opener Saim Ayub, while the vastly experienced Wasim could slot in for Iftikhar Ahmed.

Squad: Babar Azam (captain), Mohammad Rizwan, Saim Ayub, Fakhar Zaman, Usman Khan, Azam Khan, Iftikhar Ahmed, Imad Wasim, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Amir, Shaheen Shah Afridi, Naseem Shah, Abbas Afridi, Haris Rauf, Abrar Ahmed

Advertisement
Key match-ups
Virat Kohli vs Mohammad Amir
Rohit Sharma vs Shaheen Shah Afridi
Babar Azam vs Kuldeep Yadav
Rishabh Pant vs Shadab Khan
Mohammad Rizwan vs Arshdeep Singh
SOURCE: AL JAZEERA
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 873 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2024/6/9/india-vs-pakistan-at-t20-world-cup-team-news-head-to-head-form-pitch 
 ----- 
