HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

WORLD FOOTBALL

Burundi vs Algeria: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 7, 2024 at 10:43 AM
Modified at :
January 13, 2024 at 6:29 PM

Govind

0
0
The Desert Warriors to warm up for 2023 AFCON in a friendly fixture with Burundi

The Burundi national football team missed out on a spot in the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations on the final day of the qualifying games. It was a do-or-die encounter against Cameroon on matchday 6 from Group C of the qualifying rounds. A 3-0 defeat ended their chance to seed in AFCON games to be held from 13 January. Now they will take part in a friendly against 2019 AFCON winners, Algeria.

The Algeria national football team on the other hand finished first in Group F of AFCON qualifiers without even losing a game. In the 2023 AFCON, the Desert Warriors are in Group D along with Angola, Burkina Faso and Mauritania. They will begin their group stage journey on matchday 1 against Angola. Before that event, a friendly is to be played at the Stade de Kégué stadium in Togo.

Kick-Off:

Tuesday, 9 January 2024 at 3:00 PM UK (8:30 PM IST)

Location: Stade de Kégué

Form

Burundi (in all competitions): L-W-L-W-D

Algeria (in all competitions): W-W-W-D-W

Players to Watch
Abedi Bigirimana (Burundi)

The Police Kibungo club midfielder usually plays as a left midfielder or left-attacking midfielder for the Burundi national football team. Previously at the club level, Abedi Bigirimana used to play for Kiyovu Sports in the Rwanda Premier League. In the last game for the country, in the 2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers, Bigirimana scored the late consolation goal in a 2-1 defeat to Gabon.

Ramy Bensebaini (Algeria)

After four years playing for Bundesliga outfit Borussia Mönchengladbach, Ramy Bensebaini decided to make a switch in the 2023 summer transfer window. The 28-year-old defender who plays as a left-back primarily moved on a free to Borussia Dortmund. The sporting director of Dortmund, Sebastian Kehl had mentioned “Ramy’s in his prime,” on signing him. Last game against Togo, Bensebaini netted 2 goals in the friendly affair.

Match Facts
The Swallows have failed to keep a clean sheet in the past 28 straight matches in all competitions
The Desert Warriors are unbeaten in the last 11 games across all competitions
The last time they faced each other was back in June 2019. The game ended 1-1
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury & Team News

For this friendly encounter to be held in the country of Togo at the Stade de Kégué stadium, no reported news of injury from either side.

Head to Head

Total Matches – 1

Burundi wins – 0

Algeria wins – 0

Draws – 1

Predicted Lineup
Burundi predicted lineup (4-2-3-1):

Nahimana (GK); Mukombozi, Nsabiyumva, Nduwarugira, Liongola; Mvuyekure, Ndayishimiye; Kanakimana, Ntibazonkiza, Bigirimana; Abdul Razak

Algeria predicted lineup (4-3-3):

Mandrea (GK); Ait-Nouri, Youcef Atal, Bensebaini, Aissa Mandi; Bennacer, Bentaleb, Feghouli; Mahrez, Ounas, Slimani

Match Prediction for Burundi vs Algeria

After the last meeting in 2019 which was also a friendly affair, both sides will be back at it once again. This time though a 1-1 draw isn’t expected. The Algeria side should be able to win the tie comfortably and get ready to participate in the 2023 AFCON tournament.

Prediction: Burundi 0-3 Algeria

Telecast for Burundi vs Algeria

India – No telecast

UK – No telecast

US –  No telecast

Nigeria – No telecast

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the summer transfer window?
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the summer transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Top 10 goalkeepers with most clean sheets in 2024
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-burundi-vs-algeria-predicted-lineup-injury-news-telecast 
 ----- 
