This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to content
Open sections menu
Open user options menu
Today's Paper
Local News
Prison Project
Sports
Features
Podcasts
Newsletters
Obits
Games
Notices
ADVERTISEMENT
Rays rookie stands out in victory over Padres

September 1, 2024 at 2:17 a.m.

by The Associated Press

Tampa Bay Rays' Jose Caballero watches his two-run single off San Diego Padres starting pitcher Randy Vasquez during the fourth inning of a baseball game Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. -- Touted rookie Junior Caminero hit a three-run home run, Jose Caballero had four RBI and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the San Diego Padres 11-4 on Saturday.

Caminero went deep against Randy Vasquez (4-7) in a four-run second inning to help Tampa Bay take a 5-2 lead. Baseball's top-ranked prospect has 3 home runs and 7 RBI in 17 major league games.

"He's No. 1 for a reason," Caballero said. "He's got so many tools. He's pretty comfortable (in the spotlight). I can tell you he likes that. He's having fun with everything, and that's good for the team."

Jake Cronenworth hit a two-run home run in the first and finished with three hits for the Padres, who hold the second NL wild card. San Diego won the opener of the three-game series 13-5 on Friday night.

Despite the loss, the Padres are 27-12 since the All-Star break.

"I'd say it's a pretty good spot," Manager Mike Shildt said.

Shane Baz (2-2) allowed 2 runs and 2 hits in 5 innings as the Rays won for the third time in nine games. The right-hander missed his previous turn due to the flu and lost 11 pounds while he was ill.

"Just finding the fastball command," Baz said. "Felt like I found it at the end of the first and carried it out there into the second. I think that made a big difference."

After Josh Lowe was intentionally walked to load the bases with two outs in the fourth, Caballero drove in two runs with a single and Ben Rortvedt had an RBI single that made it 8-2.

Caballero also delivered an RBI single in the first and a run-scoring grounder in the eighth.

Brandon Lowe had three hits and scored three times for the Rays.

Vasquez, recalled from Class AAA El Paso on Monday for his fifth stint this year with the Padres, gave up 9 runs, 11 hits and 4 walks over 4 1/3 innings.

"He just couldn't close out innings," Shildt said. "Get that big pitch, that big out in a couple of innings."

METS 5, WHITE SOX 3 Pete Alonso and Jesse Winker hit back-to-back home runs in the first inning and the New York Mets beat the skidding White Sox, handing Chicago its 106th loss to tie a franchise record. The Mets (72-64) won their third in a row and moved within two games of Atlanta for the final NL wild card.

PIRATES 3, GUARDIANS 0 Rowdy Tellez hit a two-run single in the eighth inning, and Pittsburgh beat AL Central leading Cleveland. Luis Ortiz (6-4) pitched six innings of one-hit ball in his first win since July 20. The right-hander struck out five and walked three, helping Pittsburgh stop a four-game slide. Jalen Beeks (Arkansas Razorbacks), Dennis Santana and Aroldis Chapman combined with Ortiz for a two-hitter.

ROCKIES 7, ORIOLES 5 Drew Romo drove in a career-high three runs and Jordan Beck had a go-ahead RBI single in the bottom of the eighth inning to lift Colorado to a victory against Baltimore. Charlie Blackmon added two RBI for the Rockies in the fourth inning with his fourth triple of the season.

NATIONAL LEAGUE

DODGERS 8, DIAMONDBACKS 6 Shohei Ohtani, Mookie Betts and Freddie Freeman started the game with consecutive home runs, the first time that has happened in the Dodgers’ 141-year history, and Tommy Edman hit a two-run single in the ninth inning to give Los Angeles a win over Arizona. Corbin Carroll hit an inside-the-park home run for Arizona. Ohtani hit his 44th of the season — a 420-foot shot to dead center off of Diamondbacks starter Merrill Kelly.

BREWERS 5, REDS 4 Jackson Chourio hit a tiebreaking home run in the ninth inning, and Milwaukee beat Cincinnati for their fifth consecutive win. The 20-year-old Chourio had three hits and scored twice as the Brewers reduced their magic number to 16 for clinching the NL Central title.

CUBS 5, NATIONALS 3 Nico Hoerner had two hits and scored two runs, and the Chicago Cubs beat Washington for their fifth consecutive win. Javier Assad pitched six innings of three-run ball as Chicago won for the eighth time in nine games overall.

PHILLIES 3, BRAVES 0 Zack Wheeler (13-6) pitched seven shutout innings to earn his 100th career victory, Edmundo Sosa homered, doubled and drove in two runs and Philadelphia defeated Atlanta. Trea Turner also went deep for NL East-leading Philadelphia, which increased its lead over the Braves in the division to six games. The Phillies have won six of eight.

MARLINS 4, GIANTS 3 Griffin Conine hit a two-run home run and Connor Norby added a solo shot as Miami earned a win in San Francisco. Tyler Fitzgerald’s RBI single in the sixth inning cut Miami’s lead to 3-2, but the Marlins got the run back in the top of the seventh when Otto Lopez scored on David Hensley’s groundout. Michael Conforto added a home run for San Francisco.

AMERICAN LEAGUE

ASTROS 5, ROYALS 2 Jeremy Pena and Yainer Diaz each drove in two runs in Houston’s 5-run sixth inning and Yusei Kikuchi (6-9) struck out 12 in seven strong innings as the Astros defeated Kansas City. Bobby Witt hit his 29th home run of the season for the Royals.

BLUE JAYS 15, TWINS 0 Toronto hit three two-run home runs, including two in a seven-run first inning, and Jose Berrios tossed six shutout innings as the Blue Jays routed Minnesota. Daulton Varsho and Spencer Horwitz each hit two-run home runs in the first inning off Twins starter Zebby Matthews (1-2), giving the Blue Jays a 4-0 lead just four batters into the game.

RANGERS 3, ATHLETICS 2 Leody Taveras hit a bases-loaded single in the bottom of the ninth inning to score pinch runner Ezequiel Duran to give Texas a victory over Oakland. Jonah Heim homered and drove in two runs for the Rangers.

TIGERS 2, RED SOX 1 Tarik Skubal (16-4) allowed one run in eight innings and struck out eight to become the fourth Detroit left-hander with 200 strikeouts in a season as the Tigers celebrated the franchise’s 1984 World Series championship with a win over Boston.

  
 Tampa Bay Rays' Junior Caminero celebrates his three-run home run off San Diego Padres starting pitcher Randy Vasquez with Christopher Morel (24) during the second inning of a baseball game Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
  
  
 Tampa Bay Rays' Brandon Lowe, right, prepares to score ahead of the throw to San Diego Padres catcher Luis Campusano on a two-run single by Jose Caballero during the fourth inning of a baseball game Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
  
  
 Tampa Bay Rays starting pitcher Shane Baz delivers to the San Diego Padres during the first inning of a baseball game Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
  
  
 Tampa Bay Rays' Junior Caminero, right, celebrates his three-run home run off San Diego Padres starting pitcher Randy Vasquez with third base coach Brady Williams during the second inning of a baseball game Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
  
  
 Tampa Bay Rays' Jonathan Aranda scores in front of San Diego Padres catcher Luis Campusano on an RBI single by Christopher Morel during the fifth inning of a baseball game Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
  
  
 San Diego Padres starting pitcher Randy Vasquez delivers to the Tampa Bay Rays during the first inning of a baseball game Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
  
  
 San Diego Padres shortstop Mason McCoy can't cleanly field an RBI single by Tampa Bay Rays' Jose Caballero during the first inning of a baseball game Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
  
  
 San Diego Padres' Jake Cronenworth celebrates his two-run home run off Tampa Bay Rays starting pitcher Shane Baz with third base coach, infield & base running instructor Tim Leiper (33) during the first inning of a baseball game Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
  
  
 Tampa Bay Rays' Jose Siri celebrates with Junior Caminero (13) after the team defeated the San Diego Padres during a baseball game Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
  

ADVERTISEMENT
Upcoming Events
News
Today's Paper
Subscribe
Email Newsletters
Arkansas News
Politics
State Legislature
Education
LEARNS Guide
Business
Crime
Religion
Health
Pine Bluff Commercial
Nation & World News
Obituaries
Archives
Sports
All Sports
Razorbacks
Recruiting Columns
Wally Hall Columns
UALR
UCA
ASU
UAPB
Outdoors
High School
Golf
Betting
Horse Racing
NASCAR
LR Marathon
Opinion
All Columns
Columnists
Editorials
Rex Nelson
John Brummett
Brenda Looper
Philip Martin
Robert Steinbuch
Mike Masterson
Letters to the Editor
Features
Lifestyle
Religion
Cooking
Plan it Janet
High Profile
Food & Dining
Music
Movies
Televison
Events Calendar
Submit an event
Postcard Past
GAME: Guess the word from clues
Weddings
Media
Photo Galleries
Videos
Arkansas 360
Daily Photos
Podcasts
Puzzles & Games
Southern Fried podcast
Arkies in the Beltway podcast
Devil of Pope County podcast
Chasing Ghosts podcast
Hog Wild podcast
Marketplace
Classifieds
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Legal Notices
Ads/Coupons
Legal Notices Archive
Extras
Subscribe!
Subscriber Help
Donate
Advertise
Contact Us
ADG Staff List
Our Core Values
FAQ
iPad Covers
ADG Store
Promotions
Special Pubs
Best of the Best Event
Wedding Show
Pops on the River
Job Fair
Reader Rewards
All Arkansas Preps
Contact Us
Advertise With Us
Terms of Use
Ethics Policy

Privacy Preferences

Copyright © 2025, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc.

All rights reserved.

This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc.

Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2025, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arkansasonline.com/news/2024/sep/01/rays-rookie-stands-out-in-victory-over-padres/ 
 ----- 
