Skip to content
Sign in / Register
Green settings
Submenu
EN
Translate Submenu
Main Logo
weADAPT
Search for:
Learn
Submenu
Share
Share Submenu
Connect
Submenu
About
About Submenu
By switching to dark mode you can reduce the energy consumption of our digital service.
Applications open: Oxford School of Climate Change
The Oxford Climate Society is pleased to announce that applications for the Oxford School of Climate Change (SoCC) are now open!
1782 Page views
16th Sep 2024
2 min read
3 Likes
Connect 
Forums 
Youth and Intergenerational Climate Justice 
Applications open: Oxford School of Climate Change

The Oxford Climate Society is pleased to announce that applications for the Oxford School of Climate Change (SoCC) are now open!

Course date: 17 October-5 December

Course type: in-person (in Oxford); online version of the course will be available from January.

Deadline: 11 October, at midnight (UK time)

Apply here

We have been organising a renewed curriculum for next term’s Oxford School of Climate change – a ‘climate 101’ course that gives a holistic introduction to several aspects of climate, from the underlying physics of climate change to climate law, economics and governance. Taught by leading Oxford academics and organised by the Oxford Climate Society (OCS), the School of Climate Change is designed to equip participants with a comprehensive education on the fundamentals of climate change over eight weeks!

The weekly course consists of live in-person lectures, Q&A session with lecturers, a panel debate in the sixth week and a workshop on sustainable food systems in the final week. These will be held every THURSDAY evening at 18:00-20:00 UK time, from 17th October to 5th December (Weeks 1-8) in Oxford. Please see poster below for details of the course content. You can find further details on our website here: https://www.oxfordclimatesociety.com/the-oxford-school-of-climate-change.html

We are looking for commitment, motivation and genuine interest – and we’re sure you’ve got that given you’ve made it here! No previous experience or knowledge is required: we welcome applications from all backgrounds and levels of climate knowledge. 

To cover our running costs, we will ask successful applicants for a £15 payment for the course. However, we have ‘no questions asked’ policy for financial hardship, which you can indicate at the end of this form.

If you have any further questions, please contact us at schoolofclimatechange@gmail.com or send us a DM @oxfordclimatesoc. We look forward to receiving your application, and hope to welcome you as a participant in the School of Climate Change soon!


Note: SoCC has previously been offered online to international applicants. This year, the MT2024 course will be offered only in-person in Oxford. A second course later this year (HT2024) will be offered only online, and will be accessible to international applicants. 

Like
Reply
Share

We aim to post all comments and forum posts, but will not post anything that we consider unrelated  to the topic under discussion. Your comment will be reviewed before publishing.

Matilda Noble
I'm a student at the University of Oxford working to increase access to climate education through the Oxford Climate Socie...
3 Followers
Follow
Published: 16th Sep 2024
Add your project

Exchange your climate change adaptation projects and lessons learned with the global community.

Add

weADAPT
Subscribe to newsletter
Get in touch
Contact
Frequently Asked Questions
Services
About weADAPT
Microsites
Information
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Creative Commons
Cookie Notice
Join the weADAPT community
I accept the 
Terms of Use
 and 
Privacy Policy

By subscribing, you will receive the latest adaptation updates, insights, news, articles and events. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of each newsletter or by contacting info@weADAPT.org.

Facebook
X
LinkedIn
weADAPT® is partly funded by core support to SEI from Sida and has been established since 2007.
×
This website uses cookies
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Read more
STRICTLY NECESSARY
PERFORMANCE
TARGETING
FUNCTIONALITY
UNCLASSIFIED
ACCEPT ALL
DECLINE ALL
 SHOW DETAILS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://weadapt.org/forum/applications-open-oxford-school-of-climate-change/ 
 ----- 
