Cricket
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Cricket
Schedule
SL vs NZ
BBL 24
Vijay Hazare
SA20 League
BPL 2024
Womens Ashes 2025
IND vs ENG
PAK vs WI
Cricket News
“Once I stay around that line, I will improve as a cricketer” - When Virat Kohli spoke of MS Dhoni’s advice on on-field aggression
“Once I stay around that line, I will improve as a cricketer” - When Virat Kohli spoke of MS Dhoni’s advice on on-field aggression
By
Ankush Das
Modified Sep 16, 2024 18:36 IST 
Follow Us
Discuss
India v Namibia - ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2021 - Source: Getty

Former Indian skipper Virat Kohli is known for his aggressive demeanor. His never-say-die and give-it-back-to-the-opposition attitude make him stand apart from the rest.

While aggression still remains an important part of his game, Kohli once spoke about working on curbing aggression back in 2012. The Delhi-born cricketer revealed that he was speaking to former Indian cricketer MS Dhoni to control his aggression. Dhoni is well-known for his calm and composed behavior and is famously called 'Captain Cool' by fans.

In an interview with PTI via ESPNCricinfo four years after his international debut, Kohli said:

"I have been speaking to MS [Dhoni] a lot about it [on-field displays of aggression], He is one who doesn't sink or go above that 'calm line'; he is someone who is always around that line."
Trending
"He keeps telling me that once I [learn to] stay around that line, I will improve as a cricketer," he added. "If that graph goes up too much or drops, you end up putting yourself under pressure."

Virat Kohli has grown a lot as a cricketer since then. He is one of the best batters of the modern generation and is slowly cruising towards Sachin Tendulkar's 100 international centuries.

Virat Kohli to be next seen in action against Bangladesh

Virat Kohli will return to action for Team India with the two-match series against Bangladesh, which is a part of the ICC World Test Championship. The series will get underway from September 19 at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai. The second Test will be played at Green Park in Kanpur, starting September 27.

Kohli was part of the Men in Blue squad during the ODI series defeat to Sri Lanka last month. The right-hander had an average outing, aggregating 58 runs in three matches.

He will look to get among the runs against Bangladesh, as India look to strengthen their top position in the ICC World Test Championship points table.

Follow IPL Auction 2025 Live Updates, News & Biddings at Sportskeeda. Get the fastest updates on Mega-Auction and cricket news

Quick Links

Indian Cricket Team MS Dhoni Virat Kohli
Edited by Sudeshna Banerjee
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/cricket/once-i-stay-around-line-i-will-improve-cricketer-when-virat-kohli-spoke-ms-dhoni-s-advice-on-field-aggression 
 ----- 
