Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Jimmy Carter dies
Norovirus outbreak
Kenny Pickett
Halifax plane incident
US tornadoes
SPORTS
Jordan overcomes 10-man Iraq to reach Asian Cup quarterfinals
1 of 16 |  

Iraq’s Aymen Hussein celebrates after scoring his side’s second goal during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan, at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

2 of 16 |  

Iraq’s Aymen Hussein is shown a second yellow card during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan, at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

3 of 16 |  

Iraq’s Aymen Hussein, centre, celebrates after scoring his side’s second goal during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan, at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

4 of 16 |  

Iraq’s Aymen Hussein, centre, celebrates after scoring his side’s second goal during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan, at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

5 of 16 |  

Jordan’s Nizar Alrashdan celebrates after scoring his side’s third goal during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Hussein Sayed)

6 of 16 |  

Jordan’s Mousa Altamari celebrates after scoring his side’s second goal during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Hussein Sayed)

7 of 16 |  

Jordan’s players celebrate after Mousa Altamari scoring his side’s second goal during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Hussein Sayed)

8 of 16 |  

Iraq’s Aymen Hussein, second left, scores his side’s second goal during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan, at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

9 of 16 |  

Iraq’s Mohanad Ali Kadhim is dejected at full time of the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan, at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. Jordan won 3-2. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

10 of 16 |  

Jordan’s Yazan Alarab celebrates after his teammate scores their second goal during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Hussein Sayed)

11 of 16 |  

Iraq’s Aymen Hussein, centre, celebrates after scoring his side’s second goal during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan, at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

12 of 16 |  

Iraq’s Aymen Hussein, right, scores his side’s second goal during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan, at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis)

13 of 16 |  

Qatar’s Akram Afif, left, celebrates after scoring his team’s second goal during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Qatar and Palestine at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi)

14 of 16 |  

Players from Qatar thanks the fans after they beat Palestine 2-1 during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Qatar and Palestine, at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi)

15 of 16 |  

Palestine’s Islam Batran kicks the ball in an attempt to score during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Qatar and Palestine at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi)

16 of 16 |  

Qatar’s Akram Afif, right, dodges Palestine’s Musab Battat during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Qatar and Palestine at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024. (AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi)

Updated 6:49 PM UTC, January 29, 2024
Share

AL-RAYYAN, Qatar (AP) — Aymen Hussein was sent off moments after putting Iraq within sight of the Asian Cup quarterfinals and Jordan fought back to win 3-2 on Monday.

The striker was shown a second yellow card for excessive celebrations after firing Iraq 2-1 ahead at Khalifa International Stadium.

Down to 10 men, Iraq could not withstand Jordan’s fightback and conceded twice in stoppage time to end its hopes of winning the competition for a second time.

Hussein struck in the 76th minute to spark wild celebrations, including him sitting cross-legged on the field and mimicking eating.

Iraq’s joy soon turned to frustration, though, when referee Alireza Faghani yellow-carded Hussein for a second time.

It got worse for the 2007 champion when Yazan Al Arab leveled in the fifth minute of added time from a rebound and Nizar Al Rashdan netted the winner from outside the box two minutes later.

Iraq beat pre-tournament favorite Japan and advanced to the knockout stage as the winner of Group D. And, in Hussein, it had the most prolific striker in the competition with five goals.

While Hussein added to that total, his red card proved pivotal as the last-16 match was turned on its head.

RELATED STORIES
Saudi Arabia's plans to host the men's World Cup will harm the climate, experts warn
FIFA inspection praises Saudi Arabia bid to host 2034 World Cup ahead of Dec. 11 decision
Now Syria's long-ruling Baath party is collapsing, too

Jordan advanced as one of the best third-placed teams and took the lead in the first minute of first-half stoppage time through Yazan Al Naimat.

Suad Natiq equalized for Iraq with a header in the 68th and Hussein fired low from an angle to put his team ahead. His celebrations, however, were sanctioned.

Jordan plays Tajikistan in the qarterfinals.

QATAR ADVANCES

Akram Afif delivered again for Qatar as the host and defending champion reached the quarterfinals by beating Palestine 2-1.

Afif has established himself as one of the stars of the tournament, and if he can keep up this form he may yet achieve his ambition of joining a European club.

The forward struck from the penalty spot in the 49th — his fourth goal of the Asian Cup — as Qatar came back at Al Bayt Stadium.

Oday Dabbagh put Palestine ahead before halftime from a run into the box and clinical finish.

It was the first time Palestine made the knockout stage, but its journey came to an end after goals from Hassan Al Haydos and Afif.

Al Haydos levelled in the sixth minute of first-half stoppage time when converting from Afif’s corner via a deflection.

Qatar’s winner came after Almoez Ali was fouled by Mohammed Saleh in the box and Afif stepped up to the spot.

Qatar will play either Uzbekistan or Thailand in the quarterfinals.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
At a branch, your Series 7 can grow your career.
Fidelity Investments
:
Advertisement
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
North Korea's Kim vows the toughest anti-US policy before Trump takes office
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon...
A trailblazing former “Sports Illustrated” model who pushed back against age disc...
AP News
Russian man arrested for alleged ly running LGBTQ+ travel agen...
A Russian man arrested for allegedly running a travel agency for gay customer...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Distri ct Of Columbia (Che...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Sleep Made Simple: LifeMD [Learn More]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Empty Cruises Departi ng From District Of Columbia That Senio...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Research Accounts Payable Automation Software AP
Yahoo Search
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Search for Accounts Payable Autom ation Software AP
Learn How You Can Get a Clear Audit and Reduce Costs by 80%! Get Top End-to-E...
Yahoo Search
Advertisement:
Search Now
Cinnamon: The greatest enemy of blood sugar (see how to use it)
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Arthrozene
Advertisement:
Learn More
Americans can once again order 4 free at-h ome tests
Test Kits
Advertisement:
15 hurt when passenger train stri kes fire truck that drove into...
Three firefighters and a dozen passengers have been injured in Florida after a fire...
AP News
Linda Lavin, Tony-winning Broad way actress who starred in the...
Linda Lavin, a Tony Award-winning stage actress who became a working class icon...
AP News
How to Qualify for the Medicare Grocery Benefit (Take a Look)
Grocery Benefit Allowance
Advertisement:
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nightti me Driving As Dayti...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
Oklahoma AG dismisses assault charge against officer who sla...
Oklahoma's Republican attorney general is dismissing a felony assault charge agains...
AP News
How American presidents have planned their own funerals
Jimmy Carter’s funeral will feature an inte rstate choreography of grief, ceremony...
AP News
I Gave My Wife an Eter nal Rose
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Walk-in Bathtubs May Be the Newest Trend in Modern Bathrooms (Take a Look)
Newest Walk-In Tub:Advertisement
Maximize your Series 7—give it more room to grow.
Fidelity Investments:Advertisement
Apply Now
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sample
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/asian-cup-scores-iraq-jordan-3382ff0a2e64862365910203d2c0993d 
 ----- 
