Japanese
SUBSCRIBE
Home Page
Latest News
Politics
.
Society
.
Business
.
World
.
News Services
.
Editorial & Columns
.
Sports
.
Science & Nature
.
Culture
.
JN Specialties
.
Features
.
LOGIN
SUBSCRIBE
Home>Sports>Soccer
Soccer
Jordan Overcomes 10-man Iraq to Reach Asian Cup Quarterfinals
Post
Share
Post
AP Photo/Hussein Sayed
Jordan’s players celebrate after Mousa Altamari scoring his side’s second goal during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024.

AP

10:40 JST, January 30, 2024

AL-RAYYAN, Qatar (AP) — Aymen Hussein was sent off moments after putting Iraq within sight of the Asian Cup quarterfinals and Jordan fought back to win 3-2 on Monday.

The striker was shown a second yellow card for excessive celebrations after firing Iraq 2-1 ahead at Khalifa International Stadium.

Down to 10 men, Iraq could not withstand Jordan’s fightback and conceded twice in stoppage time to end its hopes of winning the competition for a second time.

Hussein struck in the 76th minute to spark wild celebrations, including him sitting cross-legged on the field and mimicking eating.

Iraq’s joy soon turned to frustration, though, when referee Alireza Faghani yellow-carded Hussein for a second time.

It got worse for the 2007 champion when Yazan Al Arab leveled in the fifth minute of added time from a rebound and Nizar Al Rashdan netted the winner from outside the box two minutes later.

Iraq beat pre-tournament favorite Japan and advanced to the knockout stage as the winner of Group D. And, in Hussein, it had the most prolific striker in the competition with five goals.

While Hussein added to that total, his red card proved pivotal as the last-16 match was turned on its head.

Jordan advanced as one of the best third-placed teams and took the lead in the first minute of first-half stoppage time through Yazan Al Naimat.

Suad Natiq equalized for Iraq with a header in the 68th and Hussein fired low from an angle to put his team ahead. His celebrations, however, were sanctioned.

Jordan plays Tajikistan in the qarterfinals.

AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis
Iraq’s Aymen Hussein is shown a second yellow card during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Iraq and Jordan, at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024.
QATAR ADVANCES

Akram Afif delivered again for Qatar as the host and defending champion reached the quarterfinals by beating Palestine 2-1.

Afif has established himself as one of the stars of the tournament, and if he can keep up this form he may yet achieve his ambition of joining a European club.

The forward struck from the penalty spot in the 49th — his fourth goal of the Asian Cup — as Qatar came back at Al Bayt Stadium.

Oday Dabbagh put Palestine ahead before halftime from a run into the box and clinical finish.

It was the first time Palestine made the knockout stage, but its journey came to an end after goals from Hassan Al Haydos and Afif.

Al Haydos levelled in the sixth minute of first-half stoppage time when converting from Afif’s corner via a deflection.

Qatar’s winner came after Almoez Ali was fouled by Mohammed Saleh in the box and Afif stepped up to the spot.

Qatar will play either Uzbekistan or Thailand in the quarterfinals.

AP Photo/Aijaz Rahi
Players from Qatar thanks the fans after they beat Palestine 2-1 during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Qatar and Palestine, at Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, Qatar, Monday, Jan. 29, 2024.
Add TheJapanNews to your Google News feed.
Soccer Latest Articles
Netflix Signs US Broadcast Deal With FIFA for the Women's World C...
Iniesta Bids Farewell to Glittering Career in Front of 45,000 in ...
Saudi Arabia Will Host the 2034 World Cup. but When Exactly?
Vissel Kobe striker Yoshinori Muto Named J.League’s Top Player
Latest Articles
Significant Milestones in Life and Career of Jimmy Carter
Tokyo’s Meiji Kinenkan Holds Wedding Receptions in Hall Once Used...
Japan's Nikkei Stock Sees Highest Year-End Close Ever; Index Logs...
Japan-China Foreign Ministers’ Meeting: Beijing Should Take Speci...
Popular Articles
Prehistoric Stone Tool Cut Out of Coral Reef and Taken Away in Ky...
Mitsubishi Motors Seen As Key to S.E. Asia in Honda, Nissan Talks...
Osamu Suzuki Demonstrates Outstanding Business Skills, Developing...
Listing of Kioxia: Strengthen semiconductor production base
Depopulation in Japan Attributed to Decrease in Hidden Christians...
Japan’s GDP Per Capita Ranks 22nd Among OECD Members in 2023; Jap...
Japan Airlines Suffers Cyberattack, Causing Flight Delays; System...
Chinese Man Detained for June Knife Attack against Japanese Indic...
"Sports" POPULAR ARTICLE
Orioles Sign Veteran RHP Tomoyuki Sugano to a 1-Year Contract after His MVP Season in Japan
Olympic Champ Kitaguchi Wins Top Prize at Japan Sports Awards
Los Angeles Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani Watches from a Private Viewing Section; Rui Hachimura Scores 23 Points, Lakers Roll past Trail Blazers 107-98 to End 3-game Skid
Japan’s Paralympic Wheelchair Rugby Team Wins Japan Para-Sports Award; Award Presented to Athletes That Achieve Outstanding Results
Sumo Wrestlers Bring 1,500 Years of Tradition to London as the Sport Has An International Moment

JN ACCESS RANKING

China’s New Energy Vehicles Dominating Domestic Market; Japanese, European Automakers Losing Ground
Prehistoric Stone Tool Cut Out of Coral Reef and Taken Away in Kyushu island; Artifact was Believed to Have Been Dropped in Sea During Prehistoric Jomon Period
Record 320 School Staff Punished for Sex Offenses in Japan
Miho Nakayama, Japanese Actress and Singer, Found Dead at Her Tokyo Residence; She was 54 (UPDATE 1)
Immerse Yourself in Snoopy’s World Ahead of Comic Strip’s 75th Anniversary Next Year; Renovated, Refreshed Museum Features Original, Reproduced Comic Strips, Vintage Merchandise

The Japan News / Weekly Edition

Our weekly ePaper presents the most noteworthy recent topics in an exciting, readable fomat.

Read more

eng

jp

 Subscription of Newspaper
Politics
Society
Business
World
News Services
Editorial & Columns
Sports
Science & Nature
Culture
JN Specialties
Features
Video
About us
Membership Terms & Conditions
Website Policies
FAQ
Advertise

© 2024 The Japan News - by The Yomiuri Shimbun
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://japannews.yomiuri.co.jp/sports/soccer/20240130-165538/ 
 ----- 
