Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Seattle Mariners Star Does Something No Other Player on Team Has Done in 2024
It's good to see Julio Rodriguez back in form here down the stretch in 2024.
Brady Farkas | Sep 8, 2024
Seattle Mariners center fielder Julio Rodriguez (44) safely steals second base ahead of the tag from St. Louis Cardinals second baseman Brendan Donovan (33) in the first inning at Busch Stadium on Sept 6. / Joe Puetz-Imagn Images
In this story:
Seattle Mariners

The Seattle Mariners lost 2-0 to the St. Louis Cardinals on Saturday night but it was another solid day for superstar Julio Rodriguez. In addition to his trademark defense in center field, Rodriguez went 1-for-5 at the plate, extending his hitting streak to 10 games.

According to @MarinersPR, that is the longest hitting streak by an M's player this year:

JULIO EXTENDS HITTING STREAK TO 10 GAMES...center fielder Julio Rodríguez has hit safely in 10 consecutive games (8/28-c), the longest hitting streak by a Mariners player this season...during his streak, Julio is batting .366 (15x41) with 10 runs, 3 homers, 9 RBI and 6 walks with a 1.048 OPS...his career-high hitting streak is 15 games (Aug. 13-Sept. 2, 2023)...over his last 37 games (7/4-c), Julio is batting .304 (41x135) with 21 runs, 7 doubles, 7 homers, 20 RBI and 13 walks with an .890 OPS.

It's nice to see Rodriguez get hot in a season that has been a huge struggle for him, but it also speaks to the state of the M's offense that 10 games is the longest hit streak from any player on the roster this year.

Rodriguez is now hitting .261 this season with 14 homers and 49 RBI. He's stolen 21 bases. An All-Star and Silver Slugger in each of the two previous seasons, Rodriguez will need to work this offseason on how to start fast and how to come up with a more consistent approach.

He does seem to have made some solid adjustments under interim hitting coach Edgar Martinez.

The Mariners will take on the Cardinals on Sunday morning at 11:15 a.m. PT.

RELATED SEATTLE MARINERS CONTENT:

NEW PODCAST IS OUT: The latest episode of the "Refuse to Lose" podcast is out as Brady Farkas releases this episode a day early. He spoke about why the M's should let Jerry Dipoto go, only to have the M's bring him back right after the episode was recorded. Despite that, you should still listen as we got great perspective on what the M's are going through from Adnan Virk of the MLB Network and Tom Caron of NESN. Also, Brady discusses what kind of spending ownership should engage in moving forward. CLICK HERE:

M's to BRING BACK DIPOTO: The Mariners have made a big decision about their future. CLICK HERE:

CONGRATS, GENO!: Congratulations are in order for former Mariners third baseman Geno Suarez, who hit a historic home run earlier this week for the Diamondbacks. CLICK HERE:

Follow Inside the Mariners on social media

Continue to follow our Inside the Mariners coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following Teren Kowatsch and Brady Farkas on "X" @Teren_Kowatsch and @wdevradiobrady. You can subscribe to the "Refuse to Lose" podcast by clicking HERE:

Published Sep 8, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/mariners/news/seattle-mariners-star-julio-rodriguez-does-something-no-other-player-on-team-has-done-in-2024-by-having-hitting-streak-of-10-games 
 ----- 
