Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NHL
NCAAM
NCAAW
UFC
Men's NCAA soccer
Women's NCAA soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
F1
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
UEFA Women's Champions League
Summary
Statistics
RMA
CHE
5:45 PM
Summary
Statistics
TWE
CEL
5:45 PM
Summary
Statistics
LYON
WOB
8:00 PM
Summary
Statistics
ROMA
GAL
8:00 PM
VIEW ALL
Coppa Italia
Summary
Statistics
JUV
CAG
8:00 PM
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2026 World Cup Qualifying - CONMEBOL
BRA
5-1-4, 16 PTS
4
FT
PER
1-3-6, 6 PTS
0
Raphinha - 38' Pen, 54' PenAndreas Pereira - 71'Luiz Henrique - 74'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
More
Raphinha brace powers Brazil to 4-0 rout over Peru
ByReuters
Updated: Oct 16, 2024, 03:50 am

Raphinha converted a penalty in each half to guide an improved Brazil to a 4-0 home win over Peru in South American World Cup qualifiers on Tuesday.

Building on last week's 2-1 comeback win in Chile, Brazil looked livelier from the start and dominated possession, with late goals from Andreas Pereira and Luiz Henrique putting the gloss on an impressive performance.

Brazil, who had lost four of five qualifiers before their win in Chile on Thursday, are fourth in the standings on 16 points after 10 games, trailing third-placed Uruguay on goal difference.

"I think we needed this, it was really important winning both games to get back on track," Raphinha told Brazilian television Globo.

"They were two games that we managed to control. It's a long way from perfect, but I believe we're on the right track."

After hitting the crossbar in the 24th minute, Raphinha gave the home side the lead from the penalty spot in the 38th minute after Peru defender Carlos Zambrano was penalised for handball.

The Barcelona forward extended Brazil's lead from the spot in the 54th minute after Zambrano had fouled Savinho in the box.

Brazil players celebrate after scoring a goal against Peru in World Cup qualifying.
Getty Images

Substitute Pereira scored Brazil's third with an acrobatic volley in the 72nd minute, brilliantly finishing a cross from Luiz Henrique, who wrapped up the win two minutes later with a low strike from the edge of the box.

Argentina hammered Bolivia 6-0 and top the standings on 22 points, three points ahead of Colombia, who thrashed last-placed Chile 4-0.

Davinson Sanchez opened the scoring for Colombia with a deflected header in the 34th minute and Luis Diaz doubled their lead early in the second half with an easy finish into an empty net after a bad mistake by the visiting side's defence.

Jhon Duran and Luis Sinisterra wrapped up the win as Chile suffered a fifth consecutive defeat in qualifying.

Paraguay beat Venezuela 2-1 and are sixth on 13 points, level with fifth-placed Ecuador and one ahead of Bolivia in seventh. The top six sides are guaranteed a berth at the 2026 finals in North America.

Game Information
Arena BRB Mané Garrincha
12:45 AM, October 16, 2024
Brasília, Brazil
Line: BRA -1.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 60,139
Referees:
Esteban Ostojich
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/684624 
 ----- 
