SPORTS

Home » Sports » World Cup Qualifier PIX: Brazil edge past Chile; Argentina held

World Cup Qualifier PIX: Brazil edge past Chile; Argentina held
October 11, 2024 10:15 IST

Henrique's late strike rescues Brazil



IMAGE: Igor Jesus celebrates scoring Brazil's first goal against Chile in the FIFA World Cup South American Qualifiers at Estadio Nacional, Santiago, Chile, on Thursday. Photograph: Ivan Alvarado/Reuters

Lacklustre Brazil pulled off a last-gasp 2-1 away victory over Chile in the South American World Cup qualifiers on Thursday, thanks to a goal by substitute Luiz Henrique in the 89th minute.

Off the back of a disappointing loss to Paraguay and losing four of their last five qualifiers with a series of poor performances, Brazil had to recover from a goal down as Eduardo Vargas put the locals in front with a fine header from a Felipe Loyola cross in the second minute.

Chile wasted chances to extend their lead, but Brazil managed to find the equaliser in added time before the break, when Savinho made a good run down the right and crossed to Igor Jesus who nodded a towering header past the goalkeeper, scoring on his first call-up for the national team.

Brazil controlled the second half and found a duly deserved winner late with a fine effort by Jesus' teammate at Brazilian league leaders and Copa Libertadores semi-finalists Botafogo Luiz Henrique, who slotted a curling strike from the edge of the box to rescue the five-time World Cup champions three much needed points.

The victory lifted Brazil to fourth in the standings with 13 points, two behind Uruguay and eight from leaders Argentina. Chile are second from bottom on five points.

Earlier on Thursday, leaders Argentina were held to a 1-1 draw against Venezuela in Lionel Messi's return to international duty from an injury.

IMAGE: Chile's Eduardo Vargas scores their first goal past Brazil goalkeeper Ederson. Photograph: Ivan Alvarado/Reuters

The Argentine captain brilliantly assisted Nicolas Otamendi on a drenched pitch to open the scoring 13 minutes after kick-off, but a relentless Venezuela fought back to equalise with a Salomon Rondon's header in the second half.

In-form Bolivia grabbed a gritty 1-0 win, their third successive victory, handing second-placed Colombia their first loss in the qualifiers.

Trying to end a 13-game winless run against their opponents, Bolivia started well but had to play most of the game with 10 men as Hector Cuellar was sent off with a straight red card for bringing striker Roger Martinez down as the last man in the 20th minute.

However, the fierce locals managed to find the winner in a stunning strike by Miguel Terceros, who dominated near the right touchline, cutting inside to beat two Colombian defenders before unleashing a fine left-footed strike that flew into the top-left corner in the 58th minute.

Argentina are on top of the standings on 19 points, three ahead of Colombia and four from third-place Uruguay, who have a game in hand and will face last-placed Peru on Friday.

Brazil climbed to fourth, leapfrogging Ecuador, who are in fifth place on 12 points following a goalless draw against Paraguay.

Bolivia are behind Ecuador on goal difference in sixth, followed by Venezuela with a point behind in seventh. Only the top six are guaranteed a berth at the 2026 finals.

Messi returns but Argentina held to a draw



IMAGE: A dejected Lionel Messi after the match against Venezuela. Photograph: Leonardo Fernandez Viloria/Reuters

Argentina were held to a 1-1 draw against Venezuela on Thursday in Lionel Messi's return to international duty in the South America's World Cup qualifiers.

Captain Messi, 37, fully recovered from an injury sustained in the Copa America final against Colombia in July, was brilliant in setting up Otamendi on a drenched pitch to open the scoring 13 minutes after kick-off, which was delayed by half an hour due to heavy rain.

Argentina goalkeeper Geronimo Rulli, filling in for Emiliano 'Dibu' Martinez, who is serving a two-match ban for offensive behaviour, produced a fine performance to keep out Salomon Rondon's first-half efforts.

However, the determined Venezuelan striker equalised in the second half with an exceptional header from a Yeferson Soteldo's cross to temporarily move his team to sixth in the standings with 11 points.

IMAGE: Argentina's Lionel Messi and Rodrigo De Paul celebrate after Nicolas Otamendi scored the first goal against Venezuela. Photograph: Leonardo Fernandez Viloria/Reuters

Argentina sought a winner after boss Lionel Scaloni introduced Leandro Paredes and Lautaro Martinez five minutes from time, but the soggy pitch only increased the World Cup winners' shortcomings.

More like this
	PIX: Greece stun England; France thrash Israel

"It was an ugly match. We couldn't even make two passes in a row, the ball stopped because of the water on the pitch. It is difficult to play in these conditions, the pitch did not help," Messi told TyC Sports after the game.

"The best conditions for us to play is that there is a good pitch, good weather, that the ball runs. We don't ask for much, do we?" added defender Rodrigo De Paul.

Argentina remain top of the standings with 19 points and will face Bolivia on Tuesday, while Venezuela visit Paraguay.

Get Rediff News in your Inbox.

Enter Your email ID: 
email
Source: 
© Copyright 2024 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.

	

Tags: Lionel Messi, Brazil, Argentina, Bolivia, IMAGE
Recommended by Rediff.com
'You made me love tennis'
'Inspiration To The Entire Nation'
Ratan Tata: A lifelong champion of Indian sports
Greece footballer Baldock found dead in swimming pool

NEXT ARTICLE

© 2024 Rediff.com - Feedback - About us - Advertise with us
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.rediff.com/sports/report/fifa-world-cup-qualifier-pix-brazil-edge-past-chile-argentina-held/20241011.htm 
 ----- 
