Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Are the Houston Rockets A Legitimate Title Contender in the NBA?
The Houston Rockets are becoming a legitimate force in the NBA after last night's win over the Memphis Grizzlies.
Jed Katz | Jan 10, 2025
Jan 9, 2025; Memphis, Tennessee, USA; Houston Rockets guard Fred VanVleet (5) dribbles as Memphis Grizzlies guard Luke Kennard (10) defends during the fourth quarter at FedExForum. Mandatory Credit: Petre Thomas-Imagn Images / Petre Thomas-Imagn Images
In this story:
Houston Rockets

In a major road win, the Houston Rockets defeated the Memphis Grizzlies last night, 119-115. In another excellent offensive output from the Rockets, they held on to beat one of the best teams in the league, and now sit at 25-12.

Houston and Memphis are in a tight race for the No. 2 seed in the Western Conference, as the Grizzlies are 24-14. This win gives the Rockets a little bit of breathing room as we near the halfway point of the regular season. While gaining separation is important, the win also proved that Houston could be a legitimate title contender in the NBA with an impressive resume thus far.

The biggest strength for the Rockets is their defense. Ranking third in defensive rating (107.0), Houston applies suffocating pressure both inside and out of the paint. Wing defenders Dillon Brooks, Amen Thompson, Tari Eason, and others are known to be pests while giving solid output on the other side of the ball.

On offense, Houston is starting to improve. After starting the season toward the middle of the pack in terms of offensive rating, the Rockets are now 11th in that category, led by Jalen Green, Alperen Sengun, and Fred VanVleet. Thompson, who is stepping in for the injured Jabari Smith Jr., is elite as a starter, averaging 17.0 points when given the opportunity.

While the Oklahoma City Thunder are the clear No. 1 team in the West, Houston is not far behind. The Rockets lead the season series over the Grizzlies 2-0 while being down to the Thunder in the season series by just one game (2-1). Houston is starting to build a resume good enough to legitimize title contention.

Want to join the discussion? Like Rockets on SI Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Rockets news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Jan 10, 2025
JED KATZ

Jed is a student at the University of Wisconsin-Madison majoring in journalism. He also contributes at several other basketball outlets, including has his own basketball blog and podcast — The Sixth Man Report.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/rockets/news/houston-rockets-a-legitimate-title-contenders-nba 
 ----- 
