Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 958 partners
It's News:
Taylor Swift Travis Kelce
Patrick Mahomes Andy Reid
Eagles vs Cowboys 
Rico Dowdle CeeDee Lamb
Time BYU vs Colorado
Travis Hunter
Shedeur Sanders
Alamo Bowl Prize Money 
Angel Reese 
Tyson Fury
Shohei Ohtani wife pregnant 
Travis Hunter Net Worth
Dayle Haddon cause of death
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA Benefits Payment Schedule
CT Student Loan Repayment 2025
SNAP Florida Payment Benefits 
SSDI Payments January 2025
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
Copa America
News
Schedule
Teams
Scores
Groups
Bracket
Calculator
More
Copa America
Colombia - Costa Rica: Game time and where to watch the 2024 Copa America match

In this match, Colombia and Costa Rica go head to head. Do you want to know where to watch the match? We've got the information you need.

CALÍOPE GARCÍA
28/06/2024 - 13:38 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Copa America. Copa América 2024 group table updated
 Copa America. Copa America 2024 top scorer table updated

Colombia and Costa Rica face off this June 28, 2024 at the State Farm Stadium in the Group D match of the CONMEBOL Copa America 2024.

On what TV channel can I watch the 2024 CONMEBOL Copa America match between Colombia and Costa Rica from the United States?

The Copa America 2024 match between Colombia and Costa Rica will be played on June 28, 2024 at the State Farm Stadium at 5:00 (CDT) and will be broadcast live on TV on TUDN.

If you prefer, you can also watch the match on a number of legal streaming platforms such as Fubo, Vidgo, Sling TV, Peacock TV and YouTube TV.

What time does the 2024 CONMEBOL Copa America match between Colombia and Costa Rica start?

As always, the start time of the game will depend on where you are located. To simplify things for you, below are the most common kick-off times:

Central Standard Time (CDT): 5:00
East Coast Time (ET): 6:00
Pacific Time (PT): 1:00

Want to follow along live but can't watch it? Don't worry, the match can also be followed live with commentary in English on MARCA in English, from two hours before the match, follow the preview and the latest updates from the game.

MORE in MARCA
Harry and...
Marca
Patrick Maho...
Marca

In addition, at the end of the match you will be able to read the full report and the post-match comments from the best players.

What is Colombia's squad for the CONMEBOL Copa America 2024?

For the Copa America 2038Colombia, and coach Néstor Lorenzo, called up the following players:

Goalkeepers: Álvaro Montero (Millonarios), David Ospina (Al-Nassr) and Camilo Vargas (Atlas).
Defensas: Carlos Cuesta (Genk), Daniel Muñoz (Crystal Palace), Davinson Sánchez (Galatasaray), Deiver Machado (Lens), Jhon Lucumí (Bologna), Johan Mojica (Osasuna), Santiago Arias (Bahia) and Yerry Mina (Cagliari).
Mediocampistas: James Rodríguez (San Pablo), Jefferson Lerma (Crystal Palace), Jhon Arias (Fluminense), Jorge Carrascal (Dynamo Moscú), Juan Fernando Quintero (Racing), Matheus Uribe (Al-Sadd), Richard Ríos (Palmeiras) and Yaser Asprilla (Watford).
Delanteros: Jhon Córdoba (Krasnodar), Kevis Castaño (Krasnodar), Jhon Jader Durán (Aston Villa), Luis Díaz (Liverpool), Luis Sinisterra (Bournemouth), Miguel Borja (River) and Rafael Santos Borré (Inter).
What is Costa Ricas squad for the 2024 Copa America?

For the 2024 Copa AmericaCosta Rica, and coach Gustavo Alfaro called up the following players:

Goalkeepers: Kevin Chamorro (Saprissa), Patrick Sequeira (Ibiza) and Aaron Cruz (Herediano).
Defenders: Fernán Faerrón (Herediano), Julio Cascante (Austin FC), Gerald Taylor (Saprissa), Francisco Calvo (Juárez), Juan Pablo Vargas (Millonarios), Joseph Mora (Saprissa), Haxzel Quirós (Herediano), Jeyland Mitchell (Alajuelense), Yeison Molina (Guanacasteca) and Douglas Sequeira (Saprissa).
Midfieldiers: Brandon Aguilera (Nottingham Forest), Orlando Galo (Herediano), Jefferson Brenes (Saprissa), Josimar Alcócer (Westerloo), Ariel Lassiter (Montreal) and Alejandro Bran (Minnesota United).
Forwards

: Manfred Ugalde (Spartak Moscú), Joel Campbell (Alajuelense), Anthony Contreras (Pafos FC), Kenneth Vargas (Hearts), Álvaro Zamora (Aris), Andy Rojas (Herediano) and Warren Madrigal (Saprissa).

Soccer
Copa AmericaUSA Roster for Copa America 2024: Gregg Berhalter's USMNT squad for the tournament
Copa AmericaCopa America winners: complete and updated list of all the teams that have won the tournament
Copa AmericaCopa America 2024 Prize Money: How much money will the winner team earn?
See links of interest
Advertisement
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Taylor Swift's wedding request...
Marca
Miami Hurricanes tight end Cam...
Marca
17 Legitimate Ways To Get Mo...
Bankrate
Protect Your Busin ess from Identity...
trendstoday
Boost Efficiency Now with Free In...
SCM Software
Protect Your Brand : Corporate Ident...
answerpedia
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/copa-america/2024/06/28/667e493822601dc4568b4636.html 
 ----- 
