Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Cubs' Imanaga, Suzuki win face-off with LA's Ohtani, Yamamoto
Share
Cubs' Imanaga, Suzuki win face-off with LA's Ohtani, Yamamoto
September 11th, 2024

Sarah Wexler

@SarahWexler32
Share
;

10 SECONDS REMAINING

LOS ANGELES -- Both the Cubs and Dodgers made major splashes over the past few offseasons by signing big-name Japanese players. Chicago brought in outfielder Seiya Suzuki ahead of the 2022 season, then signed left-hander Shota Imanaga this past winter, when the Dodgers committed more than $1 billion to two-way phenom Shohei Ohtani and right-hander Yoshinobu Yamamoto. That’s part of why the two clubs made sense to open the 2025 season facing each other at the Tokyo Dome.

Fans got a chance to see those stars take each other on stateside on Tuesday night at Dodger Stadium. It marked just the second time that four Japanese-born players started in an MLB game -- and it hadn’t happened in 17 years, since Ichiro Suzuki and Kenji Johjima suited up for the Mariners against the Yankees’ Hideki Matsui and Kei Igawa on May 4, 2007.

The Cubs got the best of the Dodgers with a 6-3 victory to claim the series, punctuated by a home run-robbing catch from center fielder Pete Crow-Armstrong. But the palpable excitement over Japan’s contributions to the sport being on full display felt bigger than any individual contest.

Complete coverage: Cubs' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

"It's good for everyone to make it a global game,” said Cubs manager Craig Counsell. “And I think, certainly players like Shota and Yamamoto help that for sure. Games like tonight help that, absolutely.”

Imanaga, Suzuki, Yamamoto and Ohtani were all familiar with each other to some degree, as all four were part of Team Japan during the 2023 World Baseball Classic (although Suzuki did not play due to injury). Their experience against each other in NPB was limited. Yamamoto faced Suzuki in Chicago on April 6 and Imanaga faced Ohtani on April 7, the pitchers missing a head-to-head battle by one day.

Related
Cubs to sign RHP Rea to bolster pitching depth (source)

January 11th, 2025

Cubs add reliever Festa in trade with Rangers

January 9th, 2025

Cubs make initial pitch to Sasaki: 'We're an appealing destination'

December 11th, 2024

Cubs' crowded outfield puts trade scenarios in play

December 11th, 2024

Shota achieves another first for Cubs rookie

November 21st, 2024

17 rookies who formed an elite NL class

November 17th, 2024

In that April start, Imanaga threw four scoreless innings before his day was cut short due to rain. On Tuesday, he took the mound coming off throwing seven hitless innings in the Cubs’ combined no-hitter vs. the Pirates last Wednesday. He once again went seven frames, something he’s done nine times this season, striking out four, walking none and needing just 89 pitches. This time, however, he was tagged for three runs -- all on solo homers, two by Tommy Edman. He retired Ohtani all three times they faced, although Ohtani did just miss hitting his 47th homer of the season by one foot in the fifth inning.

"Yu Darvish gave me great words when I was on the national team,” Imanaga said through interpreter Edwin Stanberry. “He said, ‘When you're facing great competition, you kind of lose your limits, and you kind of go past that. You almost feel like there's another step ahead of that.’ And today, facing Yamamoto, facing Ohtani, facing all those great hitters on the Dodgers, I feel like that's kind of what happened, where I had a limit, and I kind of went past that."

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Yamamoto had been activated from the injured list to make the start and was working on a short leash, going just four innings. But he provided some stiff competition in that limited time, striking out eight, with Suzuki accounting for two of those punchouts.

Suzuki, though, contributed plenty later. Coming to the plate in the eighth inning with two on and the Cubs down by two, he singled to center field for an RBI, with Dansby Swanson scoring on an error to tie it.

Suzuki then scored the go-ahead run on a fielder’s choice throwing error, part of a five-run rally to put Chicago ahead for good. It ended up being a three-hit night for Suzuki, who also doubled in the sixth and singled in the ninth.

"Every team makes mistakes,” said Suzuki through Stanberry. “When you do, the momentum shifts. I think today, we didn't have any mistakes. We kept playing well. And once they did, we kind of took that momentum and kept riding it forward. And so I think that was kind of a key."

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Chicago Cubs
Seiya Suzuki
Shota Imanaga

Sarah Wexler is a reporter/editor for MLB.com based in Los Angeles.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/shota-imanaga-seiya-suzuki-beat-shohei-ohtani-dodgers 
 ----- 
