Skip to content
Subscribe Now
26°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO CUBS
Michael Busch, amid a strong rookie season, comes through against his old team to lead Chicago Cubs to 10-4 win
Cubs’ Michael Busch heads to third after hitting a solo home run during the fourth inning against the Dodgers onSept. 9, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
By MEGHAN MONTEMURRO | mmontemurro@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 10, 2024 at 7:03 PM CDT

LOS ANGELES — If Michael Busch held any extra incentive to remind his former team what it gave up, the Chicago Cubs first baseman downplayed that after a stellar performance.

Busch collected four hits, including a solo home run and a double, and three RBIs in the Cubs’ 10-4 win Monday night against the Los Angeles Dodgers. The 26-year-old lefty slugger, whose 17 homers rank third on the Cubs, returned to Dodger Stadium for the first time since he was traded in January.

“I wouldn’t necessarily put it that way,” Busch said when asked of any added motivation this series. “We’re trying to win games here, so every at-bat we’re all trying to have a good one. We know offensively they’re a really good team — they’re just a really good team in general.

“So at any point they can put together some good at-bats and runs. Just trying to put a ton of pressure on them every inning.”

Busch’s standout night resulted in his second career four-hit game and his second three-RBI performance, the latter of which both came against the Dodgers.

Cubs manager Craig Counsell was most impressed by Busch’s opposite-field homer, which just cleared the short porch down the left-field line in the fourth to give the Cubs a 4-0 lead versus Dodgers starter Walker Buehler. It was the first opposite-field homer of Busch’s big-league career.

“If there’s anything that he hasn’t done this year that we’re a little surprised maybe is the opposite-field power,” Counsell said. “I think he’s got that in him and I think we’ll see that come eventually.”

Busch believes if he can identify pitches that he knows he can’t drive to the pull side, he’s capable of hitting more balls the other way for power.

“If I can stay through that a little longer like I did, I think it’ll give me a chance to drive the ball the other way, get a hit, drop it down the line,” Busch said.

Cody Bellinger’s comfortability at Dodger Stadium was on display again Monday. Moments after Dodgers fans showered him with cheers before his first at-bat, Bellinger crushed a first-pitch fastball to right for a two-run homer to give right-hander Kyle Hendricks an early lead to work with.

Bellinger understands what Busch might have felt being back and complimented how he handled not only that experience, but also his performance throughout this year.

RELATED ARTICLES
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
Lenny Randle, ‘The Most Interesting Man in Baseball’ who spent a season with the Chicago Cubs, dies at 75

“It’s always a weird feeling. I mean, he knows a lot of the guys on the other side as well and it just shows how good he is,” Bellinger said. “He can lock it in when there’s extra things going on.

“We all learn how to be a big-leaguer, we all learn how to come in every day and get your body right, get your mind right, whatever it is, and he’s learning how to do that. And it’s not an easy task. He’s done a tremendous job at first base as well. He’s just a really good baseball player, and I’m really happy for him.”

Although Busch has struggled the last three weeks, posting a .160/.250/.213 slash line with three extra-base hits and seven RBIs in his last 84 plate appearances entering Monday, his all-around development has been a bright spot this season.

Counsell reiterated before the series opener how pleased he is with Busch’s rookie campaign, especially defensively. The process of becoming a plus defender at first base is “one that’s a little harder to see statistically every day,” Counsell noted, but Busch’s four outs above average (OAA) are tied for third among National League first basemen while his nine defensive runs saved (DRS) are tied for second in the majors at his position.

Offensive lulls can happen over 162 games. The consistent process of Busch’s daily preparation and how he has handled slumps are encouraging signs in his first full season in the majors. Maybe a game like Monday’s against the organization that helped him fulfill a big-league dream can be the spark for a strong finish to his rookie year.

“It’s always good coming back to your former team and having a big night,” a smiling Counsell said. “It’s fun. There’s a little something for the player in there, always just a little bit extra.”

Originally Published: September 10, 2024 at 7:22 AM CDT
Around the Web
The Best NFL QBs Ever Ranked in Order
YourBump
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
North Charleston: Brand New Senior 2-bed Apartments for $150/month - Peek Inside
Senior Living | Search Ads
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer You Never Saw Coming!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
YourBump
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Park Ranger Evacuates the South Carolina Forest When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Shocked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Top 15 Most Harmful Breakfast Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
This Weird Method Can Restore Your Vision Naturally (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
10% Free Silver on Us: See How Gold May Help to Secure Your Wealth
GoldCo
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Forget Minoxidil, Use This Household Item to Fight Hair Loss
WG Hair Restore
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Urologist: Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Prostate
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Surprise You
Myeloma I Search Ads
Joint Pain Vanishes With This Little-known Superfood - Try It Tonight!
Healthier Living Tips
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Today in Chicago History: BLIZZARD …
A fragile haven
‘Den of Thieves 2’ opens at No. 1 as ‘Better Man’ flops
Hebron getting grocery store after seven years without one: ‘We don’t want to be a food desert anymore’
Eric Muller: Federal workers may soon face moral dilemmas. Here’s what they can learn from history.
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
Chicago Bears coaching search tracker: Interview with Ron Rivera is complete; Mike Vrabel off the list with New England hire
Column: Next 4 weeks could define Artūras Karnišovas’ tenure with the Chicago Bulls. Is he up to the challenge?
5 takeaways from the Chicago Blackhawks’ 4-3 loss, including another bad 2nd period and Alec Martinez’s return
Ex-Speaker Michael Madigan is walking a tightrope by testifying. Will the gamble pay off?
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO CUBS
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2024
September
10
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/10/michael-busch-chicago-cubs-dodgers/ 
 ----- 
