+
Fantasy Baseball Daily Hitting Recap: 9/9/2024

Breaking down notable hitting performances from yesterday's games.

 RYAN CLARK 
HITTER RECAP
9/10/2024
SERIES NAVIGATION
Fantasy Baseball Daily Hitting Recap: 9/16/2024
Fantasy Baseball Daily Hitting Recap: 9/9/2024
The Smell of Nay-Bombs in the Morning

This season hasn’t necessarily been the kindest to Bo Naylor, whose production has fallen off a cliff compared to his great rookie season last year. This is largely due to shockingly bad peripheral stats, as his xWOBA and xBA are among the lowest of any qualified player. Still, Naylor sometimes shows why he had so much pedigree coming up in the Guardians system, and last night against the White Sox was the perfect example of this. Naylor hit a massive 428-foot bomb in the fourth, which ended up being huge as the game that once felt like it would be a blowout ended up finishing kind of close. He also tacked on a walk, a single, and two stolen bases following the blast, something that would delight Bo Naylor fantasy managers, which unfortunately are pretty rare with the season he’s had. Maybe this is the jolt needed for Naylor going into the postseason? Yes, it’s against the White Sox but this game had a bit of everything, so maybe we will see Naylor putting up more statlines like this to close out the season. It’s unlikely, but with the potential he showed early on, we like to think he will turn it around a bit.

Let’s see how the other hitters did Monday
Rob Refsnyder (BOS): 4-4, 2B, 2 HR, 2 R, 5 RBI, BB. 

What an incredible game for Rob Refsnyder, who did it all in a five-RBI game against a contending divisional foe. Refsnyder has had a pretty solid season all things considered, as he has a 130 wRC+ for a Red Sox team that is still trying to find a way into the postseason, as bleak as the outlook may be. This was without a doubt Refsnyder’s best game this year though, and likely will go down as one of those nights he’ll remember for his entire life. Refsnyder made it on base every time he was up at the plate, and his three extra-base hits (including two home runs)

Tyler O’Neill (BOS): 3-5, 2B, 2 HR, 2 R, 3 RBI. 

Another Red Sox outfielder who had a massive two home run game, Tyler O’Neill was dominant yesterday. Hitting from the DH spot, O’Neill hit two absolute missiles to bring three runs home and also hit a double that actually would’ve been a third home run had this game been against Houston in Minute Maid Park. O’Neill is yet another example of the Cardinals giving up on a struggling outfielder, only for them to find new life in another organization. He joins the ranks of Randy Arozarena and Adolis García, and it appears that perhaps Dylan Carlson is on track to become the next story that will keep Cardinals fans up at night.

Cody Bellinger (CHC): 2-4, HR, 2 R, 3 RBI, BB. 

Everyone loves revenge games. This was a classic example of a revenge outing. As we all know, Cody Bellinger was an MVP winner with the Dodgers before stumbling his way out of Los Angeles. The Cubs have picked him up and he has become a key piece in what the boys in Wrigleyville are trying to accomplish. Bellinger opened the game with a statement two-run shot, which put the Cubs ahead early in what wound up being a three-run first inning. He walked in the sixth which allowed him to come home on a string of hits by Isaac Paredes and Michael Busch. By the ninth inning, the game was all but over, but Bellinger just had to tack on one last RBI single to twist the knife a little into the heart of his former team.

Michael Busch (CHC): 4-5, 2B, HR, 3 R, 3 RBI. 

Speaking of revenge games, the other Dodgers castoff on the Cubs, Michael Busch, had an even better outing than Bellinger. Busch went 4-for-5, a really impressive feat in a game against an elite opponent. Busch really got the ball rolling in the first, as he drove in Paredes to give the Cubs a 3-0 lead, one which would prove to be insurmountable for the feared Dodgers. Busch hit a bomb in the fourth and another RBI single in the sixth to really put a stamp on the game. Busch was amazing last night and as a whole has proven to be a really solid option for both the Cubs and for fantasy managers looking for that sneaky pickup this year.

Austin Wells (NYY): 2-5, 2B, HR, R, 4 RBI. 

In the much-anticipated showdown between Aaron Judge and Bobby Witt Jr., the star ended up being… Austin Wells? Yeah, definitely a bit of a shocker, but Wells has been fantastic this year. He really has become a key figure in the AL Rookie of the Year race, and games like this certainly are why. Wells had two extra-base hits, one being a no-doubter home run and the other being a double that would’ve been a home run in many ballparks. Wells is barrelling up the ball well, which was showcased by the two really hard-hit balls that ended up bringing home four runs in a ten-run route by the Bronx Bombers.

Salvador Perez (KCR): 4-4, HR, R, 3 RBI. 

If you were told that the Royals/Yankees game would be between two MVP candidates, but you didn’t know who they were, you’d probably think it was between the aforementioned Wells and Salvador Perez. Perez has a real knack for putting together absolute monster games, and last night’s was exactly that. Three of the four runs scored by the Royals were batted in by Perez, who knocked in two singles and a home run. For those fantasy managers who somehow had faith in Perez despite whatever last year was, you have been rewarded, as he has put together one of the best seasons of his career.

Anthony Santander (BAL): 2-4, HR, R, 3 RBI, BB. 

As a whole, the Orioles probably want to forget about last night’s game against the Red Sox. Anthony Santander can at least hold his head high, as he put together a really good game despite the scoreboard. Santander had a single in his first at-bat of the game, which plated Gunnar Henderson following a lead-off double. He then walked with the bases loaded in the fourth, bringing in his second run of the night. Finally, Santander did what he does best in the seventh, homering to put a three on the scoreboard. It’s kind of sad that he was able to bring in three runs, three different ways yesterday, and yet they ended up being the only runs. Santander really is such an important piece of this lineup though, and the team around him (and around Gunnar, he’s been great too) really has to get it together again if they don’t want embarrassing losses like yesterday.

Niko Kavadas (LAA): 2-4, 2B, HR, R, 2 RBI. 

Woah! An amazing game from a player who many outside of Anaheim and Boston probably haven’t heard of. Indeed, the season for Niko Kavadas has been pretty awful. But, he had a bit of a gold star performance here with a double and a two-run home run in the sixth that essentially iced the game. A game like this probably isn’t to be expected by Kavadas, but hey, he had a confidence-building outing at the plate, and all of us here are rooting for him to continue building off of it.

Brandon Lowe (TBR): 1-1, HR, R, RBI. 

So Brandon Lowe only had one plate appearance yesterday, but it was a pretty impactful plate appearance. Unfortunately, it will probably be forgotten due to the Phillies winning in extras, but hey, this was the ultimate pinch-hitting performance. He came in, hit a bomb, and tied up the game. Not only is this impressive, but it’s great to see considering the fact he’s been battling finger injuries most of the year. Lowe has been on the bench the last few games due to a nagging finger issue, but seeing him come off the bench and deliver in the best way possible is a great sign for the Rays and for anybody who manages Lowe in fantasy.

SUBMIT
SERIES NAVIGATION
Fantasy Baseball Daily Hitting Recap: 9/16/2024
Fantasy Baseball Daily Hitting Recap: 9/9/2024
Ryan Clark

Ryan is a Fantasy writer for PitcherList. He was born in Tampa but has spent most of his life living in Canada, currently residing in Ottawa. His Tampa roots and his Devil Rays tee-ball team led him down the path of becoming a life-long Rays fan, making him one of the very few in Canada. Outside of baseball, Ryan loves music, writing and amusement parks.

One response to “Fantasy Baseball Daily Hitting Recap: 9/9/2024”
Chris Mal
September 10, 2024 at 11:24 PM

Not to take away from Brandon Lowe, but the ball was actually caught by Johan Rojas – completely in the webbing of his glove – and when he came down the glove hit the top of the wall and the ball squeaked out and fell over the fence. Oops.

Reply
Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published.

Comment

Name

Email

Website

 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Copyright © 2025 Pitcher GIFS Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Contact
Glossary

Stats powered by  

Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
A RAPTIVE PARTNER SITE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pitcherlist.com/fantasy-baseball-daily-hitting-recap-9-9-2024/ 
 ----- 
