Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
History
Rumors
Prospects
AL EAST
AL CENTRAL
AL WEST
NL EAST
NL CENTRAL
NL WEST
About
Follow Us
Chicago Cubs fans give Kris Bryant standing ovation in return to Wrigley Field
By
Kevin Henry
|
Sep 22, 2023
Apr 18, 2023; Denver, Colorado, USA; Colorado Rockies right fielder Kris Bryant (23) in the dugout in the eighth inning against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Coors Field. Mandatory Credit: Isaiah J. Downing-USA TODAY Sports

CHICAGO — You can take Kris Bryant away from the Chicago Cubs, but you certainly can’t take him out of the hearts and memories of the Cubs faithful.

In his first playing experience at Wrigley Field as a member of the Colorado Rockies, Kris Bryant received a long and loud standing ovation from the Cubs fans in attendance on Friday afternoon, tipping their cap to him for his seven seasons as a member of the Cubs.

Chicago Cubs fans remind Kris Bryant he is loved at Wrigley Field

Of course, part of the love for Bryant comes from the World Series title he helped bring to the franchise in 2016, the same year he won National League Most Valuable Player honors. Last year, in his first return to Wrigley after signing a seven-year, $182 million deal with the Rockies before the 2022 campaign, Bryant was unable to play against the Cubs after suffering from plantar fasciitis. However, Cubs fans still made their feelings known for Bryant by wearing their number 17 jerseys and voicing their displeasure that Chicago had parted ways with him as part of a rebuild.

Bryant had taken the field before Friday’s game as a member of the opposition, returning to Wrigley Field in an emotional series shortly after being traded during the 2021 season to the San Francisco Giants. However, Friday’s game came more than two years after Bryant had no longer roamed the infield and outfield at Wrigley, yet Cubs fans showed he still held a big part of their heart.

The 31-year-old Bryant went 4-for-11 with a pair of home runs when the Cubs and Rockies got together at Coors Field earlier in the month, with Colorado taking two of three games from Chicago. On Friday, Bryant struck out shortly after acknowledging the crowd’s ovation.

We will have more from Chicago on FanSided.com throughout the series as the Cubs try to punch their ticket to the postseason.

NEXT: Where the Cubs and Rockies land in our most recent MLB Power...
Related Topics
Chicago Cubs
Colorado Rockies
San Francisco Giants
Home/Chicago Cubs
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://calltothepen.com/2023/09/22/chicago-cubs-fans-kris-bryant-standing-ovation-wrigley-field-colorado-rockies/ 
 ----- 
