Skip to content
Subscribe Now
31°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO CUBS
Wrigley Field concessions workers OK strike as Cubs eye postseason
Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune White Sox concession workers protest in support of Chicago Cubs concession workers outside of Wrigley Field in Chicago before a game between the two teams on Aug. 15, 2023.
By TALIA SOGLIN | tasoglin@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 26, 2023 at 11:48 AM CDT

About 700 concessions workers at Wrigley Field could walk off the job at any time after an “overwhelming majority” voted to authorize a strike, said their union, Unite Here Local 1.

The concessions workers include bartenders, cashiers, cooks, dishwashers and other food service workers at the North Side ballpark who are employed by Chicago-based food service provider Levy. The workers are employed in stationary concessions stands and suites in the ballpark; vendors who work in the stands are not unionized with Unite Here.

The strike vote came ahead of the final home weekend of the Cubs’ regular season. The team played a three-game series against the Colorado Rockies over the weekend, entering the final week of the regular season in playoff position.

The concessions employees’ contract expired in October 2020, said Unite Here, which announced the results of the strike vote late Thursday.

Some concessions workers make the city minimum wage of $15.80 an hour, the local said. They are seeking a wage floor of $20 an hour, expanded health care coverage and a pension.

In a statement, Levy said the company was “baffled” by the strike vote, which it said “prevents team members from immediately benefiting from the significantly increased wages and benefits that we have proposed.”

Levy said its proposal included wage increases of up to 30%, a $20 per hour wage floor for nontipped workers and a tip guarantee for tipped workers. The company also said it had offered “significantly expanded” health coverage and enhanced benefits, such as an increase in its 401(k) match.

“Should a strike occur, plans are in place to continue food and beverage service,” Levy said in a statement.

Carlos Aguirre, who works serving food and drinks to fans in ballpark suites, said he makes $19 an hour, plus tips, after working at the ballpark for 27 years. Many of his co-workers make the city minimum wage, he said, and none have received a raise for three years.

Aguirre, who voted to strike, said he receives health insurance for six months of the year, but loses his coverage during the other half of the year. When the baseball season is over, he has to pay for his blood pressure medication out of pocket, he said.

“We will keep fighting until we get our contract signed,” Aguirre said.

Levy, which operates at sports and entertainment venues around the country including at Guaranteed Rate Field and the United Center, said in a letter to concessions workers in early August it had met with the union in more than 17 bargaining sessions.

“We have met, or made significant movement on, every ask the Union has made that would directly benefit you,” the company wrote.

Levy said it had not agreed to contribute to Unite Here’s pension plan, which it said remained a sticking point between the company and the union. Its proposal included ratification bonuses and retroactive wage increases, according to information shared with workers.

Unite Here, which also represents concessions workers employed by Levy at the United Center and concessions workers employed by food service and hospitality company Delaware North at Guaranteed Rate Field, said Levy’s proposal was “less than what was agreed to at the United Center and Guaranteed Rate Field in a number of areas.”

Delaware North settled a contract with concessions workers earlier this year, according to the union; Levy settled a contract with United Center concessions workers after a one-day strike in March.

“Compass Levy workers at Wrigley Field are seeking the same standards that concessions workers at the United Center and Guaranteed Rate Field have,” said Dan Abraham, organizing director for the local.

The ballpark strike vote comes after about 650 concessions workers at the United Center went on strike for a day over what workers described as wages as low as the city minimum for some employees and inconsistent access to health care. Similarly to workers at Wrigley Field, some United Center workers described having access to health insurance for only portions of the year.

In January, 98% of the United Center concessions workers voted to authorize a strike; the workers walked out during a Bulls home game days ahead of the Big Ten men’s basketball tournament.

Unite Here reached a tentative agreement with Levy after the strike, which concessions workers ratified, according to the union. Local 1 said the contract included immediate raises of up to $4.50 an hour, as well as a year-round health care agreement that would cover “hundreds” of additional workers.

Some concessions workers who work at the United Center in the winter also work at Wrigley Field during the baseball season, said Sarah Lyons, a spokesperson for Unite Here Local 1.

In August, Unite Here filed an unfair labor practice charge against Levy alleging the food service provider had threatened to retaliate against employees who had joined or supported a union. The charge remains under investigation by local National Labor Relations Board officials. Levy declined to comment on the ongoing legal matter.

Originally Published: September 22, 2023 at 12:20 PM CDT
Around the Web
Cost of Hair Transplant in the Us May Surprise You
Hair Transplant | Search Ads
Electric Car Prices Might Surprise You (View Offers!)
Electric Cars | Search Ads
Taipei: Unsold Prefabricated Homes Are Almost Given Away
Homes | Search Ads
Taipei - Stair Lifts Could Be a Dream Come True for Seniors (See Options)
Stair Lift
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
Marketing Software
Nurse Salaries & Degrees in The USA Might Surprise You. See Options
Nurse Job in USA
Taipei Mattress Stores Could Offer Surprising Discounts (Take Note)
Mattress Deals | Search Ads
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
Dubai Villas
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
Solar Generator
Neuropathy & Nerve Damage? Do This Immediately (Watch)
Healthier Living
Surgeon Reveals: Simple Method Ends Joint Pain & Arthritis (Watch)
Healthier Living
10 Must Do Things in South America
Viral Vacation Ideas
12x More Efficient Than Solar Panels? Prepper's Invention Takes Country By Storm
Solar Switch
10 Money-making Mobile Apps: Start Earning Now
Wish Jobs
Exploring the Most Dangerous Places in the World
Viral Vacation Ideas
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Pineal Guardian
Uncover Scholarships for Your Academic Goals
WishJobs
How to Make Money Online - Proven Ways. Start Earning More Money
oHee
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
How Long Should I Keep My Car?
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
Nine Kinds of Ancestors You Could Find on Your Family Tree
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Nine Kinds of Ancestors You Could Find on Your Family Tree
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Two Aurora gymnastics coaches, including an Olympian, suspended after misconduct investigation
Chicago Teachers Union president mocks CPS chief and apologizes
Edward Hospital’s fitness center in Naperville remains unused nearly two years after closure
Editorial: Cool Costco living project gives Chicago a blueprint on housing affordability
Donald Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Today in Chicago History: ‘I decided to do my sitting over here,’ Mike Royko writes in his first Tribune column
Former high-level assessor’s office employee under Berrios charged with taking bribes from lawyer
Supreme Court to weigh reinstating Obamacare care requirements struck down by lower court
Proposed location for Waukegan Chick-fil-A in dispute; ‘The idea of putting one (there) … boggles the mind’
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO CUBS
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2023
September
22
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/09/22/wrigley-field-concessions-workers-ok-strike-as-cubs-eye-postseason/ 
 ----- 
