Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Cub's Former Slugger Gets Standing Ovation in Wrigley Return
Chicago Cubs fans gave one of their former sluggers a standing ovation in his first game back at Wrigley Field with his new the Colorado Rockies.
Brad Wakai | Sep 22, 2023
Cub's Former Slugger Gets Standing Ovation in Wrigley Return /
In this story:
Chicago Cubs

The Chicago Cubs are in the midst of playing their worst baseball at the worst time of year. They once looked like they would coast into the playoffs as they held a comfortable lead in the National League Wild Card standings.

That's no longer the case.

After their home loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates on Thursday, the Cubs are now outside of the playoff picture, on the wrong end of the tiebreaker between themselves and the Miami Marlins.

Chicago now hosts their final home series of the season against the Colorado Rockies.

In the visitor dugout is a familiar face who helped the Cubs win the World Series in 2016.

Kris Bryant made his return to Wrigley Field in an opposing jersey for the second time since being traded away to the San Francisco Giants in 2021. Chicago fans gave him a standing ovation when he first returned as a member of the Giants.

They gave him another one on Friday.

Bryant is infamous for throwing the final out of the World Series to first base as the Cubs completed their comeback from a 3-games-to-1 deficit to win the franchise's first championship in 108 years.

The third baseman also won the NL MVP that year, becoming the first player ever to win the Golden Spikes Award, a Baseball America Minor League Player of the Year Award, Rookie of the Year and MVP in successive seasons.

After being traded to San Francisco at the trade deadline in 2021, Chicago's former slugger signed a seven-year, $182 million contract with the Rockies in 2022.

Bryant will always receive love when he comes back to Wrigley Field as Cubs fans everywhere remember the major role he played in ending their World Series drought.

Published Sep 22, 2023
BRAD WAKAI

Brad Wakai graduated from Penn State University with a degree in Journalism. While an undergrad, he did work at the student radio station covering different Penn State athletic programs like football, basketball, volleyball, soccer and other sports. Brad currently is the Lead Contributor for Nittany Lions Wire of Gannett Media where he continues to cover Penn State athletics. He is also a contributor at FanSided, writing about the Philadelphia 76ers for The Sixers Sense. Brad is the host of the sports podcast I Said What I Said, discussing topics across the NFL, College Football, the NBA and other sports. You can follow him on Twitter: @bwakai

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/cubs/news/cubs-former-slugger-gets-standing-ovation-wrigley-return-brad9 
 ----- 
