Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
LIVE
Death toll in raging LA wildfires continues to rise as blaze tears through city
MLB
Bryce Harper gets ejected after bat, helmet throwing Phillies meltdown
By Andrew Battifarano
Published Sep. 16, 2023, 1:33 a.m. ET
11
EXPLORE MORE
Blue Jays sign Jeff Hoffman to $33 million contract after Orioles agreement fell through
Phillies acquire Jesus Luzardo in trade with Marlins
Yankees in hot pursuit of Kyle Tucker trade — they’ll have to beat out these teams

Bryce Harper was not on the best of terms with home plate umpire Alex Tosi on Friday night.

The Phillies slugger found himself ejected in the third inning of Philadelphia’s 5-4 win over the Cardinals after he flung both his helmet and bat after striking out.

Harper recorded an RBI groundout in the first inning before coming back up in the third against St. Louis lefty Zack Thompson.

After getting ahead in the count 2-1, Harper took a fastball high, that appeared above the zone but was called a strike by Tosi.

On the next pitch, Thompson got off a looping, 75.6 mph curveball that Harper took a big hack at but whiffed on.

Harper then flung his back toward the third base dugout and then fired his helmet in the same direction.

Bryce Harper argues with home plate umpire Alex Tosi while being held back by first base coach Paco Figueroa during the Phillies’ 5-4 win over Cardinals.
AP

Tosi must’ve taken exception to the throwing and tossed Harper from the game.

The two-time MVP was incensed and started jawing at the umpire, who did not renege on his ejection.

Harper was restrained by first base coach Paco Figueroa and, before long, he left the game.

Bryce Harper left after just two at-bats.
AP

“It’s probably not the first time you’ll see Harp get thrown out of a game,” Philadelphia manager Rob Thomson said. “I don’t think you have to say anything to Harp. He understands. He’s very emotional, a huge competitors. At the end of the night, he understands how these games are.”

Edmundo Sosa came into the game to replace Harper, while Alec Bohm moved over from third to first base.

The Phillies hung on for the win despite his long absence.

11

What do you think? Post a comment.

Harper’s hitting .293 with an .879 OPS this year with 17 homers.

— with AP

FILED UNDER BRYCE HARPER  PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES  9/16/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/16/bryce-harper-gets-ejected-after-bat-helmet-throwing-meltdown/ 
 ----- 
