Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'A lot of great memories': Yarbrough cherishes return to the Trop
Share
'A lot of great memories': Yarbrough cherishes return to the Trop
September 22nd, 2024

Brian Murphy

@Spokes_Murphy
Share
;

5 SECONDS REMAINING

ST. PETERSBURG -- Sunday had a familiar feel for Ryan Yarbrough.

Just as he had numerous times before, Yarbrough took the mound at Tropicana Field, entering in the second inning as the bulk reliever, a role he essentially pioneered in 2018.

But taking that mound to face the Rays? Now, that was a first for the Blue Jays' left-hander.

“Very strange,” Yarbrough said. “A lot of adrenaline, being able to see everybody again.”

Battling some nerves, Yarbrough baffled his former mates through four innings in Toronto’s 4-3 loss to Tampa Bay.

“Yarbs was great,” manager John Schneider said. “Kind of vintage what he's done in this building in what seems like the dozen times that we've seen.”

Yarbrough made his MLB debut at the Trop in 2018 and pitched in 135 games with the Rays over the next five seasons, playoffs included. During Yarbrough’s rookie year, the Rays began experimenting with using a reliever for short starts consistently. We all know what “openers” are now, but six years ago, that tactic was basically unheard of. It was often Yarbrough’s job to follow that opener by throwing multiple innings, thereby creating the “bulk reliever” term that is prominent around the game today.

Fulfilling that role with another team against Tampa Bay?

“A lot of butterflies,” Yarbrough said. “And just more of an anticipation, kind of ready to get going.”

Once he shook off the emotions, Yarbrough struck out a season-high five batters, allowing only two hits and one walk, following Ryan Burr as the bulk arm for the Blue Jays. The one earned run on Yarbrough's ledger was scored after he departed with a runner on in the sixth.

“Yarbs, we've seen him a lot,” Rays manager Kevin Cash said. “He's pitched really well for us. We know how he can be difficult navigating through a lineup.”

The 32-year-old Yarbrough effectively mixed his four-seamer, curveball, sinker and changeup. He permitted only one hard-hit ball and didn’t allow a runner past first base.

It was the continuation of what has been a strong stretch for Yarbrough, who has allowed only three earned runs and eight hits over 20 2/3 innings dating back to Aug. 17. He has worked hard with the Blue Jays’ coaching staff to refine his mechanics since arriving from the Dodgers at the Trade Deadline. Now, he’s in a groove and giving a big lift to the team’s much-maligned bullpen.

“I felt a little out of whack when I first got over here,” Yarbrough said. “I put myself in a really good position at that point to just go out there, execute pitches and really keep guys off balance.”

Related
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

Why slugging Santander, Toronto could be ideal match

January 6th, 2025

Which player-team reunions make the most sense?

November 15th, 2024

Dodgers trade for Rosario -- for 2nd consecutive year

July 30th, 2024

Who will be the Dodgers' No. 5 starter?

March 10th, 2024

“When you watch him work, when you're going against him, it's frustrating and probably uncomfortable for hitters,” Schneider said. “He has a really good idea of what he wants to do. I've been really impressed with his preparation, his professionalism. He understands what he's good at, and you can see why he's been doing it for a long time.”

Yarbrough was in line for the win once he departed with one out and a runner on first in the sixth, but that chance was dashed once Zach Pop surrendered a go-ahead homer to -- who else? -- Jonathan Aranda. The 26-year-old Aranda went deep in each game of this series and has clubbed six of his 10 career big league homers against the Blue Jays.

“Just kind of left a cutter right in his happy zone there,” Schneider said.

The Blue Jays fought back in the ninth with an RBI single from Vladimir Guerrero Jr. that gave him 100 RBIs on the season. But with the tying and go-ahead runs at third and first, Spencer Horwitz popped out on the infield before Luis De Los Santos grounded into a forceout.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

It was Toronto’s third straight one-run defeat, and it represented the first time the club has been on the wrong end of a series sweep of at least three games since June 21-23 at Cleveland.

“To sum up the series, there just wasn't enough damage done against their starters or relievers,” Schneider said.

After the game, Yarbrough went back on the field that he called home for so long. This time, he was joined by his wife, Nicole, and their two children. The couple grew up in Florida, so there was plenty of family on hand to enjoy the homecoming.

“Super cool to be back,” Yarbrough said. “A lot of great memories here.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Toronto Blue Jays
Ryan Yarbrough

Brian Murphy is a reporter for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/ryan-yarbrough-thrives-in-first-outing-against-rays 
 ----- 
