International Football

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Italy lean on Premier League contingent to end Luciano Spalletti’s cruel summer
By James Horncastle
Sep 7, 2024

59

Luciano Spalletti is not a Swiftie. “I’m an old man,” he told the radio station RDS a few years ago. “I like Italian singers. Luca Barbarossa, i Camaleonti. The Vagabond is one of my favourite songs. Old stuff.” Even so, Spalletti has endured an incredibly Cruel Summer.

He called it “bruttissima”. Horrendous. “I’ve been coaching 30 years and I never saw a team of mine so lacking in fight as was unfortunately the case (at the Euros) in Germany.”

After Italy’s bloodless defeat to Switzerland in Berlin, Spalletti tried to mitigate for the holders’ exit in the round of 16. He argued that Inter Milan winning the Scudetto with five games to spare had hardly helped. Rather than go into the tournament fresher, the core of his team wasn’t as sharp as he would have liked. Too many players weren’t used to high-tempo football and the skill needed to play it. He made a recommendation: go abroad.

	Spalletti directs from the sidelines at Parc des Princes (Franck Fife/AFP via Getty Images)

In a grey and windswept Paris on Friday night, nine of the starting XI he picked for Italy’s Nations League opener against France were still Italy-based. To begin with, it felt like nothing had changed. Twenty-three seconds into Italy’s Euro opener against Albania in June, a careless throw-in from Federico Dimarco allowed Nedim Bajrami to score the fastest goal in tournament history. Italy had never conceded so early.

Until, that is, Bradley Barcola showed he’d seen the tape of what Nico Williams had done to Giovanni Di Lorenzo in Spain’s win in Gelsenkirchen and copied it. He surged past Napoli’s captain and gave France the lead after just 13 seconds. The goal happened so fast Italy’s captain and goalkeeper Gigio Donnarumma had been caught unawares. He was still coming back from hugging a staff member when Di Lorenzo lost the ball and hadn’t even velcro-ed up his gloves.

Spalletti smoothed out his eyebrows in disbelief. All he could do was grin and bear it as France’s Rive Gauche looked like it was once again home to Picasso, Sartre, Hemingway and Fitzgerald. For 10 minutes, Di Lorenzo seemed a football illiterate in their company. But then Italy began to play. The 3-5-1-1 Spalletti worked on in March, then partially and unexpectedly abandoned at the Euros, was back. Once Italy settled, it was clear they had a better plan than France.

Torino midfielder Samuele Ricci, who made the provisional squad for the Euros but not the final cut, interchanged positions with centre-back Riccardo Calafiori. Arsenal’s new signing was nominally on the left of Italy’s back three where his team-mate, Alessandro Bastoni, plays for Inter. But Ricci’s clever rotations allowed Calafiori to play and create overloads everywhere; at full-back, as a No 6, then as a No 8. When Ricci dropped in, Bastoni was able to shuffle across to his preferred side.

	Calafiori bypasses Michael Olise (Claudio Villa/Getty Images)

There was more energy in midfield. Andrea Cambiaso, Juventus’ total footballer, cut in on his left from the right flank where Federico Chiesa sometimes plays for the Azzurri. Spalletti had allowed Chiesa to stay and train with Liverpool after his deadline-day move from Juventus. Switches between Cambiaso and Dimarco pulled France all over the place and created the time and space for runners into the box.

A diagonal from Cambiaso to Dimarco came right back to him as Italy went right-to-left and back again via Lorenzo Pellegrini in the No 10 role. His lovely arced cross for Cambiaso at the far post was nodded back for Davide Frattesi to score from point-blank range. Somehow, the ripped blondie struck the bar. It came at a time when France had been on top. As a chance, it felt like an exception. But another came and then another. The recipient of another switch, Dimarco combined with Sandro Tonali, his old cross-town rival, whose back-heeled assist set up a sumptuous volley for the equaliser.

It was a goal good enough to make the Mona Lisa smile and Tonal-dinho’s role in it was heartwarming after everything he’s been through.

The unofficial Wetherspoons ambassador frequently snuck behind the France midfield to receive passes in the final third and, if the ball didn’t stick, he quickly won it back. Tonali also powered forward, holding off Warren Zaire-Emery as he broke into the box in the 83rd minute. After almost a year on the sidelines, his mix of silky touches and steely tackles stood out.

“He played a magnificent game,” Spalletti told RAI. “We were a little worried he wouldn’t be able to last 90 minutes, but in the final stages, he went on a couple of driving runs and almost got through on goal. We’ve got a great player back.”

	The imperious Sandro Tonali (Xavier Laine/Getty Images)

As encouraging as the “Midfield Maestro from Milano” was (note to the Gallowgate End, he’s a Geordie from Lodi), Tonali wasn’t man of the match. Calafiori’s intrepidness helped Italy outnumber France until the wild horse came up lame with an injury. Ricci grew in confidence as the game went on, dribbling under pressure inside his own penalty area before launching a ball that, by dint of a regained second ball, started the move that led to Italy’s second goal.

“You already knew what Tonali could do,” Spalletti said. “Ricci, on the other hand, played a different role to what he’s used to at Torino and was fearless.”

Giacomo Raspadori, the top scorer in Spalletti’s tenure, lost his place to his old Sassuolo team-mate Gianluca Scamacca on the eve of the Euros, but he came on as a sub at half-time here and made an instant impact. Partnering Mateo Retegui, as he did in Italy’s one euphoric moment against Croatia in Leipzig, he pounced on a loose ball the Argentine-Italian had hustled from Milan’s new midfielder, Youssef Fofana, played a pass back out to him and then watched as a cutback found its way to the onrushing Frattesi for Italy’s second.

A backup for Inter, who continues to come up with big goals (see the Ukraine game in the Euro qualifiers), Frattesi could have had a hat-trick at Parc des Princes. Denied by the crossbar in the first half, only a miraculous save from Mike Maignan stopped a glancing header from a corner going in.

Frattesi then went off injured, a second casualty of the night, and was replaced by Tottenham’s Destiny Udogie, another player who, like Tonali, missed the Euros. Udogie played 20 minutes in midfield before reverting to left-back. He, too, would play a role in Italy’s clincher. Udogie brought down another Cambiaso switch and kicked on before making an inside pass to Raspadori, who managed to do what few attacking players can; he made an admittedly unlucky William Saliba look a little foolish. His Romario-esque finish made it 3-1.

	Italy celebrate a restorative victory (Tnani Badreddine/DeFodi Images via Getty Images)

It was Italy’s first win in France for 70 years. The Azzurri hadn’t beaten a top nation under Spalletti before. They hadn’t beaten one full stop since England two years ago when Raspadori got the only goal at San Siro in another Nations League game. In the context of the Switzerland debacle two months ago, the victory at the Parc came as a major surprise, not least because Didier Deschamps fielded a strong side. Where was this performance in Germany, then?

“It’s the start of the season,” Spalletti said in explanation. “The players are fresher than they were at the end of last season.”

The hope is the Premier League contingent of Tonali, Calafiori and Udogie draw more benefit from their experiences in England. The first two could do to play as regularly as Udogie does at Tottenham. Then there’s Chiesa, who will find it tough to find a role in this system and dislodge an intelligent, two-footed all-rounder like Cambiaso, who has taken his place at Juventus and with Italy.

For 75 minutes in Paris’ 16th arrondissement, there was a belated and overdue glimpse of what Spalletti might be capable of with time and patience. For now, it’s one game. It’s the Nations League. But mercifully, it might also be the end of Spalletti’s cruel summer.

(Top photo: Tnani Badreddine/DeFodi Images via Getty Images)

James Horncastle covers Serie A for The Athletic. He joins from ESPN and is working on a book about Roberto Baggio.

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5751008/2024/09/07/italy-tonali-calafiori-udogie-spalletti-france/ 
 ----- 
