Skip to content
Gelsenkirchen Euro 2024 fixtures, tickets, stadium fan zones and more

18+ | Commercial Content | T&Cs apply | Gambleaware.org

Written by
Okello Steve
Last Update:
June 12, 2024
Published on
June 12, 2024

Gelsenkirchen Euro 2024 is all about a city getting ready to deliver European Championship Excellence.

Games in this part of Germany will be staged at the Arena AufSchalke, also known as Veltins Arena due to sponsorship reasons.

If you are a fan of the teams whose group stage duels are set to take place in Gelsenkirchen starting 16 June 2024 through to the round of 16 at the end of June, this post is for you.

Gelsenkirchen Euro 2024 – what to expect

Contents [show]

Veltkins Arena will host Euro 2024 matches in Gelsenkirchen, Germany

For those who have been to Arena AufSchalke to watch domestic league matches, things are going to be a bit different this time as Europe's top national teams take on each other. There are interesting Gelsenkirchen Euro 2024 fixtures but before we go into the details, there is much more that awaits football fans in the city such as the Euro Festival. Let's start with a simple fact sheet about the Arena AufSchalke.

Arena AufSchalke fact sheet
Due to sponsorship reasons, Arena AuSchalke, which is the home ground for FC Schake 04, is known as Veltkins Arena.
The stadium is located in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany and has a retractable stadium roof. The roofing is made of fibreglass and coated with Teflon, supported by a rectangular truss to ensure its stability.
There are at least 90 executive suites at Arena AufSchalke, which means there will be plenty of hospitality services available to those who have booked VIP packages at the venue ahead of the Gelsenkirchen Euro 2024 fixtures.
The construction of Arena AufSchalke started in 1998 and was finally opened on 13 August 2023.
Apart from being the homeground for Schalke 04, it also hosts selected matches for the German national football team.
Arena AufSchalke hosted the 2004 UEFA Champions League final.
The venue also hosted five matches in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
A Brief History of Arena AufSchalke

Arena AufSchalke came about as a result of fans desiring a larger venue in the late 1990s, especially in the aftermath of winning the 1997 UEFA Cup. At the time, Parkstadion was outdated, so an alternative venue with modern facilities became necessary. And with the club set to celebrate its 100th anniversary in 2004, the necessity for a new stadium became even more urgent. Therefore, HBM, a German construction firm, was awarded the tender in 1998.

The current ground, which was bought from then-owner, Berger Feld, is close to the old Parkstadion  The stadium would then be constructed as a multifunctional venue, accommodating at least 62,000 fans in Bundesliga matches and at least 54,000 fans in international events such as the upcoming Gelsenkirchen Euro 2024. There are at least 16,000 standing rows and dozens of VIP lounges at the Veltkins Arena.

Gelsenkirchen Euro 2024- Arena AufSchalke fixtures

Spending a week or so in Gelsenkirchen this summer will be worth the penny as you watch Euro 2024 matches at Arena AufSchalke. England's Three Lions will kick off the excitement with a match against Serbia on 16 June 2024. The game is set to start at 10 pm, so expect thousands of English fans to grace the German city with colourful dances and songs at the Euro 2024 Festival.

Another big game to catch in Gelsenkirchen Euro 2024 fixtures is Spain vs Italy. Gelsenkirchen will undoubtedly host some of the top contenders for the European Championship trophy. Note that Spain vs Italy will be staged at Arena AufSchalke on 20 June 2024, four days after the opening game.

Here is the full list of Euro 2024 matches in Gelsenkirchen:

Group C: Serbia vs England – Sunday 16 June 2024 at 10 pm.
Group B: Spain vs Italy – Thursday 20 June 2024 at 10 pm.
Group F: Georgia vs Portugal – Wednesday 26 June 2024 at 10 pm.
Round of 16: 1st Group C vs 3rd Group D/E/F – Sunday 30 June 2024 at 7 pm.

Rules at Arena AufSchalke ahead of Gelsenkirchen Euro 2024 matches
Veltkins Arena (Arena AufSchalke)

The following are some important Gelsenkirchen Euro 2024 rules:

You must have a valid ID to enter the Arena AufSchalke in Gelsenkirchen.
If you have a power bank, it must be smaller than your smartphone to enter the stadium.
Smoking is prohibited at Arena AufSchale as well as other Euro 2024 stadiums.
It would be best if you carried an A4-size bag or less. No bigger bags will be allowed at the stadium.
You are not allowed to carry professional cameras to the stadium. And if you must take an umbrella, only the collapsable ones are permitted.
Matchday travel guide for fans at Arena AufSchalke

With the 2024 European Championship around the corner, German cities like Gelsenkirchen are undoubtedly getting busier. It is also becoming trickier finding your way around the city with the crowds swelling with each passing. Things could get worse on matchdays.

To avoid getting stranded, note that Gelsenkirchen Euro 2024 ticket holders have access to a 36-hour travel pass in the city. This is the case with other host cities. The travel pass should help you cut costs and is valid from 6 am on the issue day to the following day at 6pm. Therefore, you should make the most of the train trips to Gelsenkirchen, starting from the Central Station.

We recommend public transport on matchday, so taking a taxi to the Veltkins Arena will not be a viable option because traffic jams may significantly increase your travel time. And regardless of which side of the side you alight, look for the entry gate on the match ticket. You can always walk around the stadium to the entrance indicated on the ticket.

Arena AufSchale Fan Zones – Nordsterpark

Euro 2024 festival will take place in different German cities, so if you are in Gelsenkirchen, you can head to the city centre or check into one of the Fan Zones around the stadium.

Nordsterpark is now turned into a Fan Zone in Gelsenkirchen and is expected to those thousands of fans, including England fans whose team kick-off the tournament against Seria at the Arena AufSchalke on 16 June 2024.

Nordsterpark is the perfect location for family, friends and colleagues looking for some thrill. The Fan Zone will not only have a large screen for public viewing but will also host other fun activities such as talk shows, music concerts, stage performances, restaurants, and eSport contests.

It is free to enter Nordsterpark and most importantly, public transport will be ideal on matchday.

Facilities for disabled fans at Arena AufSchalke

UEFA is celebrating diversity in the upcoming European Championship in Germany. With that, there is a comprehensive accessibility roadmap for all the 10 venues hosting Euro 2024 matches.

Disabled fans in Gelsenkirchen can use the official accessibility mobile page for the city to plan their trip, stadium entry and exit. Note that the page is only available in German. From mobility challenges, and hearing impairment to visual problems, there are several travel options for disabled fans at the Gelsenkirchen Central Station.

But first, book your DB train ticket in advance to avoid inconveniences once you land in Germany. While at it, choose a train that allows enough transfer time to catch the earliest tram, bus or taxi to the match venue.

Trains in Germany have carriage doors to fit wheelchairs and so are special entry points at Gelsenkirchen Euro 2024 stadium. It is also true for planes flying to the city and other modes of transport.

We recommend getting off at Willy-Brandt-Allee, which is 700m from the entrance as it is more accessible by a shuttle bus than using a bus or tram. For more accessibility guidelines, check our Arena AufSchalke page.

Okello Steve

Okello Steve is a seasoned Sports and travel writer with over 10 years of experience in the journalistic enterprise. Steve honed his writing skills from a tender age and went on to study communication at the University and chose to pursue a writing career as an independent journalist crafting engaging content for the web on sports, casino gaming and travel.

Articles: 350

BETTING OFFERS
Best Football Betting Apps
Top 5 Prediction Site
William Hill Sign Up Offer
Kwiff Welcome Offer
Unibet Promo Code
Bwin Sign up Offer
Grosvenor Sports Sign Up Offer
Bet365 states USA
ABOUT US
About Us
Journalist Charter
EPL Tickets
Forum
Contact Us

FootballGroundGuide » Latest Football Stadium and Fan News » Gelsenkirchen Euro 2024 fixtures, tickets, stadium fan zones and more

Legal
Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
 Play Responsibly
© 2024 Football Ground Guide. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballgroundguide.com/gelsenkirchen-euro-2024 
 ----- 
