TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Christmas
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Download Our App
Home
TV
Sport
Football
What channel is Serbia v England Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What channel is Serbia v England Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

Check out how to watch Serbia v England in Euro 2024, including TV channel, radio coverage and kick-off time.

Ned Holmes
Published: Friday, 14 June 2024 at 11:00 am
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

One of the most anticipated major tournaments in recent memory kicks off on Sunday evening for England, who face Serbia in Gelsenkirchen in their Euro 2024 opener.

Gareth Southgate's side may be one of the pre-tournament favourites, but their preparations have been far from plain sailing.

The injury to Harry Maguire, uncertainty surrounding Luke Shaw and dropping of Jack Grealish, as well the warm-up defeat to Iceland, has somewhat taken the wind out of the Three Lions' sails.

The defence is a concern, but there are plenty of reasons to be cheerful – not least the fact that they have a front four of Bundesliga Golden Boot winner Harry Kane, La Liga player of the season Jude Bellingham, Premier League player of the year Phil Foden, and Arsenal starboy Bukayo Saka.

Read more: Euro 2024 matches on today | Euro 2024 TV coverage | Euro 2024 radio coverage

More like this
What channel is Slovenia v Serbia Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

After impressive runs in three previous tournaments under Southgate, the feeling is that this could be England's year - but Serbia will be a testing opposition first up.

Dragan Stojković's side have a front three that can trouble what is not a wholly convincing backline in physical strike partnership Aleksandar Mitrović and Dušan Vlahović, with Dušan Tadić pulling the strings behind them.

The Three Lions will want to quieten the doubters by getting off to a strong start, but Serbia have high hopes of their own and are expected to battle it out with Denmark and potentially Slovenia for second spot in Group C.

RadioTimes.com has rounded up all the details for how to watch Serbia v England on TV and online.

Read more: Euro 2024 fixtures | Euro 2024 presenters | Euro 2024 predictions | Euro 2024 group analysis | Euro 2024 team-by-team guide | Euro 2024 kits ranked

When is Serbia v England?

Serbia v England will take place on Sunday 16th June 2024.

Check out our live football on TV guide for the latest times and information.

Serbia v England kick-off time

Serbia v England will kick off at 8pm.

What TV channel is Serbia v England on?

Serbia v England will be shown live on BBC One with live coverage from 7pm.

Check out the full broadcast teams for both BBC and ITV with our Euro 2024 presenters, pundits and commentators guide.

How to live stream Serbia v England online

You can also live stream Serbia v England online via BBC iPlayer.

The streaming platform is available on a range of devices, from desktop and laptop computers to smartphones and tablets via the app.

Listen to Serbia v England on radio

You can listen to the match on BBC Radio 5 Live.

BBC Radio 5 Live is available on DAB radio, MW 693 kHz, 909 kHz and 990 kHz, or you can tune into the station via most TV packages. You can also listen to Radio 5 Live online via the BBC website or BBC Sounds app.

Serbia v England odds

In working partnership with the Radio Times, bet365 has provided the following betting odds for this event:

bet365 odds: Serbia (11/2) Draw (15/4) England (9/20)*

Bet Boost: Over 2 goals, England win, Jude Bellingham over 1.5 shots on target – 16/1 18/1

Bet Boosts are only available to new and eligible customers, and are subject to availability.

For all the latest football odds and more, visit bet365 today. Bet £10 & Get £30 in Free Bets for new customers at bet365.

Min deposit requirement. Free Bets are paid as Bet Credits and are available for use upon settlement of bets to value of qualifying deposit. Min odds, bet and payment method exclusions apply. Returns exclude Bet Credits stake. Time limits and T&Cs apply.

*Odds subject to change. 18+. T&Cs apply. BeGambleAware.org. Note – The bonus code RT365 does not change the offer amount in any way.

Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Read more: Best football players in the world | Best football players of all time

Check out more of our Sport coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
Ned Holmes
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is Slovenia v Serbia Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Denmark v Serbia Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
All about
Euro 2024

News, photos, videos and full episode guide

Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is Slovenia v Serbia Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Denmark v Serbia Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Denmark v England Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is England v Slovenia Euro 2024 match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Win a trip to see The Railway Children

with Bradford City of Culture 2025. One Radio Times reader will win a wonderful trip for four to see The Railway Children. As well as tickets to the show, you will enjoy an overnight stay in a Suite at the four-star Cedar Court Hotel Bradford

ENTER NOW
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2024
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/sport/football/serbia-england-euro-2024-preview/ 
 ----- 
