News
Today's news
US
Politics
World
Tech
Climate change
Health
Science
Originals
Newsletters
Life
Health
Parenting
Style and beauty
Horoscopes
Shopping
Food
Travel
Autos
Gift ideas
Buying guides
Entertainment
Celebrity
TV
Movies
Music
How to Watch
Interviews
Videos
Finance
My portfolio
News
Markets
Sectors
Screeners
Personal finance
Videos
Crypto
Industries
Sports
Fantasy
Daily fantasy
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
Soccer
College football
Show all
New on Yahoo
Creators
Games
Tech
Editions
US
© 2024
All rights reserved.
Search query
Mail
Sign in
Advertisement
Close this content
Top Stories
Baby found on street
Chuck Schumer plan
Closest-ever approach to sun
Mexico tests detainment app
MAGA infighting on X
Romance scammer
Severe weather impacts flights
NKorea soldier captured
Ainsley Earhardt
Christmas tree disposal
WJZY
Couple climbs Hawaii volcano to survive being ‘hunted’ by carjacker: ‘He meant business’
Gina Mangieri
Thu, June 27, 2024 at 6:01 PM UTC
6 min read

HONOLULU (KHON) – Two visitors to Maui who were carjacked and robbed at gunpoint say they were forced to run, hide and hike for their lives to the top of Haleakalā National Park this month.

Itʻs an ordeal authorities did not reveal publicly until Nexstar’s KHON started asking questions. Now, the victims are speaking out to warn others about similar dangers.

California residents Alex and Justina Lucero were visiting Maui in early June, having traveled to the island for music gigs. On their free day, June 4, the two decided to explore the popular tourist spots in Paia and Hana. They went to the parks, visited a couple of trails on the bamboo forest and walked to a few waterfalls.

Advertisement

“Everybody was wonderful. All the locals and all the tourists that we ran into were great.”

Attacker of Nancy Pelosi’s husband also found guilty of kidnapping, could face more prison time

A few people suggested they check out a black sand beach toward the end of the Road to Hana, a scenic 64-mile route along the coast of the island. On the way, their GPS took them through Kaupō, where they noticed a sign indicating a closed road, though it was pushed off to the side.

“And we were told earlier that day by some local, ‘Yeah, you can go all the way through. It used to be closed, but it’s not anymore.’ So we weren’t suspicious of anything like that,” Justina said. “And we were told that, you know, the locals there will use the same road, and if they come up behind you, just pull off to the side and let them pass, because they’re going to be not looking at the same scenery the way that you will.”

Advertisement

When a truck pulled out of a driveway just after they passed, they pulled off the road and Alex waved the truck on. But minutes later, as they got around a blind curve, the truck was coming back toward them, stopping in a spot that was only big enough for one vehicle.

“[The driver] jumps out and comes right at us with the gun and stops us in the middle of the street,” Justina said.

Alex said he was wearing a mask, a hood and a sweatshirt.

“Leave all valuables, leave the keys … empty your pockets, leave everything in the car, and start walking that way now,” Alex said they were told.

Surfers get ‘best waves of our lives’ at dress rehearsal for Olympic venue in Tahiti

Advertisement
More in U.S.
“60 Foot” Waves Blast California Coast, Wreak Havoc (Video)
SURFER Magazine
Passengers are guilty of this new annoying habit ‘every single flight,’ cabin crew confesses: ‘I’m just bewildered’
NY Post
Surviving on $1,800 a month in Social Security, she died looking for a place to live
USA TODAY
Winning ticket for $1.22 billion lottery jackpot sold in California, Mega Millions says
Associated Press

They did what he told them to do, leaving their phones behind as they began to walk toward Hana on foot.

Then they heard a car start behind them.

“Now, he’s coming towards us. So we very, very quickly went from a fast walk to a sprint up this gulch,” Alex said.

Alex and Justina Lucero told Nexstar’s KHON they were “hunted” by a man with a gun — and some accomplices — while sightseeing in Maui earlier this month. (KHON)
More

The couple said they had a choice to make: Stay on the road where they were being chased, head down toward the water, or head up the hill — the hill being the Haleakalā volcano.

They hopped a guardrail and hid behind boulders in the nick of time.

“He’s yelling for us to show ourselves. ‘Yeah, I’ll find you. I’ll find you.’ And he, at some point, he counts down from, I don’t know if it was 10 or I heard him at five. And at the end of it, he shot the gun off,” Alex said.

Advertisement

“At that point, we knew it was loaded. We knew he meant business,” said Justina.

‘Hawaii Five-0’ actor Taylor Wily dies at 56

When they thought it couldnʻt get any worse, their pursuer was joined by a white multi-passenger van with a taxi sign.

“They rendezvoused. They came up with some type of, they had some type of interaction, this vehicle and our rental car, and we knew at that point that this guy was in on finding us,” Alex said.

They continued darting up the mountain, both in swimming suits, her in slippers, and nobody to help.

During a break, they noticed there was a third vehicle pacing the stretch of road, getting out with flashlights and even putting a drone in the sky, complete with a searchlight, Justina said.

She said they were overwhelmed with “this feeling of being hunted and not knowing the extent of, you know, what they would do, what they wanted and who he had at his fingertips to help.”

Throughout the night, they climbed higher and higher as the air grew colder. They drank from a small waterfall.

Then, at daybreak, they saw tour helicopters, but the helicopters did not see them. Two men on horseback were also riding along with dogs, but unsure of whether they were helpers or hunters, they continued on without initiating contact.

Once over a ridgeline, they saw a big white structure and three people. They waved for help, and a park ranger responded.

Their ordeal was finally at an end — more than 24 hours after it began.

Tamayo Perry, former pro surfer, ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ actor, dies in apparent shark attack

Law enforcement pondered who their tormentor could be.

“At this point, he had a suspect in mind who fits the profile, who fits the the heinous act, because he is such a menace,” Alex said. “That’s what he said.”

The following week, officers with the Maui Police Department arrested Christopher Helmer on warrants for a separate kidnapping and terroristic threat from May.

The Luceros were told that Helmer was caught in their rental car, a silver Mustang, and that he and others had tried to use their credit cards all over Maui.

Left in blood: How a Michigan cold case was solved, 35 years later

Helmer was indicted on Friday for robbery, firearms, car theft and drug charges in connection with the Lucerosʻ carjacking.

In a statement obtained by KHON, Maui prosecutor Andrew Martin thanked the police and the deputy prosecuting attorneys for their “tremendous efforts” to identify and apprehend Helmer.

“His victims have endured harrowing experiences and we look forward to bringing him to justice,” Martin said.

Alex and Justina Lucero told their story of survival, climbing up Haleakalā after they were carjacked and “hunted” in Hāna in June 2024. (Courtesy Alex Lucero)
More

Police are also hoping the capture of the suspect, whom they said “was implicated in multiple incidents across the island,” puts the public at ease.

“With Helmer in custody, we want to reassure our residents and visitors that they can take comfort in knowing that this individual is no longer a threat to public safety,” the MPD said in a statement.

Helmer remained in custody as of Thursday.

The Luceros, meanwhile, said local Maui residents have urged them to share their story so other visitors can stay cautious.

“We almost didn’t make it home, and our lives are forever changed now after what has happened,” Justina said. “And we’re lucky to have gotten through it together, but this could have gone so many other ways.”

Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to Queen City News.

Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
View comments
About Our Ads
Solve the daily Crossword
25,875 people played the daily Crossword recently. Can you solve it faster than others?
Crossword
Play on Yahoo
Advertisement
Recommended articles
Houston man being robbed by children on Christmas shoots them, injuring 3: Police
USA TODAY
What to know about the death of a woman who was set on fire in a New York City subway train
Associated Press
Oklahoma AG dismisses assault charge against officer who slammed 71-year-old man to the ground
Associated Press
Texas man accused of vandalizing Leavenworth’s Gazebo Park
KIRO
Jax Beach Nordstrom Rack shoplifting suspect sought
WJAX
Aldi announces 17 more locations opening soon, including in Florida. Here's where
Palm Beach Post
Convicted Conway bank killer asks for compassionate release days after death sentence commutation
WBTW Myrtle Beach
Michigan Supreme Court challenges governmental immunity
WLNS Lansing
Man arrested, charged with setting 20-year-old NC woman on fire
Raleigh News and Observer
Where is Aldi opening new locations? See list of grocery stores coming to 9 states
USA TODAY
How much is the Alexander family worth? Sex trafficking charges may put assets at risk
Miami Herald
California appeals court overturns ex-NFL star Dana Stubblefield’s rape conviction
CNN
Parents who adopted young boys admit abusing them, keeping them in 'dungeon-like' room
The Enquirer
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed man before death, footage shows
Associated Press
Jennings PD: Missing Tennessee girl found safe in woods, Louisiana man arrested
WGNO - New Orleans
NYC homeless shelter residents share experiences with alleged subway killer
WPIX New York City, NY
New Orleans priest recently convicted of sex crimes dies at correctional center
WGNO
Rolex stolen from Keanu Reeves’ LA home turns up in Chile
CNN
Malaysian man publicly caned for Islamic crime of close proximity
Reuters
Oklahoma AG steps in to nix charges against police officer for takedown of 71 year old
USA TODAY
Item saved from autopsy helps solve sleepover sex assault case after 3 decades
KIRO
Man stabbed in NH mall parking lot in critical condition, police say
WFXT
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrested as they tried to fly out of Lebanon, officials say
Associated Press
Man accused of killing Greensboro officer Michael Horan at Food Lion was an Instacart driver
WGHP Greensboro
Have you seen them? Boston Police Department updates ‘Most Wanted’ list
WFXT
Police: Man stabbed in face during fight at Gaithersburg restaurant
DC News Now Washington
Oklahoma AG drops charges against officer who threw 71-year-old man to the ground during traffic stop
NBC News
Where is Aldi opening new locations? Grocery stores coming to 9 states, including Alabama
The Tuscaloosa News
JonBenet Ramsey’s Father Hopes Her Murder Case Can Be Solved After DNA Breakthrough
Us Weekly
Aaron Carter’s Estate ‘Insolvent,’ Unable to Pay Massive $241,000 Debt Two Years After His Death
In Touch Weekly
Menomonee Falls Best Buy theft; man sought, stole gaming computer
WITI
9-Year-Old Among Carjackers Caught In Baltimore
The Auto Wire
Albuquerque officer charged with DWI, adds to string of officer arrests from this past year
KRQE Albuquerque
'Just began shooting everyone:' Details emerge in deadly Christmas Day shooting
Indianapolis Star
Gov. Gavin Newsom doubles down on opposition to Prop. 36
Sacramento Bee
Police arrest suspected drunk driver who hit 2 parked cars, rolled in SLO neighborhood
San Luis Obispo Tribune
Stolen Ferrari SF90 Spider Recovered Undamaged By Police
The Auto Wire
Christmas shooting at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport leads to injuries, arrests. Here's what we know
The Arizona Republic
Texas teen accused of opening fire from pickup after altercation in Watertown, police say
Watertown Public Opinion
Former 49er Dana Stubblefield sees rape conviction overturned by appellate court
KTVU
Officials name two victims from recent vehicle crashes in Corpus Christi
Corpus Christi Caller-Times
Man causes ‘significant damage’ to Providence restaurant
WPRI Providence
Investigators release more footage of man seen looking into girl’s bedroom in Huntsville
WHNT Huntsville
2 shot at Phoenix airport in apparent family dispute on Christmas night, officials say
CNN
Chicago woman arrested after officer struck by vehicle at northwest Indiana bowling alley
WFLD
Opinion - Will the jury let Luigi Mangione get away with murder?
The Hill
Traffic stop leads to drug seizure and arrest
KWKT Waco
Erie police charge 3 in attempted home-invasion robbery where gunshot fired
Erie Times News
'Shocking' footage shows handcuffed inmate who died after prison guards beat him
ABC News
Christmas shooting at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport leads to injuries, arrest. Here's what we know
AZCentral | The Arizona Republic
Advertisement
Yahoo!
US
Politics
2024 Election
World
Health
Science
The 360
Contact Us
Originals
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Site Map
Follow us on
Download our app
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yahoo.com/news/couple-climbs-hawaii-volcano-survive-180125985.html 
 ----- 
