Skip to content
December 29, 2024
FB
Twitter

FOOTBALL IN OCEANIA

STORIES FROM THE BEAUTFIUL GAME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS

Primary Menu
New Zealand power through to final in dominating fashion

New Zealand are into the final after a dominating display against Tahiti in the first semifinal.

New Zealand celebrates Finn Surman’s (centre) opening goal. (Photo: OFC Media via Phototek)

New Zealand – Tahiti 5-0

New Zealand scored early and late in the first half to take complete control of the match, and never looked back in the second, adding two more, which could have been much more.

“We dominated the game and it was just a matter of time before people took their chances. We could have been even more clinical with some of our chances, but scoring those two just before half time meant we were able to manage the game and have a bit more possession,” says head coach Darren Bazeley, speaking to Football in Oceania after the match.

Tahiti left back Teva Lossec was dissapointed with the end result for his side.

“It was hard. We took a very fast goal, and after that we ended up running after the ball. We tried to attack but it was very hard,” he tells Football in Oceania.

Tahiti’s Teva Lossec (number 17) (Photo: OFC Media via Phototek)

New Zealand got the start they wanted with an early goal after eight minutes, when Liberato Cacace bounced a free kick off the post, and Finn Surman put the rebound into the net.

NZ looked for a quick second goal but shots from Ben Waine, Tyler Bindon and Cacace – again in the post – couldn’t find the net during the first 20 minutes of the match.

Tahiti struggled to find their way into the match and most of their attempts were cleared by NZ defenders or picked up by goalkeeper Max Crocombe.

New Zealand lost Tim Payne to what looked like it might be a serious injury just before half an hour was played of the match.

“It’s disappointing to lose Tim. We need to see how the injury is and how he’ll be for the final game. Fingers crossed,” Bazeley says.

Just as the teams were getting ready to head to the dressing rooms for half time, New Zealand went on the counter. Kosta Barbarouses’ cross from the right found Ben Waine in the middle, who sort of slide-kicked the ball into the net.

NZ then punctured what little air might have been left in the Tahiti balloon with their third goal of the half just a minute later. Cacace dribbled his way into the box down on the left side, before cutting the ball back to a wide open Barbarouses who hammered the ball into the net.

It could have been four before the break, but NZ did not get the penalty they felt they should have following a tackle on Ben Waine.

Waine would get his second just eight minutes into the second half. And once again it was Cacace who was the architect. The NZ captain did well before smashing a cross onto the head of Waine, who sent it into the net.

Just after the 70th minute Kosta Barbarouses got his second as he tapped in a rebound following a smartly taken free kick.

New Zealand captain Liberato Cacace got man of the match for his assists and all around stellar performance. He was naturally a happy man following the end of the match.

“I like how involved I was in the attacking third, and to keep the clean sheet on the other side. That’s one thing the team was proud.”

New Zealand’s Liberato Cacace with his man of the match award. (Photo: OFC Media via Phototek)

The left back hit the post twice in the game, and was very keen to score.

“It’s been a while since I scored for my country, and the last time was against Tahiti. But I’m happy to provide the assists for the team.”

NZ kept up the pressure all the way through the match, and looked closer to getting a sixth than Tahiti did at getting their first. A great save from keeper Teamotuaitau kept out Max Mata, while the post kept out Alex Greive in the dying minutes of the match.

Now New Zealand advance to the final, while Tahiti will play for bronze. Left back Lozac looks forward to that.

“We need to concentrate for Sunday. It’s not finished. We want to come back to Tahiti with third position,” he says.

Enter the text or HTML code here

About Author
Ola Bjerkevoll

A passion for everything football and especially in Oceania. Owner of Football in Oceania.

See author's posts

Share this article:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Tags: New Zealand, News, Oceania, OFC Nations Cup, Tahiti
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Featured on
International Football News 24/7

 

Follow Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Follow Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Football in Oceania RSS

 RSS - Posts

Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Categories
American Samoa (29)
Beach Soccer (9)
Cook Islands (50)
Exclusive Features (5)
Exclusive Interviews (22)
Federated States of Micronesia (1)
FIFA Club World Cup (7)
FIFA Women's World Cup (8)
Fiji (72)
Futsal (10)
Kiribati (16)
Marshall Islands (6)
Nauru (5)
New Caledonia (47)
New Zealand (76)
Niue (4)
Non-FIFA (12)
Oceania (53)
OFC Champions League (45)
OFC Futsal Champions League (2)
OFC Nations Cup (4)
OFC U-16 Women's Championship (1)
OFC U16 Championship (4)
OFC U19 Championship (2)
OFC Women's Champions League (3)
OFC Women's Nations Cup (24)
OFC World Cup Qualifiers (28)
Olympic football (1)
Olympic Qualifiers (7)
Opinion (9)
Outside Oceania (6)
Pacific Games (18)
Palau (2)
Papua New Guinea (72)
Podcast (5)
Press Release (8)
Samoa (49)
Solomon Islands (79)
Tahiti (56)
Tonga (41)
Tuvalu (17)
U-17 World Cup (6)
U-20 World Cup (4)
Vanuatu (53)
Wallis & Futuna (1)
Women's Football (46)
You may have missed
Auckland City legend recalls Magic of Morocco
Krishna out for season with serious injury
Auckland set to play giants
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
Nations in Oceania Oceania Events Calendar National Leagues in Oceania The Podcast About Contact
FB
 
Twitter
Copyright Football in Oceania © All rights reserved. CoverNews by AF themes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballoceania.com/2024/06/27/live-new-zealand-v-tahiti-who-advances-to-the-final/ 
 ----- 
