Skip to content

Oceania Football Center

Blog
National Tournaments
International Tournaments
Database
Contact
All Whites dominates Tahiti to confirm favouritism and clinch berth at OFC Nations Cup grand final

New Zealand dominated Tahiti with a resounding 5-0 victory in the semi-final of the OFC Men’s Nations Cup at VFF Freshwater Stadium in Port Vila on Thursday, securing their place in the final. Coach Darren Bazeley made only one change to the squad that beat Vanuatu 4-0, reintroducing Ben Waine to replace Max Mata. Tahiti, under Samuel Garcia, had to make one forced change due to an injury to Eddy Kaspard, with Kevin Barbe stepping in, while Matatia Paama missed the match due to suspension.

Tahiti last triumphed over New Zealand in 1995, but their recent close encounter, a narrow 0-1 loss during the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, had given them some confidence. However, New Zealand swiftly took control of the match. Liberato Cacace’s early free-kick hit the post, allowing Finn Surman to score his first international goal in the eighth minute. Cacace continued to pressure Tahiti’s defense but was twice denied by the post.

Tahiti’s first real threat came after nearly 20 minutes when Tyler Bindon cleared a corner off the line, and Tauhiti Keck’s long-range effort went wide. New Zealand doubled their lead just before halftime, with Waine scoring from a Kostas Barbarouses assist. Barbarouses himself scored in injury time, ensuring New Zealand’s dominance.

New Zealand’s Ben Waine celebrates his goal – OFC Media

In the second half, Tahiti showed some resistance, with captain Teaonui Tehau coming close to scoring. However, New Zealand extended their lead further when Cacace set up Waine for his second goal, and Barbarouses added another, capitalizing on a rebound from an Alex Grieve attempt. Despite creating more chances, New Zealand couldn’t add to their tally, thanks to some last-ditch defending by Tahiti.

New Zealand now awaits the winner of the Fiji-Vanuatu semi-final to determine their opponent in the final on Sunday.

Discover more from Oceania Football Center

Subscribe to get the latest posts sent to your email.

Type your email…

Subscribe

Compartilhe isso:
TwitterFacebook
Loading...
Related
The OFC World Cup qualifiers’ semifinals are defined
26 de March de 2022

In "Articles"

Tahiti’s Eddy Kaspard to miss semifinal clash against New Zealand
26 de June de 2024

In "News"

Solomon Islands futsal dominance comes to an end as New Zealand progress to OFC Futsal Nations Cup grand final
5 de October de 2023

In "Futsal"

Posted by
Rafael Saltori27 de June de 2024
Posted in
New Zealand, News, Tahiti
Tags:
All WHites, New Zealand Football, OFC Nations Cup, Tahiti Football, Toa Aito
Post navigation
Previous Post
Previous post:

From Tailevu Naitasiri to the OFC Nations Cup: Mosese Nabose’s unyielding journey with the Bula Boys
Next Post
Next post:

Potential return to Fiji is on the horizon for Solomon Islands’ star striker Gagame Feni
Leave a comment
Oceania Football Center, 
Comment
 
Reblog
 
Subscribe
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://oceaniafootballcenter.org/2024/06/27/all-whites-dominates-tahiti-to-confirm-favouritism-and-clinch-berth-at-ofc-nations-cup-grand-final/ 
 ----- 
