New Zealand
World
Politics
Pacific
Te Ao Māori
Sport
Business
Country
Local Democracy Reporting
Comment & Analysis
In Depth
Weather
SPORT
27 Jun 2024
All Whites ease past Tahiti into Nations Cup final
3:12 pm on 27 June 2024 
Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In
	RNZ Sport
@RNZSport

New Zealand's Ben Waine celebrates his goal. Photo: Shane Wenzlick / Photosport

The All Whites secured their spot in the final of the OFC Nations Cup after a comfortable 5-0 victory over Tahiti in the semi-final in Port Vila on Thursday.

New Zealand coach Darren Bazeley made only one change from the team that beat Vanuatu 4-0, with Ben Waine returning to the starting line-up to replace Max Mata.

Tahiti also made one forced replacement, with Kevin Barbe coming in for the injured Eddy Kaspard, who had hoped to play in front his Vanuatu family connections. The other player with Vanuatu connections, Matatia Paama, also had to sit out the match due to his suspension from a red card against Papua New Guinea.

The last Tahiti victory over New Zealand was back in 1995, but Samual Garcia's team were drawing confidence from a narrow 0-1 loss in their last encounter during FIFA World Cup qualifying in 2022 in Qatar.

In the semi-final of that World Cup qualifying tournament, New Zealand struggled to break down the strong Tahitians, but on Thursday in Port Vila they quickly took the bit between the teeth.

Their early endeavour was rewarded after only eight minutes when Liberato Cacace's free-kick was tipped onto the post, straight into the path of Finn Surman to tap home the rebound for his first international goal in his fourth appearance.

Cacace, who had not scored a goal since the Tahiti match in 2022, must have been wondering if he would ever score when he was again denied by the post only minutes later.

Tahiti took nearly 20 minutes to threaten the New Zealand goal, when Tyler Bindon cleared a dangerous corner off the line and a brief moment later, Tauhiti Keck tried to catch out goalkeeper Max Crocombe, but his long-range effort drifted wide.

Tahiti's Tauhiti Keck New Zealand's Tyler Bindon. Photo: Shane Wenzlick / Photosport

New Zealand continued to create openings and finally got their reward on the stroke of half-time when a Kostas Barbarouses assist was expertly dispatched by Ben Waine for his third goal of the tournament.

The provider turned goalscorer in injury-time, after a mazy run by Cacace put the ball on a platter for Barbarouses, who gave goalkeeper Teave Teamotuatitau little chance and virtually guaranteed New Zealand a place in Sunday's final.

A few words of encouragement from Garcia at half-time spurred the Tahitians into action in the second period and captain Teaonui Tehau got agonisingly close to getting his team back into the contest, only to see his shot go over the crossbar.

Any hopes of a Tahiti comeback were extinguished when player of the match Cacace again stormed into the box and delivered a pinpoint cross for Waine to score his second brace of the tournament.

Barbarouses also got his double minutes later, following up on an initial attempt by substitute Alex Grieve which was blocked on the line, taking his tally to seven goals in 59 caps, across a staggering 18 seasons.

New Zealand should have increased their tally, but some desperate defending and poor finishing spared Tahiti's blushes.

Bazeley and his side will now wait to discover their opponents in the final, when Fiji take on Vanuatu in the day's second semi-final.

Tags: 
sport
Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In

Copyright © 2024, Radio New Zealand

Subscribe to RNZ's Daily Newsletter
View latest newsletter
NEXT STORY IN SPORT
Olympics 2024: Kiwi athletes to get some relief from Paris heat
RELATED STORIES
All Whites v Tahiti: NZ secures finals spot
27 Jun 2024

The All Whites have secured their spot in the OFC Men's Nations Cup final with massive victory over Tahiti.

All Whites v Tahiti: NZ secures finals spot
All Whites to face FIFA World Cup co-host the USA in Cincinnati
26 Jun 2024

The games are the final international friendlies the team will play before starting their FIFA World Cup 2026 qualifying campaign in October and November.

All Whites to face FIFA World Cup co-host the USA in Cincinnati
OFC Nations Cup: All Whites, Bula Boys head into semis undefeated
24 Jun 2024

New Zealand, Tahiti, Fiji and Vanuatu will play in the OFC Men's Nations Cup semifinals in Port Vila on Thursday.

OFC Nations Cup: All Whites, Bula Boys head into semifinals undefeated
All White signs big-money deal to join Nottingham Forest
22 Jun 2024

Promising All Whites midfielder Marko Stamenić has signed a five-year deal and will join New Zealand captain Chris Wood at English Premier League side Nottingham Forest.

All White signs big-money deal to join Nottingham Forest
SPORT
ASB Classic: Big names ready for action
Corica heralds Auckland response as A-League newcomers pull clear
Black Caps win first T20 as Sri Lanka capitulate
Get the RNZ app

for ad-free news and current affairs

 
TOP NEWS STORIES
Plane crashes on runway in South Korea, rescue underway
Two dead after crash on State Highway 1 north of Mangaweka
School chaplain Luke Walford killed while spearfishing in shark attack at Humpy Island
ASB Classic: Big names ready for action
The oddest news RNZ covered in 2024
Live sport

We have regular online commentary of local and international sport.

SUBSCRIBE
Subscribe to RNZ's Daily Newsletter
View latest newsletter

Sport RSS

Follow RNZ News
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.rnz.co.nz/news/sport/520694/all-whites-ease-past-tahiti-into-nations-cup-final 
 ----- 
