Advertisement
Live Breaking News:
Weather Forecast Today, January 5: Check Weather Updates, Rain Predictions for Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and Kolkata 5 January 2025 Horoscope: What Is the Zodiac Sign of People Celebrating Birthday Today? Know the Sun Sign, Lucky Colour and Number Prediction Golden Globes 2025: Date, Time, Host, Live Streaming, Presenters – Everything You Need to Know About The Prestigious Awards Ceremony
ENGLISH हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা తెలుగు தமிழ்
Sunday, January 05, 2025
       
Toggle Navigation
HomeSportsCricket
IND vs WI: Hope Communication Is Clear With Sanju Samson As There Is a Lack of Clarity, Says Robin Uthappa
Being constantly shifted up and down the order means Samson, who got a run of batting at No.4 just three times in 2020, is yet to get his rhythm in the format so far. The right-handed batter has found tremendous success as a top-order batter for Rajasthan Royals in the IPL but has made only 12 and 7 so far while batting at number six and five in the two T20Is in West Indies.
    
Cricket IANS| Aug 08, 2023 08:49 PM IST
A+
A-
Sanju Samson (Photo Credit: Twitter/@CricCrazyJohns)

Former India batter Robin Uthappa believes that Sanju Samson is not being used to his optimal best in the T20I format due to a lack of role clarity and is hoped that communication lines are clear with him on batting in an unfamiliar position in the ongoing series against the West Indies. Samson has often been used as a floater in the India T20I batting order, meaning that he hasn’t got a fixed batting position. Being constantly shifted up and down the order means Samson, who got a run of batting at No.4 just three times in 2020, is yet to get his rhythm in the format so far. Yashasvi Jaiswal Handed His T20I Debut During India vs West Indies 3rd T20I 2023

The right-handed batter has found tremendous success as a top-order batter for Rajasthan Royals in the IPL but has made only 12 and 7 so far while batting at number six and five in the two T20Is in West Indies.

“There is a lack of clarity as far as Sanju Samson is concerned. I wish the communication is clear with him because unfortunately the last time he was picked for the Indian team, he got injured (this year) and missed a couple of games. He had to then go back to the NCA and come back into the team. Now when he’s back in the squad, he’s batting at a spot which is not his natural position and where he had succeeded previously.”

“Suddenly, he’s thrown at the deep end and he’s going to be rated on how he performs in that position. I think that’s a little unfair to him and to everyone. If you throw Axar Patel to bat at the top of the order and ask him to score runs and deal with the new ball, he may not come off with a lot of success, unless he gets a certain number of games in that position,” said Uthappa, an expert for JioCinema, in a select virtual media interaction.

Uthappa, a member of India’s winning squad in the 2007 Men’s T20 World Cup, further elaborated on why Samson has to be given clarity in his batting position in T20Is, keeping in mind the broader picture.  Jaydev Unadkat, Shardul Thakur Set for Tie-Breaker To Be Picked in India's ICC World Cup 2023 Squad as Extra Pacer

“As team management, we see this role for you and we guarantee you that you will be playing this number of games in that position. He should be told that if you succeed in that position, then you will continue to play in that position. But say, if you are not able to succeed in that position, then we will look at somebody else who will fulfil that role as we have a World Cup coming up (in 2024).”

“Now, I hope for Sanju’s sake and the larger sake of the team as well, that he’s given that rope because you are not only sending a message to someone like Sanju; you are also sending a message to everyone across the board that when you do get to play for India, you may not get to bat at those positions that you generally bat at, which is completely fine.” ‘Whether or Not You Win the World Cup, Have To Defeat Pakistan’ Shikhar Dhawan Talks About Intensity of India vs Pakistan Rivalry Ahead of Asia Cup 2023 in Deleted Promo Video

“But if you do get to play in those positions, you may not get an extended run and that can cause added pressure. There’s enough pressure in international and in Indian cricket as you don’t get too much of an opportunity unless you are looked at as a blue-eyed boy and are seen as the future of Indian cricket.”

“I hope the communication is there with Sanju and I hope he gets a long rope because that would be fair, not just for Sanju, but for every number three batter who gets thrown in at number six, as it’s very hard to bat there and adjust to that position.”

Amidst India being 2-0 behind in the five-game series, young left-handed batter Tilak Varma has made a bright start to his T20I career, making 39 and 51 with his impressive strokeplay and calmness at the crease. Uthappa foresees Varma to be a long-term middle-order batting option in India’s future scheme of things. Start of India vs West Indies 3rd T20I 2023 Delayed As 30-Yard Circle Was Not Marked in Guyana’s Providence Stadium

“Most certainly, he will be someone India will be investing in as we need a left-handed batter in the middle order, and he can fill the gap beautifully. Just the way he approaches his cricket is very refreshing. He’s a player of this generation and always plays positively while trying to put the pressure back on the bowlers when playing T20 cricket.”

“He will have to get a little bit of exposure in One-day cricket. We need to wait and see if he gets that immediately now or after World Cup, as a left-handed batter in a middle order, will go a long way in one-day cricket. He’s someone who will be in future for sure, alongside the likes of Ruturaj Gaikwad, Shubman Gill and Yashasvi Jaiswal to be stalwarts of Indian cricket moving forward.”

(The above story first appeared on LatestLY on Aug 08, 2023 08:49 PM IST. For more news and updates on politics, world, sports, entertainment and lifestyle, log on to our website latestly.com).

 
Tags:
2023 India vs West Indies Ind vs WI IND vs WI T20I Series India vs West Indies IPL NCA Rajasthan Royals Robin Uthappa Sanju Samson
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
Cricket
MS Dhoni, Rishabh Pant, Shreyas Iyer in Focus as IPL 2025 Promises Another Exhilarating Season
Cricket
IPL 2024 Rewind: Milestones, Magic and Rising Stars Define Indian Premier League Season 17
Cricket
IND-W win by Five Wickets | India Women vs West Indies Women 3rd ODI 2024 Highlights: Richa Ghosh, Deepti Sharma Help Women in Blue Whitewash Hayley Matthews and Co
Cricket
India Women vs West Indies Women Free Live Streaming Online, 3rd ODI 2024: How to Watch IND-W vs WI-W Cricket Match Live Telecast on TV?
Trending Stories
Donald Trump
Viral Video
Lionel Messi
Bhoot Bangla
Rishabh Pant
Vidya Balan
NEXT
LATEST NEWS
TRENDING
Israel Carried Out 94 Airstrikes and Shelling on Gaza Strip in 3 Days Killing at Least 184, Says Hamas
5 January 2025 Horoscope: What Is the Zodiac Sign of People Celebrating Birthday Today? Know the Sun Sign, Lucky Colour and Number Prediction
Golden Globes 2025: Date, Time, Host, Live Streaming, Presenters – Everything You Need to Know About The Prestigious Awards Ceremony
Steve Smith Becomes Second Player to Be Dismissed on 9,999 Career Test Runs, Records Unwanted Feat During IND vs AUS 5th Test 2024-25
NYC: ‘MS Halal Food’ Cart Worker Catches Pigeon off Pavement With Bare Hands, Netizens Call for Action After ‘Disgusting’ Video Goes Viral
AUS 104/4 in 18.1 Overs (Target 162 Runs) | India vs Australia Live Score Updates of 5th Test 2024-25 Day 3: Mohammed Siraj Removes Usman Khawaja
READ MORE
SHORT VIDEOS
 Google Trends
Premier League
100K+ searches
Aubrey Plaza
5K+ searches
TODAY'S TRENDS
CRYPTOCURRENCY
FUEL
INR
USD
EUR
 
Bitcoin(BTC)
₹84,18,769
-0.09%
Ethereum(ETH)
₹3,12,074
1.17%
Tether(USDT)
₹85.76
0.00%
XRP(XRP)
₹204.86
-3.87%
VIEW ALL
EDITOR'S CHOICE
Ladki Bahin Yojana Benefits To Stop for ‘Ineligible’ Women, Maharashtra Government To Scrutinise List of Beneficiaries To Ensure Cash Payments Only To Eligible People
Tamil Nadu Government Holiday List For Pongal 2025: State Govt Employees to Enjoy Extended Holiday, Check Dates and Other Details Here
What Is Brushing Scam? How To Identify and Protect Yourself From Fraudsters Targeting Online Shoppers? All You Need To Know
Filmmaker Jeff Baena, Aubrey Plaza’s Husband, Dies by Suicide at 47: Reports
TRENDING TOPICS
Virat KohliRohit SharmaNarendra ModiSalman KhanBorder Gavaskar TrophyIPL Mega Auction 2025Bhool Bhulaiyaa 3Singham AgainBigg Boss 18India National Cricket TeamMaharashtra Election Result 2024Pushpa 2Jasprit Bumrah
INDIA
Politics
Information
Education
News
Elections
ENTERTAINMENT
Bollywood
Hollywood
TV
South
Korean
SPORTS
Cricket
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
Badminton
Hockey
LIFESTYLE
Food
Travel
Fashion
Health & Wellness
Festivals & Events
Relationships
HEADLINES
Authors
Fact Check
Science
Agency News
QuickLY
Trending
Crypto
WORLD
TECHNOLOGY
BUSINESS
AUTO
VIRAL
PHOTOS
VIDEOS
SOCIALLY
       
About Us | Terms Of Use | Contact Us | Investors
 

Copyright © Latestly.com All Rights Reserved.

 
AUS 104/4 in 18.1 Overs (Target 162 Runs) | India vs Australia Live Score Updates of 5th Test 2024-25 Day 3: Mohammed Siraj Removes Usman Khawaja
 
Fact Check: Did Jasprit Bumrah Use Sandpaper As Viral Video Shows Object Falling Out of His Shoe During BGT 2024-25? Here's The Truth
 
Why Are Indian and Australian Players Having Pink Logos and Numbers on Day 3 of IND vs AUS 5th Test 2024-25? Why Is Day 3 of SCG Test Called 'Jane McGrath Day'?
 
India vs Australia Free Live Streaming Online, 5th Test 2024-25 Day 3: How To Watch IND vs AUS Border-Gavaskar Trophy Cricket Match Live Telecast on TV?
Next
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latestly.com/sports/cricket/ind-vs-wi-hope-communication-is-clear-with-sanju-samson-as-there-is-a-lack-of-clarity-says-robin-uthappa-5326204.html 
 ----- 
