Responsible use of your data
We and our 915 partners process your personal data, e.g. your IP-number, using technology such as cookies to store and access information on your device in order to serve personalized ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience research and services development. You have a choice in who uses your data and for what purposes. You can change or withdraw your consent any time from the Cookie Declaration or by clicking on the Privacy trigger icon.

If you allow, we would also like to:
Collect information about your geographical location which can be accurate to within several meters
Identify your device by actively scanning it for specific characteristics (fingerprinting)
Find out more about how your personal data is processed and set your preferences in the details section.

We use cookies and similar technologies ("cookies") to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. This includes essential, functionality, performance and advertising purposes.
Show details
Use necessary cookies only
Allow all cookies
Log in

1 MINUTE READ

Pooran fined 15% of match fee for breaching ICC Code of Conduct

from Guyana Chronicle E-Paper 08-08-2023

by Guyana Chronicle

Next Article
Johnathon Van Lange, Inks Deal with Leading Edge Sports Store

West Indies’ Nicholas Pooran was fined 15 per cent of his match fee for breaching the Level 1 ICC Code of Conduct in the second T20I against India. Pooran flouted Article 2.7 of the ICC Code of Conduct for Players and Player Support Personnel, which relates to public criticism in relation to an incident occurring in an international match.

The incident occurred following the review of an LBW decision in the fourth over of the India innings. Pooran criticised the umpires for having to use up a player review for a decision which he thought was clearly not out. There was no need for a formal hearing after Pooran admitted to the offence and accepted the sanctions levelled by on-field umpires Leslie Reifer and Nigel Duguid, third umpire Gregory Brathwaite and fourth official Patrick Gustard and proposed by match refer- ee Richie Richardson.

In addition, one demerit point has been added to Pooran’s disciplinary record, which was his first offence in a 24-month period.

Level 1 breaches carry a minimum penalty, a maximum penalty of 50% deduction from a player’s match fee, and the addition of one or two demerit points to the player’s record.

Pooran played a crucial role with the bat in West Indies’ win in the second T20I that put them 2-0 up in the fivematch series. Chasing 153 to win, the former skipper smashed a 40ball 67, coming into bat in the first over after West Indies lost two wickets.

Despite India’s rallying back with the ball later, West Indies’ ninth-wicket pairing of Alzarri Joseph and Akeal Hossein took their side to victory with an over to spare. (ICC)

More articles from this publication:
Johnathon Van Lange, Inks Deal with Leading Edge Sports Store
4min
page 22
England win shootout to scrape into quarter-finals
5min
page 21
Dottin fails but Orginals post first win
2min
pages 20-21
Jamaica coach prepared for a ‘boxing’ match with Colombia
2min
page 20
Rutherford named player of the series as Montreal Tigers claim Global...
1min
pages 19-20
England win shootout to scrape into...
2min
page 19
Students’ mental health awareness, support celebrated
2min
pages 13-17
Vettori replaces Lara as the head coach of IPL team Sunrisers Hyderabad
2min
page 23
Dreams to turn reality as Kares T10 heads to National Stadium on August 12
4min
page 23
Show more
This article is from:
Guyana Chronicle E-Paper 08-08-2023


Issuu Inc.

Create once,
share everywhere.

Issuu turns PDFs and other files into interactive flipbooks and engaging content for every channel.

English
English
Deutsch
Company
About us
Careers
Plans & Pricing
Press
Blog
Contact
Issuu Platform
Content Types
Features
Flipbook
Industries
Resources
Developers
Publisher Directory
Redeem Code
TermsPrivacyDMCAAccessibilityCookie Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://issuu.com/guyanachroniclee-paper/docs/guyana_chronicle_e-paper_08-08-2023/s/29487797 
 ----- 
