ENG 
Select Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
West Indies vs India, 2nd T20I: Hardik Pandya And Co. Aim For Improved Death Overs Batting
Settings
Change Font Size
A
A
Change Language
हिंदी | Hindi
Focus On Story
Select Language 
Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
Search
Featured Links
Australia vs India
Champions Trophy 2025
CT Schedule
EPL Table
EPL Schedule
Featured Sports
Cricket
Football
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Golf
Badminton
More Sports
Kabaddi
NBA
Boxing
Athletics
Chess
Swimming
Shooting
Wrestling
Table tennis
Othersports
More From NDTV
NDTV
Business
Hindi
Movies
Cricket
Health
Food
Tech
Auto
Apps
Trains
Art
India vs West Indies
12 Jul 23 to 13 Aug 23
Scoreboard
News
Photos
Videos
Fixtures
Teams
Players
Venues
Results
More 
Stats
Cricket Matches
Cricket Matches
Football Matches
All Matches
India Matches
India vs West Indies
5th T20I, India in West Indies, 5 T20I Series, 2023 at Florida, Aug 13, 2023
West Indies
171/2 (18.0)
India
165/9 (20.0)
West Indies beat India by 8 wickets
4th T20I, India in West Indies, 5 T20I Series, 2023 at Florida, Aug 12, 2023
West Indies
178/8 (20.0)
India
179/1 (17.0)
India beat West Indies by 9 wickets
3rd T20I, India in West Indies, 5 T20I Series, 2023 at Guyana, Aug 8, 2023
West Indies
159/5 (20.0)
India
164/3 (17.5)
India beat West Indies by 7 wickets
Sports Home West Indies Vs India 2023 News West Indies Vs India 2nd T20I Hardik Pandya And Co Aim For Improved Death Overs Batting
 
West Indies vs India, 2nd T20I: Hardik Pandya And Co. Aim For Improved Death Overs Batting
A boundary was the difference between the two teams in the opening game in Tarouba where West Indies prevailed on a slow batting track.
Press Trust of India
Updated: August 06, 2023 04:31 pm IST
Read Time: 3 min
Tilak Varma looked ready for international cricket during his knock of 39 in 1st T20I.
© AFP

India's most sought after IPL stars will have a reputation to defend and parity to restore when they take on a quality West Indies side in the second T20 International of the five-match series on Sunday. A boundary was the difference between the two teams in the opening game in Tarouba where West Indies prevailed on a slow batting track with an impressive bowling effort at the back-end. The T20I series is of little consequence in an ODI World Cup year but skipper Hardik Pandya along with his deputy Suryakumar Yadav would expect to put a far improved batting show -- both individually as well as collectively.

The duo along with Ishan Kishan, Shubman Gill and Sanju Samson are all looking at the ODI World Cup but no one would mind a few good knocks which will give them some confidence ahead of the Asia Cup.

Save debutant Tilak Varma, who looked ready for international cricket during his knock of 39, the Indian batting with IPL prima donnas earning fat pay cheques, flattered to deceive.

However, with five T20s being played in a period of nine days, involving three countries (Trinidad and Tobago, Guyana and United States), it is also imperative that the likes of skipper Hardik, openers Gill and Kishan, spinner Kuldeep Yadav get adequate rest keeping the big picture in mind.

Playing so many T20 games on the bounce with little rest and lot of travelling won't do them any good even if one considers that this is not an ageing team like the ODI outfit.

This T20 series against the West Indies gives India the best chance to check out their shortest format options as it would become important next year with the World Cup being held in the Americas (West Indies and United States).

Hence, trying out last IPL edition's sensation Yashasvi Jaiswal during the series if not the second game wouldn't be a bad option.

ADVERTISEMENT

A better batting effort in the back-10 would be top priority at a venue where the West Indies haven't had a great T20I record. Out of 11 matches played at this ground, three didn't produce result due to rain and in the remaining eight, West Indies lost five games.

But despite their declining standards in the two traditional formats, West Indies in T20 cricket remain a force to reckon with as they produce the maximum premium 'Guns for Hire' in the franchise market after Australia.

The Nicholas Poorans, Kyle Mayers, Shimron Hetmyers, Rovman Powells, Romario Shepherds are on even keel, at least in this format and hence the Indian team will find this particular outfit toughest to beat in current circumstances.

For India, Suryakumar would want to get a big one in his pet format and regain a bit of confidence that has eroded because of a lean patch in the ODIs.

ADVERTISEMENT

Ditto for Samson, a perennial underachiever at the international level despite the talent that he possesses. He will be travelling to Ireland after this series and hence would be looking to add runs under his belt.

Among bowlers, Yuzvendra Chahal has fallen off a bit in ODI pecking order and he will have a point to prove if he gets an opportunity in all five games.

Arshdeep Singh is a work-in-progress as far as death overs bowling is concerned while Mukesh Kumar is reaping rewards for his good show throughout the tour.

But at some point, both Avesh Khan and Umran Malik, the two tearaway quicks need to be given an opportunity and see if they can become the X-factor on docile tracks.

Teams (from): India: Ishan Kishan (wk), Shubman Gill, Yashasvi Jaiswal, Tilak Varma, Suryakumar Yadav (vc), Sanju Samson (wk), Hardik Pandya (c), Axar Patel, Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav, Ravi Bishnoi, Arshdeep Singh, Umran Malik, Avesh Khan, Mukesh Kumar.

West Indies: Rovman Powell (c), Kyle Mayers (vc), Johnson Charles, Roston Chase, Shimron Hetmyer, Jason Holder, Shai Hope, Akeal Hosein, Alzarri Joseph, Brandon King, Obed McCoy, Nicholas Pooran, Romario Shepherd, Odean Smith, Oshane Thomas.

Listen to the latest songs, only on JioSaavn.com

Match starts at 8 pm IST.

(This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)

Comments
TOPICS MENTIONED IN THIS ARTICLE
India Cricket Team
West Indies Cricket Team
Tilak Varma
Shubman Gill
Ishan Kishan
West Indies Vs India, 2023
West Indies Vs India, 2nd T20I
Cricket
Get the Latest Cricket Updates, Check India Tour of Australia 2024-25, Results, News and IPL 2025 Mega Auction Updates at NDTV Sports. Like Us On Facebook Or Follow Us On Twitter For More Sports Updates. You Can Also Download The NDTV Cricket App For Android Or iOS.
Related Articles
R Ashwin Shares MS Dhoni's Quote As Critics Target Indian Team Over West Indies Series Result
"Kids Look Great Playing Against Kids": Sunil Gavaskar's Intriguing Take On India's T20I Series Loss
"Lost To A Team That Didn't Qualify For World Cup": R Ashwin's Message For Those Criticising India On These Lines
Indian Cricket Team Captain Hardik Pandya "Work In Progress", Batter Pandya 'Needs Runs': Ex-Star Raises Concerns
"Play Rinku Singh Instead...": India Star On Sanju Samson And Why Middle-order Is "Not The Right Place" For Him

Advertisement

Advertisement

ICC Rankings
Test Ranking
ODI Ranking
T20 Ranking
Team
Batting
Bowling
All Rounder
Rank
 
Team
 
Rating
1 
 
Australia
 124
2 
 
India
 111
3 
 
South Africa
 105
4 
 
England
 103
5 
 
New Zealand
 100
View Team Rankings
Last updated on 03 November 2024

Advertisement

Advertisement

Trending Links
Paralympics 2024
Jay Shah
Virat Kohli
Paralympics Medal Tally
India's Schedule Paralympics 2024
Rohit Sharma
Follow us on:
CRICKET
Live Scores
Series
Fixtures
Results
News
Photos
Videos
Features
Teams
Players
Venues
ICC Ranking
FOOTBALL
ISL 2022-23
EPL 2022-23
News
Features
Photos
Fixtures
Results
Videos
Teams
Players
Matchcentre
MORE SPORTS
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Badminton
Golf
Nba
Kabaddi
Shooting
Swimming
Table Tennis
Advertise
About Us
Feedback
Disclaimer
Investor
Complaint Redressal
Careers
Contact Us
This website follows the DNPA Code of Ethics © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2025. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.ndtv.com/west-indies-vs-india-2023/west-indies-vs-india-2nd-odi-hardik-pandya-and-co-aim-for-improved-death-overs-batting-4271294 
 ----- 
