Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
LIVE
Death toll in raging LA wildfires continues to rise as blaze tears through city
MLB
Diamondbacks pitching coach Brent Strom rips Mets broadcasters: ‘They’re idiots’
By Andrew Battifarano
Published Sep. 14, 2023, 12:43 a.m. ET
96
EXPLORE MORE
Felix Mantilla, member of original 1962 Mets, dead at 90
Nationals sign former glove-throwing Mets reliever Jorge Lopez
Pete Alonso, Mets remain locked in contract talks

The Diamondbacks’ coaching staff had a clear message for the Mets broadcasting crew on Wednesday — don’t question us.

During Monday’s game between the Mets and Arizona, the Dbacks led 4-3 and let speedy Tim Locastro, who was the potential game-winning run on first base, easily swipe second without even holding him on.

SNY play-by-play man Gary Cohen could not believe what he had seen, calling the move “boneheaded.”

That’s the winning run. Are you kidding me?” Cohen said. “What are they thinking? How do you allow the winning run to steal second base? That is as bonehead a managerial decision as I’ve seen all year long. Unreal.”

Keith Hernandez said: “Oh, wow. Oh, my. Oh, my God. Oh, wow.”

The move didn’t come back to haunt the Diamondbacks, who won the game 4-3.

3
Diamondbacks pitching coach Brent Strom called out the Mets’ broadcasters.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

And speaking to reporters on Wednesday, pitching coach Brent Strom had some words for the Mets’ broadcasting duo.

“I think [manager] Torey [Lovullo] made a very, very good choice of playing behind Locastro, despite what the really smart Cohen and Hernandez group had to say, because I think they’re idiots for what they said,” Strom said, according to The Arizona Republic.

Strom and the Diamondbacks have defended the move to allow Locastro to get second, even if he could’ve scored the winning run from scoring position for two reasons: Locastro is fast and could easily swipe second, and Nimmo has the propensity to hit ground balls to the right side.

3
Gary Cohen called the decision “boneheaded.”
Robert Sabo for NY Post

If the Dbacks held Locastro on first, the team argued that Nimmo could’ve tied the game with a single through the hole on the right side.

But by playing off the base and not holding a runner on, they took away the hole between first and second.

3
Keith Hernandez seemed stunned by the move Monday.
Bill Greenblatt/UPI/Shutterstock
96

What do you think? Post a comment.

“What if we’re holding him on and (Nimmo) hits a 22-hopper, a left-handed pull hitter with a right-handed pitcher, if the left-handed hitter hits a 22-hopper into right field?” Strom asked. “Now we have first and third again. It was just worth it to roll the dice with it.”

No such moves came into play Wednesday night as the Mets waltzed to a 7-1 win over Arizona.

FILED UNDER ARIZONA DIAMONDBACKS  GARY COHEN  KEITH HERNANDEZ  NEW YORK METS  SNY  9/14/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/14/diamondbacks-brent-strom-rips-mets-broadcasters-for-criticism/ 
 ----- 
