Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
New York Jets
Jets fan's disrespectful water bottle toss at Zach Wilson after victory draws mom's ire

Zach Wilson's Monday night performance, which ended with an unexpected shower of not confetti, but a water bottle.

Zach Wilson takes the lead as the New York Jets quarterback after Aaron Rodgers injuryLAPRESSE
LW
13/09/2023 - 19:20 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Vikings vs. Eagles Week 2: Best prop bets and picks for Thursday Night Football
NFL. NFLPA calls on Roger Goodell to replace turf for natural grass in all NFL stadiums

The New York Jets' quarterback found himself thrust into the spotlight after an unfortunate injury sidelined Aaron Rodgers just three plays into the game. Wilson stepped up to the plate, leading the Jets to a dramatic win. Despite his heroic efforts, it seems not everyone in the home crowd was ready to embrace the embattled QB.

A video circulating on social media captured the moment when a fan decided to express their feelings by hurling a water bottle at Wilson as he made his way off the field. The projectile narrowly missed the third-year quarterback's head, leading to a bemused laugh of disbelief from Wilson himself. He quickly brushed it off, offering a teammate a high five in the locker room tunnel.

However, someone who was far from thrilled with the incident was none other than Wilson's mother, Lisa. Taking to her own social media, Lisa expressed her dismay at the disrespectful act directed at her son.

"That happened after they won the game," she wrote, her frustration evident. "Hit him right in the head. Awesome."

Screenshot of Zach Wilson's mother Instagram storiesInstagram @lifeaccording2lisa
Momma bear will not stand abuse of baby cub Zac Wilson

Lisa didn't stop there; she reshared a clip of the water bottle toss, condemning Jets fans as a "horrible fanbase" in the process.

In her subsequent Instagram stories on Tuesday, Lisa candidly shared her thoughts on Wilson's unexpected performance and the rollercoaster of emotions that came with it.

MORE in MARCA
Experts warn...
Marca
Jennifer Lopez ...
Marca

"I thought this was going to be a year of development and growing and learning, and we were all going to get to sit and watch this amazing connection that Zach and Aaron have," she revealed. "Aaron has been so, so good to Zach, and he has been just really such an amazing support and just holding his hand through all of it, and he's been learning so much and that quickly came to an end."

Zach Wilson's mom tribute to Aaron RodgersInstagram @lifeaccording2lisa

Her heart went out to Aaron Rodgers, whom she knows loves the game deeply. She commended her son's remarkable effort, despite having had limited playtime throughout the week.

NFL - English
New York Jets - English
Zach Wilson - English
New York JetsAaron Rodgers injured on first Jets drive: ruled OUT, leaves in walking boot
New York JetsCoach Robert Saleh to doubters: Don't write an obituary on the Jets
New York JetsZach Wilson's family sends love and support to injured Aaron Rodgers
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/new-york-jets/2023/09/14/65024eb0ca4741917a8b4605.html 
 ----- 
