Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
6 months ago
SportFootball
Spain v Italy LIVE: Result and reaction as Nico Williams skill forces own goal winner in Euro 2024 clash

Spain 1-0 Italy: Riccardo Calafiori’s own goal sends Spain into the knockout rounds

Jamie Braidwood
Arena AufSchalke
,
Lawrence Ostlere
Thursday 20 June 2024 17:46 EDT
0
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
'We are too comfortable' - Spalletti irritated despite Euro 2024 opening win
Your support helps us to tell the story
SUPPORT NOW

From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging.

At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story.

The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it.

Your support makes all the difference.
Read more

Riccardo Calafiori’s own goal handed Spain a 1-0 victory over defending champions Italy as they booked their place in the last 16 at Euro 2024.

The defender’s misfortune 10 minutes after the break ultimately settled the Group B contest in Gelsenkirchen, although had it not been for the heroics of keeper Gianluigi Donnarumma, who made a string of fine saves, and the crossbar, which denied the impressive Nico Williams a deserved goal, the Spaniards would have prevailed in some comfort.

Spain would have been ahead within two minutes had Donnarumma not managed to tip Pedri’s header from Williams’ pinpoint cross over his bar, and the traffic was very much one-way throughout most of the game.

Relive the updates from Spain v Italy below.

RECOMMENDED
Nico Williams lights up Spain and gives Euro 2024 a flash of something unmissable
Spain vs Italy player ratings: Pedri and Nico Williams the stars as La Roja win Euro 2024 Group B
Just when you think you’ve seen it all, Euro 2024 offers something new with Spain and Italy duel
SPAIN VS ITALY
Spain defeat Italy in heavyweight Group B clash and qualify for last-16
REPORT: Nico Williams lights up Spain and gives Euro 2024 a flash of something unmissable
ANALYSIS: Just when you think you’ve seen it all, Euro 2024 offers something new with Spain and Italy duel
RATINGS: Pedri and Nico Williams the stars as La Roja win Euro 2024 Group B
Albania and Croatia played out a 2-2 draw, putting Spain and Italy in a strong position
55’ GOAL! - Calafiori’s own goal puts Spain into the lead (ESP 1-0 ITA)
Pinned
Nico Williams lights up Spain and gives Euro 2024 a flash of something unmissable

As Nico Williams weighed up Giovanni Di Lorenzo in the early moments of the second half on a charged evening in Gelsenkirchen, the Italy defender must have felt as if his night was never going to end.

Williams had been everywhere but still had one more trick: Italy had compromised their gameplan in an attempt to finally subdue the thrilling Spain winger, but Williams carried the spirit of this young team and simply went again as he found the avenue to his left.

A moment that had been building since kick-off finally arrived as Williams produced the cross that led to Riccardo Calafiori’s own goal.

By the end, Spain had battered Italy 1-0.

Nico Williams lights up Spain and gives Euro 2024 a flash of something unmissable

Spain 1-0 Italy: The 21-year-old Williams was electric as the Spanish dominated the reigning European champions in one of the performances of the tournament so far

Mike Jones20 June 2024 22:41
Pinned
Just when you think you’ve seen it all, Euro 2024 offers something new with Spain and Italy duel

Just when you think Euro 2024 has given you a bit of everything, it gives you something new. Because Spain’s Group B clash with Italy, the tournament’s first meeting of major footballing nations, was certainly different to every game that came before it.

Just one hour earlier, a rematch of one of the 2021 semi-finals had concluded – England drawing with Denmark – and Thursday’s late game carried the same status, but greater prestige.

Other games in Germany this week had felt like big ‘occasions’, but this felt like the first big match, in a purely sporting tense. It was as if this was a semi-final.

Just when you think you’ve seen it all, Euro 2024 offers something new

Spain 1-0 Italy: This was the first meeting of major footballing nations at Euro 2024, and it delivered – but in a unique way

Mike Jones20 June 2024 22:01
6 months ago
Gary Neville on Spain’s performance:

“Spain could have been two or three up at half-time. They weren’t ruthless at the last tournament, is that going to carry on to this one and is it going to cost them in the end?

“They should be scoring more goals with some of the football they are playing, which is outstanding.”

Mike Jones20 June 2024 22:11
6 months ago
Spain vs Italy player ratings: Pedri and Nico Williams the stars as La Roja win Euro 2024 Group B

Spain won their second match at Euro 2024 by beating Italy 1-0, ensuring they’ll top Group B regardless of the final round of games.

La Roja were dominant throughout and actually wasted three or four great chances to open the scoring before Riccardo Calafiore turned a Nico Williams cross into his own net. It leaves Italy second, with Croatia and Albania both on a point apiece ahead of the final round of games.

Here are the player ratings for both teams from the match:

Spain vs Italy ratings: Pedri and Williams the stars in La Roja win

An own goal decided the match which leaves Italy still needing a result next time out

Mike Jones20 June 2024 22:03
6 months ago
FT Spain 1-0 Italy

Group B standings:

Spain - 6 points

Italy - 3 points

Albania - 1 point

Croatia - 1 point

Mike Jones20 June 2024 22:00
6 months ago
Full-time! Spain 1-0 Italy

90+4 mins: There goes the final whistle!

Spain get over the line against Italy and qualify for the last-16. Gianluigi Donnarumma had to come up with a couple of last ditch saves towards the end of the game but Italy couldn’t capitalise.

Spain’s goal was fortuitous but they deserved the victory and now sit top of Group B on their own.

Mike Jones20 June 2024 21:54
6 months ago
Spain 1-0 Italy

90 mins: Four minutes of added time to play. Will Spain close this game out or is there a way back for Italy?

Mike Jones20 June 2024 21:49
6 months ago
Spain 1-0 Italy

86 mins: Italy win a corner with most of the target men gathered by the back post. The delivery comes to the near one and gets flicked on but Unai Simon plucks the ball out of the air and calms things down for Spain.

Mike Jones20 June 2024 21:44
6 months ago
Spain 1-0 Italy

83 mins: This is good work from Spain. Ayoze Perez makes a weaving run down the left wing and keeps possession for as long as he can.

When Italy win it back Spain are sat ready to defend with a fluid, compact shape.

Mike Jones20 June 2024 21:42
6 months ago
Spain 1-0 Italy

80 mins: Alvaro Morata and Nico Williams now make their way off the pitch for Spain. They’ve both played pivotal parts in getting their team into the lead but will miss the final 10 minutes of this close encounter.

Replacing them are Ayoze Perez and Mikel Oyarzabal.

Mike Jones20 June 2024 21:37
Newer
1
 / 7
Older
More aboutItaly FootballSpain footballLamine YamalEuro 2024
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/football/spain-italy-euro-2024-live-stream-score-result-2024-b2565311.html 
 ----- 
