European Championship

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
European Championship, Group Stage - Group B - Matchweek 2
ESP
1
Thu Jun 20
FT
0
ITA
R. Calafiori 55' (OG)
2.02
xG
0.16
Match
Live Blog
Discuss
Timeline
How Spain overcame Italy at Euro 2024 on Thursday
Follow live reaction to Spain’s 1-0 victory over Italy at the European Championship
Darren Richman
June 21, 2024 at 3:08 AM UTC
(Getty Images)
June 20, 2024 at 9:23 PM UTC
Patrick Jennings
How Spain overcame Italy at Euro 2024

Meetings between Spain and Italy rarely disappoint and this one was no exception — even if it was an own goal that decided the contest.

Spain manager Luis de la Fuente described Thursday’s Euro 2024 Group B match as a “European Clasico” in the build-up, and his players certainly came out motivated to impress.

They completely dominated the first half, and Italy only went in level at half-time thanks to several key saves from goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma.

After the break, Spain’s luck changed and they finally found the goal they’d been pushing for when Italy defender Riccardo Calafiori turned into his own net after Donnarumma palmed out an Alvaro Morata header.

Defending champions Italy tried to respond but, in truth, the margin of defeat might have been greater — especially if Athletic Bilbao winger Nico Williams’ stunning curling strike from outside the box had gone in with 20 minutes to play. Instead, it hit the bar.

Victory sees Spain progress to the knockout stage as group winners, while for Italy it’s all to play for against Croatia on Monday.

Below, The Athletic’s Dermot Corrigan, Mark Carey and James Horncastle take us through the talking points of a pulsating encounter in Gelsenkirchen…

GO FURTHER

Spain 1 Italy 0: Calafiori own goal settles ‘European Clasico’, Nico Williams shines

June 20, 2024 at 9:16 PM UTC
Dermot Corrigan
·
La Liga Correspondent
Morata: ‘They have a top goalkeeper’

Getty Images

Alvaro Morata has just been interviewed on LA 1. He said: “The fans here were incredible again, we hope they stay with us, we need them. We are happy, we played a great game against a top national team who created very little against us. The result could have been different, but they have a top keeper, one of the best in the world. So we are very happy with the win, and all the chances we made.”

June 20, 2024 at 9:12 PM UTC
Dermot Corrigan
·
La Liga Correspondent
Nico Williams: ‘We worked like animals’

Getty Images

Nico Williams has just been interviewed on Spanish TV station La 1.

“Very happy, a really complete game, the team worked like animals. That is what we were looking for. We already showed against Croatia we wanted to win these Euros, and we did it again tonight.

“We knew the game would be difficult. Italy defended well, but we had a lot of shots and deserved to win.

“I have a great understanding with Cucurella, he has his role in all this too, helps me a lot on the pitch. The mister asks me to take people on, to be myself, and today I showed that.”

June 20, 2024 at 9:07 PM UTC
Dermot Corrigan
·
La Liga Correspondent
Nico Williams player of the match

Getty Images

Nico Williams has unsurprisingly been named player of the match by the UEFA panel.

UEFA’s Technical Observer Panel said: “(A) constant threat every time he had the ball. Positive in all 1v1 situations. Some good regains and solid defensively.”

June 20, 2024 at 9:02 PM UTC
Dermot Corrigan
·
La Liga Correspondent
A job well done for Cucurella

Getty Images

Big roar from Cucurella as Spain see out the late Italian spell of pressure for win which qualifies them for the last 16.

Cucurella was not tipped to even be in the squad a few months ago, and most thought Bayer Leverkusen's Alex Grimaldo would be first choice, but Chelsea left-back's been really good in both games.

June 20, 2024 at 8:56 PM UTC
Darren Richman
It ends 1-0 to Spain

Getty Images

Somehow Spain ended up hanging on with Donnarumma coming up for a corner at the death and causing no ends of problems but justice is done and Spain get all three points.

Were it not for the Italian goalkeeper, this could have been a genuine thrashing. Spain are through and Italy have some work to do to get out of this group.

June 20, 2024 at 8:52 PM UTC
Darren Richman
Another fine save

90+2' Spain 1-0 Italy

Pérez skins two men on the left, cuts inside and tries to beat Donnarumma but it's a fine save at the near post.

Moments later and he's called on again and is once again up to the job, saving well.

Di Lorenzo has had a torrid time out there.

June 20, 2024 at 8:52 PM UTC
Dermot Corrigan
·
La Liga Correspondent
Di Lorenzo’s night ending on a sour note

Getty Images

Di Lorenzo thought it’d get easier when Nico went off, but on came Ayoze Perez to beat him twice in two minutes, including one nutmeg, and go straight for goal. That resulted in two more saves from Donnarumma, who has been the only man between Italy and a real hammering tonight.

June 20, 2024 at 8:49 PM UTC
Darren Richman
There will be 4 minutes of added time

90' Spain 1-0 Italy

One can't help but feel 40 minutes wouldn't be enough for Italy to find a goal here.

June 20, 2024 at 8:45 PM UTC
Darren Richman
Italy running out of time

Getty Images

86' Spain 1-0 Italy

Tempers fray as Italy win a corner late in the game.

They have produced absolutely nothing in open play and it's not been much better from set pieces. This has been all Spain despite the fact that an own goal is all that separates the sides.

June 20, 2024 at 8:38 PM UTC
Darren Richman
Another double change for Spain

Getty Images

78' Italy 1-0 Spain

Morata is replaced by Oyarzabal while Pérez comes on for the magnificent Nico Williams.

June 20, 2024 at 8:35 PM UTC
Darren Richman
Italy have been poor

Getty Images

74' Spain 1-0 Italy

Spain are on course to beat Italy in three successive matches for the first time in their history and they've simply been better in every single department.

Pellegrini's free-kick is blasted high and wide and that just about sums up Italy's night.

June 20, 2024 at 8:33 PM UTC
Pol Ballús
·
Football Writer, FC Barcelona
Form an orderly queue, European clubs…

Getty Images

I wonder how many clubs will deposit Nico Williams’ release clause at La Liga's headquarters by the end of the week.

What a hit, son!

June 20, 2024 at 8:32 PM UTC
Darren Richman
Williams hits the bar!

71' Spain 1-0 Italy

Federico Chiesa is replaced by Mattia Zaccagni while Gianluca Scamacca makes way for Mateo Retegui.

Le Normand is shown a yellow card for a poor challenge.

A stunning strike from Williams rattles the bar after he cuts inside from the left. He has been sublime tonight, a constant threat on that left flank.

For Spain, it's also a double substitution. Pedri and Yamal off, Torres and Baena on.

June 20, 2024 at 8:25 PM UTC
Pol Ballús
·
Football Writer, FC Barcelona
Lamine Yamal a fan favourite

Getty Images

Lamine Yamal is playing with such freedom. He’s not afraid to be his side’s go-to-man, even at the tender age of 16.

He just made his trademark run from inside the left and curled a shot millimetres past Donnarumma's far post. That would have been one of the goals to the tournament.

After watching his shot whistle so narrowly wide he implored the Spanish crowd to make even more noise by waving his hands. It will only make him even more loved.

June 20, 2024 at 8:21 PM UTC
Darren Richman
Spain almost double their lead

60' Spain 1-0 Italy

Morata has his effort tipped over by Donnarumma and Spain go close from the resulting corner with Cambiosa clearing off the line.

Moments later and Yamal looks to bend it into the far corner with the Italian goalkeeper at full stretch. It's just wide but the teenager is having the time of his life, gesticulating to the crowd in a game he's dominating.

June 20, 2024 at 8:17 PM UTC
Dermot Corrigan
·
La Liga Correspondent
Own-goal club strikes again

Calafiori joins the own-goals club at this Euros — bit unfortunate with the touches from both Morata and Donnarumma.

But a deserved lead from Spain, with the goal coming from yet another Nico Williams run and cross.

GO FURTHER

Celebrating Own Goal, Euro 2024’s leading goalscorer

June 20, 2024 at 8:16 PM UTC
Darren Richman
Spain take the lead!

Getty Images

55' Spain 1-0 Italy

It was always going to come from that left hand side and the sound of Blur's Song 2 means the deadlock has been broken.

It's another Euro 2024 own goal, in off Calafiori's knee after Morata flicked on the Williams cross. It was fortunate but it's impossible to say it's not a deserved lead for Spain.

June 20, 2024 at 8:12 PM UTC
Darren Richman
Pedri goes close again

Getty Images

52' Spain 0-0 Italy

It's another huge chance for Pedri and he really should do better.

Cucurella cut the ball back after some fine work from Williams again but Pedri somehow put it wide. How are the Spanish not winning this game?

June 20, 2024 at 8:10 PM UTC
Dermot Corrigan
·
La Liga Correspondent
Cristante throwing himself around already

Getty Images

Cristante immediately showing what Italy reckon they have to do to disrupt Spain in this half, with Rodri taking the brunt.

Spanish minds will immediately go back to previous meetings, when the Italians found a way to stop them playing, like when Luis Enrique's nose was broken at WC94.

Load more updates
National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/live-blogs/spain-italy-live-updates-euro-2024-score-result/eKB0ZfFUSTyI/ 
 ----- 
