Arab News Friday .  December 27, 2024
Search
 
     
 LIVE 'FACILITATE ACCESS TO HUMANITARIAN AID' IN FAMINE-HIT SUDAN, POPE SAYS
×
LATEST NEWS
Lifestyle
Middle-East
Sport
Saudi Arabia
Israel hospital says woman killed in stabbing attack in coastal city
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
Playing Italy like ‘looking in a mirror’, says Spain’s De la Fuente
Playing Italy like ‘looking in a mirror’, says Spain’s De la Fuente
This combination of pictures created on June 17, 2024 shows Italy’s head coach Luciano Spalletti and Spain’s head coach Luis de La Fuente. Spain will face Italy at the Arena AufSchalke in Gelsenkirchen on Jun. 20, 2024. (AFP)
Short Url

https://arab.news/76tn8

“They’re very similar to us, they have changed coach and they have young players,” De la Fuente told reporters
“I think it will be a very high quality match“
Updated 19 June 2024
AFP
June 19, 2024 23:36
224
     
 Follow

GELSENKIRCHEN, Germany: Luis de la Fuente said on Wednesday he was struck by the similarities between his Spain team and Italy as the pair aim to secure qualification for the knockout stage of Euro 2024.
La Roja and champions Italy have undergone a change in playing personnel over the last year, and have young blood throughout their squads.
Spain are more direct than under previous coach Luis Enrique while Luciano Spalletti is attempting get Italy to play a high-intensity attacking style with which he won the Serie A title for Napoli.
“They’re very similar to us, they have changed coach and they have young players. They are very competitive,” De la Fuente told reporters.
“It’s almost like we’re looking in a mirror actually. We are a growing, developing team which is working on cohesion and consistency and so are they. I think it will be a very high quality match.”
Spain have faced Italy at each of the last four Euros and meet in Gelsenkirchen on Thursday where both teams can ensure top spot in Group B with a win.
They are locked on three points at the top of the group, two ahead of Albania and Croatia who played out an exciting 2-2 draw earlier on Wednesday.
And De la Fuente, who has a fully fit squad at his disposal, is in no doubt that his team will play to win rather than try to not lose and then attempt to secure top spot in their final group game with Albania.
“Without doubt we want to win. This game most important game for us so far,” he said.
“That is the only thing we’re thinking about... We play all matches to win. I don’t know how to play any other way.”
Fabian Ruiz, who will face his former coach at Napoli in Spalletti, shrugged off talk of Spain being favorites for the Euros despite their blistering debut win over Croatia.
“We don’t see ourselves as favorites but we have confidence in our potential,” said Fabian Ruiz.
“We know we have the quality to get to the final and we’ll do what we can to get there. Maybe if we get to the final I’ll be able to tell you whether we’re favorites or not. But it’s very difficult to win a tournament.”

       Follow
Topics: EURO 2024 ITALY SPAIN LUCIANO SPALLETTI LUIS DE LA FUENTE
You May Also Like
North Charleston: Deep Decarbon ization Benefits [Discover Now]
Pathway Projects
Several airlines cancel flights to Russia after Azerbaijan Airlines crash
arabnews
Tech That Delivers: Quality You Can Trust [Learn More]
borcelle-tech.com
Shop Now
Finland moves tanker suspected of undersea cable damage closer to port
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 523
UEFA fines Albania, Serbia $10,700 each for nationalist fan banners at Euro 2024 games
 191
Albania dent Croatia’s Euro 2024 hopes with dramatic draw
Haaland penalty failure and Fernandes red card pile on woes for City and United in Premier League
Liverpool rallied to a 3-1 win over Leicester in foggy conditions at Anfield and moved seven points clear atop the standings approaching the halfway point of the campaign
Nottingham Forest won 1-0 against Tottenham and are a big surprise in third place
Updated 27 December 2024
AP
December 27, 2024 06:13
106
     

LONDON: Erling Haaland’s failure from the penalty spot and Bruno Fernandes’ latest red card compounded the woes of Manchester City and Manchester United on another tough day for the two Premier League giants.

There were no such problems Thursday for Liverpool, who rallied to a 3-1 win over Leicester in foggy conditions at Anfield and moved seven points clear atop the standings approaching the halfway point of the campaign.

City dropped more points in their improbably poor run of form by drawing 1-1 at home to Everton, with Haaland having a spot kick saved by England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford in the 53rd minute.

The four-time defending champions have only won one of their last 13 games in all competitions and manager Pep Guardiola acknowledged he needs to spend in the January transfer window to reverse City’s slide.

“The transfer window in the winter is not easy, but even the players know that we have to add some new players,” said Guardiola, who has had to cope without a host of key players, including Ballon d’Or winner Rodri, through injury this season.

While City are languishing in seventh place, United are even further adrift in 14th place after a 2-0 loss at lowly Wolverhampton.

United played almost the entire second half with 10 men after Fernandes collected his second yellow card in the 47th minute. It was the United captain’s third sending-off of the season, though one was rescinded.

After seeing second-place Chelsea also drop points after conceding in the fifth minute of stoppage time to lose 2-1 at home to Fulham, Liverpool recovered from conceding in the sixth minute against Leicester to extend their lead. Cody Gakpo, Curtis Jones and Mohamed Salah scored Liverpool’s goals.

Nottingham Forest won 1-0 against Tottenham and are a big surprise in third place.

City pain

City secured only their fifth point in the league since the end of October but that will be scant consolation to Guardiola, whose beleaguered team squandered a winning position after going ahead through Bernardo Silva’s deflected shot in the 14th. Iliman Ndiaye equalized in the 36th.

Haaland’s penalty failure means the Norway international has only scored once in his last seven games. He headed in from the rebound after his spot kick, but the goal was ruled out for offside.

Haaland, who last week admitted his form had not been good enough during a run that has seen City’s season unravel, held his head in his hands after his failure to score from the spot. He still has 18 goals in 25 appearances this season, but has not scored in a win for his club since the 1-0 victory against Southampton on Oct. 26.

“We shoot a lot in the 18-yard box, but unfortunately we could not get the results that we wanted,” Guardiola said.

City’s damaging run has seen them slip down the standings in the league and crash out of the English League Cup. Guardiola’s team is also in danger of missing out on qualifying in the Champions League — sitting just one point above the cut-off point with two games left.

Goal from a corner

Wolves’ first goal against United came direct from a corner, with Brazil striker Matheus Cunha seeing his kick curl over the head of goalkeeper Andre Onana and into the far corner in the 58th minute.

“I was shooting — we train to shoot,” Cunha said.

Such goals are rare, though United also conceded from a corner in its 4-3 loss to Tottenham in the English League Cup this month. Son Heung-min scored on that occasion.

Wolves added a second through Hwang Hee-chan in the ninth minute of stoppage time and have won two straight games since Vitor Pereira replaced Gary O’Neil as manager. Cunha has 10 goals this season.

Salah scores again

Salah moved three goals clear of second-place Haaland in the race for the Golden Boot, his 16th of the campaign completing Liverpool’s recovery after Gakpo curled in the equalizer in first-half stoppage time and Jones made it 2-1 in the 49th.

Salah has scored at least one goal in nine of his last 10 league matches, and has 19 goals in all competitions this season.

Liverpool are unbeaten in their last 20 matches in all competitions, the only defeat all season under new manager Arne Slot coming at home to Forest in the league in September.

“This year feels different,” Salah said of Liverpool’s title chances, “but the most important thing is we need to stay humble.”

Chelsea slump

Chelsea have dropped points in successive games, after drawing 0-0 at Everton last week.

The Blues gave up a lead earned by Cole Palmer in the 16th as Harry Wilson equalized in the 82nd and Rodrigo Muniz grabbed a late winner for Fulham, which won at Stamford Bridge for the first time in 45 years.

Arsenal can now jump from fourth to second with a win against Ipswich on Friday.

Forest win again

Forest’s remarkable season shows little sign of slowing after Anthony Elanga’s winner against Tottenham at the City Ground. Forest are a point behind Chelsea.

Aston Villa was already a goal down to Newcastle after Anthony Gordon’s strike in the second minute when Jhon Duran was sent off in the 32nd. Alexander Isak and Joelinton added goals for the hosts in a 3-0 win.

West Ham had to cope with first-half injuries to defender Max Kilman and goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski, but still won 1-0 at Southampton.

       Follow
Topics: MOHAMMED SALAH ERLING HAALAND BRUNO FERNANDES MANCHESTER CITY MANCHESTER UNITED LIVERPOOL ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE (EPL)
You May Also Like
Why Deep Decarbonization Matte rs [Find Out]
Pathway Projects
Georgina Rodriguez steals the spotlight at Dubai event
arabnews
Step Into the Future with Superio r Tech [Shop Now]
borcelle-tech.com
Shop Now
France asks Indonesia to transfer national on death row
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 453
Three talking points from the Premier League
 144
Liverpool’s Premier League clash at Everton postponed due to high winds
Troubled Man City held by lowly Everton, Chelsea title bid rocked
Updated 27 December 2024
AFP
December 27, 2024 01:11
160
     

LONDON: Erling Haaland had a second-half penalty saved as crisis-torn Manchester City failed to end their dismal run with a 1-1 draw against lowly Everton, while title contenders Chelsea suffered a first home defeat against Fulham since 1979 on Thursday.
Champions City have just one victory in their last 13 games in all competitions as their Christmas schedule started in disappointing fashion.
Bernardo Silva put City in front early on before Iliman Ndiaye salvaged a point for Everton.
City are languishing in seventh place and sit five points adrift of the top four, with their astonishing decline showing no sign of ending.
City boss Pep Guardiola conceded ahead of the game that his troubled side are at risk of failing to qualify for the Champions League for the first time in 15 years and their latest setback was another blow to that target.
“Of course we need results and we didn’t get it. The team played really good again in all departments and unfortunately could not win,” Guardiola said.
“We accept it. It is life. We did not expect it to not win games many times. But what do you have to do? Continue.”
Everton had kept five clean sheets in their last six games but were breached after just 14 minutes.
Jeremy Doku fed Silva and his effort across goal deflected off Jarrad Branthwaite and looped beyond the helpless Jordan Pickford.
Everton levelled when Manuel Akanji sliced an attempted clearance into the path of Ndiaye, who fired into the top corner for Everton’s first away goal in over two months.
Seven minutes into the second half, Haaland had the chance to end his longest goal drought at the Etihad but Pickford dived low to his right to make the save.
At Stamford Bridge, second-placed Chelsea were stunned by Fulham’s late fightback for a 2-1 win in a dramatic west London derby.
Cole Palmer put Chelsea ahead after 16 minutes, the England forward drilling home from the edge of the area after weaving through the Fulham defense in dazzling style.
But Fulham levelled with eight minutes left when Antonee Robinson’s cross was headed down by Timothy Castagne and Harry Wilson nodded in from close range.
Chelsea were furious, claiming Alex Iwobi had fouled Pedro Neto in the build-up to the goal.
But there was worse to come for the Blues in stoppage-time when Rodrigo Muniz converted Sasa Lukic’s pass with a clinical strike.
Chelsea are four points behind leaders Liverpool, who have two games in hand and host Leicester later on Thursday.
Nottingham Forest climbed to third place after a 1-0 win against spluttering Tottenham at the City Ground.
Forest went ahead in the 28th minute when Anthony Elanga raced onto Morgan Gibbs-White’s pass and stroke a composed finish past Fraser Forster.
Forest boss Nuno Espirito Santo had just 17 games in charge of Tottenham before being sacked in 2021.
But Forest’s fourth successive win was sweet revenge for Nuno, whose former club had Djed Spence sent off in the closing moments for a second booking.
Tottenham are stuck in 11th place as the pressure mounts on boss Ange Postecoglou.
Newcastle swatted aside 10-man Aston Villa 3-0, moving up to fifth place after winning three consecutive league games for the first time since 2023.
Anthony Gordon struck with a superb curling strike after just two minutes at St. James’ Park.
Villa’s Jhon Duran was sent off in the 32nd minute for violent conduct after stamping on Newcastle’s Fabian Schar.
Alexander Isak made Newcastle’s numerical advantage count in the 59th minute as the Swedish striker tapped in his seventh goal in his last six appearances.
Joelinton wrapped up the points in stoppage-time with a curler from 18 yards.
Jarrod Bowen’s 59th-minute goal gave West Ham a 1-0 win at bottom of the table Southampton after the visitors saw Guido Rodriguez’s red card overturned by VAR.
It was a frustrating start for new Saints boss Ivan Juric, who has replaced the sacked Russell Martin.
Bournemouth and Crystal Palace shared a goalless draw at the Vitality Stadium.

       Follow
Topics: MANCHESTER CITY CHELSEA
RELATED
SPECIAL
 216
Inspired by ‘incredible’ Ronaldo, Matheus Nunes eyes success with Manchester City and Portugal
 310
Aston Villa beat Manchester City to deepen Guardiola’s pain
World No. 1 Sabalenka ready for more Slam success
Sabalenka: I love Australia and I always come here hungry and always come here ready
The 26-year-old enjoyed a sensational 2024, reaching seven finals and winning four titles, including the US Open
Updated 26 December 2024
AFP
December 26, 2024 03:47
57
     

BRISBANE: World No. 1 Aryna Sabalenka says she is “fresh and ready to go” in her bid for a third straight Australian Open title, warning she has plenty of room for improvement.

The 26-year-old enjoyed a sensational 2024, reaching seven finals and winning four titles, including the US Open.

Her year was kickstarted by defending her Australian Open crown, beating China’s high-flying Zheng Qinwen in the final.

Should she win it again, she will become the first woman to claim three straight Melbourne Park singles titles since Martina Hingis between 1997-1999.

“I feel fresh and ready to go,” the Belarusian said, according to the WTA website Thursday, after arriving for the Brisbane International which starts on Sunday ahead of the Australian Open from Jan. 12.

“I love Australia and I always come here hungry and always come here ready.

“I feel all the support here, and I think that’s the best thing about Australia, that people are really, really, into tennis.”

Sabalenka also began 2024 in Brisbane, reaching the final without losing a set only to crash to Kazakstan’s Elena Rybakina in the decider.

She spent time in the off-season at her home in Florida before heading to the Middle East to prepare for Australia and will use the Brisbane tournament to fine-tune her Grand Slam preparations.

“You work hard on lots of things in the pre-season,” she said.

“The first tournament before the major tournament is the one where you can try it out and see what’s going to work well for you, and what’s not.”

Despite her rise through the ranks to be the player to beat heading into 2025, Sabalenka said there were still parts of her game that need work.

“Oh, there is so many things to improve,” she said.

“I mean, I’m not that good with maybe my game at the net in singles. There is a lot of things to improve in my touch game.

“There is so many things, even my serve is not as good as I want it to be, so there is always (elements) to improve.”

       Follow
Topics: ARYNA SABALENKA GRAND SLAM
RELATED
 483
Coach Anton Dubrov on the secret behind Aryna Sabalenka’s return to No. 1 spot in women’s tennis
 271
Sabalenka beats Paolini in straight sets to reach last four of WTA Finals
Liverpool host Foxes, Arsenal prepare for life without Saka
Both crisis-hit Manchester clubs will seek a festive fillip, with faltering champions City at home to Wolves and United away to Wolves
Ange Postecoglou’s Tottenham, licking their wounds after a brutal 6-3 hammering by Liverpool, face a tough assignment at high-flying Nottingham Forest
Updated 25 December 2024
AFP
December 25, 2024 07:22
363
     

LONDON: Christmas Premier League chart-toppers Liverpool are overwhelming favorites to see off struggling Leicester on Boxing Day (Thursday).

Meanwhile, both crisis-hit Manchester clubs will seek a festive fillip, with faltering champions City at home to Wolves and United away to Wolves.

Second-placed Chelsea host Fulham while in-form Arsenal will fancy their chances against relegation-threatened Ipswich on Friday, even without the injured Bukayo Saka.

Ange Postecoglou’s Tottenham, licking their wounds after a brutal 6-3 hammering by Liverpool, face a tough assignment at high-flying Nottingham Forest.

Here are some of the major talking points in the run-up to one of the busiest points of the English football season.

Liverpool are top the table on Christmas Day for the first time since the 2020/21 season and will want to make it count.

Just once in the past seven top-flight campaigns in which they have sat at the summit on December 25, have they gone on to win the title.

Arne Slot’s side returned to winning ways in style on Sunday, overwhelming Spurs following two frustrating draws.

They are four points clear of Chelsea with a game in hand. It would be a huge surprise if they slipped up against Leicester at home, especially with Mohamed Salah enjoying a purple patch.

The Egypt international is the first player to reach double figures for both goals (15) and assists (11) before Christmas in the history of the Premier League.

Leicester won their first match under new manager Ruud van Nistelrooy earlier this month but have collected just a single point in their past three matches, conceding nine goals.

The leaky Foxes have not won at Anfield since 2000 and are just two points clear of the drop zone after returning to the top flight this season.

A buoyant Mikel Arteta said the Premier League title race was “on” after Arsenal swept Crystal Palace aside 5-1 on Saturday.

But one dark cloud was Saka limping off at Selhurst Park, with the England winger set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines with a hamstring injury.

It is a blow for Arteta, depriving him of his most potent attacking weapon — Saka has scored nine goals and provided 13 assists in all competitions this season — just as Arsenal are finding their form again.

“It’s going to be a really good exercise for all of us to think about ways to overcome another challenge, because we’ve already had a lot in the season,” said Arsenal boss Arteta, whose team are third in the Premier League table.

Arteta has a number of attacking options, with Gabriel Martinelli a candidate to fill the void, but Saka, 23, offers something unique.

Nottingham Forest fans are dreaming of a return to the Champions League — more than 40 years after they last played in Europe’s premier club competition.

Nuno Espirito Santo’s side have won seven of their past 10 Premier League games to climb to fourth in the table ahead of their match against Tottenham on Thursday.

Forest have not won a major trophy since 1990 but they have a proud tradition in continental competition — with the Midlands club twice crowned European champions under former manager Brian Clough, in 1979 and 1980.

While Forest are not prolific scorers, they are impressive at the back — only Liverpool and Arsenal have conceded fewer goals in the English top flight this season.

Former Spurs boss Nuno is braced for the unknown against his former club, who have built a reputation as great entertainers.

“You never know what’s going to happen in the game,” he said. “What we can see is good players, a lot of goals, also conceding goals.”

Fixtures

Thursday (1500 GMT unless stated)

Manchester City vs. Everton (1230), Bournemouth vs. Crystal Palace, Chelsea vs. Fulham, Newcastle vs. Aston Villa, Nottingham Forest vs. Tottenham, Southampton vs. West Ham, Wolves vs. Manchester United (1730), Liverpool vs. Leicester (2000)

Friday

Brighton vs. Brentford (1930), Arsenal vs. Ipswich (2015)

       Follow
Topics: LIVERPOOL ARSENAL
Inter beat Como to keep in touch with leaders Atalanta
Como, coached by Cesc Fabregas, slipped a spot to 16th and sit just one point clear of the relegation zone
Updated 24 December 2024
AFP
December 24, 2024 03:26
846
     

MILAN, Italy: Inter Milan saw off Como 2-0 on Monday to stretch their unbeaten run in Serie A to 11 games and move back to within three points of leaders Atalanta.
Defender Carlos Augusto headed in from a corner early in the second half before Marcus Thuram wrapped up a fourth successive league win with a thumping finish in stoppage time.
Inter goalkeeper Yann Sommer made a crucial save on the hour to deny Nico Paz an equalizer as Simone Inzaghi’s side showed signs of weariness at the San Siro in what was their third outing in a week.
Thuram’s goal was his 12th of the season and sent him level with Atalanta striker Mateo Retegui for the league lead.
“Marcus is a high-class player who always trains well and has adapted very quickly to the way we play,” said Inzaghi.
“You have to congratulate Como for coming here and giving it their all, but we stayed focused and showed great maturity.”
Third-placed Inter are a point behind Napoli but have played a game less than the top two teams after their match with Fiorentina was called off at the start of December following Edoardo Bove’s sudden collapse.
Reigning champions Inter visit lowly Cagliari this weekend and could put the pressure back on Atalanta, who are away to Lazio in the late game on Saturday.
Como, coached by Cesc Fabregas, slipped a spot to 16th and sit just one point clear of the relegation zone.
Fiorentina lost more ground in the title race after falling to a 2-1 home defeat by Udinese.
Moise Kean’s early penalty gave Fiorentina the lead as they sought to shake off last weekend’s loss to Bologna that snapped the club’s eight-match winning streak in Serie A.
However, Udinese equalized shortly after half-time through Lorenzo Lucca and former France international Florian Thauvin curled in the winner from outside the area.
“The most important thing for me is not the goal but the victory. These are three important points against a very strong team,” said Udinese captain Thauvin.
Udinese stayed ninth and are eight points off the European places.

       Follow
Topics: SERIE A INTER MILAN COMO
RELATED
 480
Inter stun Lazio 6-0 to remind rivals of their title aspirations in Serie A
 238
Balotelli almost scores first goal for Genoa but Napoli hold on to lead Serie A again
Latest Updates
Israel strikes ‘infrastructure’ on Syria-Lebanon border
 598
Desertions spark panic, and pardons, in Ukraine’s army
 175
Israel hospital says woman killed in stabbing attack in coastal city
 257
Yemen Houthis claim missile attack on Tel Aviv airport: statement
 1329
BNPL emerges as the preferred payment option for Saudi consumers
 532
Recommended
SAUDI ARABIA
Why 2024 was a pivotal year for AI adoption and innovation in Saudi Arabia
 322
MIDDLE-EAST
2024 Year in Review: Conflict keeps Sudanese trapped in a nightmare without end
 925
MIDDLE-EAST
War-weary villages in Lebanon’s south find hope in Christmas festivities
 530
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.com/node/2533786/football 
 ----- 
