Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
NBA
New York Knicks
Brooklyn Nets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
LIVE
Death toll in raging LA wildfires continues to rise as blaze tears through city
NBA
JJ Redick’s family evacuates home during Palisades fire: ‘Freaking out’
By Associated Press
Published Jan. 8, 2025, 8:09 a.m. ET
15
Destructive wildfires in Los Angeles engulf homes as firefighters race to control the blaze
0 seconds of 2 minutes, 7 secondsVolume 0%
 

DALLAS — Los Angeles Lakers coach JJ Redick said members of his family were among those in Southern California forced to evacuate their homes on Tuesday due to a wildfire that was being whipped by strong winds around Los Angeles.

The fire swept through a Los Angeles hillside where Redick lives alongside other celebrities, burning homes in Pacific Palisades and prompting evacuation orders for tens of thousands.

Before the Lakers took on the Mavericks in Dallas, Redick acknowledged the gravity of the situation affecting his family and neighbors.

7
A home burns in Pasadena during the Eaton Fire on Jan. 8, 2025.
Getty Images
7
JJ Redick on the sidelines during the Lakers loss to the Mavericks on Jan. 7, 2025.
Getty Images

“I just want to acknowledge and send thoughts and prayers to everyone in the Palisades right now,” Redick said prior to the Lakers’ 118-97 loss to the Mavericks. “That’s where I live.

“Our family, my wife’s family, my wife’s twin sister, they’ve evacuated. I know a lot of people are freaking out right now, including my family. From the sound of things, with the winds coming (Tuesday night), I know a lot of people are scared. So I just want to acknowledge that. Thoughts and prayers for sure, and hope everybody stays safe.”

TNT reported on its broadcast that the Lakers’ flight back to Los Angeles would be delayed.

7
A firefighter as the Palisades Fire burning the Theatre Palisades.
Getty Images

However, the team said the flight was still scheduled for Tuesday night, despite the potential for smoke-filled skies in the LA area forcing alternate routes.

Stay up to date with the NYP’s coverage of the terrifying LA-area fires
Photos show the few lucky mansions that escaped LA fire’s wrath in Malibu
Forecast for damages in LA fires triples to $150B — costliest blaze in US history
Powerball winner Edwin Castro’s $3.8M Malibu home destroyed in LA Palisades Fire
Everyday heroes step up to save the elderly from Los Angeles fires
California couple watched Eaton Fire destroy their home on Ring camera: ‘40 years of life gone overnight’
7

Officials did not provide an exact number of structures damaged or destroyed in the Pacific Palisades wildfire, but they said about 30,000 residents were under evacuation orders and more than 13,000 structures were under threat.

7
A map showing the current wildfires in California.
fire.ca.gov

The blaze began around 10:30 a.m., shortly after the start of a Santa Ana windstorm that the National Weather service warned could be “life-threatening” and the strongest to hit Southern California in more than a decade.

The exact cause of the fire was unknown and no injuries had been reported, officials said.

7
The fire burning in the Pacific Palisades area.
Getty Images
7
JJ Redick with his wife and kids in 2022.
JJ Redick/Instagram
15

What do you think? Post a comment.

The winds were expected to increase overnight and continue for days, producing isolated gusts that could top 100 mph (160 kph) in mountains and foothills — including in areas that haven’t seen substantial rain in months.

FILED UNDER CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES  J.J. REDICK  LA FIRES 2025  LOS ANGELES  LOS ANGELES LAKERS  1/8/25
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
Senator's Husband Refuses To Shake Kamala's Hand, Causes A Stir
Madamenoire.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
Tragic Details About Fox News Anchor Harris Faulkner
NickiSwift.com
Khloe Kardashian Rips LA Mayor Karen Bass Amid Wildfire Disaster
NYPost.com
Clear Signs Guilfoyle & Don Jr.'s Breakup Was Actually So Messy
TheList.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Taylor Swift PR Breakup Plan Leak 'Blindsided' Travis Kelce
Thenerdstash.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2025/01/08/sports/jj-redicks-family-evacuates-home-during-palisades-wildfires/ 
 ----- 
