Skip to content
Subscribe Now
66°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Politics
Health
Environment
Orange County
North OC
Anaheim
Brea
Buena Park
Cypress
Fullerton
Garden Grove
La Habra
La Palma
Orange + Villa Park
Placentia
Santa Ana
Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos
Stanton
Tustin
Westminster
Yorba Linda
South OC
Costa Mesa
Dana Point
Fountain Valley
Huntington Beach
Irvine
Laguna Beach
Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo
Laguna Hills
Ladera Ranch
Lake Forest
Laguna Woods
Mission Viejo
Newport Beach
Rancho Santa Margarita
San Clemente
San Juan Capistrano
Sports
Sports
Angels
Dodgers
Chargers
Rams
Ducks
Kings
Lakers
High School Sports
Clippers
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music + Concerts
Amusement Parks + Disneyland
Theater + Arts
Casinos
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Books
Comics
Puzzles
Best of Orange County
Orange County Register Store
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County January 11, 2025 at 11:55 am
SPORTSNBALAKERSNews
Lakers look to get right during their longest homestand
The Lakers get two weeks in Southern California, with seven home games and an Intuit Dome clash with the Clippers
By KHOBI PRICE | kprice@scng.com
UPDATED: January 8, 2025 at 4:18 PM PST

DALLAS — The Lakers have gone through a similar pattern as they near the season’s midway point – one they have hopes of ending during their upcoming homestand.

They’ll have a stretch of performing at the high level Coach JJ Redick and the players envision they can consistently, followed by a momentum-halting poor play.

This trend was on display during their winless two-game Texas road trip.

They lost to the Houston Rockets, 119-115, on Sunday, after trailing by 22 and struggling to keep the Rockets off the offensive glass, and were defeated by the Dallas Mavericks, 118-97, on Tuesday night, despite the Mavericks being without their All-Star duo of Luka Dončić (calf) and Kyrie Irving (back) and backup big man Daniel Gafford.

“I mean, it sucks, obviously,” Lakers star LeBron James said Tuesday. “Especially knowing where we were and how well we’ve been playing.”

The Lakers had won eight of 11 games entering the brief Texas trip – a stretch that was kicked off with one of their most impressive victories of the season against the Memphis Grizzlies on Dec. 15 and ended with one of their most well-rounded performances in Friday’s home win against the Atlanta Hawks.

“We do a good job of not getting too high or too low emotionally,” guard Max Christie said. “It’s a big message we had at the end of the game [on Tuesday]. Just trying to stay the course. We’ve turned our season around since that Miami game [a 41-point road loss on Dec. 4]. We’ve been really connected and we’ve done a pretty good job.

“So we’re not going to let [Tuesday’s] loss be the end-all, be-all for us. We’re going to get better from this.”

The Lakers will have as good as an opportunity as they’ll get to put together a strong stretch of play – and possibly get healthier – during the next couple of weeks.

They’ll play seven of their next eight games at their home arena and all eight in Southern California, including their debut at the Intuit Dome against the Clippers on Jan. 19, starting with Thursday night’s home game against the Charlotte Hornets.

They won’t have any back-to-backs over the next two weeks, providing more opportunities for practices and shootarounds.

The Lakers have only practiced once – on Dec. 30 – since acquiring Dorian Finney-Smith and Shake Milton in a trade with the Brooklyn Nets for D’Angelo Russell, Maxwell Lewis and three second-round draft picks on Dec. 29.

Finney-Smith and Milton didn’t participate in that practice as they awaited the physicals for all players involved in the trade to be approved.

“We’ll get on the court together, that’s better than nothing,” Finney-Smith said. “When we get two weeks [at] home, we definitely got to take advantage of that and get some wins. We felt like we should have won this road trip, but we didn’t, so we got to fight and get wins at home.”

Jarred Vanderbilt, who played just 29 games last season and hasn’t played this season after having surgery on his feet in May, has advanced to full-court activities with contact and will be reevaluated during the homestand in about one week.

RELATED ARTICLES
NBA postpones Saturday’s Lakers-Spurs, Clippers-Hornets games due to fires
Emotional JJ Redick reflects on losing home, says Lakers want to play, ‘give people hope’
Fires force Lakers’ Thursday game vs. Hornets to be postponed
Lakers blown out by short-handed Mavericks
Gabe Vincent returns in Lakers’ loss to Mavericks, shoring up rotation

The defensive-minded forward played five-on-five against coaches Monday. The team wants Vanderbilt to play “a few runs” against other players – his Lakers teammates or players from the organization’s South Bay G League affiliate – before he is cleared to return to the lineup.

The Lakers said on Dec. 3 that Vanderbilt was targeting a return for early January.

It isn’t known if Vanderbilt will return during this home stretch, but there are encouraging signs that his return is imminent.

WILDFIRE EFFECTS

Redick said his family was among several who had to evacuate their homes on Tuesday in light of the wildfires that spread throughout Los Angeles County.

“I just want to acknowledge and send thoughts and prayers to everyone in the Palisades right now – it’s where I live,” Redick said on Tuesday. “My family and my wife’s family, my wife’s twin sister, they’ve evacuated. I know that a lot of people are freaking out, including my family. And from the sound of things with the winds coming, I know a lot of people are scared. So I just want to acknowledge that. Thoughts and prayers, for sure. I hope everybody stays safe.”

James posted on X (formerly known as Twitter) on Wednesday morning: “Praying for everyone in Southern California!! !”

The NHL postponed Wednesday night’s Kings-Calgary Flames game that was scheduled to be played at Crypto.com Arena – the same venue where the Lakers are scheduled to host the Hornets on Thursday.

As of Wednesday afternoon, the Lakers-Hornets matchup was still scheduled to tip off at its original time on Thursday.

HORNETS AT LAKERS

When: Thursday, 7:30 p.m.

Where: Crypto.com Arena

TV/radio: Spectrum SportsNet/710 AM

Originally Published: January 8, 2025 at 1:05 PM PST
Around the Web
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
rankupwards.com
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You (Take a Look!)
Tardive Dyskinesia
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
If Your Dog Follows You, Here's What It Means
articlestone
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Las Vegas: New Two Bed Senior Apartments Are Stunning! (Take a Look)
Senior Living
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in Las Vegas Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
Coast Guard Intercepts Strange Blue Boat. Then They Take a Look Inside
cleverst
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
Joint Pain Vanishes With This Little-known Superfood - Try It Tonight!
Health News | Joint Pain
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Belly Fat Removal Without Surgery in Las Vegas(See the Cost)
Fat Removal
Las Vegas: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
Breakfast: 15 Foods You Should Never Eat
HEALTH NATURAL
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Dangerous Signs That You Have Psoriatic Arthritis (Take a Peek!)
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
Warning Signals That You Have Myelodysplasia Syndrome! (Learn More)
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
Bizarre "Sugar Hack" Can Banish Bad Breath, Tooth Decay & Gum Disease
Provadent
Dinner: 10 Foods You Should Never Eat in the Evening
HEALTH NATURAL
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Red flag warning points to new wildfire dangers in Southern California, lasts until Wednesday eve
L.A. wildfires’ economic toll: Devastating losses followed by burst of building
Macy’s closing 66 stores, 9 in California
Orange County restaurants shut down by health inspectors (Jan. 2-9)
Former child star Rory Callum Sykes dies in L.A. wildfire after mother couldn’t save him
Evacuations soar in the San Fernando Valley, Brentwood as Palisades fire extends to Day 5
Surf industry’s Liberated Brands lays off nearly 400, closes Costa Mesa offices
Disneyland starts construction on Avengers Campus expansion this weekend
Prince Harry, Meghan Markle survey Eaton fire damage
Three football players transfer to Mater Dei; two all-league juniors depart Los Alamitos
Humvees, bayonets taken in break-in at Army Reserve Center in Tustin
Fire danger: Here is the wind forecast for Jan. 10 to Jan. 15
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN LAKERS
NBA postpones Saturday’s Lakers-Spurs, Clippers-Hornets games due to fires
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Emotional JJ Redick reflects on losing home, says Lakers want to play, ‘give people hope’
Fires force Lakers’ Thursday game vs. Hornets to be postponed
Lakers blown out by short-handed Mavericks
2025
January
8
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Obituary
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT OC REGISTER
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work With Us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
CONTACT US
Corrections
OC Register Store
Reader Rewards
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
PARTNERS
Live Traffic Map
Newspapers in Education
Sponsor a Student
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ocregister.com/2025/01/08/lakers-look-to-get-right-during-their-longest-homestand/ 
 ----- 
