Skip to content
Subscribe Now
71°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Politics
Health
Environment
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Jobs
Local News
Local News
Ontario
Pomona
Chino Valley
Rancho Cucamonga
Claremont
Montclair
Upland
La Verne
San Bernardino County
Los Angeles County
David Allen Column
Sports
Sports
IE Varsity
Chargers
Rams
Lakers
Clippers
Dodgers
Angels
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Kings
Ducks
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Casinos
Amusement Parks
Movies
Music + Concerts
Theater
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Daily Bulletin Store
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
SPORTSNBALAKERSNews
Lakers seek toughness ahead of game with depleted Mavericks
The Lakers, who were badly outrebounded in a loss to the Rockets on Sunday, face a Dallas team that will be without All-Stars Luka Doncic and Kyrie Irving
“We want to be … I want to be a great team,” Lakers star LeBron James said. “I mean, I want to be a great team but it takes some things that maybe get uncomfortable out there. We got to do a little bit more. We got to do a little bit more, be a little bit more gritty, make more plays, not have so many breakdowns.” (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
By KHOBI PRICE | kprice@scng.com
UPDATED: January 6, 2025 at 7:23 PM PST

HOUSTON — JJ Redick has made it clear: he doesn’t just want the Lakers to be a good team; he wants them to be a great team.

And not only does he want them to be great, but he believes they can be.

But what does it look like for Redick to hold his team to a standard of looking to become great rather than simply trying to be good?

In Friday’s home win against the Atlanta Hawks, it was criticizing his team’s lack of game-plan discipline.

“Why that stuff matters, the reason why executing a personnel-based scouting report that we talked about, is because I don’t want to coach a good team,” Redick said on Friday. “I don’t want to be a part of a good team. I want to be a part of a great team and I believe this team can be a great team. So it is about the small details.”

And after Sunday’s 119-115 road loss to the Houston Rockets, in which the Lakers erased nearly all of a 22-point deficit and got within two before an errant late out-of-bounds plays prevented them from getting any closer, it was acknowledging the obvious.

“Our inability to get defensive rebounds was the difference in the game,” Redick said, with the Rockets grabbing 18 offensive rebounds, taking 21 more field goal attempts and scoring 28 second-chance points.

The Rockets, an athletic, defensive-minded team that was the No. 2 seed in the Western Conference after Sunday’s win, offered the kind of test that’s helpful for the Lakers over an 82-game season.

“We want to be … I want to be a great team,” LeBron James said. “I mean, I want to be a great team but it takes some things that maybe get uncomfortable out there. We got to do a little bit more. We got to do a little bit more, be a little bit more gritty, make more plays, not have so many breakdowns.

“We’re not much of a breakdown team, but sometimes we don’t have a lot of room for error as well.”

The Lakers (20-15) will likely have more room for error in Tuesday’s trip-closing game against the Dallas Mavericks (20-15), who entered Monday having lost five of their past six games after Luka Dončić suffered a strained left calf in the team’s Christmas Day loss to the Minnesota Timberwolves.

The Mavericks had a road game against the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday, making Tuesday’s matchup the second night of a back-to-back for Dallas.

RELATED ARTICLES
NBA postpones Saturday’s Lakers-Spurs, Clippers-Hornets games due to fires
Emotional JJ Redick reflects on losing home, says Lakers want to play, ‘give people hope’
Fires force Lakers’ Thursday game vs. Hornets to be postponed
Lakers look to get right during their longest homestand
Lakers blown out by short-handed Mavericks

In addition to Dončić being out, the Mavericks will also be without All-Star guard Kyrie Irving, who is sidelined with a back injury.

“They’re still a good team,” Lakers star Anthony Davis said. “They got a lot of talent. We’ll be ready to play these guys. So we definitely need to win. We can’t lose both of these games. It’s going to be a must-win for us and we have to come in with the right mindset.”

Lakers backup guard Gabe Vincent was upgraded to questionable after missing the last four games because of a strained left oblique. Reserve wing Cam Reddish was listed on the injury report as questionable because of lower back soreness.

LAKERS AT MAVERICKS

When: Tuesday, 4:30 p.m. PT

Where: American Airlines Center, Dallas

TV/radio: Spectrum SportsNet, TNT/710 AM

Originally Published: January 6, 2025 at 4:39 PM PST
Around the Web
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Las Vegas: Famous Two Bed Senior Apartments for $299/month - Take a Peek Inside!
SeniorLiving2
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Intrigued!
TardiveDyskenisia
Top Doctor: Your Hair Will Grow Like Never Before (Stop Doing This)
BioGrow
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Warning Signs That You Have TNBC (Examine Closely)
TNBC Treatment I Search Ads
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Doctors Stunned: One Simple Move Ends Years of Arthritis Pain!
Health News | Joint Pain
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet The #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Swollen Feet & Ankles: Use This to Help Drain Edema Fluid
WellnessGaze Edema
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Red flag warning points to new wildfire dangers in Southern California, lasts until Wednesday eve
Macy’s closing 66 stores, 9 in California
Kohl’s closing San Bernardino distribution hub, 10 California stores by April
L.A. wildfires’ economic toll: Devastating losses followed by burst of building
Pomona Fairplex opens as evacuation site for LA County residents displaced by fires
UCLA will extend virtual classes amid wildfire concerns
Attorney General Bonta warns against price gouging, looting and scams targeting wildfire victims
Fire danger: Here is the wind forecast for Jan. 10 to Jan. 15
Scandal at Lordsburg College will be topic for La Verne Historical Society
Scottie Antonucci nets four goals, lifts Etiwanda girls soccer team past Chino Hills
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Black communities in Pasadena, Altadena devastated by Eaton fire
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN LAKERS
NBA postpones Saturday’s Lakers-Spurs, Clippers-Hornets games due to fires
Emotional JJ Redick reflects on losing home, says Lakers want to play, ‘give people hope’
Fires force Lakers’ Thursday game vs. Hornets to be postponed
Lakers look to get right during their longest homestand
2025
January
6
SUBSCRIBE
e-Edition
Breaking News
CONTACT US
Corrections
Sign Up For Newsletters
Daily Bulletin Store
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
ABOUT DAILY BULLETIN
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work With Us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
Reader’s Choice
PARTNERS
Live Traffic Map
Newspapers in Education
Sponsor a Student
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Legals
Obituary
Local Job Board
READER REWARDS
Photo reprints
Sponsored Access
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailybulletin.com/2025/01/06/lakers-seek-toughness-ahead-of-game-with-depleted-mavericks/ 
 ----- 
