CLOSE
Weather
39°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
What the Mavericks need to change before their Tuesday rematch with the Nuggets
As Dallas wine bar closes, owner cites challenges like Dry January and Ozempic
Monday Outlook: A dry and cool start to the week
Jalen Hurts returns, throws two TDs in NFC Wild Card game to lead Eagles past Packers
Southwest Airlines bids farewell to two retiring top executives
Why is Jerry Jones dragging out Cowboys coaching decision with Mike McCarthy?
Is Texas doing enough to save abandoned babies?
Construction to start on new $370 million Uptown high-rises this year
Klay Thompson sizzles, but Mavs go cold late in Sunday test from Nikola Jokic’s Nuggets
Dallas-area chicken restaurant is one of the best in the country, Southern Living says
ADVERTISEMENT
THIS IS MEMBER-EXCLUSIVE CONTENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Jonah Heim’s lost season: What caused 2024 drop-off for Rangers’ former All-Star catcher?
Heim has gone from being perhaps the AL’s best catcher in one season to quite possibly the worst in the next.

By Evan Grant

Rangers beat writer/insider

Sep. 6, 2024
|
Updated 9:17 p.m. CDT
|
3 min. read
Texas Rangers catcher Jonah Heim (28) waits for the next batter during the third inning of an MLB game against the Pittsburgh Pirates, Wednesday, Aug. 21, 2024, in Arlington. The Rangers defeated the Pirates 1-0.(Elías Valverde II / Staff Photographer)

ARLINGTON — There are many questions for which the Rangers don’t seem to have answers this season, but this may be the biggest mystery of all: How does a 29-year-old catcher fall from being perhaps the best in the American League one year to quite possibly the worst in the course of one season.

But that’s what the numbers say about Jonah Heim’s 2024 season.

Related:Elvis Andrus leaves baseball with fun memories, lots of laughs. But don’t forget the rest

The Rangers have tried everything they can to get Heim, last year’s All-Star starter and Gold Glove winner, turned around. Nothing has produced results. And it would be one thing to be talking about merely offensive issues. His defense, statistically speaking, has also regressed. Defense should be more impervious to extended “slumps” than offense.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

Heim was out of the starting lineup for Friday’s 5-1 loss to the Los Angeles Angels. His pinch-hit fly out ended the game in the ninth inning, Heim now mired in a 1-for-21 stretch. The slump has led to a .605 OPS for the season, lowest in the majors among all players with at least 400 plate appearances. It is a staggering drop-off of 150 points from a year ago. But the decline doesn’t end there. Catchers aren’t expected to be offensive forces, but Heim’s pitch-framing, considered elite, has fallen badly. He was third in the majors last year at +10 in framing runs saved. This year: 37th of 57 at -2. In the FanGraphs defensive formula, he has fallen from No. 5 in the majors to No. 24 of 30.

Put it together and you get a guy whose WAR has fallen from 4.0, considered All-Star caliber on FanGraphs chart, to -0.5. For context, the website lists 0-1 WAR players as “scrubs.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The Rangers do not believe Heim is a “scrub,” but there is no denying, manager Bruce Bochy said, that there is work to be done.

“Sometimes the numbers are not completely accurate,” Bochy said. “But, you know, when it’s this extreme, OK, yeah, there is room for improvement. I don’t have a real good answer. But he is one of the best; he showed that last year. It’s gotten a little bit away from us.”

Bochy did say that the Rangers have changed his setup behind the plate slightly, which might be causing him some receiving issues. He’s moved more to the middle of the plate to give pitchers a bigger area of the strike zone to work with.

There are plenty of theories to account for other issues. Perhaps his wrist, which he injured last season, has become an issue. Perhaps Heim never really got rested after his arduous playoff run last October, catching every game of the postseason. Perhaps his offensive troubles have carried over to the defensive side. Bochy dismissed them all.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I don’t buy that, because he does separate the two,” Bochy said of the offense and defense. “He takes a lot of pride in the defense. He’s pretty proud of winning a Gold Glove.

ADVERTISEMENT

“He knows what his job is and what his priority is. So I don’t think that’s the case. I’ll just add this: We all have down years. I know we’ve had a few this year.”

Most recently, the Rangers have tried giving him more rest. Carson Kelly, acquired at the trade deadline, started behind the plate Friday for the 16th time in the last 33 games. It has not, however, sparked Heim’s bat. Since the Rangers acquired Kelly, Heim is slashing only .167/.221/.319/.540 in 77 plate appearances.

Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant

Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’
ADVERTISEMENT

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

Click or tap here to sign up for our Rangers newsletter.

More about:
Jonah Heim
By Evan Grant

Evan has covered the Rangers since 1997. He has twice been named one of the top 10 beat writers in the country by the AP Sports Editors. His passions outside of covering baseball are his wife, Gina, his two step kids, two crazy dogs & barbecue. Let's not discuss the cat. Evan graduated from Georgia State University, but oddly is a Georgia fan.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
The Social Security Fairness Act: New law is a $200 billion boondoggle
2
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
3
With thanks to Toyota, I moved on from Lexus ... to a Tesla
4
What the Mavericks need to change before their Tuesday rematch with the Nuggets
5
Why is Jerry Jones dragging out Cowboys coaching decision with Mike McCarthy?
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2024/09/06/jonah-heim-catcher-texas-rangers-stats-la-angels/ 
 ----- 
