Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Barcelona beat Real Madrid
NFL playoff
Maha Kumbh Mela
Australian Open 2025
BREAKING NEWS
Mediators have made significant progress toward a ceasefire in the Israel-Hamas war and the release of hostages, but a deal hasn't been reached yet, officials said.
Close
SPORTS
Italian rookie Sam Aldegheri gets 1st major league victory, helping the Angels beat the Rangers 5-1
1 of 10 |  

Los Angeles Angels starting pitcher Samuel Aldegheri throws to the Texas Rangers in the first inning of a baseball game Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

2 of 10 |  

Los Angeles Angels’ Logan O’Hoppe celebrates after his three-run home run against the Texas Rangers in the sixth inning of a baseball game Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

3 of 10 |  

Los Angeles Angels’ Logan O’Hoppe (14) celebrates in the dugout after hitting a three-run home run against the Texas Rangers in the sixth inning of a baseball game Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

4 of 10 |  

Texas Rangers starting pitcher Gerson Garabito throws in the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

5 of 10 |  

Texas Rangers right fielder Adolis Garcia makes a leaping catch on a fly out by Los Angeles Angels’ Nolan Schanuel in the first inning of a baseball game, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

6 of 10 |  

Los Angeles Angels’ Anthony Rendon (6), Logan O’Hoppe (14) and Mickey Moniak, center back, celebrate after Hoppe’s three-run home run scored them as Texas Rangers catcher Carson Kelly, right, kneels by the plate in the sixth inning of a baseball game Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

Read More
7 of 10 |  

Texas Rangers’ Sandro Fabian follows through on a fly out to right, as Los Angeles Angels catcher Logan O’Hoppe looks on in the second inning of a baseball game, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

8 of 10 |  

Texas Rangers former player Elvis Andrus, left, who announced his retirement earlier Friday, stands with his daughter Lucia, left rear, and Michael, center, as Elvis Jr., right, throws out the ceremonial first pitch before a baseball game between the Los Angeles Angels and Rangers, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

Read More
9 of 10 |  

El venezolano Elvis Andrus (centro) posa con Ron Washington (izquierda), manager de los Angelinos de Los Ángeles, y con su excompañero Michael Young, tras anunciar oficialmente su retiro el viernes 6 de septiembre de 2024 (AP Foto/LM Otero)

10 of 10 |  

Recording artist and cousin to Texas Rangers manager Bruce Bochy, Jake Troth, waves to the Rangers dugout after singing the national anthem before a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

Read More
Updated 3:23 AM UTC, September 7, 2024
Share

ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Italian rookie Sam Aldegheri won for the first time in the major leagues, allowing a run on three hits in six innings in the Los Angeles Angels’ 5-1 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night.

Aldegheri (1-1), the first major league pitcher born and raised in Italy, struck out seven and walked three in his second career start. Last Friday night, the 22-year-old left-hander gave up seven runs – two earned – in five innings in a 9-5 loss to Seattle.

Aldegheri, whose first exposure to the major leagues was watching videos of Dodgers star Clayton Kershaw on YouTube and streaming on Italian TV, said he has dreamed of this first win “a lot.”

“For sure it was something that I was looking to accomplish today, and I did it,” said Aldegheri, who began the season in Single-A ball in the Philadelphia organization, was acquired at the trade deadline and brought up from Double-A last Friday. “So, it feels really great.”

Aldegheri became the third Italian-born pitcher to win a major league game, the first since Marino Pieretti of the Chicago White Sox in 1949.

“This kid has an idea how to pitch,” Angels manager Ron Washington said, “and he showed that tonight.”

RELATED STORIES
Texas Rangers and RHP Nathan Eovaldi finalize $75 million, 3-year contract
Lenny Randle, major leaguer repeatedly in the spotlight for 12 seasons, dies at 75
Third baseman Urshela and Athletics finalize $2.15 million, 1-year contract

Logan O’Hoppe hit a three-run home run in the sixth inning.

O’Hoppe drove an 0-2 changeup out over the plate to deep left field off reliever José Ureña after Anthony Rendon reached on a fielding error by third baseman Josh Jung, and Mickey Moniak singled. It was O’Hoppe’s career-best 19th homer of the season.

The Angels took a 2-0 lead in the third off Gerson Garabito (0-2), who made his second start of the season and first since May 26. Zach Neto scored Brandon Drury while hitting into a bases-loaded double play, and Nolan Schanuel singled home Niko Kavadas.

Texas put runners on the corners in the sixth with none out on singles by Wyatt Langford and Jung. Adolis García hit a sacrifice fly, and Aldegheri settled down to retire Nathaniel Lowe and Ezequiel Duran on fly outs.

“Just couldn’t get it going offensively,” Rangers manager Bruce Bochy said. “His fastball played up more than it looked like. We had a hard time with it.”

The Angels’ Taylor Ward singled and walked, extending his on-base streak to a season-best 16 games.

ELVIS LEAVES THE BUILDING

Two-time AL All-Star shortstop Elvis Andrus officially retired from Major League Baseball on Friday as a Ranger. The 36-year-old Andrus played the first 12 of 15 big league seasons with Texas.

Andrus said he was most proud “that I gave it everything I had every single day, every single year.”

The announcement was timed with the weekend visit of the Angels and Washington, who managed Andrus during his first six seasons.

“I’m just happy he made me a part of it,” Washington said.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Angels: RF Jo Adell left with left oblique irritation after striking out in the second inning and was replaced by Kevin Pillar.

UP NEXT

Angels All-Star LHP Tyler Anderson (10-12, 3.55 ERA) was set to face rookie RHP Jack Leiter (0-2, 11.78) on Saturday night.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Man who fatally stabbed attack er on NYC subway won't be...
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18...
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Fired US Center for SafeSport investigator arrested on new...
Progress made in talks over Isra el-Hamas ceasefire and hosta...
Canada's former leader Chrétie n has blunt advice for Trump:...
Judge holds Rudy Giuliani in contempt of court for continue...
Rudy Giuliani has been found in contempt of court for continuing to spread lies abo...
AP News
Shadow fleet of tankers keeps Russia's oil money flowing des...
The Group of Seven democracies have sought to crimp Russia’s oil export...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night long.
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
All New Hyundai Palisade For Seniors Simply Amazes - See The...
See These New Hyundai Palisade Prices! You Won´t Believe It! Click To See Here
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Put 2025 In Its Place
YETI
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Taiwan's spy agency says China is working with gangs, shell...
Taiwan’s intelligence bureau says China’s main spy agency is working with criminal...
AP News
Pastrnak's goal in OT lifts Bruins over Panthers 4-3 and snaps...
David Pastrnak scored a power-play goal with 2 seconds left in overtime and the...
AP News
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
The New Chevy Silver ado 1500 2024 Is Utter Perfection - See The...
SeekerHub Chevy Silverado 1500
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
Germany calls a Russian oil tanker adrift in the Baltic Sea a...
An oil tanker believed to be part of Russia’s efforts to evade international...
AP News
CBS' Jim Nantz will reach a rare broadcasting milestone when ...
Jim Nantz has called many signature events during his nearly 40 years at CBS...
AP News
How Much Does Renti ng a Private Jet in 2025 Cost? The Pric...
Private Jet
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value of Your Car Instantly (Take a...
searchalike.com
Advertisement:
Learn More
Top SUVs for Seniors: Drive Comfortably and Safely
nation.com | 'best suv for seniors'
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Levels in US
Sugar Reverse:Advertisement
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle?
Puzzloom:Advertisement
Read More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates historical scenarios
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/angels-rangers-score-aldegheri-124d32bbe6438fabad78f7e21fc3c191 
 ----- 
