CLOSE
Weather
39°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
What the Mavericks need to change before their Tuesday rematch with the Nuggets
As Dallas wine bar closes, owner cites challenges like Dry January and Ozempic
Monday Outlook: A dry and cool start to the week
Jalen Hurts returns, throws two TDs in NFC Wild Card game to lead Eagles past Packers
Southwest Airlines bids farewell to two retiring top executives
Why is Jerry Jones dragging out Cowboys coaching decision with Mike McCarthy?
Is Texas doing enough to save abandoned babies?
Construction to start on new $370 million Uptown high-rises this year
Klay Thompson sizzles, but Mavs go cold late in Sunday test from Nikola Jokic’s Nuggets
Dallas-area chicken restaurant is one of the best in the country, Southern Living says
ADVERTISEMENT
THIS IS MEMBER-EXCLUSIVE CONTENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Elvis Andrus leaves baseball with fun memories, lots of laughs. But don’t forget the rest
Andrus compiled over 2,000 hits, over 300 stolen bases and saw the winningest period of baseball in Texas Rangers history.

By Evan Grant

Rangers beat writer/insider

Sep. 6, 2024
|
Updated 8:10 p.m. CDT
|
4 min. read
Texas Rangers' Elvis Andrus, left, holds his jersey with Los Angeles Angels Manager Ron Washington, right, after Andrus signed a one-day contract with the Rangers during a news conference before the baseball game between the Rangers and the Los Angeles Angels, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in Arlington. Andrus announced his retirement as an active Texas Rangers player after playing the first 12 seasons of his 15-year Major League career in Arlington.(Chitose Suzuki / Staff Photographer)

ARLINGTON — For Texas Rangers fans, he will be a kid in perpetuity.

The 20-year-old with an electric smile who ripped a double off Cliff Lee in his major league debut. The daring imp whose base running throughout the American League playoffs in 2010 helped propel the Rangers to their first World Series. The mischievous, laughing sidekick patting Adrián Beltré on the head and battling with him for pop flies.

On Friday, though, flanked by the man he replaced as the Rangers shortstop for a decade-long run and the manager whose occasional touch of tough love brought out the best in him, Elvis Andrus retired as a man whose career spoke for itself. He was presented a contract, albeit a facsimile, by special assistant to the general manager Michael Young and signed it. Then he was presented a Rangers’ jersey with his trademark No. 1 by the manager of another club, Angels skipper Ron Washington, and called it a 15-year career.

Video: Elvis Andrus retires with the Texas Rangers
Former Texas Rangers shortstop Elvis Andrus, center, announced his retirement on Friday, Sept. 6.
Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

“A lot of times people see Elvis as this young kid who had all these mentors, but he did it all in his career,” said Young, the only player to play more games for the Rangers than Andrus. “No no one else did it for him. He didn’t do it because we were there. He did it because he was good.”

The point: It’s easy to sometimes get caught up in the cute, fuzzy memories. Even Andrus himself said the most important thing about summing up his career was not any number, but that he always tried “to have the most fun.” That he did. Even his final news conference was filled with laughs. But he shouldn’t be remembered solely for laughs.

ADVERTISEMENT
Related:Former Rangers manager Ron Washington: ‘I was hard on Elvis Andrus because he was special’

In 15 seasons, the first 12 of which were with the Rangers, Andrus produced 2,091 hits and 347 steals. He is one of just 41 players to reach both the 2,000-hit and 300-steal thresholds. He was a Rookie of the Year runner-up and a two-time All-Star.

And: a winner. He arrived in 2009 and experienced exactly one losing season in his first eight seasons in the majors. The Rangers went to the postseason five times and to the World Series twice with him as the starting shortstop. He remains the Rangers’ all-time leader in postseason games played.

“I never saw myself in terms of numbers,” Andrus said. “When people ask me what I’m most proud of, it’s that I gave everything I had every single day and that every single year I had the most fun. For me, the game is fun. That’s why I played this game. I was blessed that my job was to play baseball. I always reminded myself of that, that I had to work and be serious, but to never take away the joy or that little kid too far away from myself.

ADVERTISEMENT

“You know, 2,000 hits, that didn’t really matter to me, because it was about doing my job. If I needed to sacrifice or set the table for Michael or Adrián or Josh [Hamilton], all those guys that hit behind me, that was the job. That was something [Washington] taught me at a very young age and I loved him for it. Not everybody is going to hit 40 homers or get 200 hits every year, but whatever my job was, let me be the best.”

The Texas Rangers' Elvis Andrus (center) held his jersey with Los Angeles Angels manager Ron Washington (right) after Andrus signed a one-day contract with the Rangers during a news conference before the game between the Rangers and Angels on Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in Arlington, as Rangers assistant to the GM Michael Young (left) looked on. Andrus announced his retirement as an active Rangers player after playing the first 12 seasons of his 15-year major league career in Arlington.(Chitose Suzuki / Staff Photographer)

The bond between Andrus and Washington, whose affinity for working and mentoring young infielders is legendary, was cemented early. There were times Washington “rode him hard.” Washington retold a story Friday about the first time he hit Andrus grounders in spring training. Andrus signaled he was done. Washington called him in, told him never “as long as he lives,” to tell him that he’d had enough, then sent him back to the infield. After hitting Andrus one more grounder, Washington indicated that he was done for the day. The message: The lesson will end when Washington says so.

“Everything that Elvis accomplished, he had to learn how to do it,” Washington said. “The only thing the people around him did was make sure he recognized what he was capable of doing. And he was on top of it every day.

ADVERTISEMENT

“It didn’t matter what the situation was in the ballgame; if I called on him to do something, he was able to do it. That was impressive. I rode him hard, but I rode him hard because I knew what he would become as a man and a family man. We were just guidance. You can guide a person to the water, but you can’t make them drink. Elvis did all the work.”

Yeah, Andrus came to the Rangers a kid, and for many, he will always be remembered that way.

But he walked away from baseball on Friday, surrounded by teammates and family, as a man.

Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant

ADVERTISEMENT
Related:How parenthood, belief and Adrían Beltré have helped Elvis Andrus leave baseball
All shook up: See photos as Rangers great Elvis Andrus says goodbye to baseball
12 IMAGES
VIEW GALLERY
ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

ADVERTISEMENT

Click or tap here to sign up for our Rangers newsletter.

More about:
Elvis Andrus
By Evan Grant

Evan has covered the Rangers since 1997. He has twice been named one of the top 10 beat writers in the country by the AP Sports Editors. His passions outside of covering baseball are his wife, Gina, his two step kids, two crazy dogs & barbecue. Let's not discuss the cat. Evan graduated from Georgia State University, but oddly is a Georgia fan.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
The Social Security Fairness Act: New law is a $200 billion boondoggle
2
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
3
Klay Thompson sizzles, but Mavs go cold late in Sunday test from Nikola Jokic’s Nuggets
4
What the Mavericks need to change before their Tuesday rematch with the Nuggets
5
Southwest Airlines bids farewell to two retiring top executives
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2024/09/06/texas-rangers-elvis-andrus-retirement-conference-first-pitch-ron-washington/ 
 ----- 
