Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
With depleted rotation, Ureña gives Rangers much-needed length
Share
With depleted rotation, Ureña gives Rangers much-needed length
Righty goes 5 2/3 innings in relief, but Texas bats can't get much going
September 7th, 2024

Kennedi Landry

@kennlandry
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

ARLINGTON -- The Rangers have exactly four healthy starting pitchers at this exact moment: Nathan Eovaldi, Andrew Heaney, Cody Bradford and rookie Jack Leiter.

Jon Gray and Tyler Mahle are likely done for the season with a pair of injuries. Dane Dunning has been optioned to Triple-A for the first time in his Rangers tenure. Jacob deGrom is throwing what the Rangers hope to be his final rehab assignment on Saturday with Double-A Frisco. Max Scherzer will be in Las Vegas throwing for Triple-A Round Rock.

Injuries are obviously going to happen, but things aren’t picture perfect in Arlington right now. All that to say, Friday night’s 5-1 loss to the Angels at Globe Life Field is pretty much exactly what one could expect from a bullpen day for the Rangers.

• Andrus retires as Ranger after 15-year career

A trio of relievers in Gerson Garabito, Walter Pennington and José Ureña covered the entire game, allowing five runs (four earned) on seven hits and three walks. The Halos blew the game open when Ureña surrendered a three-run homer to Angels catcher Logan O’Hoppe in the sixth inning, which was one of just three hits the right-hander allowed.

Ureña’s 5 2/3 innings is the longest relief appearance by a Ranger since Jordan Lyles’ seven frames on Sept. 7, 2021, at Arizona, though he has covered at least four innings of relief on seven separate occasions this season.

“I'm sure he'd like to have that 0-2 pitch back, a changeup that stayed up in the zone,” manager Bruce Bochy said. “But he gave us length. We just couldn't get some runs to get us back in that game.”

Related
Here's what Joc brings to Rangers' table

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Rangers trade Festa to Cubs for cash

January 9th, 2025

With rotation in murky waters, reliable Ureña struggles

August 3rd, 2024

Perfect through 5, Ureña 'had everything' against Tigers

June 6th, 2024

Ureña proving to be reliable as Rangers settle for split

April 9th, 2024

Ureña has arguably been one of the most important members of the Rangers' pitching staff this season, especially as Eovaldi, Gray, Dunning, Bradford, deGrom, Scherzer and Mahle have all been on the injured list at some point this season.

He’s been a Swiss Army Knife of sorts for the Rangers this season, having been used out of the bullpen for most of the year, while also slotting into the rotation whenever necessary. He’s emphasized on multiple occasions that he’s happy to do whatever the team asks of him. He’s done that all season long.

Ureña has a 5.08 ERA in 44 1/3 innings as a starter this season, but he has a 2.71 ERA in 63 innings as a reliever. That’s likely why he didn’t get another spot start in Friday’s game to begin with.

“He's done a terrific job,” Bochy said. “I mean, he's done everything we've asked. He threw, what, 75 pitches or whatever and saved the bullpen. He's been a very, very valuable member of the staff.”

O’Hoppe’s homer off Ureña may have blown the game open, but the Rangers' offense continued its months-long struggles, despite some production during the homestand. In the loss, Texas collected just four hits, all singles. It was the fewest hits for the club since Aug. 25 at Cleveland (also four).

The Rangers have been held scoreless in 15 of 17 innings in the two games against the Angels this season. Adolis García has provided all the runs with a three-run homer in Thursday night’s win and a sacrifice fly on Friday.

“We just couldn’t get it going offensively [tonight],” Bochy said. “Their guy pitched well. His fastball played up more than what it looked like. We had a hard time with it tonight. He pitched a good ballgame, mixed in his changeup and slider [and curveball]. We just couldn't get anything going there.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Jose Urena

Kennedi Landry covers the Rangers for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The top 10 bloopers of 2024, ranked

December 30th, 2024

Sizing up free-agent market as new year begins

January 1st, 2025

Every team's largest contracts by total value

December 28th, 2024

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/jose-urena-has-lengthy-relief-outing-as-rangers-lose-to-angels 
 ----- 
