Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Clutch Castellanos, surging Marsh power Phils past Braves
Share
Clutch Castellanos, surging Marsh power Phils past Braves
August 30th, 2024

Todd Zolecki

@ToddZolecki
Share

0:00

0:29

PHILADELPHIA -- On Tuesday, Justin Verlander threw Nick Castellanos a first-pitch fastball in the fourth inning for a strike.

Verlander said later that he ignored his instincts and followed with an 0-1 curveball. Castellanos, who sees fastballs at a lower rate than any hitter in the Majors this season, expected something soft because he almost always sees something soft. He crushed Verlander’s hanging breaking ball for a three-run home run in a victory over the Astros at Citizens Bank Park.

Castellanos found himself in a similar situation in Thursday night’s 5-4 victory over the Braves. He represented the potential go-ahead run in the seventh inning after Brandon Marsh's three-run homer in the sixth pulled the Phillies within one.

Braves right-hander Grant Holmes threw Castellanos a first-pitch fastball, which he tipped foul for a strike. Holmes then did what Verlander wanted to do, perhaps thinking Castellanos would be sitting soft: He threw Castellanos an 0-1 fastball.

Castellanos said he almost expected it after lining out on a third consecutive fastball from Charlie Morton with runners in scoring position in the first inning. Castellanos crushed Holmes’ 95.2 mph heater down the middle of the plate into the trees in center field for a two-run home run to give the Phillies the lead -- and a badly needed win against a team that has given them fits since Opening Day.

“I wouldn’t say I was hunting a fastball, but I was ready for it,” Castellanos said. “My instinct was, 'Don’t let another fastball get blown by you.'”

Related
Kepler excited to join Phillies: 'A bunch of ballers'

January 10th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

All-Trade Rumor Team: One at each position who could be on the move

November 13th, 2024

Here were the top 10 moments of an epic postseason

November 1st, 2024

Bohm, Suárez among six Phils avoiding arbitration with 2025 deals

January 10th, 2025

Answering fans' questions about Suárez's role, NLDS strategy & more

October 2nd, 2024

Holmes shook his head after the game, when asked if he wished he threw an 0-1 breaking ball instead.

“I just didn’t put it in the right spot,” Holmes said.

The Phils’ (79-55) victory extended their lead over the Braves (73-61) in the NL East to six games with 28 games to play. If the Phillies play .500 the rest of the season to finish 93-69, the Braves would need to finish 20-8 (.714) just to force a tie.

The odds are in the Phils’ favor. They can really seize control with a strong finish to the weekend.

Before Marsh homered in the sixth, the Phillies had not scored in 15 consecutive innings, dating to the eighth inning Tuesday night against Houston. They had scored only seven runs in their last 50 innings against the Braves.

This comeback victory represented one of the Phillies’ most important wins of the season.

It was why fans roared when Castellanos jogged out to his spot in right field in the top of the eighth.

“It’s fun, man,” Castellanos said. “It’s a high. It’s a cool feeling when you have everybody stand up and just show you love.”

Castellanos has been one of the Phillies’ most consistent hitters for months, batting .280 with 15 homers, 56 RBIs and an .817 OPS since May 19. Marsh, however, had been in a funk for weeks. He hit just .152 with three homers, 11 RBIs and a .487 OPS in 32 games from July 12-Aug. 22. He struck out 41 times in 102 plate appearances (40.2%) during that span.

Morton struck out Marsh in each of his first two at-bats on Thursday. The Phillies had two on with one out in the sixth when Marsh stepped into the batter’s box. The Braves had left-hander Aaron Bummer warming in the bullpen. It seemed like they would go to him, given Marsh entered the day hitting .200 with a .532 OPS against lefties this season.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

But Morton remained in the game. Marsh took a first-pitch curveball for a ball. He then barreled an 0-1 curveball over the wall in left field.

“I did something I never do -- I sat soft,” Marsh said.

Why?

“He was getting 0-1 really quick on me with that breaking ball,” Marsh said. “So I was trying not to get down in the count to him again with his plus-plus stuff. Just took my chance on it, saw it up and out and just let it fly.”

The ball carried and cleared the fence to put the Phillies within one.

“I thought I hit it too high, to be honest,” Marsh said. “But the game gave us a bone there.”

Marsh is batting .346 with two homers, five RBIs and a 1.106 OPS in his past seven games. He has struck out 10 times in 29 plate appearances (34.5%), which is an improvement. Marsh said he likes his at-bats recently because he is hitting the ball more to the opposite field.

“I feel like that’s been my little honey hole to left-center,” he said. “Just really trying to be simple. Take it back to Spring Training. These guys are good out there. The second you make it harder on yourself, the game is going to bring you down. I’m just thinking too much. You’ve just got to go up there, be an athlete and just see it and react.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies
Nick Castellanos
Brandon Marsh

Senior Reporter Todd Zolecki has covered the Phillies since 2003, and for MLB.com since 2009.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/nick-castellanos-clutch-homer-lifts-phillies-to-win-vs-braves 
 ----- 
