NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Red Sox activate 44-year-old LHP Rich Hill
Associated Press
August 27, 2024 - 9:09pm
Former Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Rich Hill delivere during the first inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies in Pittsburgh, Sunday, July 30, 2023. (Gene J. Puskar/AP)
3 comments

BOSTON — Rich Hill is back in the majors, nearly two decades and more than a dozen teams since he made his big league debut.

The Boston Red Sox selected the 44-year-old lefty from Triple-A Worcester on Tuesday as Hill tries to add a little more history to a lengthy career. One outing in 2024 would make him the only active player to appear in a game in each of the past 20 seasons.

"He looks great physically. He’s always taking care of that part. He's excited to be back," manager Alex Cora said before the Red Sox hosted the Toronto Blue Jays at Fenway Park. “He was very diligent the last few months about his craft. He’s always done it. So now, no doubt about him that physically, he’s going to be OK, throw the ball well.”

With an injury-depleted pitching staff, it's unclear how the Red Sox plan to utilize Hill and where he might fill in. He's willing to provide whatever the club needs, Cora said. 

Appropriately wearing No. 44 on his uniform, Hill could join former Boston teammate Tim Wakefield as the only pitchers to appear in a game for the Red Sox at age 44 or older. 

Wakefield holds the club mark at 45, when he last pitched on Sept. 25, 2011. The knuckleballer died last October and is being honored by the Red Sox with a No. 49 patch on their jersey sleeves this season. 

This is Hill’s fourth stint with the Red Sox, who signed him to a minor league deal Aug. 16. Hill threw two scoreless innings in a start Friday for Worcester, striking out two, walking one and hitting a batter with a pitch.

He has pitched for 13 major league teams, one short of Edwin Jackson’s record.

Hill, born in Boston, is 90-73 with a 4.01 ERA in 382 career games, including 248 starts. He also pitched for the Red Sox from 2010-12, then again in 2015 and 2022. He spent last season with the Pittsburgh Pirates and San Diego Padres.

Hill made his big league debut with the Chicago Cubs in 2005. He also has pitched for Baltimore, Cleveland, Oakland, the Angels, Yankees, Dodgers, Twins, Rays and Mets.

In other pitching moves, Boston placed right-handed relievers Luis García (elbow inflammation) and Lucas Sims (right lat strain) on the 15-day injured list. Greg Weissert and Josh Winckowski were recalled from Worcester, and fellow right-hander Brad Keller was designated for assignment.

MLB NEWS
MLBBen Nicholson-Smith
Hoffman returns to Jays with risk, huge upside
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Canada's next generation looks toward 2026 WBC
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
Adjust Preferences

With your consent we may collect cookies and information to enhance our service, and improve your experience.

Configure
Allow All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/report-red-sox-activating-44-year-old-lhp-rich-hill/ 
 ----- 
