Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
Rumors
History
Prospects
Merch
Write for us!
About
FanSided MLB Sites
Follow Us
How does pitcher Carson Spiers fit into the Reds long-term plans?

Carson Spiers will start today's game for the Cincinnati Reds.

By
Tony Travisano
|
Sep 9, 2023
Cincinnati Reds starting pitcher Carson Spiers | Kareem Elgazzar/The Enquirer / USA TODAY

The 2023 season has been one of debuts for the Cincinnati Reds. In total, there have been 16 Reds players who have taken a major league field for first time this season.

The Reds starting rotation has been crushed by injuries of late due to injuries and illness. Multiple IL placements warranted the Reds to think outside the box, meaning Carson Spiers, who hadn't pitched above Double-A, made his first major league start this past week.

Spiers will get the start for Cincinnati in today's game versus the St. Louis Cardinals, but where does the right-hander fit into the Reds long-term plans?

How does pitcher Carson Spiers fit into the Reds long-term plans?

Heading into next season, the Cincinnati Reds, on paper, seem to be heavy in the starting pitching department. Of course, as the age-old saying goes, you can never have enough pitching. 

Given the number of young pitchers in the Reds organization, does Carson Spiers fit into that group? Hunter Greene just signed a contract extension, Nick Lodolo is expected to return healthy next year, Graham Ashcraft has rebounded well, and of course there's Andrew Abbott, Brandon Williamson, and Connor Phillips as well.

Despite that group of young starters, it's also very likely that Cincinnati's front office will look to add a veteran or two to help achor the rotation next season. With all that in mind, where does Spiers fit?

Spiers has pitched well in Double-A this season. In 83 innings, the 25-year-old has posted a 3.69 ERA, and is striking out nearly 10 batters per nine innings pitched. Spiers has kept the ball in the park as well, only allowing 1.19 homers per nine innings on the mound.

Spiers, who will techinically need to be added to the 40-man roster in order to protect him from the Rule 5 Draft this offseason, should continue his development next season at Triple-A Louisville. With Spiers' ability to throw multiple pitches, he could be utilized as either a spot-starter or bullpen arm.

Carson Spiers might not be knocking down the door to the Cincinnati Reds starting rotation next year, but he shouldn’t be overlooked either. Some more time at against a higher-level of competition next season could be the perfect recipe for success. 

•
5 truths about the Cincinnati Reds that fans do not want to hear
•
3 trade deadline disasters that prove the Reds were right to stand pat
•
3 players who need to step up to keep Reds in contention
•
Who are the last 5 Reds players with 100 RBI in a single season?
Home/Reds News
Schedule
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
Mobile Apps
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://blogredmachine.com/posts/reds-how-does-carson-spiers-fit-into-long-term-plans 
 ----- 
