Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
History
Rumors
Prospects
AL EAST
AL CENTRAL
AL WEST
NL EAST
NL CENTRAL
NL WEST
About
Follow Us
MLB news: New York Yankees, St. Louis Cardinals, Atlanta Braves
By
Kevin Henry
|
Sep 10, 2023
Sep 9, 2023; Cincinnati, Ohio, USA; St. Louis Cardinals relief pitcher Ryan Helsley (56) hugs catcher Willson Contreras (40) after the victory over the Cincinnati Reds at Great American Ball Park. Mandatory Credit: Katie Stratman-USA TODAY Sports

Sure, it may be the first Sunday of the NFL season, but there are still plenty of MLB news tidbits and notes to dive into, including thoughts on the New York Yankees, St. Louis Cardinals and Atlanta Braves.

St. Louis Cardinals news: Ryan Helsley makes a statement

There have been plenty of things that have gone wrong in St. Louis in 2023, including the health of closer Ryan Helsley, who missed almost three months of the season with a forearm strain. However, Helsley is showing that he’s healthy again and can be a part of the Cardinals’ plans next season and beyond.

On Saturday night, the 29-year-old right-hander earned his first save since June 7 to help the Cardinals secure a series win over the Cincinnati Reds. It marked the second of back-to-back nights of pitching for Helsley, another good sign in his recovery and return.

You can read his thoughts about his return and the time off because of the injury here.

New York Yankees news: Derek Jeter gives praise to Anthony Volpe

It was a meeting of the generations on Saturday at Yankee Stadium as Jeter returned to the Bronx for Old-Timers’ Day. While he was there, he had good things to say about Volpe, a player the Yankees hope will carry the torch for them at shortstop for years to come.

“The thing that probably stands out the most just from talking with different coaches is the fact that whether he’s had an up and down game or week or month offensively, he doesn’t take it to the defensive side. That says a lot about his maturity, but he’s gonna get better,” Jeter told reporters about Volpe.

Volpe and the rest of the next generation of Yankees got to see some of their former idols in person on Saturday, including David Wells, who wasn’t afraid to share his thoughts about this version of the Bronx Bombers that has underwhelmed in 2023.

MLB news: Atlanta Braves could clinch postseason spot on Sunday

Atlanta, finishing up a series with the Pittsburgh Pirates, has a magic number of one heading into Sunday’s action. The Braves would be the first team to wrap up a trip to the playoffs, with the Los Angeles Dodgers having a magic number of eight to clinch the NL West.

Learn more about the current MLB postseason picture here.

NEXT: Diving into the collapse of the Texas Rangers
Related Topics
New York Yankees
Atlanta Braves
MLB News
Pittsburgh Pirates
Los Angeles Dodgers
Cincinnati Reds
Home/MLB News
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://calltothepen.com/2023/09/10/mlb-news-new-york-yankees-st-louis-cardinals-atlanta-braves/ 
 ----- 
