02 January, 2025 (Thursday)

 Latest Updates  Web Stories  Shots

Today's E-Paper

Mid-day Gujarati Inquilab Mid-day Hindi
SUBSCRIBE
 Mumbai News Entertainment Celebrity Life Sports Lifestyle Photos Podcast Timepass Sunday Mid-Day Mumbai Guide Videos Events
Yearenders Bigg Boss 18 Mid-Day Gold Bollywood News Crime News City News Horoscope Careers at Mid-Day
Breaking News
Mumbai Police penalise 23,470 motorists for violating traffic norms on New Year
32-year-old man, his wife found dead inside home in Delhi, suicide suspected
Two dead, 4 injured in tempo-SUV collision in Solapur
New Year 2025: Lakhs of devotees visit Ayodhya and Kashi Vishwanath temples
Woman Maoist along with 10 others surrenders before CM Fadnavis
Mumbai Police penalise 23,470 motorists for violating traffic norms on New Year
32-year-old man, his wife found dead inside home in Delhi, suicide suspected
Two dead, 4 injured in tempo-SUV collision in Solapur
New Year 2025: Lakhs of devotees visit Ayodhya and Kashi Vishwanath temples
Woman Maoist along with 10 others surrenders before CM Fadnavis
Mumbai Police penalise 23,470 motorists for violating traffic norms on New Year
32-year-old man, his wife found dead inside home in Delhi, suicide suspected
Two dead, 4 injured in tempo-SUV collision in Solapur
New Year 2025: Lakhs of devotees visit Ayodhya and Kashi Vishwanath temples
Woman Maoist along with 10 others surrenders before CM Fadnavis
Home > Mumbai > Mumbai News > Article > Navys Half Marathon in Mumbai Western Railway to run special local train check details
Navy's Half Marathon in Mumbai: Western Railway to run special local train, check details

Updated on: 16 November,2023 04:59 PM IST  |  Mumbai
mid-day online correspondent |

Share:    Linked Follow Us notifi
Text    
Top

Navy's Half Marathon in Mumbai: The Western Railway on Thursday said that it will run a special Mumbai Local Train for the event on Sunday

Pic/Defence PRO

Navy's Half Marathon in Mumbai: The Western Railway on Thursday said that it will run a special Mumbai Local Train for the upcoming Indian Navy's Half Marathon in Mumbai.

ADVERTISEMENT

Pause
Unmute
Loaded: 1.51%
Fullscreen



In an official statement, the Western Railway said that for the convenience of participants attending the Western Naval Command (WNC) Half Marathon. The Half Marathon will be held on 19th November and Western Railway will run one extra special slow Mumbai local train in the early morning of 19th November from Virar to Churchgate which will leave Virar at 02:30 hrs and is scheduled to reach Churchgate at 04:12 hrs.




Meanwhile, the Defence spokesperson on Thursday shared the details of the event in an official statement.




The statement said that the sixth edition of IndianOil WNC Navy Half Marathon 2023 (WNHM 23) will be held on Sunday, 19 November 2023 at Azad Maidan, Mumbai as part of the activities commemorating Navy Day. Since the inaugural edition in 2016, the WNC Navy Half Marathon has grown in scope and scale, to become the 5th largest running event in India and 2nd largest in Mumbai. 

It said, this year, the event is poised to continue on its journey of becoming “Bigger, Better and Stronger”. The race will be conducted in three categories viz. Aircraft Carrier Run (21 Km), Destroyer Run (10 Km) and Frigate Run (5 Km). As a buildup towards the event and to increase awareness towards fitness and distance running, various promo runs have been conducted, over the last three months.

The race EXPO was conducted from 03 to 05 November 2023 receiving overwhelming and unprecedented response. Attractions at the EXPO venue included live sessions from various experts towards preparation for the race, awareness with respect to medical aspects. In addition, there were a number of selfie points with medals, discounted sports products from reputed brands, souvenirs of the event, etc. This year the number of participants has grown, from 6,000 in the inaugural race held in 2016 to over 16,000.

The run is scheduled to be flagged off from Azad Maidan, near CSMT, with a message “Clean Coasts and Clean Seas make Healthy Living”. It will cover iconic locations viz. Marine Lines, Opera House, NCPA, Fort Area.

Various eminent service sports personnel (Asian Games medal winners), senior dignitaries from both military and civil organisations and participants from Indian Naval Quiz, ThinQ will be present for the event.

Event details are as follows: -

1.    Event Name: IndianOil WNC Navy Half Marathon 2023
2.    Date: 19th November 2023
3.    Time: 5:00 AM to 10:00 AM
4.    Venue: Azad Maidan
5.    Participants Registered:  Approx. 16,000
6.    Race categories: -
       (a)    Aircraft Carrier Run - 21Km (Flag-off at 0515 hrs)
       (b)    Destroyer Run - 10Km (Flag-off at 0630 hrs)
       (c)    Frigate Run - 5Km (Flag-off at 0730 hrs)
7.    Prize distribution: 0815 hrs onwards

"Exciting news! Mid-day is now on WhatsApp Channels  Subscribe today by clicking the link and stay updated with the latest news!" Click here!

Share
mumbai marathon indian navy mumbai local train mumbai trains western railway mumbai news
CLICK HERE TO REUSE THIS CONTENT
Register for FREE
to continue reading !
This is not a paywall.
However, your registration helps us understand your preferences better and enables us to provide insightful and credible journalism for all our readers.
REGISTER NOW REMIND ME LATER
Next Story : Registration Of Properties Up 30 Per Cent In Mumbai In Past One Month On Festive Demand

>

Mid-Day Web Stories
View all

ADVERTISEMENT

More Stories
Mumbai LIVE: Ex-sarpanch attacked by unidentified assailants in Thane
Nashik: Eight-year-old girl dies as truck hits two-wheeler
Govind Pansare murder case: Bombay HC stops monitoring of probe
Spotted: Akshay Kumar with Twinkle Khanna, Kiara Advani, Arhaan Khan & others
Convict to walk free after SC holds him juvenile in 2013 rape, murder case
Raveena Tandon visits Jehangir Art Gallery in Mumbai to attend an exhibition

ADVERTISEMENT



Top Authors

ADVERTISEMENT

Follow Us:      Download Our App:  
Mumbai
Mumbai News
Mumbai Crime News
Mumbai Rains
News
India News
World News
Offbeat
Opinion
Entertainment
Bollywood News
Hollywood News
Web Series
Television News
Regional Indian Cinema News
Sports
Cricket
Football
Other Sports
Lifestyle
Horoscope
Relationships
Health & Fitness
Fashion
Food
Travel
Culture
Timepass
Polls
Quiz
Comics
Crosswords
Sudoku
Manjul
Sunday Midday
Technology News
Opinion
Authors
Gujarati News
Hindi News
Urdu News
Radio City
Mumbai Guide
Mumbai Food
Things to do
Famous Personalities
About Us Advertise With Us Careers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Investor Relations Contact Us RSS  Sitemap Grievance Redressal
Kindly mail us your feedback at feedback@mid-day.com
Copyright © 2025 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookie or similar technologies, to enhance your browsing experience and provide personalised recommendations. By continuing to use our website, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
OK
Notifications Powered by 
iZooto
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mid-day.com/mumbai/mumbai-news/article/navys-half-marathon-in-mumbai-western-railway-to-run-special-local-train-check-details-23320201 
 ----- 
