We value your privacy

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Skip to content
Menu
Home
News
S/Leone Premier League
Players Abroad
African News
National Football
FSL Media Images
Zambia edge Sierra Leone in Group G AFCON qualifier
 September 10, 2024
 Alie Bittar @bittar32

On Tuesday, in a tense atmosphere, Zambia’s Chipolopolo secured their first victory in the African Cup of Nations Group G match day two, defeating Sierra Leone 3-2 at the Levy Mwanawasa Stadium.

In the opening 25 minutes, Zambia dominated the game and scored their first goal with a header by Kennedy Musonda in the 28th minute. However, Sierra Leone equalized with a great strike by Augustus Kargbo in the 33rd minute after poor defending from the host team.

Both teams showed resilience after the 35th minute in the African Cup of Nations Group G qualifier match. Sierra Leone’s coach, Amidu Karim, made four changes to the starting lineup, resulting in a better performance, especially on the left wing of the team’s attack.

Kelvin Mubanga Kampamba, a substitute from Al Nasr Benghazi, put the home side back in the lead with a good strike in the 70th minute.

Sierra Leone’s Hindolo Mustapha, coming off the bench, scored his first international goal, levelling the game 2-2 in the 73rd minute.

In the 85th minute, Kings Kangwa from Hapoel Beer Sheva scored with a clever free-kick, putting Zambia back in front for the third time after a handball from the Sierra Leone defensive, Ibrahim Sillah.

Zambia’s head coach Grant was delighted after the match and commended his players for their determination.

“It was a fantastic win; we played really well,” Grant told reporters after the match. “We created chances, but more importantly, we showed great mentality. Even after they equalized at 1-1 and then at 2-2, we never gave up. Two minutes after every goal they scored, we scored again. Many teams would have crumbled, but we kept playing and played well.”

He added, “Similarly to our performance in Ivory Coast, the players are displaying a lot of character, fighting spirit, and commitment, and I am very happy about that.”

Elsewhere, Ivory Coast defeated Chad 2-0 with goals from Jean-Philippe Krasso in the 45th minute and Oumar Diakité at the Stade Ahmadou Ahidjo in Cameroon to stay top of the group with six points ahead of October’s doubleheader against Sierra Leone.

Ivory Coast continues to lead, with Zambia close behind at three points, Sierra Leone at two, and Chad with one point.

Off the bench, @CPFC Under-21s midfielder Hindolo Mustapha levelled for Sierra Leone for his first International goal in his second appearance. 2-2 in the 73rd #AFCON2025Q #SierraLeone pic.twitter.com/Ggwjduvxso

— Alie Bittar (@bittar32) September 10, 2024

Sierra Leone suffered first defeat win in the African Cup of Nations Group G match day two, defeating Sierra Leone 3-2 at the Levy Mwanawasa Stadium.
Share This Article
More News
AFRICAN NEWS
Sudan, Niger book CHAN spots as others battle for a place in the final
By Alie Bittar @Bittar32
28/12/2024
FOOTBALL AFRICA
Sierra Leone’s Tyrese Fornah nets first Salford’s goal
By Alie Bittar @Bittar32
27/12/2024
SPORT NEWS
Ghana ready for CHAN qualifying decider against Nigeria
By Football Sierra Leone
27/12/2024
SPORT NEWS
Egypt’s Mohamed Salah reflects on Liverpool’s League title bid
By Football Sierra Leone
27/12/2024
PLAYERS ABROAD NEWS
Plymouth Argyle to assess winger Mustapha Bundu due to hamstring
By Alie Bittar @Bittar32
26/12/2024
AFRICAN NEWS
Senegalese striker Iliman Ndiaye helps Everton draw against City
By Alie Bittar @Bittar32
26/12/2024
ABOUT US
Facebook
 
X-twitter
 
Linkedin
 
Instagram
 
Youtube
CONTACT US
SIERRA LEONE CAF PAGE
SIERRA LEONE NATIONAL TEAM PROFILE
SIERRA LEONE FIFA RANKING PAGE
COPYRIGHT 2024 © FOOTBALL SIERRA LEONE | EMAIL: fsl@footballsierraleone.com | TEL +44 7861 141 119
CLICK HERE FOR OLD SIERRA LEONE FOOTBALL WEBSITE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballsierraleone.net/2024/09/10/zambia-edge-sierra-leone-in-group-g-afcon-qualifier/ 
 ----- 
