Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019
Zambia vs Sierra Leone Prediction and Betting Tips | 10th September 2024
Zambia vs Sierra Leone Prediction and Betting Tips | 10th September 2024
By
Kingsley Kobo
Modified Sep 09, 2024 09:16 GMT 
Follow Us
4
Discuss
Sierra Leone vs Ivory Coast - Africa Cup of Nations

Zambia will entertain Sierra Leone at Levy Mwanawasa Stadium in an Africa Cup of Nations qualification clash on Tuesday. Will the hosts be able to halt their losing streak in front of their home fans this time?

Zambia vs Sierra Leone Preview

Zambia have endured a six-game losing streak, with their latest setback coming against Cote d’Ivoire in Group G's first matchday on Friday. The Elephants won 2-0 at home, which leaves Zambia as the basement dwellers of the group with zero points. The hosts will be looking to get back on their feet thanks to home advantage.

Chipolopolo, who won their first and only Afcon in 2012, returned to the continental scene at the 2023 Afcon after missing the three previous editions. However, they waged a dismal campaign, crashing out of the tournament in Cote d’Ivoire, and ranking 20th out of 24 teams. A win on Tuesday could revive their confidence going forward.

Trending

Sierra Leone were held to a goalless draw at home by Chad in their group G opening match on Friday. The visitors failed to make their home advantage count in that fixture and now face a much more difficult task of winning on the road. They sit third in the group, tied on one point with second-placed Chad.

Leone Stars did not qualify for the 2023 Afcon, with their last appearance dating back to the 2021 edition, when they crashed out in the group stage. While Zambia are enduring a rough patch, Sierra Leone are not in brilliant form either, with just one win in their last seven matches in all competitions.

Zambia vs Sierra Leone Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
Zambia have won once in their last 13 matches, including three draws and nine defeats in all competitions.
Zambia have won four times and lost once in their last five matches at home in all competitions.
Zambia have conceded eight goals in their last five matches without scoring any.
Sierra Leone have drawn twice and lost thrice in their last five matches on the road in all competitions.
Zambia have lost five times in their last five matches while Sierra Leone have won once, drawn twice and lost twice. Form Guide: Zambia – L-L-L-L-L, Sierra Leone – D-D-W-L-L.
Zambia vs Sierra Leone Prediction

Zambia are on a mission to put things right by returning to winning ways. The team will be under intense pressure to deliver in front of their home fans.

Sierra Leone will attempt to capitalize on the host’s dip in form but must not underestimate the former champions in their backyard.

Zambia are expected to prevail based on home advantage.

Prediction: Zambia 2-1 Sierra Leone

Zambia vs Sierra Leone Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result – Zambia to win

Tip 2: Game to have over 2.5 goals – Yes

Tip 3: Zambia to score first – Yes

Tip 4: Sierra Leone to score - Yes

Quick Links

African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019 Zambia Football Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/zambia-vs-sierra-leone-prediction-betting-tips-10th-september-2024 
 ----- 
