HOME
CRICKET
Afghanistan stuns sloppy Australians in historic scenes to keep T20 World Cup dream alive
Fielding woes hamper Aussies early | 00:53
Nic Savage from Fox Sports
June 23rd, 2024 5:22 pm

Australia’s T20 World Cup campaign is hanging by a thread after Afghanistan clinched a thrilling 21-run victory at Kingstown’s Arnos Vale Ground on Sunday AEST.

Chasing a 149-run target in tricky conditions, Australia was bowled out for 127 in 19.2 overs to suffer its first defeat against the Asian nation in any format. Afghanistan seamer Gulbadin Naib, later named player of the match, ripped through Australia’s middle order in a career-best performance of 4-20, while fellow quick Naveen-ul-Haq snared three crucial wickets.

The historic loss means Australia will need to defeat India in Tuesday’s Super Eight clash at Gros Islet for any realistic chance of qualifying for the semi-finals, while still relying on other results and the dreaded net run rate.

MATCH CENTRE: T20 World Cup, Australia vs Afghanistan scorecard and more

Glenn Maxwell clobbered a half-century during the run chase before falling to Naib for 59 (41) — no other Australian scored more than 12.

“To be honest, they just played a really good game of cricket,” Australian captain Mitchell Marsh said during the post-match presentation.

“We were outplayed tonight.”

Earlier, Rahmanullah Gurbaz (60 off 49 balls) and Ibrahim Zadran (51 off 48 balls) combined for a 118-run opening partnership to set the platform for Afghanistan’s shock victory.

The sloppy Australians were nothing short of woeful in the field, dropping five catches of varying difficulty. Wicketkeeper Matthew Wade bottled a stumping chance while spinner Ashton Agar, controversially picked ahead of star bowler Mitchell Starc, was twice guilty of fumbling the ball over the boundary rope.

“It was an off night for us in the field, we own that,” Marsh confessed.

“We’ll be better next game.”

Current T20 World Cup Group 1 standings

1. India (2-0, 2.425 NRR)

2. Australia (1-1, 0.223 NRR)

3. Afghanistan (1-1, -0.650 NRR)

4. Bangladesh (0-2, -2.489 NRR)

To play: India vs Australia, Afghanistan vs Bangladesh

Cummins jags ANOTHER World Cup hat-trick | 00:51

Pat Cummins claimed his second hat-trick of the tournament to help restrict Afghanistan to 6-148, with all three dismissals caught in the outfield. The New South Welshman became just the fifth cricketer to take multiple hat-tricks in men’s T20Is, having also achieved the rare feat during Friday’s victory over Bangladesh.

The only other cricketer to take hat-tricks in consecutive international matches was Pakistan legend Wasim Akram.

The boisterous Afghans, having suffered heartbreak during last year’s World Cup match against Australia in Mumbai, were deserving winners, outclassing the 2021 champions in all three facets of the game.

“It’s a great moment not only for me, but for my nation, for my people,” Naib said during the post-match press conference.

“I have no words to say … we beat Australia at last!”

Rashid Khan’s team has a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals if they defeat Bangladesh at the same venue on Tuesday — they also have the added advantage of knowing the exact margin of victory required to progress to the knockouts.

Australia's David Warner is caught by Afghanistan's Noor Ahmad. Photo by Randy Brooks / AFP
Source: AFP

Earlier, Australia failed to take a wicket in the opening 15 overs for the first time in T20Is after Marsh won the toss and chose to bowl first. There was plenty of turn and variable bounce on offer at the St Vincent venue, but Afghanistan’s openers punished anything overpitched from Australia’s frustrated bowlers.

All-rounder Marcus Stoinis unearthed Australia’s first breakthrough in the 16th over when Gurbaz top-edged a pull shot towards Warner at deep square leg, sparking a frantic collapse of 6-23. The following over, leg-spinner Adam Zampa snared two wickets to swing momentum back in Australia’s favour — Azmatullah Omarzai was bowled for 2 and Zadran awkwardly spooned a half-tracker towards point.

Afghanistan captain Khan holed out towards long-on the following over to become Cummins’ first victim of the evening, with the Australian quick snaring another two wickets in the final over to complete his second hat-trick of the last 48 hours. The 31-year-old should have gained a fourth wicket in as many deliveries, but Warner uncharacteristically dropped a low catch at deep mid-wicket.

Veteran all-rounder Mohammad Nabi slapped a couple of boundaries in a late cameo to ensure Afghanistan’s innings finished with a flourish.

Multiple hat-tricks in men’s T20Is

Lasith Malinga (SL)

Tim Southee (NZ)

Mark Pavlovic (SRB)

Waseem Abbas (MLT)

Pat Cummins (AUS)

Pat Cummins of Australia. Photo by Gareth Copley/Getty Images
Source: Getty Images

Australia’s run chase got off to a woeful start, with Naveen producing an absolute peach to topple Travis Head in the opening over for a third-ball duck. Later in the Powerplay, Naveen deceived rival captain Marsh with a slower ball that was scooped towards mid-off, caught by Nabi for 12.

The Australians were suddenly reeling at 3-32 in the sixth over when Warner top-edged a sweep shot against Nabi, caught at short fine leg for 3.

Maxwell and Stoinis steadied the ship with a 39-run partnership for the fourth wicket before seamer Gulbadin Naib struck after the drinks break, with the West Australian top-edging a bouncer towards wicketkeeper Gurbaz for 11. Tim David called for a review after Naib trapped him on the pads in his following over, but ball-tracking suggested the delivery would have clipped leg stump.

While carnage unfolded at the other end, Maxwell brought up his half-century in 35 deliveries to keep Australia’s hopes alive heading into the final six overs. However, Gurbaz ensured the Victorian wouldn’t repeat his Mumbai heroics from last year, with Noor Ahmad holding onto a superb low catch at backward point.

The fired-up Gurbaz removed Wade and Cummins in quick succession to expose Australia’s tail, while Naveen put the result beyond doubt after bowling Cummins with a well-disguised slower ball.

Afghanistan players celebrate. Photo by Gareth Copley/Getty Images
Source: Getty Images

“It’s a great feeling,” Khan said after the match.

“Super proud of the guys, they really have delivered.”

The ground literally shook in Kingstown as Afghanistan celebrated the win, with the Saint Vincent capital experiencing a minor earthquake tremor moments after the game’s completion.

Australia will next face India in a must-win Super Eight clash at St Lucia’s Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium, with the first ball scheduled for 12.30am.

“We just need to win,” Marsh continued.

“And there’s no better team to do it against.”

Relive all the action in our live blog below! Can’t see the blog? CLICK HERE

SPORTS
AFL
NRL
FOOTBALL
CRICKET
MOTORSPORT
RUGBY
NFL
BASKETBALL
TENNIS
GOLF
POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
RELEVANT ADS OPT-OUT
FOX SPORTS DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION TERMS
FAQ'S AND CONTACT US
COOKIES POLICY
DATA USAGE POLICY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ACCESSIBILITY
SITEMAP
RSS FEEDS
STAY CONNECTED ON SOCIAL MEDIA
FOX SPORTS AUSTRALIA 2021 ©
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com.au/cricket/aussies-to-qualify-to-for-semifinals-if-they-topple-afghanistan-t20-world-cup-live/news-story/b616c131b58f2ed2368e07b375378339 
 ----- 
