Toggle navigation
HOME
INDIA
WORLD
BUSINESS
SPORTS
ENTERTAINMENT
WEB STORIES
REVIEWS
VIDEOS
LEISURE
SCI/TECH
MORE
Home  News  Sports
T20 World Cup: Afghanistan shock Australia by 21 runs in Super 8s match

Australia now staring at early elimination from the World Cup

PTI
Updated: June 23, 2024 12:25 IST
(File) Afghanistan players celebrate after defeating Australia by 21 runs in their men's T20 World Cup cricket match at Arnos Vale Ground, Kingstown | AP

Afghanistan pulled off an upset of epic proportions with a shock 21-run win over mighty Australia in the T20 World Cup with Gulbadin Naib's four-wicket haul upending Pat Cummins' hat-trick to produce one of the most memorable days in Afghan cricket.


Using the slower balls smartly on a difficult batting wicket, Afghanistan defended their total of 148 for six for their first-ever win over Australia in international cricket.

Australia were all out for 127 in 19.2 overs in the Super Eight contest and they are now staring at early elimination from the World Cup. Australia now must win their match against India on Monday and also hope that Afghanistan lose to Bangladesh in their next match.

Afghanistan openers Rahmanullah Gurbaz (60) and Ibrahim Zadran (51) forged a 118-run partnership setting up base for a challenging total but Pat Cummins registered his second successive hat-trick spread across two overs to restrict Afghanistan to a manageable total.

Australia were reduced to 32 for 3 in the powerplay but Glenn Maxwell slammed a 41-ball 59 to somewhat resurrect the chase. However, Naib's timely strikes proved crucial in toppling the 2021 champions.

Afghanistan exacted revenge for their defeat in Mumbai during the ODI World Cup. Maxwell had snatched victory from Aghans at that time and on Saturday too he threatened to deny them but Naib's brilliance ensured them the win. Afghanistan players jumped in joy and were joined by their support staff members to celebrate the win.

The result has opened up Group 1 as both Australia and Afghanistan now have one win each with one match to go, while India sits atop the table with two wins from as many games.

Defending 149 on a spin-friendly wicket, Afghanistan had the perfect start as Naveen-ul-Haq picked up two early wickets with the new ball to peg Australia back. First Naveen cleaned up Travis Head for a duck with a fuller delivery and then he deceived the skipper Mitch Marsh with a slower delivery as he holed out to Nabi.

Maxwell eased the pressure with two fours off Azmatullah but Nabi removed David Warner (3), who went for a slog sweep only to find Noor Ahmad as Australia scored the lowest powerplay score of 33 for 3 this World Cup.

Maxwell, who had tormented Afghanistan during the ODI World Cup last year, continued to find the boundaries as he clattered spinner Nangeyalia Kharote for a four and a six.

Naib then struck twice to give Afghanistan hope as he surprised Marcus Stoinis with a bouncer. The batter top-edged it to find Gurbaz. He next trapped Tim David as Australia slipped to 85 for 5 in the 13th over.

Maxwell slammed a six off Rashid Khan and Naib in 12th and 13th overs to keep Australia's chase on track. Naib returned to pick his most prized cap, dismissing the dangerous Maxwell in the 15th over and then Rashid removed Matthew Wade as their chase fell apart.

Naib next knocked off the stumps of Cummins, while Naveen claimed his third victim by removing Ashton Agar. Azmatullah ended the proceedings by dismissing Josh Hazlewood.

Earlier, Gurbaz and Ibrahim notched up their third century stand of this T20 World Cup with a 118-run partnership. The duo capitalised on their chances as Australia had to wait till the 16th over for their first breakthrough.

Gurbaz slammed four maximums and as many fours in his 49-ball stay, while Zadran hit six boundaries during his 48-ball knock. Stoinis got rid of Gurbaz with an off-cutter, while in the next over, Adam Zampa cleaned up Azmatullah Omarzai with a slider.

Looking for big hits, Afghanistan lost wickets thereafter with Cummins dismissing Rashid Khan, Karim Janat and Gulbadin Naib to become the first player to pick up two hat-tricks in T20 World Cups.

ALSO READ
VIDEO | Reliving Matthew Wade's epic innings against Pakistan in 2021 T20 World Cup semifinal
The legend of King Virat: How Kohli had to be Kohli to help India win T20 World Cup final
Young Virat Kohli loved eating and partying; sacrificed taste buds for fitness: Shreevats Goswami
Jasprit Bumrah's physics, chemistry and maths this T20 World Cup
TAGS
ICC T20 Men's World Cup
 
T20 World Cup Cover Story

Join our WhatsApp Channel to get the latest news, exclusives and videos on WhatsApp

READ MORE
Russian troops target Novovasylivka; Ukraine struggles with enemy's 'manpower superiority'
'Then he would have agreed': Rodri responds to Cristiano Ronaldo's Ballon d’Or criticism
Mohanlal to collaborate with Ajay Devgn for ‘Drishyam 3’? Here’s what the actor has to say
GST Collection 2024: Which Indian state pushed Gujarat out from top 5 GST collectors in December?
India’s SpaDeX mission: Mastering the precision of autonomous space docking
EDITOR'S PICK
'This is the closest India and the UAE have ever been': Reem Al-Hashimy, UAE Minister of State for International Cooperation
How Lisa Rani Ray cracked the code for a healthy body and mind
A Maldivian, born with spinal muscular atrophy, is beating all odds to pursue excellence
Evolving luxury

*Articles appearing as INFOCUS/THE WEEK FOCUS are marketing initiatives

Terms & Conditions Privacy & Statement

Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved

 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theweek.in/news/sports/2024/06/22/t20-world-cup-afghanistan-shock-australia-by-21-runs-in-super-8s-match.html 
 ----- 
