skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Border Gavaskar Trophy
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketAfghanistan play to their strengths to defeat Australia in mammoth T20 World Cup upset
Premium
Afghanistan play to their strengths to defeat Australia in mammoth T20 World Cup upset
Openers Rahmanullah Gurbaz and Ibrahim Zadran build the foundation with a century partnership and Gulbadin Naib (4/20) gives Pat Cummins a taste of his own medicine, as Afghanistan score a famous win over Australia
Written by Lalith Kalidas
Updated: June 24, 2024 07:55 IST
5 min read
Afghanistan players celebrate an Australia wicket during the men's T20 World Cup cricket match at the Arnos Vale Ground, Kingstown, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines on Sunday. (AP Photo)

“They got 20 too many.”

Mitchell Marsh’s admission at the end of an epochal night was perhaps the most subtle first reaction to Afghanistan’s stunning upheaval of the former champions in Kingstown.

After a reality check in the previous Super 8 game against India, Afghanistan realised sticking to their original strengths, one of which helped them beat England, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, New Zealand, and now Australia across the 50-over and T20 World Cups within a year, was the best way forward.

ADVERTISEMENT

And so when Australia surprisingly elected to bowl first at the Arnos Vale Stadium, where the previous three wins were etched out by teams defending totals, even as low as 106 and 115, Afghanistan were not quite unruffled as they fell back onto their group-stage XI. It was a unit that best exuded the strengths of Afghanistan even as their middle-order frailties laid bare open.

Openers Rahmanullah Gurbaz and Ibrahim Zadran did not stutter even as Australia nailed down 25 dot balls within the Powerplay. The scoring shots, two effervescent straight sixes from Gurbaz off Pat Cummins and Josh Hazlewood and Zadran’s late charge in the sixth over with flashy fours on either side of the square, kept the engine room steady.

Afghanistan’s Gulbadin Naib celebrates after defeating Australia by 21 runs in their men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Arnos Vale Ground, Kingstown, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Sunday, June 22, 2024. (AP Photo)

Marsh would toss in his variety of spins with Adam Zampa, Ashton Agar, and Glenn Maxwell between overs 7-10, but the openers sagely waded through at a run-a-ball rate for 24 runs. The three-figure mark took another 20 balls as the duo masked the middle-order as much as possible with their third 100-plus opening stand – the only pair to achieve at least one such partnership this tournament. Call it foresight or acute consciousness from the openers and the Afghan think tank, the side would freefall from 118 for no loss to 148 for six within 25 deliveries, including a second Pat Cummins hat-trick in succession.

The last thirty minutes of the innings would have boosted the Afghan seamers as the slower deliveries tossed in by Cummins with good effect were right up their alley.

ADVERTISEMENT
Also Read | Where does Afghanistan's win over Australia leave India in the race for a semi final spot

The spirits would have been simmering when Naveen-ul-Haq’s first delivery to Travis Head reared away sharply from the brim of the left-hander’s off-stump. It only took an amendment in line. The slinging right-armer magically darted the ball inward and scuttled the ball towards the middle-and-leg stump two balls later, with Head’s swinging bat falling across the line. The 20-run cushion which Marsh highlighted also meant Naveen would not shy away from plotting dismissals by dangling a few carrots. A fuller delivery waltzed to the cover boundary, but Naveen’s angular smarts at the crease would allow an in-dipping slower ball on the off-stump, inviting a ballooning mis-hit from Marsh to the cover fielder.

In a trice, Australia were three down within the Powerplay in a progressively stifling chase, and the familiarities from Wankhede 2023 kicked back in. Glenn Maxwell was back up and running, admirably quelling the middle-overs venom from Rashid and Noor Ahmad. For once Maxwell was not alone as Marcus Stoinis strode along with firm sweeps off the spinners. Australia chugged along with the asking rate until the halfway mark, with Rashid ringing in as many as eight bowlers. Rashid’s final dial, Gulbadin Naib, proved to be the most decisive on a strip of uneven bounce.

Naib’s surprise bumper scalped Stoinis caught-behind before a clever back-of-a-length delivery would skim low onto the pads past a towering Tim David’s flick in his next over. Maxwell did not take any of it as he raised his half-century, a first since February, in 35 deliveries with a six off Naib.

Also Read | T20 World Cup 2024 Super 8 Points Table: Australia’s defeat to Afghanistan throws open Group 1; England thrash USA by 10 wickets to qualify for semis

But Arnos Vale was no Wankhede, and the niceties of the pitch had eventually died down. Maxwell lunged at a pace-on delivery from Naib through cover, only for it to clip the outside half and lob towards point, with Ahmad springing forward to scoop up a ball he would cling onto for life. Naib (4/20) capped off his momentous night by sending Cummins a taste of his own medicine – a cheeky slower one aimed at the base of the stumps.

ADVERTISEMENT

149 amplified as an insurmountable task as the Afghan nous prevailed in bundling Australia for the first time in the tournament. It also brought the mighty side back to the mortal worlds of net run rates and equations. Fun time is effectively over for the all-star Australians on the Caribbean shores as they battle the possibility of losing out on the semifinals at the hands of India and rewarding Afghanistan with a chance to channel their destiny at the same venue on Tuesday.

More Premium Stories

For Indian nurse on death row in Yemen, hope hangs

Amid farm protest, Punjab’s well of goodwill may be drying

Gambhir cracks whip on Team India's chaotic dressing room

India’s billionth baby: Aastha, an Army nurse with a dream

How to raise a boy: The challenge of raising a

2024 was the year of women in cinema. Let’s do

IC-814 hijack survivor: ‘Only your family is worth the fight’

Clinton visit 2000 | ‘You cook Dal Bukhara? Got my

‘Women fought for Uttarakhand...we hope for a safer place’

UPSC Key: H-1B visas, Manipur Violence and UDISE Plus Report

Looking at 2025, Tech: Rising above the AI line

2024’s biggest takeaway: The country needs a system that cares

Tavleen Singh on Manmohan Singh: The man who changed India

Jerry Pinto sees life in the white and quiet world

Sharad Kelkar's show on realities of medical profession

Sharmila Tagore: 'Film awards once celebrated the industry'

Winter travel special: Under the Moringa Tree’s Shadow

© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
Lalith Kalidas

Lalith Kalidas is a Senior Sub-Editor with the sports team of The Indian Express. Working with the online sports desk, Lalith specializes in the happenings on the cricket field, with a particular interest in India's domestic cricket circle. He also carries an affinity towards data-driven stories and often weaves them into cricketing contexts through his analysis. Lalith also writes the weekly stats-based cricket column - 'Stats Corner'. A former cricketer who has played in state-level tournaments in Kerala, he has over three years of experience as a sports journalist. Lalith also covered the 2023 ODI World Cup held in India.
... Read More

TAGS:
Afghanistan
Afghanistan Cricket
Afghanistan Cricket Team
Icc T20 World Cup
T20 World Cup
T20 World Cup 2024
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
Manmohan Singh Wasn’t A ‘Weak PM’ – He Was A Shrewd Politician
Will Implement Recommendations Of Expert Panel On NEET-UG Exam: Centre To SC
Blinkit Launches 10-Minute Ambulance Service In Gurgaon
‘Sridevi Taught Me Elegance, Khushi Kapoor Has Her Attention To Detail; Janhvi Likes To Create Things’: Stylist Tanya Ghavri
Florida Influencer Gets Bit By Deadly Rattlesnake, Continues Filming After Bite: ‘I’m Fine, Just A Scratch’
Criminalising Beggars In India: A Colonial Legacy
Researchers Train AI To Successfully Perform Complex Surgeries
Random Piece Positions, 960 Possible Starts: What Is Freestyle Chess, Which Led To Magnus Carlsen Clashing With FIDE?
Nayanthara, Vignesh Shivan Spend Time With R Madhavan, Sarita On Their Yacht In Dubai. Watch
Russian National Arrested For Digital Arrest Scam In Gujarat
CM Soren Pays Tributes To Kharsawan Tribal Martyrs: What Was The Massacre Likened To ‘Jallianwala Bagh’
UPSC Key: Russia’s Oldest Gas Route To Europe, Nati Binodini And Gas Pricing In India
OpenAI Misses Deadline For Tool Allowing Creators To Opt-Out Of AI Training: Report
All Infra Projects In Maharashtra To Have Unique ID: CM Devendra Fadnavis
University Of Hyderabad Invites Application For MBA Admission, CAT Mandatory
Life In A Foreign University | From Jadavpur University, To TISS And MBA From Portugal
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/afghanistan-upset-australia-super-8-t20-world-cup-pat-cummins-hat-trick-9409483/ 
 ----- 
