Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
What channel is NY Mets vs Phillies today? How to watch Game 2 of NLDS
Gannett
DAVE RIVERA, NORTHJERSEY.COM
October 6, 2024 at 1:02 AM
Oct 5, 2024; Philadelphia, PA, USA; New York Mets second baseman Jose Iglesias (11) celebrates with New York Mets outfielder Tyrone Taylor (15) after scoring a run against the Philadelphia Phillies in the eighth inning in game one of the NLDS for the 2024 MLB Playoffs at Citizens Bank Park. Mandatory Credit: Eric Hartline-Imagn Images

Can the New York Mets keep this going?

Coming off another late-inning comeback playoff victory on Saturday, the Mets look to keep their momentum going Sunday against the Philadelphia Phillies in Game 2 of the National League Division Series.

If the Mets can pull off another win, they would take a 2-0 lead in this best-of-five series. The winner advances to the National League Championship Series.

But it won't be easy to defeat the Phillies again at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia.

Here's how to watch Sunday's Game 2:

What channel is NY Mets vs Phillies today? Time, TV schedule

Time: 4:08 p.m.

TV: FS1

The Mets and Phillies will broadcast nationally on FS1 for Game 2 of their NL Division Series.

Mets vs. Phillies NLDS schedule

Game 1: Mets 6, Phillies 2

Game 2: Mets at Phillies, 4:08 p.m. Sunday, FS1

Game 3: Phillies at Mets, TBD Tuesday, FS1

Game 4, if necessary: Phillies at Mets, TBD Wednesday, FS1

Game 5, if necessary: Mets at Phillies, TBD Friday, FS1

This article originally appeared on NorthJersey.com: What channel is NY Mets vs Phillies today? How to watch NLDS Game 2

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
Harper's Bazaar
Duchess Meghan and Prince Harry release statement on LA wildfires
People
Mandy Moore reveals 'main part' of home 'still standing,' shares photos of destructio…
Finance
USA TODAY
JCPenney merges with Forever 21's parent company Sparc Group to create new entity
Cheapism
Trader Joe's is rapidly opening new stores nationwide — here's where
Food
Food & Wine
The 6 best nonalcoholic spirits including alternatives for gin, tequila, and mezcal
Delish
Our pepper steak is the surefire stir-fry that's infinitely adaptable
Lighter Side
Good Morning America
Los Angeles restaurants, chefs, food trucks help serve relief to fire victims, evacue…
Town & Country
Jimmy Carter's Georgia ranch house will be turned into a museum
News
USA TODAY
'Unprecedented' fires still torching LA area; 180,000 told to flee: Live updates
The Telegraph
Sotheby’s to auction island – but the locals won’t let go without a fight
Weather
USA TODAY
Is the South ready for snow? A look at forecasts in Florida, Georgia, Texas, Alabama,…
AccuWeather
Major winter storm to bring dangerous ice and snow from Texas to Georgia, Carolinas

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/channel-ny-mets-vs-phillies-080258988.html 
 ----- 
