Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Ohio State vs Texas
Vince McMahon
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Brewers clinch 3rd NL Central title in 6 seasons despite loss to Cardinals and with help from Braves
1 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ Freddy Peralta is doused as the Brewers celebrate after clinching the NL Central, after a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

2 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ players celebrate after clinching the National League Central Division after a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

3 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ owner Mark Attanasio and wife Debbie celebrate after clinching the National League Central Division after a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

4 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ players celebrate after clinching the National League Central Division after a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

5 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ Joel Payamps celebrates with teammates after clinching the National League Central Division after a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

6 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ owner Mark Attanasio and wife Debbie celebrate with broadcaster Bob Uecker after clinching the National League Central Division after a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

7 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ pose for a picture after clinching the National League Central Division after a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

8 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ Brandon Woodruff is douced as they celebrate after clinching the National League Central Division after a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

9 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ players celebrate after clinching the National League Central Division after a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

10 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ players celebrate after clinching the National League Central Division after a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

11 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ players celebrate after clinching the National League Central Division after a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

12 of 17 |  

St. Louis Cardinals starting pitcher Miles Mikolas throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Milwaukee Brewers Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

13 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ Sal Frelick makes a running catch on a ball hit by St. Louis Cardinals’ Paul Goldschmidt during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

14 of 17 |  

St. Louis Cardinals’ Richie Palacios hits a two-run scoring double during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Milwaukee Brewers Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

15 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ Carlos Santana hits and RBI double during the third inning of a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

16 of 17 |  

Milwaukee Brewers’ William Contreras hits a single during the third inning of a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

17 of 17 |  

St. Louis Cardinals’ Tommy Edman hits a home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Milwaukee Brewers Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Milwaukee. (AP Photo/Morry Gash)

BY  TOM KERTSCHER
Updated 3:33 AM UTC, September 27, 2023
Share

MILWAUKEE (AP) — The Milwaukee Brewers clinched the NL Central title with help from the MLB-leading Atlanta Braves.

Milwaukee claimed the division crown for the third time in six seasons Tuesday night, despite a 4-1 loss to the last-place St. Louis Cardinals and with the help of a come-from-behind win by the Braves.

Milwaukee clinched its second division crown in three seasons when the Chicago Cubs dropped a 7-6 decision to the Braves. Atlanta overcame a six-run deficit to eliminate the wild-card contending Cubs from the division race.

The Milwaukee crowd roared as the ninth inning of the Cubs-Braves game was shown on the scoreboard.

“You could just sense something was going on in the stands a little bit,” Milwaukee manager Craig Counsell said. “Then I turned behind me and looked down the tunnel and some of the clubhouse guys were scurrying around way too fast for us losing 4-1. So I knew something was going on then.”

The Brewers had clinched no worse than a wild-card berth on Friday, with a 16-1 win over the Marlins in Miami. But they missed two chances to clinch the division title by losing to Miami on Saturday and Sunday, scoring a total of five runs in those two games.

RELATED STORIES
Pitchers dominate Rule 5 draft, comprising 11 of 15 unprotected players picked in big league phase
Jake Bauers returns to Milwaukee Brewers on minor league contract
Brewers acquire RHP Grant Anderson from Rangers for minor league LHP Mason Molina

“You dream of this, but you know how hard it is to get here,” principal owner Mark Attanasio said. “Last year, we felt we were going to be in the same position and we were reminded of how hard it is to clinch. Everybody in that clubhouse built off that.

“You never know how you’re going to get there. This was great to celebrate with all our fans.”

Milwaukee rookie Sal Frelick said: “It’s so fun and something you want to do,” as teammates poured beer down the back of his new Central Division Champions shirt. “It’s something I’ve never experienced. It’s so fun, something I want to do for a long time.”

St. Louis starter Miles Mikolas (8-13) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings, as the Cardinals tried to play the role of spoilers. He struck out five batters and walked two, throwing 101 pitches.

Mikolas had given up five earned runs in five innings in his previous start, a loss to the Brewers in St. Louis.

“He’s been beat up, so he needed it,” manager Oliver Marmol said of Mikolas’ outing. “To navigate a lineup like that and being able to go seven was good.”

Milwaukee took a 1-0 lead in the third inning. Christian Yelich, who walked, scored on a double by Carlos Santana. But William Contreras, who singled in the fifth, was the only other baserunner for the rest of the game.

Milwaukee batted 1 for 6 with runners in scoring position.

Ryan Helsley struck out all three batters in the ninth inning for his 13th save.

Milwaukee starter Adrian Houser (7-5) retired the first nine batters, then allowed four runs.

The Cardinals took a 2-1 lead in the fourth inning on a double by Richie Palacios. They extended their lead to 4-1 in the fifth following a two-base error by second baseman Brice Turang.

After Andrew Knizner walked, José Fermín hit a grounder that Turang tried to glove while touching second base with his foot. The ball got past him into center field and Knizner advanced to third base.

Knizner scored on Masyn Winn’s sacrifice fly, but centerfielder Sal Frelick threw out Fermin at third. Tommy Edman followed with a solo home run, his 13th.

UECKER’S HUMOR

Celebrating on the field with Brewers players and fans who remained in the stands, Brewers radio announcer Bob Uecker, 89, a former major league catcher, joked that he would return as a player. “I will start spring training a week after we win the World Series,” he said.

WAINWRIGHT EXITS

Adam Wainwright said he is ending his career. The 42-year-old right-hander, a three-time All-Star, pitched all 18 of his seasons with the Cardinals, who won the 2006 World Series in his second year. Wainwright won his 200th game in his final start, Sept. 18. It was the longest outing this season for Wainwright (5-11, 7.40 ERA). “I felt kind of like Kevin Costner in that movie where I’m thinking, I can do this one more time,” he said of using a curveball to retire Brewer Josh Donaldson with his final pitch.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Cardinals: LHP JoJo Romero (knee tendinitis), who went on the injured list on Sept. 4, won’t be with the team in Milwaukee, Marmol said.

Brewers: Placed RHP Trevor Megill on the paternity list and recalled RHP Colin Rea from Triple-A Nashville.

’UP NEXT

The second of the three-game series pits Brewers LHP Wade Miley (9-4, 3.20 ERA) against Cardinals LHP Zack Thompson (5-7, 4.57 ERA).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Use an AI Writing Tool That Actually Understands Your...
Grammarly
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Charges against men accused of shooting at Black FedEx driver dismissed
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be...
A judge has ruled that a Wisconsin woman who stabbed her sixth grade classmate t...
AP News
Scootmobiel kopen?
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Klik hier
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kouse n en zeggen dat ze...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Heeft u moeite met lange stukken wand...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Klik hier
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgev...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Elevate Business Writi ng With This Deskto...
Grammarly
Advertisement:
Learn More
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met dit...
Beveilig jouw huis vandaag nog: Alarm met beveiligingscamera's. Ontvang jouw prijsi...
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer deze truc van 5 seconden vandaag...
GlucoSerenity
Advertisement:
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun aut...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrisc he auto's kopen, zie...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
A military doctor has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing dozens of soldiers at...
AP News
Alleen vandaag - Adid as tot -33% korting.
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Bloedsuikerhelper
Advertisement:
Tot wel 13 kg gewicht sverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verbazin...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
ACLU sues Florida Gov. DeSantis for not calling special elections...
The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit accusing Florida Gov. Ron...
AP News
Trump wants to change colleges nationwide. GOP-led states...
As President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office, both conservative and...
AP News
Seeing around corners : Personalization Seein g around corners: Pe...
CIO | Google & Shopify
Advertisement:
Ontdek hoe slim je bent. Beantwoord 22 vragen en ontdek ho...
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
5-sterrencamping en -glamping in het hart van de Sologne
Sandaya
Advertisement:
Meer lezen
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Alleen deze The North Face tot -50%* in de uitverkoop.
Limango:Advertisement
Nu winkelen
Winning the holiday rush
CIO | Google & Shopify:Advertisement
Veel senioren niet op de hoogte van gratis autoverzekering op basis van hun leeftijd! (Zoek hier)
WallStreet Viral:Advertisement
Nu zoeken
Geen honger, geen strenge diëten? met deze capsules verbrandt je buikvet de hel...
consumer-review.eu:Advertisement
Meer informatie
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/brewers-cardinals-nl-central-58394184f7f25e1525978567682ebd6e 
 ----- 
