ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTS NEWS PHOTOS UPDATED: SEPT. 27, 2023 AT 9:34 AM
MLB: Milwaukee Brewers lose to St. Louis Cardinals but clinch NL Central title (15 images)
By Wade Sheridan
The Milwaukee Brewers clinched the National League Central title after losing to the St. Louis Cardinals 4-1 at American Family Field in Milwaukee on Tuesday. The Brewers won their third NL Central title in six seasons after a Chicago Cubs fielding error led to an Atlanta Braves victory.



The Milwaukee Brewers celebrate after winning the National League Central Division championship at American Family Field in Milwaukee on September 26, 2023. The Brewers, who lost earlier to the St. Louis Cardinals 4-1, won the championship when the Chicago Cubs lost to the Atlanta Braves. Photo by Tannen Maury/UPI
License photo | Permalink
The Brewers dance on the field in celebration. Photo by Tannen Maury/UPI
License photo | Permalink
The Brewers pose for a team photo. Photo by Tannen Maury/UPI
License photo | Permalink
Cardinals second baseman Tommy Edman watches his ball as he flies out to left field in the first inning. Photo by Tannen Maury/UPI
License photo | Permalink
ADVERTISEMENT
 BACK TO TOP
About UPI Contact Corrections Advertisements
Copyright © 2025 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of UsePrivacy Policy

Welcome to upi.com

upi.com asks for your consent to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 710 TCF vendor(s) and 646 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.upi.com/Sports_News/Photos/MLB-Milwaukee-Brewers-lose-to-St-Louis-Cardinals-but-clinch-NL-Central-title/14136/ 
 ----- 
