This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy

Cookie Settings

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
ADVERTISEMENT
Minnesota News You Can Use
Subscribe

TWINS

Bailey Ober back in Twins rotation after brief demotion to St. Paul, will start Friday

Bailey Ober made only one start with the Saints as the Twins attempt to limit his workload.

By Bobby Nightengale

SEPTEMBER 15, 2023 AT 1:06AM
Twins righthander Bailey Ober has thrown 145⅓ innings this season; he had never thrown more than 109 in his career before now. (Richard Tsong-Taatarii, Star Tribune/The Minnesota Star Tribune)
ADVERTISEMENT

CHICAGO – Bailey Ober admits he was surprised when he was optioned to the minor leagues on Aug. 28, a move the Twins made to conserve the number of innings he's thrown.

"I can definitely see their perspective on things," said Ober, who has thrown 145⅓ innings between the majors and Class AAA after never crossing 109 innings in a season previously in his career. "Hopefully, it works out for both of us in the long run and these upcoming weeks."

Ober, who has posted a 3.67 ERA through 22 starts this season, doesn't know if the Twins will keep limitations on him for the remainder of the season. He went 13 days between starts before his five-inning outing with the Class AAA St. Paul Saints last weekend. The Twins are planning to activate him Friday for a start against the White Sox.

During his near two-week break, Ober had two bullpen sessions and faced hitters in a live batting practice session to keep his arm in shape.

"With the minor league schedule, it's a little bit tougher grind than it is up here," Ober said. "Eight-hour bus rides and stuff like that. I feel good and I'm ready to throw."

Even if the demotion caught Ober off guard, the next couple of weeks are an important audition to show he deserves a spot on the postseason roster. Ober has a 5.85 ERA in eight starts following the All-Star break.

"I was a little surprised, but it is what it is," Ober said. "I try to take it day by day. Now I'm back here."

Rookie dress-up day

When Royce Lewis looked at his locker after Wednesday's game against the Rays, his clothes were gone and there was a package sitting on his chair.

ADVERTISEMENT

"Honestly, I thought it was something from Adidas for me," Lewis said. "I ordered some warmer clothes because it's about to be freezing."

It wasn't quite athletic gear. It was a Dr. Evil costume from the "Austin Powers" films. Pablo López and Kyle Farmer picked out the costumes for their rookie teammates. Edouard Julien dressed as a Canadian Mountie. Matt Wallner was Buddy the Elf. Louie Varland was Scooby Doo. Joey Casey, the Twins' replay review guy, paired with Lewis as Dr. Evil's Mini-Me.

López and Farmer spent a game chatting in the dugout about which costume each rookie should wear.

"When I was a rookie, we got dropped off in Times Square," said López, who dressed as a Minion from the "Despicable Me" films and Curious George in his two seasons with rookie eligibility. "There are millions of people looking at you. The exposure, it's part of the experience for them to remember."

After the team flight, the Twins took their rookies to a Chicago restaurant, Joy District, in full costume.

"There were people smiling like, 'This is weird,' " Lewis said. "If I was at dinner, I saw a bunch of people dressed up in costume, it'd be kind of random. It was those kinds of looks. Smiley, 'Who's that?' You could tell people were trying to guess, 'I don't know what that guy is.' But it was fun, man. The waiters had a good time messing with us, too."

ADVERTISEMENT

Farmer added: "Just making the young guys feel like idiots for a day. That's the main point of it. I think we accomplished it."

Etc.

• Carlos Correa remained out of the lineup Thursday, his second consecutive day off as the shortstop continues to play through plantar fasciitis in his left foot. "I'm hopeful that he comes back [Friday] and there's a real positive effect from that," Twins manager Rocco Baldelli said. "Time will tell, but that's the goal. I think it's the right move for him."

• Randy Dobnak allowed nine hits and six runs in 5⅔ innings in the Saints' 9-3 road loss to the Iowa Cubs. Jair Camargo, who totaled three hits, hit his career-high 19th home run of the season.

Share
Comment
ABOUT THE WRITER
Bobby Nightengale
MINNESOTA TWINS REPORTER

Bobby Nightengale joined the Minnesota Star Tribune in May, 2023, after covering the Reds for the Cincinnati Enquirer for five years. He's a graduate of Bradley University.

See More
More from Twins
See More

TWINS

Twins acquire catcher Diego Cartaya from Dodgers; arbitration eligible players all agree to contracts

Diego Cartaya was a promising prospect who stalled in the Los Angeles organization.

SPORTS

Justin Verlander and the Giants agree to a $15 million, 1-year contract, AP source says

Justin Verlander and the San Francisco Giants have agreed to a $15 million, one-year contract, according to a person with direct knowledge of the negotiations.

TWINS

Twins say they want to play in Minneapolis for decades to come

The team has agreed in principle to extending its lease through 2059 if the Legislature signs off on continuing the sales tax that built Target Field.

Around the Web
Do You Speak English? You May Be Able to Work a USA Job From Home in NL
ONLINE JOB IN USA
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
DUBAI VILLAS
Tinnitus Worsens by Evening? Do This Immediately (Watch)
GROWTH ADVICE
Groningen: Repossessed Car Prices Might Surprise You
REPOSSESSED CARS | SEARCH ADS
Surgeon: This 'Combats' Neuropathy - Do This Immediately (Watch)
GROWTH ADVICE
Dental Implant Groningen Cost Might Be More Affordable Than Ever!
DENTAL IMPLANTS
ADVERTISEMENT

To leave a comment, log in or create an account.

ADVERTISEMENT
COMPANY
About Us
Contact Us
Work for Us
News in Education
Minnesota’s Best
High School Sports Hubs
Mobile and Tablet Apps
Policies and Standards
ADVERTISE
Get in Touch
Advertising Opportunities
Media Kit
Classifieds
Public Notices
Obituaries
BUY
Strib Store
Photo Reprints
Full Page Archive: 150+ years
Back Copies
Commercial Reprints
Licensing
SUPPORT
Help and Feedback
Manage Your Account
Newspaper Subscriptions
Digital Access
eEdition
Text to Speech
WEBSITE
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Site Index
RSS

© 2025 StarTribune.All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.startribune.com/bailey-ober-minnesota-twins-rotation-st-paul-saints/600304758 
 ----- 
