Skip to content
Subscribe Now
27°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

Today's Paper

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Business
Best Reviews
Crime & Public Safety
Education
Government & Politics
Health
National News
Environment
Local
St. Paul
Ramsey County
Anoka County
Washington County
Dakota County
Minnesota
Wisconsin
Sports
Sports
Minnesota Vikings
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Wild
Minnesota Timberwolves
Minnesota Frost
Minnesota Lynx
Minnesota United FC
College Sports
Gophers Football
St. Paul Saints
Gophers Men’s Basketball
High School Sports
Outdoors
Food
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Restaurant news
Restaurant reviews
Restaurant lists
Recipes
Takeout
Things to Do
Things to Do
Books
Movies & TV
Arts
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
Treasure Hunt
Winter Carnival
State Fair
Home & Garden
Events
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Opinion Columnists
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBMINNESOTA TWINS
After surprising option to Triple-A, Bailey Ober returns to Twins
MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA – AUGUST 04: Bailey Ober #17 of the Minnesota Twins delivers a pitch against the Arizona Diamondbacks in the first inning at Target Field on August 04, 2023 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. (Photo by David Berding/Getty Images)
By BETSY HELFAND | bhelfand@pioneerpress.com | St. Paul Pioneer Press
PUBLISHED: September 14, 2023 at 7:41 PM CDT

CHICAGO — The Twins had shortened his starts, at one point piggybacking Dallas Keuchel with him, and had been talking about managing his workload. But when Bailey Ober was optioned to St. Paul on Aug. 28 after spending most of the season in the majors, the move caught the starter off guard.

“I wasn’t expecting that,” Ober said. “I was a little surprised, but it is what it is.”

Sending him to Triple-A allowed them to give him an extended break from starting — Ober didn’t start a game between Aug. 27 and Sept. 9 — and lighten his workload. Ober, who is well past the most innings he has ever thrown as a professional, has now rejoined the Twins and lined up to start Friday night’s game against the Chicago White Sox.

“I can see their perspective on things. and hopefully it works out for both of us in the long run and (these) upcoming weeks, next month or so,” he said. “I’m feeling great, and I’m ready to go out there and throw.”

In between starts, he said he threw two bullpens and live batting practice, getting his work in without getting into game action. In his first start after the long layoff, he said he could feel a difference “maybe a little bit.”

What Ober’s usage will look like — he’s 6-6 on the season with a 3.67 earned-run average in 22 major league starts — and whether he’ll stick in the majors after Friday’s start remains to be seen. But the starter said he was ready to pitch again Friday and join his teammates for the playoff push.

“He has handled it well, just like he has handled every single ething we’ve ever put in front of him,” manager Rocco Baldelli said of Ober’s last couple of weeks. “I think he internalizes what he needs to, he talks about what he needs to, and then he moves forward and tries to make the best of whatever’s right in front of him. … He’ll be ready to pitch.”

Rookie dress up day a hit

Royce Lewis noticed a package waiting for him on his chair after Wednesday afternoon’s game, but didn’t think much of it, assuming it was just the warmer clothes he had ordered from Adidas in response to the weather in the Twin Cities starting to turn.

Then the rookie peered into his locker and it hit him — all his clothes, except for his underwear, were missing.

So the affable rookie slipped on the contents of the package, a Dr. Evil costume that veterans Kyle Farmer and Pablo López had picked out for him. Junior advance scout and video replay coordinator Joey Casey dressed in an accompanying Mini-Me suit.

Eleven players and staff members participated in rookie dress up day Wednesday, wearing the costumes on the trip to Chicago, serving their teammates drinks and snacks on the flight and then again at dinner at Joy District, a restaurant in downtown Chicago.

“I think it’s one of the funniest traditions in baseball,” said López, who dressed as a Minion from “Despicable Me,” and then Curious George as a rookie with the Miami Marlins. “I think it’s just an opportunity to unite the club, bring us together as a team.”

Farmer said the duo spent somewhere between 3-5 hours — “it was probably the most intense conversation we’ve had” —  trying to come up with costume ideas to fit each player’s personality.

Louie Varland wound up as Scooby Doo, because “he’ll make barking noises sometimes,” López said. Matt Wallner, who also participated in rookie dress up day last year, was Buddy, from “Elf,” because of his tall stature, Farmer said. Edouard Julien, who hails from Québec, was a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer.

The Mountie costume was Farmer’s idea, and Julien was well prepared for it because, he said, Michael A. Taylor, had been talking about getting him a Mountie costume “the whole year.” Julien said he thought the costume was funny when he saw it and “when I put it on, I kind of fit the costume well.”

“Just making the young guys feel like idiots for a day, that’s the main point of it,” Farmer said. “I think we accomplished it.”

Briefly

Carlos Correa was out of the lineup for the second straight day on Thursday. Correa has been battling plantar fasciitis in his left foot, and Baldelli said he’s hopeful that there will be a “real positive effect,” when Correa comes back from two days off. … Taylor (hamstring) made the trip to Chicago but has not been activated yet.

RELATED ARTICLES
Charley Walters: Vikings fans should fret over Kevin O’Connell trade rumor
Charley Walters: Vikings coach Kevin O’Connell is going to strike it rich
Charley Walters: J.J. McCarthy could get another redshirt year behind Sam Darnold
Twins tender contracts to all arbitration-eligible players; reach terms with three

Minnesota Twins Report: Breaking news, weekly updates, and insights about the Minnesota Twins.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Pioneer Press.

Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Gophers defensive coordinator Corey Hetherman leaving for Miami
Charley Walters: Vikings fans should fret over Kevin O’Connell trade rumor
Blaine woman sentenced for sexually assaulting youth hockey players at Roseville hotel
Joe Soucheray: Refuse to face foundational truths? Watch your city burn. Or your downtown empty out.
‘I wanted to do something cool’: Meet the man who made the Minnesota-shaped forest
COVID-19, RSV and flu in Minnesota: Up, up and way up
Minnesota’s Carolyn Wiger makes a splash in the third season of ‘The Traitors’
Delta jet to MSP aborts takeoff from snowy Atlanta airport after engine problem
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MINNESOTA TWINS
Twins add former top catching prospect Diego Cartaya in swap of minor leaguers
Twins acquire utility man Mickey Gasper from Boston for Jovani Moran
Shohei Ohtani wins 3rd AP Male Athlete of the Year award, tying Michael Jordan for 1 shy of record
Rickey Henderson, baseball’s flamboyant ‘Man of Steal,’ dies at 65
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Max Kepler reportedly reaches deal with Phillies, ending long tenure with Twins
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Twins choose minor league pitcher in Rule 5 draft
2023
September
14
SUBSCRIBE
Today’s Paper
Obituaries
Comics
Puzzles
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Newsroom Contacts
Pioneer Press Store
Photo reprints
Manage my account
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
HOME
News
Sports
Opinion
Things to Do
MARKETPLACE
Autos
Homes
Jobs
Work With Us
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Special Advertising Sections
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.twincities.com/2023/09/14/after-surprising-option-to-triple-a-bailey-ober-returns-to-twins/ 
 ----- 
