Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Alperen Sengun Dominant in Rockets Win vs. Wizards
Houston Rockets center Alperen Sengun had one of the best games of his career against the Washington Wizards.
Jeremy Brener | Nov 12, 2024
Nov 11, 2024; Houston, Texas, USA; Houston Rockets center Alperen Sengun (28) grabs an offensive rebound then scores against the Washington Wizards in the first quarter at Toyota Center. Mandatory Credit: Thomas Shea-Imagn Images / Thomas Shea-Imagn Images
In this story:
Houston Rockets

The Houston Rockets are so happy after a 107-92 win against the Washington Wizards at Toyota Center on Monday night.

The win puts the Rockets at 7-4 on the season, and a large part of the victory came from Alperen Sengun's incredible night.

The fourth-year pro from Turkey had 27 points and 17 rebounds as he dominated the Wizards in the paint.

“That’s what I do,” Sengun said via SportsRadio 610 reporter Adam Spolane. “Dominate in the paint, and then I was just playing hard.”

Sengun now has eight double-doubles in the team's first 11 games, and he is establishing himself as a focal point of the Rockets core.

Having Sengun perform well is making coach Ime Udoka's job a little easier on the offensive side of the ball.

“It’s a luxury (to have a center that score),” Udoka said via Spolane. “I've been around some really good scoring bigs, and that settles the team (down) all the time. You don't want to be just permanent based or relying on pick and roll every time. It's great to have that option.”

Sengun hasn't been perfect in every game, and the 22-year-old is still figuring out ways to get better. That alone should make the Rockets a very scary opponent for teams to face.

The Rockets are back in action tomorrow against the Los Angeles Clippers.

Want to join the discussion? Like Rockets on SI Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Rockets news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Nov 12, 2024
JEREMY BRENER

Jeremy Brener is an editor, writer and social media manager for several Fan Nation websites. His work has also been featured in 247 Sports and SB Nation as a writer and podcaster. Brener has been with Fan Nation since 2021. Brener grew up in Houston, going to Astros, Rockets and Texans games as a kid. He moved to Orlando in 2016 to go to college and pursue a degree. He hosts "The Dream Take" podcast covering the Rockets, which has produced over 350 episodes since March 2020. Brener graduated in May 2020 from the University of Central Florida with a Bachelor's degree in Broadcast Journalism minoring in Sport Business Management. While at UCF, Brener worked for the school's newspaper NSM.today and "Hitting the Field," a student-run sports talk show and network. He was the executive producer for "Hitting the Field" from 2019-20. During his professional career, Brener has covered a number of major sporting events including the Pro Bowl, March Madness and several NBA and NFL games. As a fan, Brener has been to the 2005 World Series, 2010 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 NCAA National Championship between the Villanova Wildcats and North Carolina Tar Heels. Now, Brener still resides in the Central Florida area and enjoys writing, watching TV, hanging out with friends and going to the gym. Brener can be followed on Twitter @JeremyBrener. For more inquiries, please email jeremybrenerchs@gmail.com.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/rockets/news/alperen-sengun-dominant-in-houston-rockets-win-vs-wizards 
 ----- 
