Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies

Cookies are used for the purpose of performing advertising and marketing activities on our sites.




These cookies work by identifying the browsers and devices of the user.




If you allow these cookies, we can provide you with personalized ads and a better advertising experience on our pages. While doing this, we would like to remind you that our aim is to provide you with a better advertising experience and that we make our best efforts to provide you with the best content and that advertising is our only income item to cover our costs.




In any case, if users do not enable these cookies, they will not receive targeted ads.




In order to provide you with a better service, our website uses cookies belonging to us and third parties. Various personal data of yours are processed through these cookies, and necessary cookies are used for the purpose of providing information society services. Other cookies will be used for limited purposes, subject to your explicit consent, to make our website more functional and personal as well as for advertising/marketing activities for you. You can set your cookie preferences through the panel below. To learn more about cookies, you can click on the Settings button and read our Cookie Information Text.

Consent Selection
Mandatory/Technical Cookies
Functional Cookies
Performance/Analytical Cookies
Advertising/Marketing Cookies
Deny
Allow selection
Allow all
SPORTS
FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
MOTORSPORTS
TENNIS
Alperen Şengün’s dominant performance helps Rockets beat Wizards
Alperen Şengün of the Houston Rockets dunks the ball over Alexandre Sarr of the Washington Wizards during the second half at Toyota Center, in Houston, Texas, U.S., Nov. 11, 2024. (AFP Photo)
BY REUTERS NOV 12, 2024 11:40 AM

Alperen Şengün produced his eighth double-double and helped the Houston Rockets fend off a fourth-quarter charge from the visiting Washington Wizards in a 107-92 victory on Monday.

Şengün paired 27 points with 17 rebounds to pace the Rockets, who overcame the absence of point guard Fred VanVleet (hamstring). Houston recorded only 13 assists, relying on transition opportunities and a dominant performance from Sengun in the paint to survive.

Kyle Kuzma scored eight points during an 11-4 Wizards run that opened the fourth and cut the deficit to 86-80. Following a Houston timeout, Şengün converted a dunk and a driving layup before nailing a 3-pointer to help the Rockets reclaim control and a double-digit lead at 93-80.

Jalen Green added 18 points for the Rockets. Amen Thompson added 13 points, eight rebounds and four steals, while Aaron Holiday and Jabari Smith Jr. tallied 11 points each.

Houston recorded 23 fast-break points and dominated the Wizards on the glass, finishing with a 58-34 rebounding advantage, with Smith chipping in nine boards and Tari Eason adding 10 points, six rebounds and three steals.

Kuzma led the Wizards, who have dropped five consecutive games, with 18 points. However, he needed 18 shots to reach that total, reflecting the poor shooting from the Wizards (35.5 percent). Jordan Poole missed 9 of 14 shots en route to 11 points, while Alexandre Sarr, the second overall pick in the NBA draft, shot 2 of 9 for five points.

Both the Rockets and Wizards quickly recovered from ragged starts.

In the first quarter, Washington got a combined 15 points from Carlton Carrington and Bilal Coulibaly to offset a balanced scoring attack from Houston, which got six points apiece from Smith, Şengün and Green. Washington shot %52.2 in the opening period but trailed 30-28 entering the second due partly to the Rockets' aggressiveness, which yielded 10 free throws compared to four for the Wizards.

When the Rockets threatened to run away late in the second, Kuzma helped the Wizards fashion a response. Houston extended to its largest lead of the half at 55-40 on back-to-back steals and transition layups from Green and Eason. But Kuzma drilled a 3-pointer and converted a driving layup to pull Washington to within 57-49 at the intermission.

The Rockets shot 51.2 percent before the break despite recording only four assists.

SHORTLINK COPIED
KEYWORDS
ALPEREN ŞENGÜN
HOUSTON ROCKETS
WASHINGTON WIZARDS
NBA
BASKETBALL
Riots on Solomon Islands prompt Australia to deploy peacekeepers
PHOTOGALLERY
POLITICS
TÜRKİYE
WORLD
BUSINESS
LIFESTYLE
ARTS
SPORTS
OPINION
PHOTO GALLERY
DS TV
   
JOBS
PRIVACY
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
RSS
© Turkuvaz Haberleşme ve Yayıncılık 2021
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailysabah.com/sports/basketball/alperen-senguns-dominant-performance-helps-rockets-beat-wizards 
 ----- 
