TODAY'S PAPER | JANUARY 08, 2025 | EPAPER
HOME
LATEST
PAKISTAN
BUSINESS
WORLD
SPORTS
ENTERTAINMENT
OPINION
LIFE & STYLE
T-MAGAZINE
T.EDIT
BLOGS
TECH
VIDEOS
FOOD
CARTOON
Home  Sports
Dubai, Sharjah to host Women's T20 WC

The 10-team tournament will get underway at the Sharjah Stadium on October 3.

Afp
September 20, 2024
 FACEBOOK
 TWITTER
 WHATSUP
 LINKDED
 EMAIL
DUBAI:

The 23 matches at the ICC Women's T20 World Cup 2024 will be shared between two venues as 10 teams converge in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) to compete for the trophy.

The tournament will get underway at the Sharjah Cricket Stadium, a regular on the international cricket circuit, on October 3.

Then it's the turn of the Dubai International Stadium (DIS) to take centre stage the following day, with the ground also hosting the Final on 20 October.

Here, we take a closer look at the two venues and some of the standout matches that have been played at both.

Dubai International Stadium is the newer of the two venues being used, with the 25,000-capacity stadium first opening in 2009.

The first international to take place at the ground was Pakistan's ODI against Australia in April of that year, with Shahid Afridi starring in that series and the T20 series that followed.

Its first women's ODI was Pakistan vs West Indies in February 2019 and DIS hosted its first women's T20 international in September 2023 when UAE hosted Namibia.

Dubai International Stadium will host 12 matches in the ICC Women's T20 World Cup, including the final on 20 October. Its first matches will be on 4 October, with 2023 finalists, South Africa taking on 2016 champions West Indies before India take on New Zealand.

Other standout matches at the venue include India's clash against Pakistan in Group A and the final match in Group B between England, inaugural champions in 2009, and the West Indies.

Since it opened in 1982, Sharjah Cricket Stadium has hosted over 200 One-Day Internationals (ODIs), the first of which being Pakistan vs Sri Lanka in April 1984.

The ground has become such a favourite of the international circuit that it entered the Guinness Book of World Records just over a decade ago for having hosted more ODIs than any other with a capacity to hold 16,000 spectators.

The first women's ODI to take place there was on 9 January, 2015 when Pakistan hosted Sri Lanka.

 facebook
 twitter
 whatsup
 linkded
 email

COMMENTS

Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive.

For more information, please see our Comments FAQ

Join Us
facebook
instagram
ENTERTAINMENT
‘No One Mourns the Wicked’ trends in France following the death of Jean-Marie Le Pen
Former associate alleges Diddy targeted by 'the big dogs': "It's bigger than what it seems"

Updated 27 minutes ago

Diddy is set to face trial this year on serious charges, as his former associate speaks out about the accusations.

Stephen ‘tWitch’ Boss’ family slams Allison Holker’s memoir for revealing private details about him

Updated 27 minutes ago

Allison Holker faces backlash from Stephen ‘tWitch’ Boss’ family over memoir revelations about his private life.

Macaulay Culkin surprises fans with dramatic reveal at WWE Monday Night Raw debut on Netflix

Updated 54 minutes ago

Macaulay Culkin’s surprise reveal at WWE’s Monday Night Raw on Netflix thrilled fans, making it a viral sensation.

Nicole Kidman chugs a glass of milk onstage at the NBR Awards Gala

Updated 1 hour ago

Nicole Kidman stuns by drinking a full glass of milk during her Best Actress acceptance speech at the NBR Gala.

VIEW MORE
LATEST

PCB moves tri-series to Lahore and Karachi stadiums

WATCH: Maheesh Theekshana gets hat-trick in ODI against New Zealand

ICC team in Karachi to inspect National Stadium for Champions Trophy

Fakhar Zaman confident of playing in Champions Trophy 2025

LiAngelo Ball captivates fans with hit song 'Tweaker,' prepares for Rolling Loud performance

Younis Khan joins Afghanistan as mentor for Champions Trophy 2025

Pakistani youtuber Ducky bhai and spouse arrested
Unprecedented move: Army dismisses 11 senior officers
Norlie
|
SPONSORED BY TABOOLA
Numb Feet? Here’s What Seniors Are Using to Get Their Lives Back.
Nick Cannon reflects on his first Diddy party at 16 as Sean “Diddy” Combs...
Stephen Baldwin issues cryptic warning following resurfaced footage of Justin...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Sponsored Links
You May Like
Numb Feet? Here’s What Seniors Are...
Try This 10 Minute Trick Tonight
Norlie
Homeowners Are Doing This To Their...
Never worry about chips, cracks, or paint peels eve...
Renuity Garage Coating
New Camper Vans Cost Next to Nothin...
BestSearches | Search Ads
4 Foods That Clog The Liver And Keep...
Upwellness
Learn More
Tax Filing Software- Make Tax Filing Easy
Conquer Tax Season With Ease With Tax Filing Soft...
Traveltrendstoday
This Is How Much New Windows Shoul...
Finally, Gas And Foam-Ins ulated Windows That Are...
1 Day Windows Replacement
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors...
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it take...
Arthrozene
Top Access Control Panel Trends You...
Don't Wait for A Data Breac h - Protect Your Business...
Access Control Systems
by Taboola
MOST READ

SBP buys record $9 billion to stabilise reserves

Court documents reveal Joy Taylor planned to sue Charlie Dixon once he was ‘no longer useful to her’

Karachi shivers as temperature drops to single digits

Price hike for chickens explained

HBL PSL 10: Foreign players' categories unveiled

Dry spell cuts Murree's snow tourism window short

OPINION

Parachinar and other erstwhile tribal zones need a reset

Tackling Pakistan's key issues

Educating for the future through STEM and STEAM

Workplace harassment

The road and the future

As the fragility of the world order continues

Pakistan
Business
World
Opinion
Entertainment News
Life & Style
T.Edit
Sports
Blog
Videos
Prayer Timing Pakistan
Weather Forecast Pakistan
Karachi Weather
Lahore Weather
Islamabad Weather
About Us
Online Advertising
RSS Feeds
Subscribe to the Paper
Contact Us
Careers
Style Guide
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Code of ethics
Mobile App
FOLLOW US
facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin
instagram

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2025 The Express Tribune.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://tribune.com.pk/story/2497318/dubai-sharjah-to-host-womens-t20-wc 
 ----- 
