Sunday, December 29, 2024
|
Sign In
SUBSCRIBE
Menu
All Topics
Daily Editions
|
Newsletters
|
Weekly Issue 12.23.2024
THE INSIDERS
Frontwave Arena gives minor league teams a new locally driven home
6.3.2024
 
 
 
 
 
 
An outdoor concourse will connect parents and fans at the SoCal Sports Complex with the arena’s facilities.
COURTESY OF OSIDE ARENA HOLDINGS

A7,500-seat arena with a slew of revenue streams and constituents is set to open in Oceanside, Calif., this summer.

The $85 million Frontwave Arena is being developed by a group created this year by the combination of two local businessmen and the owner/coach of the San Diego Sockers, the Major Arena Soccer League team that will be the venue’s primary tenant.

The venue’s management team landed the San Diego Clippers — the L.A. Clippers’ G League affiliate — as another tenant and has a few more minor league sports teams lined up to fill out the calendar.

Frontwave Arena is 40 miles north of San Diego but barely five from Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, and its concentration of combat sports enthusiasts and annual balls, galas, and functions. The arena’s ownership group plans to launch a boxing promotion to meet that opportunity.

Many other touring acts and family shows, starting Sept. 17 with Simone Biles’ Gold Over America Tour— her tour opener after the Summer Olympics in Paris — will round out a calendar with roughly 120 events annually. 

And the arena will sit next to the SoCal Sports Complex and avail itself to the sun-cooked parents spending entire weekends watching youth soccer. Portions of the arena — the plaza can hold 1,500 people — will be open on select weekends to accommodate the neighboring youth sports crowd, as well as its indoor concourse, concessions and bathrooms. Levy is handling food and beverage service at Frontwave Arena and figures to make some money at times when most arenas would be dark.

The venue is privately financed and owned by Oside Arena Holdings LLC, consisting of Josh Elias; Phil Salvagio, who bought the Sockers in 2008 and coached the team since; and San Diego real estate developer Colton Sudberry, and they operate the building through a 35-person, in-house organization called Frontwave Arena Management. It’s a rare scenario in the sports industry in which a minor league venue’s ownership and operations doesn’t involve local government or any of the main venue industry players. 

“We have relationships with [Oak View Group] and ASM [Global] and Legends, we’re very friendly with everybody,” Elias said. “I think they respect that we came into this with our own dollars, our own commitment, and to see this come to this point is really exciting. If you’re not OVG or ASM or some of these other guys, a lot of people can’t do it. We feel like we’ve accomplished a lot, but we have so much more to accomplish.” 

Sudberry Properties is behind the mixed-use development in which the arena sits, including the sports complex, which draws about a million visitors annually. Elias knew the company’s CEO, Sudberry — their kids went to the same high school — and successfully pitched his idea to build the arena adjacent to the soccer complex, giving a catchment area of roughly 5 million people its first high-level venue for concerts and pro sports.

It took about two years to move from concept to an entitled property with permitting from the city of Oceanside, which has never had a venue project of this size or type.  

The capital markets proved challenging, too, for a private ownership group. 

Financing was finally landed last year from Endeavor Bank, in addition to a CPACE (Commercial Property Assessed Clean Energy) financing loan from Atlanta-based real estate investment firm Peachtree Group.

CPACE repayments are made through Frontwave Arena’s property tax bill, and Peachtree Group is reimbursed by a trustee overseeing what’s essentially treated as a bond. CPACE isn’t available everywhere in the U.S., but provides longer-term financing at lower interest rates.  

During the six years developing the arena (designed by Icon and built by Level 10), Elias and his partners visited other arenas and stadiums and met with their owners or management teams, harvesting new ideas. The venue’s scope of capabilities expanded. 

“It turned more into this multiuse-type of facility with concerts and outdoor plaza,” he said. “And the ability to connect those 22 soccer fields right across the street 32 weekends a year into our venue on non-event days is a big component for our business model.” 

Owning the building and keeping venue management in-house will transform the Sockers’ profit and loss statement. The team is currently a non-priority tenant at San Diego’s 58-year-old Pechanga Arena, with no stake in any of the ancillary revenue streams, such as parking, food and beverage and merchandise dollars. The Sockers, who play 12 home games each season, already were profitable, but “it becomes more profitable in our arena,” Elias said.

The arena management team sold the venue’s naming rights to Frontwave Credit Union, a Marines-focused financial institution, as well as the venue’s premium seating. That includes 16 suites, VIP decks and six lounges. AXS is handling the arena’s ticketing, offering membership programs instead of traditional season tickets fixed to specific seats or areas. 

“We want you to have the flexibility to move around the venue because we have so many different spaces, we want you to have different experiences,” said Elias. 

The arena management company made attracting tenants easier by providing them, for a fee, with front office services such as ticketing, marketing and merchandising, valuable for cost-conscious minor league teams that often only hire seasonally. In the case of the Clippers, Frontwave Arena could provide not only a new arena in which the G League team would be a priority tenant — it currently plays at Toyota Center in Ontario, Calif. — but Sudberry Properties is providing apartments near the arena for Clippers players, too. 

Frontwave Arena provides a blueprint of sorts for the many private investors and investment firms that are suddenly paying attention to sports venues, thanks largely to the growing flexibility of the buildings, and the mixed-use developments increasingly surrounding them.  

“We were able to prove out a lot of what we said,” Elias said, “and that’s why we’re four months away from opening this awesome venue.”

Bret McCormick can be reached at bmccormick@sportsbusinessjournal.com.
PREVIOUS
Audience Analysis: NHL up 14% ahead of Cup Final; NASCAR makes a comeback
NEXT
Boston College to begin media rights partnership with Van Wagner
SPONSORED CONTENT
ADDITIONAL SECTIONS
Media
Tech
Executive Transactions
Marketing
International
Data
Franchises
Esports
Betting
Colleges
Facilities
Events and Attractions
Finance
Labor and Agents
Leagues
Olympics
Opinion
People and Pop Culture
Sports and Society
PODCASTS
SBJ Morning Buzzcast: December 27, 2024
December 27, 2024

Recapping Christmas Day NBA and NFL viewership; MLB agrees to new CBA with umpires

Ian Eagle and 2024 in review
December 25, 2024
On the pod this week, co-hosts Austin Karp and Mollie Cahillane look back at 2024 and answer listener questions from the mailbag. Plus, ahead of Netflix’s first NFL game broadcasts, play-by-play announcer Ian Eagle discusses his expectations for the broadcast and how it’s a special day for his family, as son Noah is also calling a game.
SBJ Presents: ONE Championship Co-Founder and Group President Hua Fung Teh Sponsored by ONE Championship
August 27, 2024
Explore ONE's explosive growth worldwide and the upcoming event in Denver, ONE 168.
SBJ TV
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
1 MINS
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
1 MINS
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
1 MINS

You have 0 articles remaining
  |  
SUBSCRIBE
Become an industry insider
SUBSCRIBE NOW
DAILY ISSUES
December 23
December 20
December 19
December 18
December 17
December 16
December 13
December 12
December 11
December 10
WEEKLY ISSUE
December 23
December 16
December 9
December 2
November 25
November 18
November 11
November 4
October 28
October 21
Digital Edition
NEWSLETTERS
Betting
College
Facilities
Football
Gaming
Marketing
Media
Power Up
Tech
Unpacks
EDITIONS
Morning Buzz
Closing Bell
Weekend Rap
PODCASTS/TV
All Podcasts
Buzzcast
Unpacks
SBJ TV
SBJ Spotlight
SBJ I Factor
Sports Media
ALL TOPICS
Media
Tech
Executive Transactions
Marketing
International
Data
Franchises
Esports
Betting
Colleges
Facilities
Events and Attractions
Finance
Labor and Agents
Leagues
Olympics
Opinion
People and Pop Culture
Sports and Society
SPONSORED CONTENT
All Sponsored Content
EVENTS
Event Calendar
2025 Tech Week
2025 Sports Business Awards: Tech
2025 CAA World Congress of Sports
4se Sports + Entertainment
Sports Business Awards
Brand Innovation Summit
Thought Leaders
Thought Leaders: Tech
AXS DRIVE
Game Changers
Leaders Week London
Media Innovators
Dealmakers
New Voices Under 30
Forty Under 40
Intercollegiate Athletics Forum
PROPERTIES
On Campus
Newzoo
Leaders in Sport
COMPANY
About Us
Staff
FAQ
Contact Us
Advertise
Editorial Calendar
Celebrate
Subscribe
iOS Mobile App

© 2024 Leaders Group. All rights reserved.
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Leaders Group.

Privacy Policy
User Agreement
 
Cookie Settings
Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsbusinessjournal.com/Articles/2024/06/03/facilities 
 ----- 
