Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
6 months ago
SportFootball
Belgium v Romania LIVE: Euro 2024 result and final score as Kevin De Bruyne goal seals crucial Group E win

Belgium 2-0 Romania: The Red Devils picked up their first points of Euro 2024 as Youri Tielemens struck inside two minutes before De Bruyne wrapped up victory

Michael Jones
,
Alex Pattle
Saturday 22 June 2024 17:09 EDT
0
Comments
0 seconds of 0 secondsVolume 0%
Loading ad
 
Kylian Mbappe leaves France game covered in blood as fans shower forward with whistles

Belgium got their Euro 2024 campaign back on track after an impressive 2-0 win against Romania, with goals from Youri Tielemans and Kevin De Bruyne enough to take the points and leave Group E wide open.

Romelu Lukaku was the architect of the first Belgian goal and teed Tielemans up perfectly to fire home a superb effort from just inside the area in the second minute.

De Bruyne had chances throughout a polished Belgian performance and doubled the lead with 10 minutes left when he latched on to a long ball from goalkeeper Koen Casteels and found the net from seven metres out.

The result leaves all four teams in Group E on three points going into the Wednesday’s final matches, when Belgium take on Ukraine and Romania face Slovakia.

RECOMMENDED
Romelu Lukaku and Kevin De Bruyne embody the best and worst of Belgium in vital win over Romania
The Cristiano Ronaldo circus provokes a serious question over Portugal’s Euro 2024 hopes
Georgia to rally round Saba Lobjanidze after nightmare miss in Euro 2024 draw
EURO 2024: BELGIUM V ROMANIA
REPORT: Romelu Lukaku and Kevin De Bruyne embody the best and worst of Belgium in vital win over Romania
FULL TIME! Belgium claim first win of Euro 2024 thanks to Tielemans and De Bruyne
All four teams in Group E now level on three points going into final round
79’ GOAL! De Bruyne prods Belgium’s second past Nita (BEL 2-0 ROU)
64’ NO GOAL! Belgium’s second is chalked off for offside (BEL 1-0 ROU)
63’ GOAL! Lukaku meets De Bruyne’s pass and scores (BEL 2-0 ROU)
18’ SAVE! Nita denies Lukebakio with fine leaping stop (BEL 1-0 ROU)
2’ GOAL! Tielemans strikes inside two minutes as Belgium make perfect start (BEL 1-0 ROU)
Pinned
Romelu Lukaku and Kevin De Bruyne embody the best and worst of Belgium in vital win over Romania

Romelu Lukaku stood with his back not only to goal, but to the raucous mass of crimson behind it. From somewhere within that throng, a plume of red smoke billowed towards the roof of the stadium. It might as well have been a warning to Romania, but just one minute into this critical Euro 2024 clash, they did not have time to heed it.

Lukaku, so often maligned for his endeavours with Belgium, executed his hold-up to perfection, fending off Andrei Burca and cushioning the ball into the stride of Youri Tielemans. The midfielder did the rest, driving the ball low and hard past Florin Nita.

Romelu Lukaku and Kevin De Bruyne embody the best and worst of Belgium in vital win

Belgium 2-0 Romania: Lukaku provided an assist and Kevin De Bruyne later scored in their must-win game

Mike Jones22 June 2024 22:03
Promoted stories
17 Legitimate Ways To Get Money Fast
BANKRATE
Learn More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
6 months ago
FT Belgium 2-0 Romania

Kevin De Bruyne was been named Player of the Match.

Uefa’s Technical Observer Panel said: “He made the difference for Belgium as they claimed their first points. Once again, he was the key player for his side.”

Mike Jones22 June 2024 22:00
6 months ago
FT Belgium 2-0 Romania

Four teams are all locked on three points. Group E is going down to a final day shootout next Wednesday. Here are the two fixtures:

Slovakia vs Romania

Ukraine vs Belgium

Mike Jones22 June 2024 21:56
6 months ago
Full-time! Belgium 2-0 Romania

90+4 mins: Belgium get the job done!

After a shock defeat to Slovakia in their opening match, Belgium needed to come here and get the win. The consequences of beating Romania mean that all four teams in Group E have three points after two games each.

It will be a nail-biting end to the group stages for all of them. Youri Tielemans and Kevin De Bruyne scored the goals, Belgium take the win and move one step closer to the last-16.

Mike Jones22 June 2024 21:50
6 months ago
Belgium 2-0 Romania

90 mins: Four minutes of added time to play.

Mike Jones22 June 2024 21:46
6 months ago
Belgium 2-0 Romania

85 mins: Belgium try to put the game to bed with Leandro Trossard slipped into the box on the right hand side. He holds onto the ball a little too long and his square pass to Lukaku is blocked and cleared.

Mike Jones22 June 2024 21:42
6 months ago
Belgium 2-0 Romania

82 mins: That goal should be enough for Belgium. There was a VAR check to see whether the goal should stand as De Bruyne was possibly offside.

The result fell Belgium’s way and they have a two goal lead at last.

Mike Jones22 June 2024 21:38
6 months ago
GOAL! Belgium 2-0 Romania (De Bruyne, 79’)⚽️

79 mins: Has Kevin De Bruyne won this game for Belgium?

A hopeful ball is punted up the pitch by Koen Casteels and drops beautifully for De Bruyne who makes a run in between the centre-backs.

As the ball bounces into the box, De Bruyne beats Florin Nita to it and pokes it into the ground, past the goalkeeper and over the line.

(Getty Images)
Mike Jones22 June 2024 21:37
6 months ago
Belgium 1-0 Romania

78 mins: Yannick Carrasco and Orel Mangala have been brought on for Belgium with goalscorer Youri Tielemans and Jeremy Doku being replaced.

Mike Jones22 June 2024 21:35
Promoted stories
Discover Hot Clips [Watch Now]
VIDEOSARENA
Watch Now
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
6 months ago
Belgium 1-0 Romania

75 mins: 15 minutes to play in Cologne. Belgium are firmly in the game management mode with substitutes being brought on to shore up the defence and keep Romania at bay.

Mike Jones22 June 2024 21:32
Newer
1
 / 16
Older
More aboutEuro 2024Romania FootballBelgium FootballKevin De BruyneRomelu LukakuYouri Tielemans
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
Promoted stories
Upgrade your grill game! Z Grills BOGO is LIVE.
Z GRILLS|Sponsored
Shop Now
Great Alaska Seafood - 100% Wild King Crab, Salmon, Shrimp, Halibut
Sign Up to Get Weekly Discounts Emailed to you with Savings from $40-$100 off. Shop the Best Wild Seafood from Alaska to Your Door. Your 3rd generation Alaskan Family Owned and operated seafood...
GREAT ALASKA SEAFOOD|Sponsored
Sign Up
Folks In North Charleston Are Ditching Knee-Pain Using This
REJUVAKNEE | KNEE-PAIN RELIEF|Sponsored
Why Investing in a Private Cloud Makes Sense.
CIO | BROADCOM|Sponsored
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sample
Dexcom G7 Is Easy To Use and Easy To Get Started. Simply Sign Up For A Free 10-Day Sample Today.
DEXCOM|Sponsored
Click Here
Wow! See Your House's Value Right Away with This Tool...
HOUSE VALUE CALCULATOR|Sponsored
Read More
Many Seniors Are Unaware Of Car Insurance Coverage Bas...
WALLSTREET VIRAL|Sponsored
Protect Your Business from Identity Theft Risks
Boost gym security at low cost
TRENDSTODAY|Sponsored
Learn More
NEWS
Family of missing father ‘ripped to pieces’ after he failed to fly home f...
VOICES
How Putin’s ‘ruthless’ Christmas Day attacks on Ukraine may backfi...
South Carolina : Discover the Best Smartwatches for Health & Fitness Tracking
Discover Top Fitbit & Google Watches - Best Health & Elderly Smartwatches
SMARTWATCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Learn More
Kamala’s catastrophe: How it all went so badly wrong
Make no mistake: this wasn’t just a disaster, it was a repudiation and rejection of the values of the Democratic Party itself, writes Jon Sopel
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
Get 50% OFF Vuori - The #1 Performance Apparel
VUORI|Sponsored
Shop Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
APEX LABS|Sponsored
TRAVEL
Hundreds saved on Christmas Eve after driver jumps from high-spee...
NEWS
Father who died on Christmas Day named as police launch murder in...
Finally, play the best strategy game for free
No Installation.
NAVY QUEST GAME|Sponsored
NEWS
Model found dead from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning at Hallmark actor’s home
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/football/belgium-romania-live-stream-score-result-euro-2024-b2566681.html 
 ----- 
