SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
DARTS
TRANSFERS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
BOXING & MMA
TENNIS
GOLF
FEATURES
OPINION
FORMULA 1
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
EURO
EURO 2024 TRACKER: BELGIUM EASE PAST ROMANIA IN FINAL SATURDAY GAME
Euro 2024 Tracker: Belgium ease past Romania in final Saturday game
Flashscore UK Staff,
19.06.2024 08:19
Updated 22.06.2024 21:10
Football Tracker
AFP
Welcome to Flashscore's Euro 2024 Football Tracker - we'll be here with you every day for all the action, goals, talking points and fallout from each fixture in Germany.

Pull down or refresh for latest updates

22:10 BST - And with that, another round of Euro 2024 group stage games has come to an end! We'll be back tomorrow to cover the final fixtures in Group A and beyond throughout next week. Thanks for following along with us, have a great evening!

22:09 BST - Here's how Group E looks after that convincing victory from Belgium - all to play for in the final round of group stage matches!

Group E standings
Flashscore

21:51 BST - FULL-TIME! Belgium record a 2-0 win against Romania, leaving all four teams level on points in Group E. Read our full match report here.

Match stats
Opta by StatsPerform

21:35 BST - GOAL! Kevin De Bruyne doubles Belgium's lead to surely seal all three points.

21:20 BST - Belgium come close to doubling their lead but they have a goal ruled out by VAR for offside.

21:02 BST - We're back underway in Cologne.

20:47 BST - Half-time and Belgium lead Romania 1-0 thanks to their early strike.

HT stats
Opta by StatsPerform

20:17 BST - A very well-worked goal for Belgium's opener:

Tielemans v Romania
Opta by StatsPerform

20:02 BST - GOAL! Belgium waste no time at all, Jeremy Doku does well on the left-hand side before finding Romelu Lukaku in the box who lays it off for Youri Tielemans to fire in from the edge of the box.

20:00 BST - We're underway in Cologne!

19:48 BST - Kick-off in our final match of the day is just over 10 minutes away; stick with us for all the updates.

19:13 BST - Here's our full match report from Portugal's win! Now the focus shifts to the final game of the day as Belgium face Romania - you can follow that one live here. Check out the line-ups below.

Line-ups
Flashscore

19:01 BST - Here's what that result does to Group F.

Portugal are safely through to the last 16 as group winners with a game to spare.

Turkey require one point against the Czech Republic to progress.

Group F standings
Flashscore

18:55 BST - FULL-TIME! Easy does it for Portugal. They beat Turkey to make it two wins from two to top Group F and secure their place in the last 16 of Euro 2024!

Match stats
Opta by Stats Perform

 

18:13 BST - GOAL! Three to Portugal! A bouncing pass isn't dealt with by the Turkey defender which sets Cristiano Ronaldo on his way and instead of shooting, unselfishly squares across goal for Bruno Fernandes to tap in.

Fernandes goal sequence
AFP / Opta by Stats Perform

That will secure the win for Portugal and their place at the top of Group F.

18:03 BST - Trailing Turkey get us back underway in Dortmund.

17:59 BST - That own goal from Samet Akeydin was already the sixth scored at Euro 2024.

The tournament record is 11 set at Euro 2020 while the 2018 World Cup saw 12, according to Opta.

A record-breaking campaign is very much on the cards with so much left to play for.

17:46 BST - HALF-TIME! Portugal are ahead at the break and as it stands, are topping Group F!

There hasn't been a lot between both teams, but that horror own goal could be the killer for Turkey.

Half-time stats
Opta by Stats Perform

17:46 BST - Yellow cards are flying out of German referee Felix Zwayer's pocket today.

Five bookings in total in this first half - three to Turkey and two to Portugal, including one to Rafael Leao who will miss the next game against Georgia through suspension.

17:29 BST - GOAL! WHAT HAS HAPPENED THERE?

Goodness me. Portugal go 2-0 up courtesy of a bizarre own goal in scrappy, comical circumstances.

Portugal's attack breaks down after some miscommunication and with Turkey seemingly in safe possession, a blind back-pass from Samet Akaydin goes beyond the goalkeeper and rolls agonisingly over the line!

17:21 BST - GOAL! Portugal open the scoring! Nuno Mendes' low cross is redirected into the path of Bernardo Silva and the Manchester City man makes no mistake, firing into the corner.

17:17 BST - Fifteen minutes gone in Dortmund and it's been a solid start to this one from both teams.

17:07 BST - CHANCE! Turkey really should be ahead as a wonderful cross finds Kerem Akturkoglu at the back post but he can't redirect his effort on goal.

17:00 BST - Game underway in sun-soaked Dortmund!

16:54 BST - Kick-off is fast approaching! A win for either Turkey or Portugal would see them crowned as Group F winners.

16:30 BST - Our focus now switches to Dortmund, with Turkey and Portugal squaring off for a place in the last 16.

The teams are in with Cristiano Ronaldo leading the line again for Portugal.

Live commentary for the game begins at 16:55 BST.

Turkey v Portugal
Flashscore

16:13 BST - The draw won't necessarily suit either team, but it is good news for Scotland.

It means the Scots could qualify for the knockout stage with two points among the best third-placed teams.

With a point next to their name already, they face Hungary tomorrow evening.

16:07 BST - Georgia were so close to winning their first-ever Euros game with the last kick of the match, but Saba Lobjanidze was unable to keep his composure.

What could have been!

16:00 BST - FULL-TIME! Georgia hold the Czech Republic to earn their first-ever point in the European Championships.

They could have grabbed their first victory right at the death but their effort was ballooned over the bar!

Both will be frustrated with just a point but they are still alive in the tournament, for now at least.

Read the match report here.

Match stats
Opta by Stats Perform

15:45 BST - Schick's equalising goal was his sixth in the Euros in seven games. Impressive record from the Bayer Leverkusen striker.

15:20 BST - GOAL! Equaliser for the Czech Republic! A corner is whipped into the box, the Czechs win the initial header which comes back off the post and hits Patrik Schick to go in from close range.

A goal from a set piece was coming for them.

15:07 BST - Back underway for the second period in Hamburg.

15:01 BST - Here's the tale of the tape so far from an Expected Goals (xG) point of view.

The Czech Republic have dominated for large parts but haven't managed to take any of their chances despite firing shots at will.

Georgia's figure is, of course, made up mostly of that late first-half penalty having taken just two shots.

xG race
Flashscore

14:52 BST - HALF-TIME! What a fun half of football. A penalty has Georgia in the lead but the Czech Republic somehow haven't scored with the amount of chances they've had.

There will be more opportunities to come in this one.

Half-time stats
Opta by Stats Perform

14:51 BST - WHAT A SAVE! Straight down the other end, the Czech Republic somehow don't equalise as Giorgi Mamardashvili pulls off a brilliant stop down low to deny Patrik Schick.

14:49 BST - GOAL! Georges Mikautadze makes no mistake and sends the goalkeeper the wrong way to give Georgia the lead right before half-time!

14:47 BST - PENALTY! Georgia are awarded a spot kick after a handball in the box!

The ball was sent in the box and Guram Kashia was denied brilliantly by the goalkeeper, but VAR spotted a handball shortly before.

14:25 BST - NO GOAL! It's chalked off for a handball. Hlozek didn't know much about it, but it has come off his arm. That's a let-off for Georgia and another warning sign.

14:23 BST - GOAL! Czech Republic lead! Adam Hlozek scores after the ball comes back off him and into the net following a bit of a scramble. It looks like it has brushed off his arm though, so VAR will take a look...

14:11 BST - NO PENALTY! Georgia are certain they should have a penalty as Zuriko Davitashvili appears to have been dragged down in the box, but the referee waves away the appeals.

Very good tempo to start this one...

14:04 BST - CHANCES! The Czechs create a flurry of early opportunities and test Giorgi Mamardashvili, who makes three good saves inside the first few minutes.

14:01 BST - National anthems done - we're now underway in Hamburg!

13:50 BST - Counting down to kick-off in Hamburg...

13:44 BST - Can West Ham's Tomas Soucek produce a captain's display to inspire the Czech Republic to victory this afternoon?

13:25 BST - A reminder of how things stack up in Group F.

Georgia and the Czech Republic will both be desperate for a win today and the loser will be out if Turkey and Portugal draw later.

A Georgia loss coupled with a Portugal win will see the debutants exit, while the Czech Republic will be out if they lose and Turkey win.

Group F standings
Flashscore

13:05 BST - Georgia and the Czech Republic's teams are in for this afternoon's clash in Hamburg!

Live audio commentary for this one begins here at 13:55 BST.

Georgia v Czech Republic
Flashscore

12:55 BST - Georgia entertained despite falling to defeat in their opening Euro 2024 game against Turkey.

Georges Mikautadze scored in the loss which was his country's first-ever goal at the tournament - can he add another against the Czech Republic this afternoon?

12:00 BST - Good morning and welcome back to another day of Euro 2024 action! The second round of group-stage matches ends today with some top games in store.

The day opens in Group F with Georgia facing the Czech Republic at 14:00 BST - both teams beaten in their openers to make this a significant game.

Georgia v Czech Republic video preview
Flashscore

We then follow up with Turkey v Portugal at 17:00 BST to conclude the group with both sides in a strong spot to qualify for the knockout stage having each posted a win on the board.

Turkey v Portugal video preview
Flashscore

And at 20:00 BST, Belgium meet surprise Group E leaders Romania as they look to regroup from their opening game shock to Slovakia.

Belgium v Romania video preview
Flashscore
Friday, June 21st

23:10 BST - That's all for tonight. Thanks for joining us for all the Euros action as Ukraine produced a comeback win against Slovakia, Austria continued to impress under Ralf Rangnick and France struggled without main man Kylian Mbappe.

Click here to read about the day's talking points.

Be sure to join us tomorrow as Georgia take on Czech Republic, Turkey face Portugal, and Belgium play Group E's surprise leaders Romania.

22:51 BST - Xavi Simons says he is choosing to take the positives from the game rather than dwell on his disallowed goal.

"The referee's decision is hard to swallow, but we just have to accept it because there is nothing we can do to change it," he said.

"I prefer to take the positives from the game. We showed the best of ourselves, which allowed us to hold one of the big favourites for this tournament."

22:35 BST - More than anyone else on the pitch, Antoine Griezmann will wonder how he didn't manage to score tonight.

"I had two chances, but they got caught up in my feet. It's a real shame," Griezmann said.

"We have to work (on scoring). I think that defensively we were OK, tactically we were fine, we're just missing this goal for the strikers but it's going to be fine."

22:11 BST - The last time a Euros match ended without a goal was when Scotland faced England at Euro 2020.

21:55 BST - FULL-TIME: Both teams had their chances - the Netherlands even had the ball in the back of the net - but the game nonetheless ends 0-0. The talking point will be that Xavi Simons goal that was ruled out but in truth the strikers from both sides needed to do better in front of goal. 

Click here for the full report.

Key stats from the draw
Opta by StatsPerform

21:30 BST - NO GOAL! VAR has ruled that Denzel Dumfries was affecting the play. He was near the keeper as the ball went past, and some would argue that he impeded, but others would say the keeper was beaten and he had no impact. Still, the goal will not stand.

21:28 BST - VAR CHECK! The Netherlands have the ball in the back of the net courtesy of Xavi Simons and the orange side of the stadium explodes, but then flag is up for offside.

21:24 BST - CHANCE! Antoine Griezmann has another chance to take the lead from close range but in similar fashion to the first half, he can't put the ball in the back of the net.

21:22 BST - CHANCE! Aurelien Tchouameni does well to jump high and get his head on the end of Ousmane Dembele's probing cross, but the ball goes just over the crossbar.

21:04 BST - We are back underway in Leipzig. Who will grab their chance to win this game?

20:49 BST - HALF-TIME: The referee has called time on the first half. It was a fast start for both sides, but in all truth the latter stages were a bit static. 

Half-time stats
Opta by StatsPerform

20:16 BST - Antoine Griezmann just had two big chances to score, the first from right in front after being played in by Adrien Rabiot but the Frenchman couldn't get the shot away. A minute later he could get a shot away, but it curled agonisingly past the post.

20:03 BST - CLOSE! Jeremie Frimpong hares down the right and fires a shot towards the bottom left corner on the angle, but the keeper gets a fingertip to it to force a corner.

20:01 BST - With the anthems done, after a moment of applause for the late Gerhard Aigner the referee blows his whistle to start the game in Leipzig.

19:52 BST - Here's how France fared in their bow against Austria:

19:50 BST - A reminder of how the Netherlands got on in their first fixture of Euro 2024 against Poland:

19:47 BST - More eyes than usual on this substitute this evening.

19:32 BST - How much of an impact will this man have tonight?

19:23 BST - Aurelien Tchouameni comes in for Kylian Mbappe in the only change for France.

The Netherlands make just one change from the side that beat Poland 2-1 in their opening game, with Bayer Leverkusen's Jeremie Frimpong replacing Joey Veerman.

Starting XIs
Flashscore

19:16 BST - Attention now turns to France's match against the Netherlands, and the big news is that Kylian Mbappe has been named on the bench for the fixture. He is out on the field in his mask.

18:57 BST - FULL-TIME! A top second-half display from Austria sees them dismantle Poland for their first win at Euro 2024.

They are in a good position to qualify for the knockout stage among the best third-place teams at least.

Read the match report here.

Match stats
Opta by Stats Perform

18:50 BST - Austria are really enjoying themselves now with their two-goal lead looking very comfortable. They're carving through Poland and zipping the ball around nicely.

18:39 BST - GOAL! The experienced Marko Arnautovic slots into the bottom right-hand corner to extend Austria's lead to 3-1. That will seal a very important win in the context of Group D for the Austrians.

18:37 BST - PENALTY! Austria are awarded a spot kick after Wojciech Szczesny wipes out Marcel Sabitzer with the midfielder attempting to round him. The goalkeeper is booked for his troubles.

18:26 BST - GOAL! Austria retake the lead! The ball is dummied cutely into Christoph Baumgartner's path and he converts confidently, sending the goalkeeper the wrong way.

18:20 BST - Poland's main man is on. Robert Lewandowski is introduced on the hour mark - can he spur his country on to victory?

18:05 BST - Back underway for the second half in Berlin.

17:49 BST - HALF-TIME! An entertaining 45 minutes draws to a close with Poland and Austria locked at 1-1.

Plenty of opportunities for both teams which should set up the second period nicely.

Half-time stats
Opta by Stats Perform

17:42 BST - BLOCK! Austria surge away on the break and the ball ends up with Marcel Sabitzer in the penalty area, but Wojciech Szczesny rushes out to shut down the angle before it's cleared away.

17:32 BST - GOAL! Poland are level and it had to be via former Hertha Berlin striker Krzysztof Piatek!

A Poland shot in the box is well blocked and the rebound falls to Piatek, who controls and stays composed to lash in the equaliser.

17:31 BST - Poland are slowly growing into this now as Piotr Zielinski's shot is blocked away before Przemyslaw Frankowski's cross into the six-yard area is diverted away.

17:21 BST - CHANCE! Poland create a golden chance to equalise as the ball rolls to Nicola Zalewski at the back post, but he leans back and balloons his effort well over the crossbar.

17:11 BST - GOAL! Austria capitalise on a fast start to lead! Their positive opening 10 minutes is rewarded with a goal as Gernot Trauner heads in brilliantly to put his side in front.

17:02 BST - Game on in Berlin! Austria get the ball rolling in this crucial Group D match.

You can follow along with the match here.

16:20 BST - Our attention now shifts over to Group D with Poland taking on Austria in Berlin.

Poland v Austria
Flashscore

16:13 BST - Here's what that Ukraine win does to Group E. They're up to second behind Romania and ahead of Slovakia on goal difference.

Romania are against Belgium on Saturday.

Group E standings
Flashscore

15:55 BST - FULL-TIME! Ukraine mount a superb comeback in the second half to defeat Slovakia for their first win at Euro 2024!

A brilliant effort from the Ukrainians which boosts their hopes of reaching the knockout stage.

Read the full match report here.

Match stats
Opta by Stats Perform

15:38 BST - GOAL! Ukraine lead! What a goal from substitute Roman Yaremchuk, who brings down the ball beautifully in the box before delicately prodding his effort under the goalkeeper.

It's a top-class finish and what a brilliant moment for Ukraine!

Yaremchuk goal sequence
AFP / Opta by Stats Perform

15:34 BST - What a chance for Ukraine! They are two versus one on the counter as Roman Yaremchuk drives upfield, but his ball to Mykhailo Mudryk is overhit and the resulting shot from the angle is saved onto the post.

The Chelsea winger isn't best pleased and he looks to have pulled something in the process.

15:12 BST - GOAL! Equaliser for Ukraine! Oleksandr Zinchenko's low cross into the box connects with Mykola Shaparenko and he does the rest by firing his effort accurately into the corner.

15:04 BST - Back underway for the second half!

Will Slovakia see out the victory or can Ukraine turn this around?

15:01 BST - What a tournament it has been for goalscorer Ivan Schranz so far!

He hadn't scored a goal for Slovakia for three years before the tournament and had only netted twice for Slavia Prague during the recent season.

14:48 BST - HALF-TIME! So far so good for Slovakia who head into the break with a slender lead. This result would see them into the knockout stage.

Half-time stats
Opta by Stats Perform

14:35 BST - POST! Ukraine come so close to equalising as Oleksandr Tymchyk rattles the bottom of the upright before the ball bounces away from danger.

Replays show Martin Dubravka got his fingertips to it, so it's a great save from the Newcastle keeper.

14:19 BST - GOAL! Slovakia take the lead! It's a wonderful ball to the back post which is met by Ivan Schranz, who heads in his second goal of Euro 2024.

It's a deserved lead for Slovakia and as it stands, they're heading through to the knockout stage.

Schranz goal sequence
AFP / Opta by Stats Perform

14:13 BST - Great saves! Ukraine's Anatoliy Trubin is forced into action with a couple of good stops, first saving low against Lukas Haraslin and then making a great reaction save at the back post.

A good, confident start to this one for Trubin, who has come in for Andriy Lunin.

14:02 BST - Day eight of Euro 2024 is underway, with Slovakia kicking off against Ukraine a vital game for both sides in Group E.

You can follow the game here.

13:20 BST - After a delay in the release of the starting line-ups, they are now in with some big news from the Ukraine side.

A change in goal with Real Madrid's Andriy Lunin dropped after his display in the defeat to Romania, with Benfica's Anatoliy Trubin replacing him.

Slovakia keep the same team which started in the 1-0 win over Belgium.

Slovakia v Ukraine
Flashscore

13:09 BST - The day's action begins in Dusseldorf with Slovakia clashing with Ukraine.

Slovakia could go top of the group - albeit briefly - with a victory this afternoon and will secure progression into the knockout stage.

But will Ukraine spoil the party and move off the bottom?

12:59 BST - In a recent exclusive interview with Flashscore, Tunisian tennis star Ons Jabeur gave some of her thoughts on Euro 2024.

Find out which team she is supporting here.

Tunisia's Ons Jabeur
AFP

12:28 BST - England's Euro 2024 campaign so far is continuing to be scrutinised following a limp 1-1 draw with Denmark on Thursday.

The Three Lions have more than likely done enough to secure progression to the knockout stages but performances have flattered to deceive.

Gareth Southgate's approach is now being criticised ahead of the final group game against Slovenia.

Read more on England's problems and where they go next.

Group C standings
Flashscore

12:00 BST - Hello and welcome back to the Euro 2024 Football Tracker with three more games to come across Groups D and E!

We start at 14:00 BST with Slovakia taking on neighbours Ukraine in Dusseldorf.

Slovakia will be looking to build on their superb opening win over Belgium, while Ukraine are attempting to get back on track after being dismantled 3-0 by Romania.

Slovakia v Ukraine preview
Flashscore

From 17:00 BST, Poland meet Austria in a key game in Group D with both teams suffering defeat in their first games.

Poland were narrowly beaten by the Netherlands as Austria were against France.

Poland v Austria preview
Flashscore

The Netherlands and France headline the day's play at 20:00 BST in a star-studded clash in Leipzig.

All the talk is around Kylian Mbappe, who is expected to be masked up in the match after breaking his nose in France's opener.

Netherlands v France preview
Flashscore
Thursday, June 20th

22:56 BST - That's it for tonight, thanks for joining us. We're back tomorrow for Slovakia's game against Ukraine, which is followed by Poland taking on Austria, and the day's play is completed with the big one between the Netherlands and France.

22:52 BST - Another topsy-turvy day of Euros football, with Spain making a statement and England getting a wake-up call.

Click here to read our round-up of the day's action.

22:33 BST - Nico Williams was a menace down the left for Spain tonight, and it was his cross that led to the Riccardo Calafiori own goal.

Nico Williams pass map
AFP/Opta by StatsPerform

22:09 BST - Meanwhile, some reaction from England's drab draw with Denmark earlier in the day...

Gareth Southgate admitted the Three Lions' lacklustre performance showed they are struggling to cope with the pressure of being one of the Euro 2024 favourites.

"Clearly we are disappointed with the level of the two performances. We have to analyse that in depth and find some solutions to the issues we have. We will spend a lot of time doing that," Southgate said.

"We are in the environment of winning on the biggest possible stage. These boys aren't lacking effort. We have to find more quality in what we do. If anything they are showing they care too much."

England would have wrapped up first place in the group with a win over the Danes, but instead were greeted with jeers by frustrated fans after their lethargic display.

"If we don't win we have to accept what comes our way. I can completely understand the fans' frustration with the way we played," Southgate said.

"That is my responsibility as the manager. I have to find solutions. England have never won back to back group matches I was told. There is a reason for that. We have to stay calm inside the group and find answers.

"The challenge is to do something that has never been done before. So it couldn't be any bigger."

22:01 BST - Here's how things look in Group B after today's games:

Group B standings
Flashscore

21:54 BST - FULL-TIME! Spain were all over Italy for 90 minutes and more, but in the end it's just a Riccardo Calafiori own goal that separates the two teams. As it is, Spain win 1-0 and have guaranteed their progression to the knockouts. Italy, you would think, need some kind of a result in their final game against Croatia to do the same.

Click here for the full report from Gelsenkirchen.

Key stats from Spain's win
Opta by StatsPerform

21:13 BST - GOAL! Italy's defence finally relents. Spain have been all over their opponents and Williams puts the ball across the box - Donnarumma gets a fingertip to it and the change of direction means the ball cannons off Calafiori and into the goal.

21:04 BST - We are back underway - can Italy bounce back or will Spain's dominance eventually tell?

20:49 BST - HALF-TIME! Spain have been dominant and Italy have barely laid a glove on them, but the score remains 0-0 in Gelsenkirchen.

Key half-time stats
Opta by StatsPerform

20:36 BST - This game has been all Spain so far. Italy only being kept in it by some acrobatics from Donnarumma. How much longer can the Italians hold out?

20:03 BST - CHANCE! Pedri with a big header there that forced an early save from the keeper. More of that to come from both sides, we hope.

20:01 BST - With a blast from the referee's whistle, we are underway in Gelsenkirchen.

19:48 BST - Take a look back at some of the most memorable clashes from Spain and Italy as they prepare to do battle for the fifth time in as many Euros, with top spot in Group B up for grabs. 

19:28 BST - And here's a look back at Italy's opener against Albania:

19:21 BST - Here's a reminder of how Spain got on in their opening game of Euro 2024 against Croatia:

19:03 BST - Up next, Euro 2024's answer to El Clasico as Spain face Italy in the football-mad city of Gelsenkirchen! Follow that match live here.

18:59 BST - As a reminder, the current standings in England's Group C can be seen below.

Updated table
Flashscore

18:52 BST - FULL-TIME! Not the result the Three Lions wanted, but progression to the last 16 of Euro 2024 can be confirmed with just a draw against Slovenia. Click here to read our full match report.

Key match stats
Opta by StatsPerform

18:41 BST - Not long to go now and it looks like England may be running out of ideas. 1-1.

18:28 BST - A triple substitution for England as Jarrod Bowen, Eberechi Eze and Ollie Watkins replace Phil Foden, Bukayo Saka and Harry Kane.

18:20 BST - Conor Gallagher has been shown a yellow card.

18:15 BST - Chance! Phil Foden, once again, gets in behind for a shot on goal, but he hits the post. Nearly. 1-1.

18:14 BST - Trent Alexander-Arnold has been replaced by Conor Gallagher for England.

18:04 BST - We are back underway in Frankfurt, where it remains 1-1 between Denmark and England.

17:48 BST - HALF-TIME! The Three Lions have looked the more threatening of the two sides, but the Danish more than deserve to be level at the break.

Key stats at the break
Opta by StatsPerform

17:43 BST - Phil Foden comes close again! He wriggled himself into some space before unleashing an effort from the edge of the box, but it was a brilliant save by Kasper Schmeichel to deny him. 1-1.

17:36 BST - GOAL! It's an equaliser for Denmark! It has been coming, Morten Hjulmand gets his side level with England with a long-range effort. 1-1.

17:35 BST - Denmark come close to an equaliser! Jonas Wind gets a headed chance on goal, but it goes out for a corner. 1-0.

17:33 BST - Denmark's Jannik Vestergaard was shown a yellow card just a few moments ago.

17:19 BST - GOAL! Harry Kane (who else?) has scored for England with a rebounded effort! 1-0.

17:17 BST - Phil Foden finds himself in some space, but his effort doesn't threaten the Danish goal. 0-0.

17:02 BST - Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg immediately threatens to breach England with an effort from distance, but Jordan Pickford is equal to his strike. 0-0.

17:00 BST - KICK-OFF: We are underway in Frankfurt as England face Denmark! Stick with us for all the key updates.

16:02 BST - Team news is in for England's clash with Denmark and they are unchanged from the Serbia win - follow that one live here. Three points will see the Three Lions into the knockout stages.

Line-ups
Flashscore

15:56 BST - FULL-TIME! What a result that is for Serbia, who equalise with the final kick of the game to draw with Slovenia. Read our full match report here.

Match stats
Opta by StatsPerform

15:53 BST - GOAL! Luka Jovic steals a late equaliser for Serbia! 1-1 with virtually the last kick of the game!

15:30 BST - What a chance! Aleksandar Mitrovic hits the bar from six yards out after the slightest of touches from Karnicnik - what a performance from the defender this second half!

15:26 BST - GOAL! Slovenia lead through Zan Karnicnik - the full-back arrives late in the box to convert an excellent cross to the far post and stun Serbia.

15:05 BST - We're back underway in today's early fixture between Serbia and Slovenia.

14:47 BST - Half-time in Munich and it remains 0-0 despite plenty of Slovenia chances.

HT stats
Opta by StatsPerform

14:38 BST - Slovenia rattle the inside of the post! Close to an opener but they can't quite convert.

14:20 BST - Nothing to separate the two sides after 20 minutes - a very even match so far, Serbia with more possession but Slovenia having more shots on goal.

14:00 BST - We're underway in Munich!

13:50 BST - Slovenia's talisman Benjamin Sesko is one of the hottest prospects in Europe this summer and recently signed a new deal with Leipzig. He could have a big impact against Serbia this afternoon - take a look at his club stats:

Sesko's Bundesliga stats 23/24
Opta by StatsPerform

13:02 BST - The teams are in for Slovenia v Serbia - follow the match live here.

Line-ups
Flashscore

12:50 BST - We'll have line-ups in for the first game of the day in around 10 minutes - and we'll be bringing you all the key updates from that match.

11:23 BST - Lastly, a preview for the huge meeting between European powerhouses Spain and Italy!

Match preview
Flashscore

11:20 BST - Here's a video preview for England's hotly anticipated clash with Denmark - a repeat of Euro 2020's semi-final. The Three Lions will qualify for the knockout stages with a win this evening.

Match preview
Flashscore

11:17 BST - Today's first match sees Slovenia face Serbia, you take a look at our video preview below - we'll have more to come shortly for the other fixtures today!

Match preview
Flashscore

09:30 BST - Good morning and welcome back to our Football Tracker! We've got three more Euro 2024 matches to cover today including England v Denmark at 17:00 and a huge clash between Spain and Italy at 20:00.

Slovenia and Serbia get things moving at 14:00.

Wednesday, June 19th

22:56 BST - That brings to an end to another exciting evening of action from Euro 2024. Click here for all the big talking points from across the day.

Also, don't forget to join us tomorrow as Slovenia play Serbia before England play their second game of the tournament against Denmark in the early-evening kick-off. The day then finishes with the big one between Spain and Italy.

22:31 BST - A huge performance from Scott McTominay, who helped delivered a vital point tonight.

Scott McTominay key stats
AFP/Opta by StatsPerform

22:18 BST - Scotland midfielder Billy Gilmour says his side delivered in all areas in Cologne. 

"We gave everything out there," he told the BBC. "We knew we had to bounce back after the last performance and it puts us in a good place.

"We're a good team. We know our strengths. Tonight was more like a Scotland performance.

"Getting after the ball, passionate - everything was there."

22:14 BST - Andy Robertson had said this week that his side played with "fear" against Germany in their opener on Friday, but speaking after tonight's game the Scotland captain was proud of his team's performance.

Robertson singled out Tony Ralston for particular praise - it was Ralston's error that led to Switzerland's goal in the first half.

"More like us, much more like us," Robertson told the BBC. "Aggressive, on the front foot, couldn't get off to a better start.

"We make a mistake but make no mistake about it, Tony Ralston was unbelievable after that mistake. Second half, he was different class.

"We had our chances but so did they. We were a lot more happy with that performance. We'll take the draw and we've taken it into the last game and that's all we can ask.

"We need to go again Sunday because that's a massive game for us now. We can take a lot of positives from tonight but we can also tweak a little thing and improve even more and that's a good thing.

"We need to get to bed now and recover. Come Sunday we'll bee good to go with the backing that we've got."

22:05 BST - Here's how the group looks after today's fixtures. Scotland need to win against Hungary to put themselves in the best position to progress. If they do that and Switzerland lose badly enough against Germany, Scotland could even finish second.

Group A standings
Flashscore

21:53 BST - FULL-TIME: There's the final whistle and Scotland have come away with a point. They had chances to win it, but so did Switzerland, and if you'd offered that result to the Scots at the beginning of the game they likely would have taken it. A fist bump from Steve Clarke at the final whistle suggests as much.

If they beat Hungary in their final group game they are in with a chance to finish second, and if not, to be one of the best third-place teams at the end of the group stage. No team in the history of the Euros has finished third in the group with at least four points and not progressed to the last 16.

Click here for our full report from Cologne.

Key stats
Opta by StatsPerform

21:50 BST - CLOSE! Andy Robertson headed a ball back inside towards the back post but Manuel Akanji got there ahead of Scott McTominay which prevented McTominay from tapping in for all three points.

21:25 BST - CHANCE! SO CLOSE! Andy Robertson puts in the perfect ball from a free kick from the edge of the box and Grant Hanley gets his head to it but smashes it straight into the post. Scotland can't get hold of the rebound and Switzerland survive. 

21:20 BST - Kieran Tierney is leaving the field on a stretcher with what appears to be a hamstring issue. He is replaced by Scott McKenna.

21:16 BST - CHANCE! Dan Ndoye gets free on the turn and only has the keeper to beat, but Angus Gunn stays big and gets enough of his body in the way to deflect the ball past the outside of the post. 

21:04 BST - The second half has started in Cologne. 

20:49 BST - HALF-TIME: We have reached the halfway stage of tonight's game. Scott McTominay gave Scotland the lead early on, but it only lasted 13 minutes as Switzerland hit back through a Xherdan Shaqiri wonder strike on the back of a poor mistake from Anthony Ralston.

Solid from Scotland so far, who will want to kick on and push for a win from here.

20:26 BST - GOAL! A mistake from Anthony Ralston with an attempted back pass sees Xherdan Shaqiri get the ball and Shaqiri has just hits it perfectly first time on the edge of the box to curl the ball into the top left corner. Heartbreak for Scotland but what a strike it was.

20:13 BST - GOAL! Scotland have the lead! Switzerland were on the attack, but Scotland turned the ball over and broke down the field. Andy Robertson fed Callum McGregor, who passed it back inside and Scott McTominay was the man to stroke the ball home - it took a heavy deflection on the way but he won't care a bit. Scotland are 1-0 up.

20:00 BST - And we are underway in Cologne.

19:56 BST - Flower of Scotland absolutely thunders through the stadium. The Scottish fans are doing their bit! 

19:46 BST - A reminder of how Scotland got on in their opening game of Euro 2024. In this week's press conference, captain Andy Robertson said: "The other night wasn't easy. We came up against a really good team, didn't show up how we wanted and got punished for it. Maybe we had a bit of fear.

"Maybe the occasion got to a couple of us, a couple of us didn't have our best games. We didn't do what we did to get to the tournament.

"There were a lot of disappointed faces. But we moved on. We can't dwell on it. We weren't pointing fingers at anyone.

"We need to show up, play to our strengths and do better in pretty much every area."

19:28 BST - Have a look at our preview to get up to speed on what's on the line tonight.

Match preview
Flashscore

19:07 BST - No shortage of support for Scotland this evening!

18:57 BST - Up next is Scotland's crunch clash with Switzerland. You can follow the match live here and check out the team news below.

Team news
Flashscore

18:52 BST - FULL-TIME: Germany 2-0 Hungary. It was a valiant effort by the Hungarians, but the hosts simply had too much quality and it's got them over the line. The Germans will confirm their spot in the round of 16 if Switzerland avoid defeat against Scotland tonight. Take a read of our match report here.

Key match stats
Opta by StatsPerform

18:48 BST - There will be a minimum of three minutes added on.

18:26 BST - GOAL! Ilkay Gundogan doubles Germany's lead over Hungary! 2-0.

18:04 BST - We are back underway in Stuttgart, where Germany lead Hungary 1-0.

17:48 BST - HALF-TIME: Germany 1-0 Hungary. The hosts have the advantage, but their opponents haven't been quiet. It could easily have been an extra goal apiece per side.

Key stats at the break
Opta by StatsPerform

17:24 BST - A VAR review has confirmed the goal will stand. 1-0 to Germany.

17:22 BST - GOAL! Germany take the lead through Jamal Musiala! 1-0.

17:19 BST - As has been the case throughout the tournament so far, it has been quite a fun start. Hungary are certainly not going to make it easy for Germany. Both sides have had chances to score, but it remains 0-0.

17:01 BST - KICK-OFF: Germany and Hungary get their match in Stuttgart underway! A win for the hosts would all but confirm their participation in the round of 16. Stick with us for all the key updates.

16:45 BST - Get in the mood for tonight's big clash between Euros hosts Germany and Hungary with our video preview below!

Video preview
Flashscore
Video preview
Flashscore

16:20 BST - Take a look at the goal sequence for Albania's opener below:

Laci's opening goal
Opta by StatsPerform / AFP

16:15 BST - What a 25 minutes that was for Gjasula! Brought onto the pitch as a substitute, scored an own goal, and then bagged a 95th-minute equaliser to make up for his mistake!

Gjasula stats v Croatia
Opta by StatsPerform / AFP

16:02 BST - There's no time to catch your breath with tournament football - the line-ups are in for Germany's clash with Hungary, which you can follow live here.

Line-ups
Flashscore

15:57 BST - FULL-TIME! What an end to the game that was - Albania score late on to snatch a 2-2 draw against Croatia after an end-to-end final five minutes. One of the games of the tournament so far! Read our full match report here.

Match stats
Opta by StatsPerform

15:53 BST - GOAL! Albania have snatched an equaliser in the final minute of injury time! Klaus Gjasula arrives late in the box to stroke home and make it 2-2 in the 95th minute - not long after scoring an own goal to put his side behind!

15:35 BST - GOAL! Croatia have turned it around! Two goals in as many minutes as the ball is forced in with a bit of good fortune - it looks like an Albanian own goal.

15:32 BST - GOAL! Yes they can! Andrej Kramaric checks inside and rolls the ball into the corner at the near post to make it 1-1.

15:31 BST - 20 minutes remain and Croatia still hunt for an equaliser - can they find one?

15:03 BST - Back underway between Croatia and Albania; a big 45 minutes is needed from the former if they want to qualify for the knockout rounds.

14:47 BST - Half-time in Hamburg, and Albania have a well-earned lead. In truth, they could be 3-0 up had they taken their chances but a 1-0 advantage will suffice heading into the break.

14:10 BST - GOAL! Albania take an early lead once again - Croatia don't clear their lines and Qazim Laci gets on the end of a superb cross to flick in the opener.

14:01 BST - We're underway between Croatia and Albania!

13:54 BST - Kick-off is just over five minutes away in Hamburg - get all the key updates here in our Euro 2024 Tracker.

13:02 BST - Line-ups are in for Croatia's clash with Albania in Group B! Follow the match live here or stick with us for the latest updates.

Line-ups
Flashscore

11:15 BST - Take a look at a video preview for Germany v Hungary below:

Match preview
Flashscore

10:00 BST - We've got some video previews for today's games for you; the first of which for Croatia v Albania:

Match preview
Flashscore

09:20 BST - Good morning and welcome to our Football Tracker! We'll be keeping you updated with all the key news and talking points from the second round of group-stage fixtures at Euro 2024.

Croatia v Albania gets us underway at 14:00 this afternoon before hosts Germany face Hungary at 17:00 and Scotland take on tricky Switzerland at 20:00.

MENTIONS
Football
Euro
Football Tracker
Related Articles
Euro 2024 Tracker: Late drama as Portugal beat spirited Czech Republic
18.06.2024 22:07
Ruiz ready to play starring role again when Spain face Italy
19.06.2024 08:10
The formula for success to get Hungary back on track at Euro 2024
19.06.2024 07:41
Show more
Football
Atalanta go top of Serie A with a late equaliser at Lazio
3 h ago
Alisson challenges Liverpool teammates to 'create own history' under Slot
8 h ago
Man Utd striker Diallo: 'We are young and want to make history for this club'
11 h ago
'I will keep going': Guardiola refuses to quit Man City despite stunning decline
12 h ago
Premier League Player of the Week: Wolves' Cunha dazzles against Man Utd
15 h ago
Premier League Team of the Week: Gakpo, Joelinton and Lewis-Skelly
16 h ago
Flashscore Awards 2024: Leverkusen boss Alonso our Manager of the Year
16 h ago
Transfer Tracker: Alexander-Arnold 'tells Liverpool he wants Real Madrid move'
18 h ago
Updated
Saka facing 'more than two months' out after hamstring surgery
19 h ago
Rice targeting trophies as Arsenal chase down leaders Liverpool
27.12.2024 23:17
Most Read
PDC World Championship day 11 highlights: Luke Littler battles past Ian White
Humphries and Wright in war of words before World Championship clash
PDC World Championship day 10 highlights: Humphries storms past Kenny
Price has 'more in tank' after thrilling win over Cullen at World Championship
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League Scores
Premier League Fixtures
Premier League Standings
Championship Scores
EFL League One
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
ATP Australian Open 2025
WTA Australian Open 2025
ATP United Cup 2025
WTA United Cup 2025
WTA Auckland 2025
WTA Brisbane 2025
Jack Draper
OTHER SPORTS
PDC World Darts Championship 2024/25
Live Snooker Scores
Premiership Rugby
NBA Scores
Round of 16 at Ally Pally featuring Humphries, Wright and Price
Zverev aiming to challenge Sinner for top ranking in 2025 season
TRENDING
Great Britain v Argentina
Boulter v Podoroska
Draper v Etcheverry
Norrie v Tien
Great Britain v Australia
Boulter v Gadecki
Draper v De Minaur
FOOTBALL LIVE SCORES
Leicester v Man City
Tottenham v Wolves
West Ham v Liverpool
Aston Villa v Brighton
Man Utd v Newcastle
Brentford v Arsenal
Tottenham v Newcastle
FLASHSCORE.CO.UK
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Livescore
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
Betting offers
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimised for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Please, gamble responsibly
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.co.uk
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.co.uk/news/football-euro-euro-2024-tracker-belgium-ease-past-romania-in-final-saturday-game/YXNWH13b/ 
 ----- 
