Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Bohm's defensive bounceback on display for Phils in Game 2
Share
Bohm's defensive bounceback on display for Phils in Game 2
Philadelphia third baseman makes several game-changing plays during 10-0 win
October 18th, 2023

Anthony DiComo

@AnthonyDiComo
Share
;

PHILADELPHIA -- Rarely does the darkest moment of a baseball career unfold as publicly as it did with Alec Bohm. To commit three errors in as many innings and be caught on camera muttering “I hate this place,” as Bohm was at Citizens Bank Park last season during an April 11 game against the Mets, can be scarring. In an exacting town such as Philadelphia, forgiveness is never guaranteed.

But Bohm did what others might not have that infamous evening 18 months ago, owning his mistake and apologizing for it. Phillies fans largely absolved him. And the relationship has since evolved in remarkable ways. No one has since personified the club’s defensive renaissance more fully than Bohm, who made three slick plays Tuesday night in Philadelphia’s 10-0 drubbing of the D-backs in Game 2 of the National League Championship Series.

“He has really played well defensively lately and for a while now,” Phillies manager Rob Thomson said.

The gem of Bohm’s night was a second-inning highlight that saw him dive to his right, snare a 104-mph Gabriel Moreno one-hopper, then climb to a knee and throw a strike across the diamond for the out.

Which ballparks have best home-field advantage in postseason?

More was to come before the Phillies broke the game open. In the fourth inning, Bohm ranged to his left to make a sliding grab of a Tommy Pham grounder, then fired again from one knee to secure the lead out at second. In the sixth, he ranged to his right and backhanded another Pham ground ball, this time throwing on the run to strand Ketel Marte in scoring position.

Related
Kepler excited to join Phillies: 'A bunch of ballers'

January 10th, 2025

Bohm, Suárez among six Phils avoiding arbitration with 2025 deals

January 10th, 2025

What are these 4 Phils' chances at 2025 HOF?

January 8th, 2025

Seeking an infielder: Who could Angels target?

December 16th, 2024

Phillies 'very interested' in coveted Japanese ace Sasaki

December 11th, 2024

Riding Phils' wave, Bohm expected to return to lineup in Game 3

October 8th, 2024

“He’s made some plays that I don’t know if a lot of people make, because he’s so tall and his reach is long,” teammate Bryson Stott said. “He’s been good over there. To stop momentum before it even happens has been huge.”

It isn’t only Bohm who’s been achieving that ideal. As a team, the Phillies ranked 16th in the Majors during the regular season with -1 outs above average, a catch-all statistic designed to catalog the number of plays made and the difficulty of those efforts. While that was still technically below average, it represented a marked improvement from last season, when Philadelphia ranked 29th in the Majors with -34 OAA.

Such success has carried into October. Outside of Trea Turner, who has four errors this postseason, the Phillies have committed just one miscue in eight games. Bryce Harper has made a series of slick plays at his adopted position of first base. Rookie Johan Rojas and Stott, a second-year player, have transformed the Phils up the middle. Catcher J.T. Realmuto and the pitching staff have neutralized Arizona’s vaunted running game.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“We’ve played phenomenal defense,” Realmuto said. “There’s been a ton of plays made in the infield and outfield that weren’t easy plays, and we’ve turned them all into outs.”

Here are MLB's postseason HR leaders

Then there is Bohm, who came away from his three-error game last April understanding the urgency to improve his defense. A bat-first prospect when the Phillies selected him third overall out of Wichita State in 2018, Bohm carried defensive questions with him throughout his Minor League career and did little to satisfy them during his early days in the Majors.

But 2022 appears to have been his nadir. Since that time, Bohm has worked regularly with infield coach Bobby Dickerson to clean up his defense, logging long hours on a half-field in Spring Training “whether we feel good or not, or want to or don’t want to.” That’s resulted in modest improvements on his bottom line, including a jump from -6 to -4 OAA.

Bohm is unlikely to be considered a standout defender. But these days, he is helping the Phillies far more than he is hurting them, doing enough at third base to keep his potent bat -- Bohm hit a two-run double Tuesday as part of Philadelphia’s game-sealing four-run rally in the seventh -- in the lineup on a constant basis.

“As much as we have a lot of really great hitters, games are won on defense,” Bohm said. “Whether we’re hitting the ball around the yard or not, we can always play defense.”

Early Wednesday morning, Bohm spoke those words easily, freely, with the confidence of someone who has been making difficult plays look routine for some time. But he hasn’t forgotten his past. Asked if he could have achieved this sort of defensive game two years ago, Bohm hesitated.

“I can’t answer that,” he said, smiling. “Maybe I would have, maybe I wouldn’t have. The difference is just confidence and trust in all the work.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies
Alec Bohm

Senior Reporter Anthony DiComo has covered the Mets for MLB.com since 2007.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/alec-bohm-shines-on-defense-in-phillies-nlcs-game-2-win 
 ----- 
