Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Breaking News
PATRIOTS REPORTEDLY HIRING MIKE VRABEL AS NEXT HEAD COACH
Play Daily Draw!
Ravens roll, Steelers future murky
Ovi moves closer to Gretzky
UFC Vegas 101 results
Texans dominate Chargers
WREG articles
Minus 9 players, Jackson and Bane lead Grizzlies to win in Phoenix
Associated Press
Wed, Jan 1, 2025·2 min read

PHOENIX — Jaren Jackson Jr. scored 38 points to lead the Memphis Grizzlies to a 117-112 victory over the Phoenix Suns Tuesday night.

Desmond Bane scored 31 as the Grizzlies, playing without injured Ja Morant (right shoulder strain) and Zach Edey (concussion protocol), never trailed. Reserve Luke Kennard scored 17 points and John Konchar grabbed a game-high 12 rebounds as Memphis moved to 23-11, second in the Western Conference.

Devin Booker returned for Phoenix after missing five games with a left groin strain and had 16 points and nine assists. Kevin Durant led the Suns with 29 points and 10 rebounds.

The Suns, who lost for the sixth time in seven games, played without Jusuf Nurkic, serving the second of his three-game suspension for his involvement in a fight with the Dallas Mavericks on Friday. Bradley Beal left the game in the first half with a left hip contusion.

Though no one fouled out, there were 54 fouls called in the game and 58 free throws attempted. Jackson Jr. was 10 of 17 from the line and also finished with 10 rebounds.

Booker last played Dec. 19 in a loss to Indiana. The Suns lost four of the five games they played without Booker, who entered Tuesday’s game against Memphis averaging 25.1 points and 6.4 assists per game.

Takeaways

Grizzlies: Jaylen Wells filled in with 11 points as the Grizzlies won without two starters.

Suns: Booker started slow but got back in the rhythm by scoring the Suns’ first five points of the second quarter.

Key moment

Konchar’s three-point play with 1:05 left gave Memphis a 113-106 lead after the Suns had come within one point earlier.

Key stat

Jackson was outscoring the Suns 19-18 at one point late in the first quarter.

Up next

The Suns play Saturday at Indiana. The Grizzlies are at Sacramento on Friday.

Copyright 2025 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to WREG.com.

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Grizzlies star Ja Morant out, considered ‘week-to-week’ with right shoulder injury

Ja Morant missed most of last season with a right shoulder injury, too.

13d ago
Yahoo Sports
These stats PROVE Grizzlies big man Zach Edey is the Rookie of the Year | The Big Number

On this week's episode of The Big Number, Tom Haberstroh and Dan Devine dig deep into a stellar rookie season for Memphis Grizzlies big man Zach Edey. They help paint the picture of why Edey leads the discussion for Rookie of the Year in the NBA.

12d ago
Yahoo Sports
Another ridiculous Lamar Jackson TD pass leads to MVP chants in Baltimore

Jackson was up to his old tricks in the first half of Baltimore's playoff opener.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Steelers-Ravens: While Lamar Jackson, Baltimore leave little doubt in 28-14 win, there's plenty of doubts building vs. Pittsburgh's Mike Tomlin

Tomlin isn’t the problem with the Steelers. Saying he is requires a belief the Steelers should have won more than 10 games this season. But the frustration from Steelers fans is valid.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
Same old Chargers? With a chance to stamp a new identity, Jim Harbaugh’s culture cracked

All that was left after this season of revival was to showcase it when it mattered most. Instead, they looked worryingly similar to the Chargers of old.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
Former Michigan quarterback Alex Orji is transferring to UNLV

Orji will have two years of eligibility remaining.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Chargers kicker Cameron Dicker's enormous gaffe allows Texans to return blocked extra point

Dicker appeared to misunderstand the rules about blocked kicks.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
C.J. Stroud just needed a fumbled shotgun snap to kickstart a 99-yard TD drive

A big mistake turned into a big play for the Texans.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Texans force Justin Herbert into nightmare day, dominate Chargers in wild-card win

Houston had a rough second half of the regular season, but will now be one of the last eight teams standing after ending Jim Harbaugh's first season in Los Angeles.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
Notre Dame & Ohio State win all time classics to reach the National Championship | College Football Enquirer

Following a memorable and exciting Semifinal round, Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SI's Pat Forde recount the Cotton Bowl and Orange Bowl.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
CFP semifinal reactions: Ohio State proves too much for Texas, advances to championship vs. Notre Dame | College Football Power Hour

Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz & Adam Breneman break down Ohio State's victory vs. Texas in the Cotton Bowl as they advance to face Notre Dame for the CFP title.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA postpones Rockets-Hawks game on Saturday due to icy conditions in Atlanta

A winter storm brought snow and freezing rain to Atlanta on Friday.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Magic's Paolo Banchero scores 34 points in return after missing 34 games with oblique injury

Banchero picked up where he left off before his injury, nearly leading the Magic to a win.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: The 5 key plays from Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will play Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
2024 NFL All-Pro team announced, led by Lamar Jackson at QB

The Lions and Ravens led with four players each named first-team All-Pro.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Pelicans' Herb Jones out indefinitely with torn labrum in his shoulder

It's been a hard season for the New Orleans Pelicans and it's about to get harder.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Eagles' Jalen Hurts clears concussion protocol, available for wild-card game vs. Packers

Hurts has not played since suffering a concussion on Dec. 22 against the Commanders.

3d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/minus-9-players-jackson-bane-040213749.html 
 ----- 
