News Partner
Philadelphia 76ers
Sixers get blown out by 50 in Boston without top stars
By Zach Ciavolella
Posted on October 12, 2024
Oct 12, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Boston Celtics guard Jaylen Brown (7) controls the ball against Philadelphia 76ers guard Ricky Council IV (14) during the first half at the TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: Brian Fluharty-Imagn Images
 Sign up for our email newsletter to stay up-to-date on the latest local sports news throughout Philadelphia.

The second night of a rare preseason back-to-back proved to be less than competitive for the Philadelphia 76ers, who lost to the Boston Celtics by 50 points. The Sixers rested the majority of their starters, while the Celtics, who had the benefit of nearly a week’s rest, played their starters for or around 20 minutes.

After the literal struggle to watch that was the Sixers’ matchup in Iowa against the Timberwolves, this game was difficult to watch in a whole new way. That is not a total surprise, considering Philadelphia was effectively replaced with the Delaware Blue Coats squad. Still, this game was an opportunity to watch many of the Sixers’ young players—of whom they have a shocking amount of for a contender—against truly difficult competition.

Here’s what stood out:

Yabusele may become the third center by default
Oct 11, 2024; Des Moines, Iowa, USA; Minnesota Timberwolves center Luka Garza (55) passes the ball between defenders Philadelphia 76ers guard Ricky Council IV (14) and Philadelphia 76ers forward Guerschon Yabusele (28) at Wells Fargo Arena. The Timberwolves beat the 76ers 121 to 111. Mandatory Credit: Reese Strickland-Imagn Images

The Sixers have a very unique situation at their center spot. They have the most dominant big man in the game, and yet, there is an air of uncertainty at the position due to the expectation of time missed.

Never miss a play!
Get the latest local sports news delivered to your inbox.
SIGN UP

Veteran big man Andre Drummond was brought into Philadelphia for his second tour with the team. He is unquestionably the greatest backup center the Joel Embiid era Sixers have seen. However, Philadelphia needs a strong third option, given the games Embiid will miss.

Heading into the preseason, there were three contenders for that spot. Adem Bona, the team’s second-round pick in the 2024 NBA Draft, has an impressive skill set and looks to be a player in this league if he maintains his current course. However, in his early opportunities against NBA bodies and talent, it’s clear that further development is needed before he can be relied upon on a near-nightly basis.

KJ Martin has shown off athleticism and has been an active rebounder but has struggled as both a scorer and a defender. This brings us to Yabusele, whose physicality clearly stood out against New Zealand but was in for a bit of a rude awakening against Minnesota. Against Boston, well…

Going up against a seven-plus-footer like Kornet is going to be difficult when you have Yabusele (6’8), Martin (6’6), and Bona (6’10). Still, it was a defensive nightmare for all the big men Philadelphia rolled out tonight.

Looking for the bright side, Bona’s traits again shine through, Martin’s hustle is infectious, and Yabusele is simply the only offensively valuable player of the three. Now, for the center position, defense is key, but with three candidates who equally struggled defensively, Yabusele’s offensive prowess and his tenacity continue to stand out.

He needs to process better defensively, but there is no perfect solution behind Drummond. For now, Yabusele is the Sixers’ best option for the position, but only by default. Philadelphia surely is hoping that the scenario will rarely come up.

Jared McCain continues to show promise
Sep 30, 2024; Camden, NJ, USA; Philadelphia 76ers guard Jared McCain (20) poses for a photo on media day at the Philadelphia 76ers Training Complex. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images

If any Sixers impressed tonight, it was rookie Jared McCain. No player had a truly positive game, as they were boat-raced by the defending champs’ starting lineup for the majority of the game. While his shot was not falling, hitting only one of eight threes, McCain showed himself capable in various ways, not unlike his performance in the Summer League.

McCain is not known as a defender, nor is he a plus defender, but he is a tenacious defender, and that is critical to his success at the next level. McCain also played with a sense of physicality that is also necessary if he is to succeed. He’s not athletic enough to coast into the lane. He has to scratch and claw and fight his way in the paint every time, and he did that early and often against the Celtics, finishing strong against giants like Luke Kornet and All-Defense level players like Derrick White.

Additionally, McCain showed off a level of ball handling that he has not often shown previously. At Duke, there was not much opportunity for McCain to do so in an offense that revolved around big man Kyle Filipowski. With the Sixers, theoretically, he would have the same issue with Joel Embiid, but McCain’s minutes won’t necessarily overlap with Embiid’s as they did with Filipowski.

For a rookie like McCain, it’s less about the total complimentary ball and more about figuring out what he specifically has to work on and whether it is realistic for him to develop those skills. This is where McCain is in the perfect spot.

The Sixers have an assortment of sage small guards. Kyle Lowry remains the ideal vet to speak to regarding a young guard’s development. Tyrese Maxey, while young, has already grown into a leadership position and has seen some transformative growth himself since coming into the league, learning from some of the best, including James Harden. Reggie Jackson has fought nearly his entire career and continues to display a clear understanding of the grind of overcoming one’s shortcomings in the NBA. Finally, Eric Gordon is a great mentor to help McCain understand how to use his strength and expand his range.

Up next for the Sixers
Oct 8, 2024; Atlanta, Georgia, USA; Atlanta Hawks forward Zaccharie Risacher (10) reacts during the game against the Indiana Pacers during the second half at State Farm Arena. Mandatory Credit: Dale Zanine-Imagn Images

The Sixers will next face the Hawks on Monday down in Atlanta. The NBA’s most recent top overall pick, Zaccharie Risacher, will look to build off of a strong start to the preseason, while Philadelphia will be hoping for the preseason debut of Joel Embiid. Judging by the words of head coach Nick Nurse, it’s far from a certainty that Embiid will join the team.

https://twitter.com/ginamizell/status/1845288822675763405

Tip-off is set for 7:30 on Monday, and you can catch the game on NBA TV or listen live at 97.5 The Fanatic.

Zach Ciavolella

Editor and beat reporter for Metro Philadelphia and Philly Sports Network covering the Philadelphia 76ers. Follow him on Twitter @CiavoNBA and follow the rest of our team for more quality content. “The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life – mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical” – DR. J

Related Articles
Report: Joel Embiid to undergo ‘scheduled assessment of his knee’
Paul George’s debut will not be (locally) televised as 76ers face Wolves in Iowa preason matchup
Former Sixer Danny Green retires after 15 years, 3 championships
Caleb Martin praises Tyrese Maxey’s work ethic: ‘He’s a dog’
Jobs in Philadelphia
ADD YOUR JOB
Bucks County Windows
Marketing Intern
The Franklin Institute
Operations Technician I
VIEW ALL JOBS…
Things to do in Philadelphia

 POST AN EVENT

Today, 1 pm
The 42nd Annual Boar’s Head & Yule Log Festival

St. Peter’s Lutheran Church
Today, 4 pm
“LET IT GLOW!” A Holiday Lantern Spectacular

Bergen County Zoo
Today, 8 pm
Renegade: The Ultimate Tribute to Styx at Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia

Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia
Tomorrow, 11 am
Hibernation Happenings

Tenafly Nature Center
Tomorrow, 1 pm
Disney’s Encanto Sing Along

Bergen Performing Arts Center

VIEW ALL EVENTS…

More from our Sister Sites
Tailgate Sports
MLB Over/Under Bet of the Day: June 13, Royals vs Giants
AMNY
NYC to close massive Brooklyn migrant shelter as arrivals decline, 9 other sites scheduled to shut
The Brooklyn Game
Offseason checklist: What Brooklyn Nets have to do this summer
Metro Philadelphia
Philadelphia Zoo announces new ‘Key to the Zoo’ private access tours
Contact Us
Work for Us
Networking Events
Jobs in Philadelphia
© 2025 Schneps Media
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Get Philly sports in your inbox!
Sign Up
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://phillysportsnetwork.com/2024/10/12/sixers-blown-out-boston/ 
 ----- 
