NBA
Philadelphia 76ers
Tyrese Maxey's honest assessment of Paul George after 76ers preseason debut

Tyrese Maxey was impressed with Paul George's performance in his 76ers preseason debut.

By 

Sam DiGiovanni

Oct 12, 2024 at 11:37 AM ET

Paul George made his first appearance for the Philadelphia 76ers in a preseason defeat at the hands of the Minnesota Timberwolves. Although the Sixers lost 121-111 and were outscored during the portion of the game that featured starters and key bench players, George looked great in his first time playing for Philly.

PG-8 dazzled with his ability to shoot threes off the bounce and set the table for the offense. In 26 minutes across the first three quarters, he scored a game-high 23 points and also recorded six rebounds and two assists while shooting 8-15 from the field and 4-9 from deep.

Joel Embiid was inactive for this game but Tyrese Maxey got the chance to play with his new co-star for the first time. The All-Star guard was pleased with what he saw.

“Good at basketball. He's pretty good,” Maxey told reporters. “He's pretty good, was comfortable and did a good job.”

Maxey, who had 21 points on 7-14 shooting in 26 minutes, wanted to make George's transition to his new team as seamless as he could. But George was able to do some of that himself, taking the ball up and running the offense from time to time.

“My goal today was to try to see how I can make him as comfortable as possible, at least in the first half, call stuff for him,” Maxey said. “He kinda just got things in a flow, though. [I] got to sit back, watch that and see how I can fit in and how I can make sure that he fits in and other guys around that. It was pretty good.”

NBA
@NBA
·
Follow

Paul George put forth a strong outing in his @sixers  debut!

23 PTS (53.3 FG%)
6 REB
4 3PM

Watch on Twitter
1:35 AM · Oct 12, 2024
1.5K
Reply
Copy link
Read 61 replies
Expand Tweet
Related Philadelphia 76ers News
Article continues below
Kelly Oubre Jr. takes tough fall after dunk over Yves Missi
7h
76ers’ Joel Embiid hit with ‘entitled’ label from NBA executive amid injury woes
15h
Pelicans vs. 76ers prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/10/2024
17h
Is Dejounte Murray playing vs. 76ers? Latest Pelicans injury update
17h
Paul George makes good first impression in 76ers preseason debut 

Nick Nurse also said that George looked good. The first thing he thought when George landed in Philly was how good of a scorer he was. That skill was fully on display in the exhibition match in Iowa.

“I thought he was moving great, created some shots on his own, et cetera,” the 76ers head coach told reporters. “Thought he competed — he was on the glass. He would have had a lot more rebounds if [Andre Drummond] wasn’t grabbing a lot of those but those two guys were up there on the glass, going at it. Certainly had a good game and looked really good out there.”

Nurse said he wants to make things easier for George, setting him up for shots rather than making him do it himself all the time. While some of that was because of the team's “clunkiness and newness,” as Nurse put it, it was also because the superstar big man wasn’t in action. With Embiid in the fold, George should feast on catch-and-shoot looks.

After losing to the Timberwolves on Friday, the Sixers are back in action on Saturday against the Boston Celtics. It wouldn’t be surprising for George and other starters to sit out the back-to-back. Still, Philly will have plenty of chances to get George acclimated.

Sam DiGiovanni is a beat writer at ClutchPoints covering the Philadelphia 76ers, with expertise covering the NBA at large as well as the NFL and MLB. The Marist College graduate previously wrote for The Knicks Wall, Philly Sports Network and Center Field Marist.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Are 76ers’ Joel Embiid, Paul George playing vs. Wizards? Latest injury update
2 days ago
5 top 76ers trade targets in 2024-25 season
17 hours ago
Wizards vs. 76ers prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
3 days ago
Sixers celebrate Jared McCain’s accomplishments after meniscus surgery
4 days ago
Pelicans vs. 76ers prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/10/2024
16 hours ago
76ers’ Joel Embiid hit with ‘entitled’ label from NBA executive amid injury woes
14 hours ago
Is Paul George playing vs. Pelicans? Latest injury update on 76ers star
20 hours ago
Is Dejounte Murray playing vs. 76ers? Latest Pelicans injury update
16 hours ago
76ers share tough Jared McCain announcement amid rookie’s injury
1 day ago
Wizards’ Jared Butler achieves NBA dream despite loss vs. 76ers
1 day ago
76ers vs. Wizards: Tyrese Maxey comes through just in time to avoid collapse
2 days ago
Keon Ellis likes 76ers IG trade request amid Mike Brown firing
2 weeks ago
NBA Preseason
Paul George
Tyrese Maxey
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/76ers-news-tyrese-maxey-honest-assessment-paul-george-after-preseason-debut 
 ----- 
