MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Clippers hold off Warriors as Stephen Curry goes down injured
Updated Oct. 27, 2024 11:28 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Stephen Curry left midway through the fourth quarter with a left ankle injury as Ivica Zubac and the Los Angeles Clippers spoiled the Golden State Warriors’ home opener with a 112-104 win Sunday night.

Zubac had 23 points and 18 rebounds.

Andrew Wiggins scored 29 points with a 3-pointer at the 3:47 mark of the fourth that made it a one-point game, Curry added 18 with six assists but left for good at the 7:55 mark. He tweaked his ankle late in the third then briefly tried to return with 8:08 left in the game before sitting down for good.

James Harden contributed 23 points and 11 assists making all nine of his free throws for a Clippers team missing Kawhi Leonard as the star forward is sidelined with a right knee injury.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Before introductions and the national anthem, a moment of silence was held for Hall of Famer Al Attles, the former Warriors player, coach, general manager and ambassador who died at his East Bay home on Aug. 20 at age 87. A video tribute showed during a first-quarter timeout.

Takeaways

Clippers: Los Angeles forced 21 Warriors turnovers leading to 21 points but also committed 18.

Warriors: Buddy Hield went 3 for 14 — 1 of 9 from 3-point range — for eight points coming off the bench in his home debut for Golden State.

Key moment
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You In...
HomeBuddy|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.

With 4:32 left in the third quarter and Golden State down 74-69, the Warriors challenged a foul against Draymond Green and the call was overturned and ruled a charge by Zubac.

Key stat

The Clippers scored 58 points in the paint — 30 by halftime.

Up next

The Clippers return home to host Portland on Wednesday, kicking off a five-game homestand. Golden State will host New Orleans on Tuesday for the first of back-to-back games over two days against the Pelicans.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
Best landing spots for Phoenix Suns star Bradley Beal
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Stephen Curry
Golden State Warriors
National Basketball Association
Kawhi Leonard
James Harden
Andrew Wiggins
Ivica Zubac
Stephen Curry
Golden State Warriors
LA Clippers
NBA - LA Clippers vs. Golden State Warriors - 10/28/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/clippers-hold-off-warriors-as-stephen-curry-goes-down-injured 
 ----- 
