Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Utah Jazz
PRESENTED BY:
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS & MEDIA
JAZZ+
Community
Arena
Fans
History
Shop
ORLANDO, FL - JANUARY 5 : Kyle Filipowski #22 of the Utah Jazz drives to the basket during the game against the Orlando Magic on January 5, 2025 at Kia Center in Orlando, Florida. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. Mandatory Copyright Notice: Copyright 2025 NBAE (Photo by Fernando Medina/NBAE via Getty Images)
Utah Jazz 105, Orlando Magic 92: Three Takeaways 
Eric Spyropoulos●@EricSpyroNBA
Digital Writer
January 5, 20257:13 PM MST

The Utah Jazz came to play in Florida.

Less than 24 hours removed from a dominant 136-100 victory over the Miami Heat, Utah used stifling defense and a next man up mentality to secure a 105-92 road win over the Orlando Magic. The 92 points for Orlando represented the fewest that Utah has given up this season. 

“I thought our team did a pretty good job of maintaining a level head, even through some mistakes,” Jazz head coach Will Hardy said. “Overall, I felt really good about the team’s effort.” 

As the starting centers (Walker Kessler for Utah and Goga Bitadze for Orlando) battled down low, the Magic initially jumped out to a slim 10-7 lead after the first five minutes of action. However, the story of the first quarter was the strong play from both benches. Utah got a boost from Kyle Filipowski and Brice Sensabaugh, who combined for 11 points. Meanwhile, Jett Howard dropped in eight points for the Magic, who found themselves up 25-22 after one quarter of action. 

Although the Jazz struggled to take care of the ball in the opening stages of the second quarter, their defense tightened up and the second unit continued to produce, which allowed them to regain the lead. Despite 11 first-half turnovers, Utah found itself tied with Orlando at 43 by the halftime break. Kessler benefitted from Orlando’s cold shooting (34.5 percent from the field), as the third-year big man had 12 rebounds in the first half.

Collin Sexton opened the second half with seven points in the first three minutes, which helped Utah once again regain the advantage. Although it didn’t result in a high-scoring quarter, the Jazz increased their efficiency in the third frame (50 percent from the field), which made a big difference as Orlando continued to struggle, especially inside the arc (23.1 percent on 2-point attempts). Despite a late flurry of 3-pointers from the Magic, Utah held on to a 71-62 lead heading into the fourth quarter. 

The Jazz quickly pushed their lead to double digits to begin the fourth quarter as their bench unit continued to produce. Sensabaugh once again caught fire with a personal 8-0 scoring run that was key in helping Utah’s lead grow to 20 points with five minutes remaining. The Jazz closed out the impressive road win with a mix of starters and players off the bench. 

“This was a team win,” Hardy added. “I thought everybody who went in the game had moments. That’s what a team is and that’s what we want to be.” 

Here are three takeaways from Sunday’s win.

Next man up 

Both squads were significantly shorthanded on Sunday night, with several starters on both sides missing the game.

As a result, it was a next man up mentality for both teams. For the Jazz, that meant digging deeper into the bench and relying on the hot hand of Brice Sensabaugh. The second-year wing returned home to Orlando and dropped 27 points Sunday night on 11-of-19 from the field (including 5-of-6 from downtown), serving as a go-to option for the Jazz offense. 

“I’m just making the right reads and playing simple,” Sensabaugh said postgame. “I give credit to my teammates and my coaches for putting me in the right spots. I’m just trying to be as efficient as possible and execute.” 

Sensabaugh led Utah’s second unit with 10 points in the first half, while Filipowski chipped in with eight points as the Jazz got 27 of their 43 points off the bench. Orlando’s bench wasn’t as productive in the first half (18 points), but key contributions from Wendell Carter Jr. and Jett Howard kept the game close during the early stages of action.

Orlando got 12 points off the bench in the third quarter to keep things close, but Utah continued to get consistent contributions from the likes of Sensabaugh, Filipowski, and Svi Mykhailiuk throughout the second half

In the end, Sensabaugh’s 27 points led all scorers and the Jazz got 58 points off the bench in the win. 

“I thought it was a big step for him, his confidence, and his belief to have this game two nights in a row,” Hardy said. “I just feel happy for him that he was able to have a good game back home in front of all of his people.” 

The Sheriff continues to shine

As mentioned earlier, someone stood to benefit from the missed shots Sunday night, with Kessler capitalizing on the boards early and often. 

Following a 14-point, 16-rebound effort against the Heat, The Sheriff had six points and 12 rebounds in the first half alone against the Magic, which helped set the tone for the road team.

“(His presence) is like a blanket,” Sensabaugh said. “You can press up more just knowing he’s back there protecting the paint. And then on offense, he’s there for the lobs and stuff like that. He’s been playing out of his mind.” 

Kessler would finish Sunday’s win with his 14th double-double of the season with 10 points, 17 rebounds, and two assists in 29 minutes of action, but the impact he had can also be reflected in Orlando’s shooting splits. 

Just 28 percent of Orlando’s shot attempts came around the rim, with the Magic connecting on 58 percent of those attempts, highlighting the impact Kessler (and Utah’s other big men like Drew Eubanks and Filipowski) had on the defensive end. 

“Walker deserves another shoutout for his work on the glass,” Hardy said. “His presence there is helping us a ton.” 

Utah locked in defensively

The Jazz put forward one of their better defensive games of the season less than 24 hours ago against the Miami Heat. 

After allowing just 100 points in the win, Utah followed that up by holding Orlando to 43 points on 34.5 percent shooting from the field in the first half Sunday night. The Magic were cold from deep and also didn’t get to the free-throw line once in the first two quarters, which was key in Utah overcoming its own cold shooting and staying in the game.

The Jazz found more success on the offensive end in the third quarter (28 points on 50 percent shooting), but Orlando continued to struggle, especially around the basket. Shots kept falling for Utah in the fourth quarter, while consistent stops on the other end helped the road team pull away down the stretch. The Magic shot 39.1 percent from the field in the final frame and ended the night at 35.7 percent, which included 14-of-47 (29.8 percent) from beyond the arc. 

Utah returns home to face the Atlanta Hawks Tuesday night (7 p.m. MT, Jazz+). 

Tags
Brice Sensabaugh
Kyle Filipowski
Svi Mykhailiuk
Utah Jazz
Walker Kessler
Related Articles
Utah Jazz 105, Orlando Magic 92: Three Takeaways 
Roundball Roundup: Taylor Hendricks talks rehab + CJ Miles on Keyonte George
Vote Jazz for the 2025 NBA All-Star Game
TICKETS
Salt Lake Summer League
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium Seating
Ticket Offers
Group Tickets
Account Manager
ARENA
Know Before You Go
Jazz FAQ
Delta Center
SEG Privacy Policy
COMMUNITY
Jazz Dancers
Donation Request
Community Ticket Program
Jazz Youth
HISTORY
50 Seasons
All‑Time Players List
Milestones
FRONT OFFICE
Careers
Staff Directory
SHOP
Team Store
Jerseys
Mens
Womens
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/jazz/news/utah-jazz-105-orlando-magic-92-three-takeaways 
 ----- 
