Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
MLB
Grand slam sparks Yankees’ comeback as New York beats Dodgers, forces World Series Game 5
Updated: Oct. 29, 2024, 11:07 p.m.|Published: Oct. 29, 2024, 8:44 p.m.

New York Yankees' Anthony Volpe hits a grand slam home run against the Los Angeles Dodgers during the third inning in Game 4 of the baseball World Series, Tuesday, Oct. 29, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)AP

By Ronald Blum | AP Baseball Writer

NEW YORK — Fifteen years after little Anthony Volpe watched the Yankees parade with the World Series trophy, he saved their season and kept alive hopes for an improbable title.

New York had moved closer to getting swept in the World Series when Freddie Freeman hit another first-inning home run.

0:00
/
1:28
Keep Watching
Man shot multiple times in Edmonds, WA

Volpe, who is from New York and whose family idolizes the pinstripes going back generations, turned on a knee-high slider and perhaps reshaped the Series, too. His third-inning grand slam sparked the Yankees to an 11-4 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night that forced a Game 5.

“The place was shaking,” Yankees catcher Austin Wells said. “I felt the ground literally shaking.”

Wells and Gleyber Torres added homers for the Yankees, who broke open the game with a five-run eighth.

New York, which had scored just seven runs in the first three games, had some of its swagger back. Wells spoke after the game wearing a “Fully Operational Death Star” Yankees T-shirt, referring to general manager Brian Cashman’s 2018 quip.

Fans in the sellout crowd of 49,354 chanted Volpe’s name during the ninth inning.

“It’s like you finally got to see the top blow off Yankee Stadium in a World Series game,” Aaron Boone said after his first World Series win as New York’s manager. “When Anthony hits that ball, it was like fun to see Yankee Stadium erupt.”

Wells said the dire situation after Monday’s loss had relieved the pressure.

“Why not go out tomorrow and have fun?” he described as the mood.

Freeman homered for his sixth consecutive Series game when he deposited a slider from rookie Luis Gil into the right-field short porch following Mookie Betts’ one-out double. He became the first player to homer in the first four games of a World Series and his streak of long balls in six consecutive games is one more than Houston’s George Springer in 2017 and ‘19.

“I’ll look back on it after hopefully we win and get this thing done tomorrow,” Freeman said. “Pretty cool. Obviously, hopefully I can keep it going tomorrow.”

Los Angeles Dodgers' Freddie Freeman celebrates his two-run home run against the New York Yankees during the first inning in Game 4 of the baseball World Series, Tuesday, Oct. 29, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)AP

Game 5 is Wednesday night, with the Yankees ace Gerrit Cole and the Dodgers’ Jack Flaherty meeting in a rematch of Game 1.

Seeking to become the first team to overcome a 3-0 Series deficit, New York surged ahead 5-2 on Alex Verdugo’s RBI grounder in the second and Volpe’s drive against Daniel Hudson.

“All it takes is just one swing,” Yankees captain Aaron Judge said.

Volpe sent Hudson’s first pitch into the left-field seats.

“I pretty much blacked out as soon as I saw it go over the fence,” Volpe said.

A Gold Glove shortstop in his second big league season, the 23-year-old Volpe also doubled and became the first player in Series history with a grand slam and a pair of stolen bases in one game. He was 8 when the Yankees last won the Series.

Volpe scored New York’s first run when he walked after falling behind 0-2 in the second inning. He made a baserunning blunder when he headed back to second to tag up and failed to score on Wells’ double off the center-field wall — pounding his own leg in anger. Verdugo followed with an RBI grounder.

“They’re going to fight,” Betts said. “If you made it this far, you have a resilient team that’s going to fight the whole time.”

Los Angeles closed within 6-4 in a two-run fifth that included Will Smith’s homer off Gil and an RBI grounder by Freeman. Despite a sprained right ankle, Freeman beat a relay to avoid an inning-ending double play on what originally was ruled an out but was reversed in a video review.

Wells hit a second-deck homer in the sixth against Landon Knack, and Verdugo added another run-scoring grounder in the eighth — capping an 11-pitch at-bat — ahead of Torres’ three-run homer off Brent Honeywell.

Tim Hill, winning pitcher Clay Holmes, Mark Leiter Jr., Luke Weaver and Tim Mayza strung together five innings of one-hit scoreless relief with seven strikeouts, and the Yankees avoided what would have been their first losing Series sweep since 1976.

“As far as outcomes, to have six guys in your ’pen that are feeling good, rested, I feel good about that,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said.

Twenty-one of the previous 24 teams to take 3-0 Series leads went on to sweeps, all but the 1910 Philadelphia Athletics against the Chicago Cubs, the 1937 Yankees against the New York Giants and the 1970 Baltimore Orioles against the Cincinnati Reds. All three of those Series ended in five games.

The 2004 Boston Red Sox, sparked by a stolen base by Roberts, are the only team to overcome a 3-0 deficit in any round, beating the Yankees in the AL Championship Series.

Judge drove in his first run of the Series with an RBI single in the eighth and is 2 for 15 in the four games. Dodgers sensation Shohei Ohtani also is 2 for 15 after going 1 for 4 with a single, his first hit since partially separating his left shoulder in Game 2.

New York stopped a seven-game Series losing streak against the Dodgers dating to 1981. The Yankees got their first seven RBIs from the bottom three hitters in their batting order, Volpe, Wells and Verdugo, who had entered 4 for 32 with three RBIs in the Series.

Volpe was interviewed after the game by former Yankees captain Derek Jeter, now a Fox broadcaster.

“It’s my dream, but it was all my friends’ dreams, all my cousins’ dreams, probably my sister’s dream, too. But winning the World Series was first and foremost. by far. Nothing else compares. So still got a lot of work to do,” Volpe said.

RECOMMENDED•OREGONLIVE.COM

Bo Nix and Jayden Daniels will become a rare rookie QB duo to start in the same NFL postseasonJan. 8, 2025, 9:08 p.m.

Portland Trail Blazers at Detroit Pistons: Game preview, prediction, time, TV channelJan. 6, 2025, 9:00 a.m.

Former Boston star David Ortiz, also a Fox commentator, gave Volpe a shirt.

“I’ve got it in my locker,” Volpe said. “I can’t wear it. It’s got him and Red Sox stuff on it.”

-- Ronald Blum | AP Baseball Writer

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Our Journalists
About OregonLive.com
Contact The Newsroom
Technical Support
Search Our Archives
Advertise With Us
Subscribe to The Oregonian
Subscriber Services
Digital Subscription FAQ
Delivery Opportunities
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
The Oregonian
eNewspaper
Email Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
Read More Top News
Today's Top News
Politics
Crime
Business
Commuting
Weather
Education
Homes & Gardens
Letters to the Editor
Video
Environment
Tom Hallman
Special Sections
Here is Oregon
Sports
High School Sports
Ducks
Beavers
Trail Blazers
Timbers
Thorns
Recruiting News
Entertainment
Travel
TV & Movies
Eat, Drink, Cook
Comics
Archives
Your Regional News Pages
Portland
Washington County
Clackamas County
Clark County
Pacific Northwest
Follow Us
Email Newsletters
News on Alexa or Google Home
YouTube
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
Mobile
iPhone, Android apps
Tablet apps
More on OregonLive.com
Place an Ad
Autos
Jobs
Sponsor Content
Post a Job
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.oregonlive.com/mlb/2024/10/grand-slam-sparks-yankees-comeback-as-new-york-beats-dodgers-forces-world-series-game-5.html 
 ----- 
