Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Baltimore Orioles to Wear Patch Honoring Brooks Robinson Throughout Postseason
After Brook Robinson died on Tuesday, the Baltimore Orioles have decided to memorialize the Hall of Famer for the rest of their breakout season.
Sam Connon | Sep 27, 2023
Baltimore Orioles to Wear Patch Honoring Brooks Robinson Throughout Postseason /
In this story:
Baltimore Orioles

The Baltimore Orioles will wear a No. 5 patch on their uniforms through the end of their postseason run in honor of Brooks Robinson, The Baltimore Banner's Andy Kostka first reported Wednesday afternoon.

Robinson died at the age of 86 on Tuesday. The Orioles held a moment of silence for Robinson prior to first pitch against the Washington Nationals at Camden Yards later that night.

Robinson spent his entire 23-year career with the Orioles, setting an MLB record for the longest tenure with a single club. He guided Baltimore to its first two World Series titles in 1966 and 1970.

From 1955 to 1977, Robinson racked up 2,848 hits, 18 All-Star appearances and 16 Gold Gloves, in addition to an MVP award in 1964. Robinson built a reputation as one of the best defensive players in MLB history, and he ranks third all-time with a 39.1 career defensive WAR.

Robinson made the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1983, becoming the 16th first-ballot Hall of Famer in baseball history.

The Orioles retired Robinson's No. 5 in 1978, almost immediately after he ended his playing career. He was part of the inaugural class of the Baltimore Orioles Hall of Fame.

While Baltimore was a perennial contender through most of Robinson's time on the roster, the team has only made the playoffs three times in the last 25 seasons. That has changed in 2023, though, as the Orioles are on the verge of clinching just their second AL East crown since 1997.

The Orioles have five games left in the regular season. Their postseason slate will get underway next week, although their schedule and opponents have yet to be determined.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Published Sep 27, 2023
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/baltimore-orioles-to-wear-number-5-patch-honoring-legend-brooks-robinson-through-end-of-postseason 
 ----- 
