Sections
Show Search

LIVE COVERAGE

Increasing winds bring potential for ‘explosive fire growth’ across L.A. County this week
ANGELS
Angels’ skid reaches seven with another loss to Tigers
Former Dodger Kenta Maeda got the victory for the Tigers against the Angels on Wednesday. (Carlos Osorio / Associated Press)
Associated Press
Aug. 28, 2024 Updated 9:26 PM PT
Share

DETROIT —  Spencer Torkelson hit a two-run home run in the second inning, and Kerry Carpenter added an RBI single in the third as the Detroit Tigers extended their winning streak to six games with a 3-2 victory over the Angels on Wednesday night.

“We’re finding different ways to win,” Torkelson said. “We’re a versatile team. One night it might be the pitching staff, another night we get a couple bloopers to fall and some times it is a blast.”

The teams were forced to wait out a lengthy rain delay at the outset for the second straight night. This time, after a delay of 1 hour 50 minutes, first pitch took place at 8:30 p.m.

The Tigers moved two games over .500 at 68-66 for the first time since May 7, when they were 19-17.

“We are obviously in a much better place than we’ve been for quite a while, and we’ve earned it,” Tigers manager A.J. Hinch said. “But that doesn’t help us win tomorrow. I have to keep everyone grounded and try to get them to play another game like we did today.”

The Angels (54-79) lost their seventh straight game and have dropped 13 of 15.

“We played a better game tonight, but we just didn’t put any runs on the board,” Angels manager Ron Washington said. “They earned their three runs and we earned our two, but that’s not enough.”

Tigers opener Mason Englert, making his first appearance since June 24, pitched two scoreless innings before giving way to former Dodger Kenta Maeda.

Maeda (3-6) gave up two unearned runs and four hits with two walks in 4-1/3 innings.

“I was able to mix in all my pitches,” Maeda said through an interpreter. “It helped to have a lead — I just went out there and leaned on that.”

Beau Brieske followed with two scoreless innings and Jason Foley pitched the ninth for his 19th save.

“There’s a lot to love about a win like this,” Hinch said. “We made big pitches, we made some defensive plays and Foley comes in and shuts the door in the ninth.”

Angels starter Griffin Canning (4-12) took the loss, giving up three runs and five hits and four walks in five innings. Canning is 1-5 in his last 10 outings.

“He really battled out there and he did a good job getting us through five,” Washington said. “If he’d been giving up three runs all year, we would have taken it.”

The Tigers took a 2-0 lead in the second on Torkelson’s two-run shot, his third since returning to the majors on Aug. 17. Detroit took a three-run lead on Carpenter’s run-scoring hit in the third. Carpenter has four RBIs in the first two games of the series.

“Jace (Jung) had a terrific at-bat — that was a 10-pitch walk — and I think he tired (Canning) out,” Torkelson said. “He gave me a good pitch and I was ready for it.”

Detroit took a three-run lead on Carpenter’s run-scoring hit in the third. Carpenter has four RBIs in the first two games of the series.

Mickey Moniak made it 3-2 with a 409-foot homer to right-center in the sixth. It was the 20th homer allowed by Maeda in 99-2/3 innings.

At one point during Maeda’s stint, Tigers catcher Jake Rogers went to the mound for what was supposed to be a pep talk.

“He claimed he was speaking Japanese,” Maeda said. “I have no idea what he was saying.”

More to Read
Angels swept by White Sox, setting franchise record for losses in a season
Sept. 26, 2024
Angels fall in 10th to tie team record with 95th loss
Sept. 25, 2024
Angels fall to last-place White Sox for their 90th loss of the season
Sept. 16, 2024
ANGELS
More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Have Padres, Diamondbacks given up trying to keep pace with Dodgers? They’ve stood pat so far
Dec. 13, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024

SPORTS

Dave Parker, Dick Allen are elected to baseball’s Hall of Fame
Dec. 8, 2024

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani to recoup $325,000 in baseball cards. Ex-interpreter still owes him $16 million
Dec. 3, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Fire victims compete to find new homes as real estate market rages in Pacific Palisades, Altadena
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
First, they lost their home insurance. Then, L.A. fires consumed their homes
The architecturally significant houses destroyed in L.A.’s fires
Latest Angels
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Want to buy spring training tickets for the Dodgers? They won’t be cheap
Nov. 18, 2024
Rays stadium drama and potential relocation could upend MLB’s expansion plans
Nov. 16, 2024
How to watch the Angels and Dodgers next year amid MLB’s uncertain TV future
Nov. 15, 2024
Infielder Kevin Newman agrees to one-year, $2.75-million deal with Angels
Nov. 14, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/angels/story/2024-08-28/angels-tigers-wednesday-recap 
 ----- 
