Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Gunnar ties O's single-season SS HR record as bats erupt
Share
Gunnar ties O's single-season SS HR record as bats erupt
September 3rd, 2024

Melanie Martinez-Lopez

Share

0:00

0:31

BALTIMORE -- Gunnar Henderson had not scored a run since Aug. 24. He ended the weeklong drought and made history in the process during his first at-bat of Monday’s Labor Day contest.

He got the Orioles’ first run on the board en route to a 13-3 series-opening win over the White Sox at Camden Yards -- which helped the O's maintain pace at a half game behind the Yankees at the top of the AL East standings. Henderson scored his first run in eight days, but his 34th dinger did more than snap that streak.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

Henderson tied Hall of Famer Cal Ripken Jr. and six-time All-Star Miguel Tejada with the most homers by a Baltimore shortstop in a season. Tejada accomplished the feat in 2004, and Ripken set the bar in 1991.

“It’s really special, just the caliber that they were. It’s really cool being in that conversation. It’s something that I hold dearly,” Henderson said.

Against Sox starter Chris Flexen, the O’s leadoff hitter hammered a 92.8 mph fastball on a 1-1 count into center field at 108.2 mph.

“[I was] just trying to get some[thing] up, felt like I could do damage with,” Henderson said. “[I] chased on the pitch before, and then I was able to push it off just a little bit and get some barrel.”

The 23-year-old still has four more weeks to set a franchise record. He said he tries to be aware of his numbers when he’s close to tying or breaking records, but he doesn’t put all of his focus on it.

“Whenever you're trying to chase stuff like that, you don't really play your best ball,” he said. “[I feel] like that's just something that I've learned going through it -- just trying to go out there and help the team win any way I can and stuff like that comes with it. That’s the way I’ve tried to play and the way I try to help myself.”

The leadoff knock was the O’s 12th leadoff home run of the season -- which is tied for most leadoff home runs in franchise history, set in 1996, and leads MLB this year.

“​​Yeah, I liked it,” manager Brandon Hyde said. “He’s done that quite a few times for us this year. Have him back in the leadoff spot, and he gave us -- after they put up two -- he did a great job of getting the momentum back to our side with a big homer there in the first.”

Related
Who made the O's All-Quarter-Century team?

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

12:38 AM UTC

The 10 rarest, wildest box score lines of 2024

December 30th, 2024

Here is the 2024 'All-Awardless' team

December 1st, 2024

These 15 hitters are thankful for the luckiest hits of '24

November 28th, 2024

Baltimore continued to build onto its attack as the game went on, taking a 3-2 lead in the third inning and adding two more runs in the fifth.

Then the offense erupted and scored six runs in the sixth to extend the lead to 11-2. Cedric Mullins capped off the scoring, knocking a two-run homer in the bottom of the eighth.

By the end of the game, each Orioles starter recorded a hit and scored a run for the first time since Aug. 25, 2017.

“Yeah, and the beginning of the game was really frustrating because we left so many runners out there,” Hyde said. “Our bats weren’t the best there with multiple runners on base through the first few innings, but fortunately we broke it open there in the sixth and got some big hits. Austin Slater with a great day, and Emmanuel [Rivera] with a big day, too. I thought once we got in that bullpen, the bats were really good.”

It is only the second day in September, but with the offense breaking out as they did in the sixth inning and with a two-game win streak, the August struggles seem to be behind them.

“Offensively, we know that’s the team that we are,” said starter Corbin Burnes, who limited the White Sox to just two runs (one earned) in five innings. “We saw it for the first three months of the year before we got into a little funk. But there’s a reason why this offense is one of the best offenses in the game. They showed it tonight. … Usually, you have one of those games to kind of get you going and [it] all of a sudden sparks everyone, and everyone starts raking. So hopefully this is the game that carries us.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Baltimore Orioles
Gunnar Henderson

Melanie Martinez-Lopez is an MLB Digital Content Diversity Fellow based in Washington, D.C.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/gunnar-henderson-ties-orioles-record-for-shortstop-homers-in-season 
 ----- 
