Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
BREAKING
A plane crashes and bursts into flames while landing in South Korea, killing 179
SOCCER
Endrick and Yamal shine as Vinícius Júnior’s Brazil draws 3-3 with Spain in ‘One Skin’ friendly

MADRID (AP) — Teenagers Lamine Yamal and Endrick took the spotlight as Brazil drew 3-3 with Spain on Tuesday in the “One Skin” international friendly that was set up to highlight the fight against racism after a series of insults aimed at the Real Madrid forward Vinícius Júnior.

Updated March 26, 2024 at 9:03 p.m.
March 26, 2024
2 min read
Save

Brazil’s Vinicius Jr, centre, runs with the ball during a friendly soccer match between Spain and Brazil at the Santiago Bernabeu stadium in Madrid, Spain, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Jose Breton)

PW
By Tales Azzoni The Associated Press

MADRID (AP) — Teenagers Lamine Yamal and Endrick took the spotlight as Brazil drew 3-3 with Spain on Tuesday in the “One Skin” international friendly that was set up to highlight the fight against racism after a series of insults aimed at the Real Madrid forward Vinícius Júnior.

Vinícius was relatively quiet in a match in which Brazil equalized with a penalty converted by Lucas Paquetá deep into stoppage time after Rodri’s spot kick in the 87th had put Spain ahead.

Brazil had rallied from two goals down with an equalizer scored by Vinícius’ future Madrid teammate Endrick, the 17-year-old Palmeiras player who had made his scoring debut with Brazil just three days previous.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

The Spanish lineup was led by 16-year-old Barcelona forward Yamal, who helped set up three goals and received a standing ovation from the crowd at Madrid’s Santiago Bernabeu Stadium when he was substituted near the end of the match.

“Yamal and Endrick are players who have a chance to be stars at the 2026 World Cup,” Brazil coach Dorival Júnior said. “They both play at a very high level.”

The international friendly came a day after Vinícius broke down in tears while talking about the continued racist insults that he is subjected to in Spain, saying he was losing his desire to keep playing but pledged to continue his fight against racism.

Vinícius was loudly applauded when he was substituted in the 71st. The 23-year-old Brazilian, the Seleçao’s captain on Tuesday, received some of the loudest jeers when his name was introduced ahead of the match.

Brazilian players went onto the field wearing black jackets with the slogan “One Skin, One Identity.” The jackets will be auctioned to help an anti-racism campaign.

Vinícius, who has been accused of provoking fans and opponents, got into verbal altercations with Spanish players, including from the bench after leaving the match. He also shoved Spain defender Aymeric Laporte from behind while play was stopped.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Laporte tweeted after the match the question: “Maybe he wanted to dance…?” accompanied by a previous tweet with the image of Vinícius’ shove and quoting the Brazilian from Monday, when he said, “I just want to play soccer.”

The friendly game was set up by Spanish and Brazilian soccer officials amid the uproar that followed the racist insults aimed at Vinícius in a Spanish league game in Valencia 10 months ago. Many believed the incident would be a turning point for soccer in Spain, but another wave of racist abuse targeting Vinícius has followed.

While most of the attention was on Vinícius, it was Yamal threatening the most with his speed and quick moves to get past Brazilian defenders.

Rodri put Spain ahead by converting a 13th-minute penalty kick after Yamal made a run through the right side and was brought down by João Gomes inside the area.

Vinícius had Brazil’s first shot on goal in the 17th but it was easily saved by Spain goalkeeper Unai Simón.

Yamal set up Dani Olmo’s 36th-minute goal and Rodrigo pulled Brazil closer in the 40th after a mistake by Simón.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Endrick, who will arrive in Spain at the end of the season, equalized and was also set to take the late penalty but instead gave the ball to Paquetá. The crowed jeered as it wanted to see the new Madrid player try to score again.

Vinícius went to defend Endrick from the bench after Spanish players loudly complained because of a hard foul by his future teammate late in the match.

The Spaniards appeared unsettled with how Brazilian players celebrated the late equalizer near the Spanish fans.

Spain, preparing for the upcoming European Championship in Germany, was coming off a 1-0 loss to Colombia on Friday in London.

“I’m happy because we were better than Brazil in all areas,” coach Luis de la Fuente said. “I’m proud of the match we played.”

De la Fuente said he was “ashamed” by the jeers directed at Atletico Madrid forward Álvaro Morata by the crowd at the Bernabeu, where Morata used to play for earlier in his career.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Vinícius has been subjected to multiple racist insults since arriving in Spain six years ago. He complained on Monday about the lack of punishment for perpetrators and asked for help from FIFA, UEFA and other soccer institutions in the fight against racism.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
UNITED STATES
Trailblazing Canadian model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
18 hrs ago
GTA
‘This is just so heartbreaking’: Danforth community mourns well-known homeless woman who died over frigid weekend
9 hrs ago
BLUE JAYS
OPINION
Gregor Chisholm: The Blue Jays are back to the bad old days of scaring off top free agents. But for a different reason
18 hrs ago
HOME AND GARDEN
Two creative souls gutted their dark Roncesvalles home down to the studs. The result is a stunning shared vision
18 hrs ago
BUSINESS
Donald Trump appears to side with Elon Musk and tech allies in debate over foreign workers, roiling his supporters
10 hrs ago
GTA
Environment Canada issues rainfall warning for Toronto and surrounding areas
12 hrs ago
FOOD AND DRINK
Chef Craig Wong’s favourite places to eat and drink in Toronto — starting with the perfect breakfast
12 hrs ago
DEVELOPING
A plane crashes and bursts into flames while landing in South Korea, killing 179
56 mins ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Sports
SPORTS
Moeller earns first World Cup win as another injured skier is airlifted off 2026 Olympics slope
Article was updated 15 mins ago
Comments
SPORTS
Olympic Games in 2026 on the horizon for world champion ski jumper Alex Loutitt
2 hrs ago
Comments
SPORTS
Ljutic gives Croatian women’s ski team its 1st win since great Kostelic last triumphed in 2006
Article was updated 15 mins ago
Comments
CRICKET
South Africa seals place in World Test Championship final with a tense 2-wicket win against Pakistan
Article was updated 2 hrs ago
Comments
LEAFS
OPINION
Rosie DiManno: The Great Eight-Sixty-Nine: Alex Ovechkin and the Capitals beat the Leafs at their own game
4 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/sports/soccer/endrick-and-yamal-shine-as-vin-cius-j-niors-brazil-draws-3-3-with-spain/article_1e6361ba-df1c-5302-a38b-782b8c29b745.html 
 ----- 
