Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Jeju Air plane crash
Norovirus
Charles Dolan dies at 98
Mega Millions
Trump H1b
WORLD NEWS
Israel and Hamas dig in as pressure builds for a cease-fire in Gaza
0 seconds of 54 secondsVolume 90%
 
1 of 21 |  

At least 16 people were killed when a strike hit a residential building in southern Gaza overnight on Monday, according to The Associated Press journalists at a nearby hospital and relatives of those who died. (AP Video shot by Mohammad Jahjouh; Production by Wafaa Shurafa)

Read More
2 of 21 |  

Relatives of hostages held in Gaza locked themselves in cages during a protest in Tel Aviv on Tuesday, Mar. 26, urging Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to reach a deal to release their loved ones. (AP Video: Ami Bentov)

3 of 21 |  

An explosion rises in the northern Gaza Strip, as seen from southern Israel, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Ariel Schalit)

4 of 21 |  

Israeli soldiers rest on top of their tank on the border with the Gaza Strip, in southern Israel, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Ariel Schalit)

5 of 21 |  

Parachutes airdrops humanitarian aid over the northern Gaza Strip, as seen from southern Israel, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Ariel Schalit)

6 of 21 |  

Palestinians look at a house destroyed in an Israeli strike in Rafah, Gaza Strip on Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Fatima Shbair)

7 of 21 |  

Parachutes airdrops humanitarian aid over the northern Gaza Strip, as seen from southern Israel, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Ariel Schalit)

8 of 21 |  

Destroyed buildings stand inside the Gaza Strip, as seen from southern Israel, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Ariel Schalit)

9 of 21 |  

Israeli Defense Minister Yoav Gallant, second from left, meets with Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin at the Pentagon, Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)

10 of 21 |  

Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin meets with Israeli Defense Minister Yoav Gallant at the Pentagon, Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)

11 of 21 |  

In this photo released by an official website of the office of the Iranian supreme leader, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, right, speaks in a meeting with Hamas chief Ismail Haniyeh, second right, and his delegation, in Tehran, Iran, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. A portrait of the late Iranian revolutionary founder Ayatollah Khomeini hangs on the wall. (Office of the Iranian Supreme Leader via AP)

Read More
12 of 21 |  

Hamas chief Ismail Haniyeh, left, is welcomed by Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amirabdollahian for their meeting in Tehran, Iran, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Vahid Salemi)

13 of 21 |  

Palestinians mourn relatives killed in the Israeli bombardment of the Gaza Strip at a hospital morgue in Rafah, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Fatima Shbair)

14 of 21 |  

Palestinians mourn relatives killed in the Israeli bombardment of the Gaza Strip at a hospital morgue in Rafah, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Fatima Shbair)

15 of 21 |  

Palestinians mourn relatives killed in the Israeli bombardment of the Gaza Strip at a hospital morgue in Rafah, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Fatima Shbair)

16 of 21 |  

Israeli police officers disperse demonstrators blocking a highway during a protest calling for the release of hostages held in the Gaza Strip by the Hamas militant group in Tel Aviv, Israel, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Ohad Zwigenberg)

17 of 21 |  

Relatives and supporters of the Israeli hostages held in the Gaza Strip by the Hamas militant group attend a rally calling for their release in Tel Aviv, Israel, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Ohad Zwigenberg)

18 of 21 |  

Relatives and supporters of the Israeli hostages held in the Gaza Strip by the Hamas militant group block a road during a rally calling for their release in Tel Aviv, Israel, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Ohad Zwigenberg)

19 of 21 |  

Parachutes airdrops humanitarian aid over the northern Gaza Strip, as seen from southern Israel, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Ariel Schalit)

20 of 21 |  

Humanitarian aid is airdropped to Palestinians over Gaza City, Gaza Strip, Monday, March 25, 2024. (AP Photo/Mahmoud Essa)

21 of 21 |  

Parachutes airdrops humanitarian aid over the northern Gaza Strip, as seen from southern Israel, Tuesday, March 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Ariel Schalit)

BY  WAFAA SHURAFA, TIA GOLDENBERG AND JACK JEFFERY
Updated 5:06 AM UTC, March 27, 2024
Share

JERUSALEM (AP) — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday blasted a United Nations Security Council resolution calling for a Gaza cease-fire that his country’s top ally, the United States, chose not to block. He said the resolution had emboldened Hamas and he vowed to press ahead with the war.

As the war grinds through a sixth month, both Israel and Hamas have rejected cease-fire efforts, each insisting its version of victory is within reach. The passage of the U.N. resolution has also escalated tensions between the U.S. and Israel over the conduct of the war.

Netanyahu has said Israel can only achieve its aims of dismantling Hamas and returning scores of hostages if it expands its ground offensive to the southern city of Rafah, where over half of Gaza’s population has sought refuge, many in crowded tent camps. The U.S. has said a major assault on Rafah would be a mistake.

Hamas says it will hold onto the hostages until Israel agrees to a more permanent cease-fire, withdraws its forces from Gaza and releases hundreds of Palestinian prisoners, including top militants. It said late Monday that it rejected a recent proposal that fell short of those demands — which, if fulfilled, would allow it to claim an extremely costly victory.

ISRAEL-HAMAS WAR
Pentagon urges Israel to protect civilians in Gaza as military chiefs meet at time of high tensions
Trump urges Israel to ‘finish up’ its Gaza offensive and warns about global support fading
UN demand for Gaza cease-fire provokes strongest clash between US and Israel since war began

Netanyahu said in a statement that the announcement “proved clearly that Hamas is not interested in continuing negotiations toward a deal and served as unfortunate testimony to the damage of the Security Council decision.”

“Israel will not surrender to Hamas’ delusional demands and will continue to act to achieve all the goals of the war: releasing all the hostages, destroying Hamas’ military and governing capabilities and ensuring that Gaza will never again be a threat to Israel.”

0:00 / 27
AP AUDIO: Israel and Hamas dig in as international pressure builds for a cease-fire in Gaza.

AP United Nations correspondent Edith Lederer reports Israel is not happy that the U.S. abstained from a Security Council vote passing a cease-fire resolution for the first time, since the Israel-Hamas war began. The vote was 14-0.

Israel has killed over 32,000 Palestinians, around two-thirds of them women and children, according to Gaza’s Health Ministry, which does not distinguish between civilians and combatants in its tally. The fighting has left much of the Gaza Strip in ruins, displaced most its residents and driven a third of its population of 2.3 million to the brink of famine.

The Israeli military announced Tuesday that an airstrike earlier this month killed Marwan Issa, the deputy leader of Hamas’ armed wing in Gaza who helped plan the Oct. 7 attack. Issa is the highest-ranking Hamas leader to have been killed in Gaza since the start of the war. Military spokesperson Rear Adm. Daniel Hagari said Issa was killed when fighter jets struck an underground compound in central Gaza between March 9 and 10.

An Israeli strike late Monday on a residential building in Rafah where three displaced families were sheltering killed at least 16 people, including nine children and four women, according to hospital records and relatives of the deceased. An Associated Press reporter saw the bodies arrive at a hospital.

In the face of Hamas’ demands for a more permanent cease-fire, Netanyahu has vowed to resume Israel’s offensive after any hostage release and keep fighting until the militant group is destroyed. But he has provided few details about what would follow any such victory and has largely rejected a postwar vision outlined by the U.S.

That approach has brought him into increasingly open conflict with President Joe Biden’s administration, which has expressed mounting concern over civilian casualties — though it has continued to supply Israel with crucial military aid and back Israel’s aim of destroying Hamas.

The passage of Monday’s resolution by the U.N. Security Council resolution further deepened the divisions. The resolution called for the release of all hostages held in Gaza but did not condition the cease-fire on it. The Biden administration, which vetoed previous U.N. resolutions calling for a cease-fire, abstained in Monday’s vote, allowing it to pass.

In response, Netanyahu cancelled a planned visit by Israeli officials to Washington during which the U.S. side was set to propose alternatives to a ground assault in Rafah.

The move raised criticism in Israeli media that Netanyahu was straining Israel’s most important alliance in order to placate hard-liners in his governing coalition.

“He is prepared to sacrifice Israel’s relations with the United States for a short-lived political-media coup. He has completely lost it,” Ben Caspit, a prominent columnist in the Israeli newspaper Maariv, wrote.

He said Netanyahu has been trying U.S. patience by dragging his feet on ensuring more humanitarian aid gets into Gaza and on drawing up post-war plans. “Now, instead of doing everything to placate them, he is flailing about like a baby throwing a tantrum.”

Israeli Defense Minister Yoav Gallant, in Washington on a separate trip, held talks Tuesday with Secretary of State Antony Blinken and with top U.S. defense leaders.

Ahead of the meeting, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin described civilian casualties in Gaza as “far too high” and aid deliveries as “far too low.” But he also repeated the belief that Israel has the right to defend itself and the U.S. would always be there to help.

Gallant said he told Blinken “that Israel will not cease operating in Gaza until the return of all the hostages. Only a decisive victory will bring to an end of this war.”

Hamas’ top political leader, Ismail Haniyeh, said the U.N. resolution showed that Israel faces “an unprecedented (level of) political isolation” and was “losing its political cover” at the Security Council. He spoke at a news conference in Tehran after talks with officials in Iran, a key ally of Hamas.

The war began on Oct. 7, when Hamas-led militants stormed across the border and attacked communities in southern Israel, killing some 1,200 people, mostly civilians, and abducting around 250 others. It is still believed to be holding about 100 hostages and the remains of 35 others, after most of the rest were freed in November in exchange for the release of Palestinian prisoners.

The United States, Qatar and Egypt have spent several weeks trying to negotiate another cease-fire and hostage release, but those efforts appeared to have stalled.

Majed al-Ansari, a spokesperson for the Foreign Ministry of Qatar, which is currently hosting the talks, told reporters that the negotiations were ongoing, without providing details.

Hamas has previously proposed a phased process in which it would release all the remaining hostages in exchange for a full Israeli withdrawal from Gaza, the opening of its borders for aid and reconstruction, and the release of hundreds of Palestinian prisoners, including top militants serving life sentences.

___

Shurafa reported from Rafah, Gaza Strip.

___

Find more of AP’s war coverage at https://apnews.com/hub/israel-hamas-war

TIA GOLDENBERG
Goldenberg is an Associated Press reporter and producer covering Israel and the Palestinian territories. She previously reported on East and West Africa from Nairobi.
twitter
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
Learn More: Bipolar I Disor...
GoodRx
:
Advertisement
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Distri ct Of Columbia (Che...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From District Of Columbia That Senio...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Sleep Made Simple: LifeMD [Learn More]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
How to Save Money on Psoriatic Arthritis Prescriptions
GoodRx
Advertisement:
How to Qualify for the Medicare Grocery Benefit (Take a Look)
Grocery Benefit
Advertisement:
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instan tly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
The Perfect Game for Strategists
Ready for a challenge? This game was designed for the experienced and skillful...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
Walk-in Bathtubs May Be the Newest Trend in Modern Bathroom...
Newest Walk-In Tub
Advertisement:
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
15 hurt when passenger train stri kes fire truck that drove into...
Three firefighters and a dozen passengers have been injured in Florida after a fire...
AP News
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
Why These Ski Goggle s Are a Game Changer
topchicdeals
Advertisement:
Read More
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Storage Sheds Almost Being Given Away
Storage Unit Deals
Advertisement:
Learn More
Boy killed in Colorado reservatio n shooting was in bed when he...
A man has been arrested in the fatal shooting of a 7-year-old boy on a tribal...
AP News
Missing dog returned to family home and rang the doorbell
Athena, a 4-year-old German Shepherd and Husky mix, escaped her home in...
AP News
Jaw Dropping New Chevrolet Silverado 1500 Will Leave You...
New Truck Deals
Advertisement:
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Game shows what the world without US military interventions would look like
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
District Of Columbia: Winter Stock Alert - $49 Smart Heater Selling Out Fast
Ultra Heater:Advertisement
Shop Now
Americans can once again order 4 free at-home tests
Test Kits:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/israel-hamas-war-news-03-26-2024-49326c412161df2473c167c311781363 
 ----- 
