 
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Soccer
Premier League
MLS
NFL
NBA
MLB
NHL
Boxing
MMA
Golf
Tennis
F1
WWE
More
Login
Privacy Policy Feedback
Sunday, Dec 29th 2024 10AM 57°F 
1PM 63°F 
5-Day Forecast
ADVERTISEMENT
Judgement day for Rob Page's boys: Barcelona veteran forward Robert Lewandowski and Poland stand in the way of Wales reaching the Euro 2024 finals
Wales face Poland in the play-off final for a place at this summer's Euros
Robert Lewandowski remains Poland's biggest threat to Wales qualifying
Why it's a FARCE that relegated Wales could get a back-door route into Euro 2024 - Listen to the It's All Kicking Off podcast 

By IAN HERBERT

PUBLISHED: 18:30 EST, 25 March 2024 | UPDATED: 21:26 EST, 25 March 2024

e-mail
5
shares

View comments

They’ve been rolling out the Welsh royalty in Cardiff, as has become the custom on these big occasions.

Rhys Ifans, the actor, has taken over from Michael Sheen, motivator-in-chief before the World Cup, in providing some motivation for a Wales team looking to book a third successive tournament place for the nation in Tuesday’s play-off final.

But no gloss can obscure the fundamental challenge. While Wales journey on without their own once-in-a-generation genius, Poland are very much holding onto theirs. Robert Lewandowski has scored 82 goals for Poland – a record surpassed only by Romelu Lukaku, Ferenc Puskas and Cristiano Ronaldo - and is eyeing a last tournament.

With some chutzpah, manager Rob Page declared of Lewandowski: ‘He’s a fantastic player. We respect that. But it stops there. We have planned for him.’ You can never entirely plan for a player like him.

Lewandowski is 35 now, and though he didn’t register for the Poles in their 5-1 evisceration of Estonia in their play-off semi-final last week, he’s still very much the threat. Another 23 goals this season for the Barcelona player, including three for his country.

Wales 'relaxed' ahead of crucial Euro 2024 playoff against Poland
Loaded: 0%
Progress: 0%
0:00
Previous
Play
Skip
Mute
Current Time
0:00
/
Duration Time
2:31
Full Size
Need Text
+
5
View gallery

Wales face Poland in the play-off final in Cardiff for a place at this summer's Euros

+
5
View gallery

Robert Lewandowski remains Poland's biggest threat to Wales qualifying for the tournament

Wales have much to take belief from. Their home record, reading two defeats in 23 (though Poland were one of the two.) The colossal power of the national anthem in the latter stages of their 4-1 victory over Finland on Thursday.

But the match-up between Lewandowski and Chris Mepham, at the heart of central defence, is where the greatest jeopardy resides. When Teemu Pukki lurked with goalscoring intent for the Finns last Thursday night, Mepham’s radar failed him.

Compensation comes in the pleasing balance Page’s side revealed that night, with Nathan Ampadu and Jordan James bringing a strength to defensive midfield which gave the defenders confidence, as the wing backs Neco Williams and Connor Roberts were set free.

It will be a question of collective defending to deter Lewandowski, forward Harry Wilson observed. ‘He might not be getting younger, but if we give him half a sniff at goal, he’s going to take it,’ the Fulham striker said. ‘We need to make sure we stop him and don’t give him space or chances. If we do that, we’re confident with the quality in our dressing room going the other way that we can really hurt them.’

The Poles have several other elite players – including Arsenal defender Jakub Kiwior and Napoli midfielder Piotr Zielinski - though they could be without Aston Villa right-back Matty Cash, who went off injured against Estonia.

+
5
View gallery

Wales boss Rob Page declared he has a plan to stop Lewandowski scoring on the night

They, just like Wales, have arrived here on the back of months of uncertainty, after qualification campaigns which, as Page put in on Monday, brought ‘bumps in the road.’

For Wales there were the back-to-back defeats against Armenia and Turkey last summer and the defeat to Armenia in Cardiff, which felt humiliating at the time and posed questions about Page’s future. 

There was a memorable win over Croatia last October but a draw out in Armenia deprived them of automatic qualification.

Poland’s defeat in Moldova was a national humiliation and a subsequent loss to Albania saw manager Fernando Santos' shown the door. Theirs has been an even more pronounced limp to this moment.

+
5
View gallery

Lewandowski has scored 82 goals for Poland – and is eyeing a last tournament in Germany

It can’t be said that history is on Wales side. The nation’s last win over Poland was way back in March 1973, when fewer than 13,000 fans watched a 2-0 win at the old Ninian Park, with Leighton James and the late Trevor Hockey scoring. 

The game fell within the same three-nation World Cup qualification group which saw England fail to beat the Poles and miss out on the finals. Wales have lost seven and drawn two of the nine subsequent meetings.

Page has, as you would expect, already had Wales FA staff surveying possible Euros bases and it would be some achievement to reach a third consecutive final in the post-Gareth Bale era. They would face France, Austria and Netherlands in Group D.

The manager, deliberating over whether to start with Brooks or Kieffer Moore, was full of his usual boundless positivity. ‘It’s about us playing to the best we can play,’ he said. ‘If we match the levels we can, certainly at home, the result takes care of itself.’

Cardiff City
Michael Sheen
Robert Lewandowski
Share or comment on this article: Judgement day for Rob Page's boys: Barcelona veteran forward Robert Lewandowski and Poland stand in the way of Wales reaching the Euro 2024 finals
e-mail
5
shares
Recommended by
Bing
Site Web
Enter search term:
Search
 
 
STARS OF SPORT
College football fans want Arkansas' Fernando Carmona banned for life after his 'disgusting' act
Olivia Ponton drops Joe Burrow romance hint with cryptic message before Bengals win
Amid romance speculation 
Michael Penix Jr. announces bombshell news days after replacing Kirk Cousins as Atlanta Falcons QB
Inside Tom Brady's Las Vegas gamble as the NFL icon prepares to take the helm at the Raiders
ADVERTISEMENT
Referee left bloodied after suffering gruesome cut in wild brawl at college football game
ADVERTISEMENT
 
KEEP UPDATED WITH DAILY MAIL SPORT USA ON TIKTOK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MORE SPORTS STARS
Sydney Thomas stuns in tight outfit at first NBA game as viral boxing ring girl enjoys VIP treatment courtside
ADVERTISEMENT
Michael Strahan's daughter gives cancer update from the Bahamas
After receiving treatment for a brain tumor earlier this year 
Shohei Ohtani announces his wife Mamiko Tanaka is pregnant
Brings MLB star's whirlwind year to an astonishing end 
The eye-watering bonus Jim Harbaugh has banked after leading LA Chargers to playoffs
ADVERTISEMENT
John Legend and wife Chrissy Teigen show that not all Americans follow our beautiful game as she confuses 'underdog' Chelsea with Ipswich on Arsenal trip
Fans fume as Bengals star Chase Brown suffers worrying injury after 'pointless' tactic
Mike Tyson, 58, shares heartbreaking revelation one month on from Jake Paul defeat
Cowboys coach Mike McCarthy 'hires Tom Brady's agent and could quit' after miserable season in Dallas
Buyer of Michael Jordan's cut-price $9.5m Chicago mansion revealed
Plans to honor legacy of NBA great after putting him out of misery 
Travis Kelce gets emotional $120,000 Christmas gift from Chiefs teammates after his $6m home was robbed
Was delighted with it 
Philadelphia Eagles legend Bill Bergey dies at 79 after three-year cancer battle, family reveals
Ex-Mississippi State running back Dontae Walker, who served jail time for drug possession, dead
Lions QB Jared Goff reveals why he has 'issue' with 49ers' Brock Purdy: 'Got to relax'
World's greatest chess player Magnus Carlsen quits tournament after being told he cannot play while wearing jeans
ADVERTISEMENT
Tyreek Hill drops major hint he could be traded to the Los Angeles Chargers
NFL quarterback doubtful for Sunday showdown with playoff hopes hanging by a thread
Revealed: Bizarre reason Jorginho's form dipped at Chelsea 'shared by beautician involved in late-night showdown with Arsenal star's fiancee'
Andre Onana is urged to LEAVE Man United by former Old Trafford flop - with under-fire goalkeeper told it's 'pointless' to stay at the club because he's 'not cu...
The sportswomen earning most on OnlyFans... featuring Olympic stunners and a racing driver-turned pornstar
NBA icon Isiah Thomas, 63, reveals shock health news
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce take their relationship to the next level with life-changing move
Travis Kelce recharges with Taylor Swift in romantic New York trip
After spending his Christmas Day on the football field 
French swimmers reveal shocking state of their Olympic bronze medals four months on from Paris 2024 - after terrible conditions of medals went viral in summer
Cleveland Browns make major decision on Deshaun Watson's $230million contract
ADVERTISEMENT
Leicester vs Man City - Premier League: Live score and updates as Pep Guardiola is boosted by returning star man as he searches for a first win in five games ag...
Why parents are getting their kids FAKE kits for Christmas: Incredible data shows fed up fans are turning to knock offs in their droves… so, which Premier Leagu...
Danica Patrick reveals why she got a back tattoo as she points out easiest way to spot a Republican
Rio Ferdinand insists Arne Slot is NOT the Premier League's manager of the season so far in a heated debate with Owen Hargreaves - as he claims the Liverpool bo...
Revealed: Pep Guardiola's 'FIVE-MAN wishlist to improve Man City' as he 'eyes up big-money midfielders and in-demand Premier League defender' in bid to stop the...
Kyrie Irving says what everyone is thinking after fight erupts between Phoenix Suns and Dallas Mavericks
Trent Alexander-Arnold is already a Liverpool legend and one of the best creative players in the world... it's a crying shame English football has never fully a...
Are Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodriguez secretly MARRIED? Football superstar's slip of the tongue at awards gala sets off the rumour mill
Shock moment controversial 7ft NBA star Joel Embiid screams at female referee before being ejected
Micah Parsons divides opinion with controversial Joe Burrow statement after Bengals QB's heroics vs Broncos
Marc Guehi 'wants to join Liverpool and is willing to wait to get his move' with his contract ticking down - as Crystal Palace 'eye up Reds wonderkid as part of...
Former Jets coach Eric Mangini makes shock accusation against Aaron Rodgers
Ruben Amorim names one Man United star who has proven his critics wrong and declares him an 'example' despite Red Devils' nightmare season
Liverpool outcast 'seeks move away from Anfield'... with many top European clubs 'lining up for his signature' after a miserable spell on Merseyside
Premier League: Live score, team news and updates from Sunday's afternoon kick-offs including Tottenham vs Wolves, Everton vs Nottingham Forest, Crystal Palace ...
ADVERTISEMENT
Trent Alexander-Arnold's 'move to Real Madrid is almost complete', claims bombshell report in Spain - with Liverpool star 'ignoring offers to stay at Anfield' a...
Staggering amount Beyonce was paid by Netflix to perform at halftime of Ravens-Texans NFL game
For Christmas Day spectacle in Houston
Bukayo Saka breaks silence on his hamstring injury with an update to fans from his hospital bed... as Arsenal star prepares for 'up to two months' on the sideli...
Shocking details emerge about cop who pinned Dolphins player Tyreek Hill to the floor
Tottenham make decision on Ange Postecoglou as crunch clash emerges as key to Australian's future as manager
Ultimate club-by-club guide for the January transfer window: What Man United plan to do with Marcus Rashford... and the Euro 2024 star who could save Man City's...
Former Premier League star emerges as front-runner for West Brom job - after Carlos Corberan left the Baggies to join Valencia on Christmas Eve
Granit Xhaka shows off dramatic new haircut as the former Arsenal star makes the most of festive period downtime by hitting the ski slopes with his family
Ryan Bertrand on the Chelsea loan carousel, turning his hand to business and why players must educate themselves - as Champions League winner opens up on life a...
Man United 'eyeing up £30m move for Brighton goalkeeper Bart Verbruggen with Red Devils on the hunt for replacement for unsettled Andre Onana'
ADVERTISEMENT
Rickey Henderson's cause of death is revealed following MLB legend's shock passing at 65
The story of how Newcastle's liquid-limbed goal machine Alexander Isak became football's hottest property - and the secret to keeping him at the club, writes CR...
Why 2025 will be the year Mo Salah dethrones King Henry as the Premier League's greatest, writes DANNY MURPHY
Golf star Viktor Hovland suffers a freak injury in the BEDROOM - putting PGA Tour opener participation in doubt
How 'Ruben Interim' blew his Man United honeymoon - and why they really are in a relegation battle
Jurgen Klopp sent F1 offer just days before starting his new Red Bull role... as Helmut Marko admits he would 'LOVE' to team up with the former Liverpool manage...
Nick Saban speaks out on Shane Gillis 'cheater' dig as he fires back at comedian with hilarious putdown
Beyoncé sparks frenzied social media reaction as she flashes bold gesture during halftime show in first appearance since Jay-Z rape claim
Tottenham January transfer briefing: who are they after, what do they need and who might leave?
Seattle fans demand DK Metcalf is traded after shocking moment in Bears-Seahawks game
Another outburst from the wide receiver in Chicago
ADVERTISEMENT
Scottie Scheffler undergoes surgery after freak accident preparing Christmas dinner
Scheffler was will miss the 2025 season-opener in Hawaii next month
Enzo Fernandez's ex-fiancee reveals she will fly to London to reunite with the £107m Chelsea star for New Year's Eve… just two months after star broke off their...
Arsenal fans are convinced a loan star is being recalled after Bukayo Saka's hamstring injury... as private jet lands in London just days after midfielder was d...
What has happened to Pete Sampras since he retired and why has he shied away from fame?
Dave Portnoy gives brutal verdict on Beyonce's halftime show during Texans-Ravens Christmas game
ESPN staffer dies days before Christmas as emotional colleague fights back the tears during on-air tribute
Fans are all saying the same thing about rendition of the National Anthem before NFL Christmas game
Texas natives Pentatonix performed
Everyone spots the same thing in LeBron James' Christmas post with wife Savannah and their kids Bronny, Bryce and Zhuri
Happy families 
Bruno Fernandes is now a liability for Man United. With the damage he does to those around him, Ruben Amorim must consider his future, writes GRAEME SOUNESS
Pat McAfee accused of firing off at ESPN rival Stephen A. Smith after Shannon Sharpe hit out at a colleague
ADVERTISEMENT
Sam Kerr and her parents met by troubled ex-AFL player brother at Perth airport - after racing back from Matildas teammate's wedding when a ute struck her grand...
Chelsea January transfer briefing: who are they after, what do they need and who might leave?
Ralf Schumacher aims fresh dig at Lewis Hamilton ahead of Ferrari move as he names the key difference between Briton and his superstar brother Michael
EXCLUSIVEAEW's Chris Jericho reveals the only person who can tell him to stop wrestling after 'please retire' chants
There will come a time when he quits  
Chelsea boss Enzo Maresca picks out the Man City reject who can break into the England team under Thomas Tuchel
ADVERTISEMENT
Michael Strahan launches blistering attack on Kirk Cousins after Falcons benched the quarterback
 Michael Penix Jr. takes over in Atlanta 
Patrick Mahomes' mom gives concerning update on her father's health
Months after she shared a picture of her daughter Mia sat by a hospital bed
Ligue 1's official account hits back at Cristiano Ronaldo with brutal six-word post - after Al-Nassr star doubled down on criticism of French top flight
Cesc Fabregas delivers positive update on Dele Alli as he begins his trial period at Como FC... with ex-Tottenham and England star eager to revive his faltering...
Revealed: Newcastle 'set HUGE asking price for Alexander Isak'... with top clubs including Arsenal, Real Madrid and Liverpool 'interested in the in-form striker...
ADVERTISEMENT
Yankees star Aaron Judge and his wife get life-changing news
After he suffered heartbreaking World Series defeat against the Dodgers
Man United's 'Scrooge' co-owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe 'cancels £40,000 charity donation for club legends' in multi-billionaire's latest penny-pinching after sacking...
Real Madrid are convinced Trent Alexander-Arnold will join them for free at the end of the season - and have ALREADY planned for his arrival ahead of the Januar...
Tragic coincidence for Sam Kerr's family after her grandmother is struck by a ute while getting off a bus - as heartbroken Matildas star breaks her silence
We asked ChatGPT how Pep Guardiola can fix Manchester City - here are the EIGHT things he must address to make his champions a winning force again
How Virgil van Dijk went to the next level under Arne Slot - and why Liverpool's aquacycling leader wants to stay
Rio Ferdinand names FOUR Liverpool players in his Team of the Season so far as Bukayo Saka and Cole Palmer make the cut - and reveals the Arsenal defender who i...
Leeds United condemn supporters after video of them singing an anti-Palestine song in support of Israeli player Manor Solomon went viral
Meet 2025's top draft prospects: A new Caitlin Clark, Coach Prime's legacy and another Holliday
Fans brutally mock Joe Burrow over 'weird' outfit ahead of Bengals-Browns: 'Dude dresses like he's 14'
ADVERTISEMENT
Clay Travis accuses Ryan Clark of using his race 'to mask his insecurities' in astonishing attack
Luke Littler left baffled by World Darts Championship opponent's pre-match claim ahead of Ally Pally last-16 clash: 'Not good for his game'
PSG 'join the race for Dani Olmo' amid Man City and Arsenal interest - after Barcelona attempts to re-register £50m star were sensationally blocked by LaLiga, l...
WNBA star rips into Elon Musk with 'go back to Africa' jibe
After tech billionaire and Donald Trump's defeat in congress 
Cristiano Ronaldo labels the Ballon d'Or as 'UNFAIR' and that Rodri should not have won it - as five-time previous winner reveals who should have been the 'clea...
Boxer Paul Bamba dies aged 35... just six days after his final fight and weeks after signing with Ne-Yo
Was named WBA Gold Cruiserweight champion
Former Premier League hardman named Stoke's new caretaker manager... as Narcis Pelach is sacked after just three months in charge of Championship club
Novak Djokovic opens up on 'strange' experience of working with new coach Andy Murray - and condemns tennis' handling of Jannik Sinner and Iga Swiatek's positiv...
Mohamed Salah is criticised by Muslim fans after Liverpool star shares latest picture with wife and children in front of a Christmas tree
Taylor Swift breaks silence on Travis Kelce's Christmas touchdown for the Chiefs
Follow
Daily Mail Sport
 
Subscribe
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@mailsport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@MailSport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
Get the Football RSS feed
RSS
 
My Yahoo!
 
Feedly
More RSS feeds...
Today's headlines
Most Read
Leicester vs Man City - Premier League: Live score and updates as Pep Guardiola is boosted by returning star...
Premier League: Live score, team news and updates from Sunday's afternoon kick-offs including Tottenham vs...
The story of how Newcastle's liquid-limbed goal machine Alexander Isak became football's hottest property -...
Andre Onana is urged to LEAVE Man United by former Old Trafford flop - with under-fire goalkeeper told it's...
Revealed: Pep Guardiola's 'FIVE-MAN wishlist to improve Man City' as he 'eyes up big-money midfielders and...
Ad Feature
Jarrod Bowen and Luis Diaz both to score today BOOSTED to 10/1 - as West Ham and league leaders Liverpool...
Tottenham January transfer briefing: who are they after, what do they need and who might leave?
Revealed: Bizarre reason Jorginho's form dipped at Chelsea 'shared by beautician involved in late-night...
Luke Littler left baffled by World Darts Championship opponent's pre-match claim ahead of Ally Pally last-16...
Man United 'eyeing up £30m move for Brighton goalkeeper Bart Verbruggen with Red Devils on the hunt for...
PLAY TEAMSHEET: Can YOU name the Liverpool team that scraped past West Ham 15 years ago?
Trent Alexander-Arnold is already a Liverpool legend and one of the best creative players in the world......
Ultimate club-by-club guide for the January transfer window: What Man United plan to do with Marcus...
Inside a wild Christmas with the Marlers! Ex-England star JOE MARLER opens up on his favourite festive...
Ralf Schumacher aims fresh dig at Lewis Hamilton ahead of Ferrari move as he names the key difference...
Inside Michael Johnson's athletics revolution: Olympic legend reveals his superplan to challenge tennis and...
Chelsea January transfer briefing: who are they after, what do they need and who might leave?
Why 2025 will be the year Mo Salah dethrones King Henry as the Premier League's greatest, writes DANNY...
He makes you feel like you can fly: The secrets of Marco Silva's success as the hottest managerial property...
Bruno Fernandes is now a liability for Man United. With the damage he does to those around him, Ruben Amorim...
MORE HEADLINES
Back to top
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Sitemap Archive Video Archive Authors Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group

dmg media
Contact us How to complain Leadership Team Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Do not sell or share my personal information CA Privacy Notice About MailOnline Privacy policy & cookies 
DMG Media and its partners use cookies and other technologies to collect user data  from your device, so that:
We can deliver content and advertising that's relevant to you 
We give you the best experience
Control how your data is used and view more info at any
time via the Cookie Settings link in our Privacy Policy
View more info
Got it
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-13237447/Wales-Rob-Page-Robert-Lewandowski-Poland-Euros.html 
 ----- 
