Tuesday, December 17, 2024
Home
Advertise
Write for Us
About
Contact
Soccer News
Popular Tickets !
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
1
See Tickets
Home
News
Live Scores
Soccer Stats
Head 2 Head
Transfers
Betting
Tickets
More
icon
TRANSFER NEWS
1. Leicester City eye Chelsea midfielder Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall
2. Antonio Conte wants Nemanja Matic at Napoli
3. Manchester United linked with Sunderland star Chris Rigg
4. Manchester City explore Pogba deal
5. Arsenal want to sign Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic in January

Select Competition

▾

Select Team

▾
NEWS
LATEST
COLUMNS
LEAGUES
TOURNAMENTS
TRANSFERS
BETTING TIPS
MATCH PREVIEWS
SPECIALS
3Tips for you!
1
Bitesize Prediction: Malaga vs Eldense – 18/12/24 [...]
2
Bitesize Prediction: Ferrol vs Almeria – 18/12/24 [...]
3
December 18th: Wednesday’s EFL Cup Double – 3/1 Special, Betting Tips & Predictions [...]
This Week's Promos
£/€50 Free Match Bet

Claim up to £/€50 free sports match bet. Enter promo code: F50. New customers only.

18+. T&C Apply. Gamble Responsibly.
£25 MATCHED BET

Sign up with F25 promo code for up to £25 free matched bet. New customers only.

18+. T&C Apply. Gamble Responsibly.
Prediction: Chile vs Brazil

Tom Dunstan in Free Soccer Predictions, World Cup 8 Oct 2024

 238 Views
0
COMMENTS

Verdict: Both teams to score – No

Best Odds: 8/11

Bookmaker: Dachbet

Desperate to claim a crucial World Cup qualifying boost in the early hours of Friday, Brazil will travel Santiago when they meet Chile.

Chile

Starting with the hosts, last seen signing off September’s international break with another nightmare performance as they slumped to an infamous 2-1 loss at home against Bolivia, Chile find themselves at the heart of what has become a real crisis. Enduring a public Copa America struggle over the summer as they failed to find a route to the knockout stage, Ricardo Gareca’s men have continued to break a string of unwanted records. Marking their return to World Cup qualifying action last month with a routine 3-0 drumming at the hands of Argentina, Chile have failed to muster a single win from any of their previous eight competitive appearances across all competitions. Battling it out at the foot of the table and facing an almighty uphill battle, Friday’s hosts have also suffered back-to-back defeats for the first time on home soil in over two years.

Team News

Universidad de Chile’s Fabian Hormazabal and Marcelo Morales are among four players who have received a senior call up to Chile’s squad. However, in what was a real upset announcement last week, Southampton striker Ben Brereton Diaz has been omitted from Gareca’s squad and will not feature over the next week.

Likewise, clearly making some real changes behind the scenes, Chile have also decided to leave out ex-Barcelona midfielder Arturo Vidal and record-breaking skipper Alexis Sanchez. Former Napoli striker Eduardo Vargas looks set to earn a 115th international cap here.

Brazil

As for the visitors, watching their Copa America adventure come to a quarter-final end over the summer as they suffered penalties heartbreak at the hands of Uruguay, Brazil have come under a huge amount of recent scrutiny. Last seen signing off September’s round of fixtures with a remarkable 1-0 defeat away at Paraguay, it is no secret that Dorival Junior finds a tremendous amount of pressure on his shoulders. Collecting just 10 points from their first eight World Cup qualifiers, the South American giants already set eight points adrift of runaway leaders and arch-rivals Argentina. In fact, along with mustering just a single victory from any of their previous four appearances, Brazil have also registered just a quartet of wins from any of their last 14 consecutive showdowns – a rut that stems back over the past 13 months.

Team News

In what was a huge double blow for Brazil, the South American giants have confirmed that both Liverpool shot-stopper Alisson and Real Madrid talisman Vinicius Junior have withdrawn from the Selecao’s squad. However, the Premier League-based duo of Lucas Paqueta and Bruno Guimaraes have been included.

Manchester City goalkeeper Ederson will replace Alisson between the sticks and earn a 26th international cap. Making a real impact since arriving in Madrid over the summer, 18-year-old sensation Endrick will feature in Santiago.

Key Factors to Consider
When Chile and Brazil last met back in March 2023 while in World Cup qualifying action, the Selecao collected a thumping 4-0 victory on home soil.
However, the South American icons have remarkably won just a quartet of their previous 14 appearances across all competitions.
Likewise, Chile have failed to register a single win from any of their previous eight consecutive appearances.
Brazil have failed to record more than a single strike in six of their previous seven showdowns across all formats.
Each of the last six meetings between Chile and Brazil have finished with just one side getting on the scoresheet.

Conclusion

Marking their return to World Cup qualifying action in the early hours of Friday, Brazil have a huge amount of pressure on their shoulders here. Remarkably winning just a quartet of their previous 14 appearances across all competitions, the Selecao are desperately seeking a much-needed boost in Santiago. However, while they might meet a Chile squad that are in the midst of their own respective rut, we could be set for a nail-bitting affair this weekend.

Verdict: Both teams to score – No

Best Odds:

Bookmaker: Dachbet

Soccer News Like
People like this.
Be the first of your friends! 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
 
Tom Dunstan



Formerly of The Independent, Tom has spent the past six years as one of our senior writers and betting experts. Alongside working with numerous publications from across the globe, Tom also graduated from the University of Falmouth in 2014 with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Digital Media.
Spending almost the past decade working in countries such as Australia, New Zealand and Canada, he has also spent time featuring in sports radio. Tom can be followed on Instagram - @iamtomdunstan

SHARE OR COMMENT ON THIS ARTICLE
0
COMMENTS
ADD COMMENT
Categories Free Soccer Predictions World Cup

SHARE THIS ARTICLE

Share
0
Shares
READ ALSO
December 18th: Wednesday’s EFL Cup Double – 3/1 Special, Betting Tips & Predictions
December 17th: Tuesday’s Daily Double – 4/1 Special, Betting Tips & Predictions
Luis Enrique credits PSG for keeping errors to a minimum in win over Lyon
Fonseca rues Milan´s decision-making and profligacy after Genoa stalemate
WE RECOMMEND
Could Liverpool have finally found consistency?
Wayne Rooney should take responsibility for his poor performances
Manchester City will take some stopping this season
Effects of Barcelona’s infectious team spirit examined
Comments (0)
Share your opinion
ADD COMMENT
NEWEST
OLDEST
Leave a Reply
Connect with:
  

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Join the conversation!

Login or Register

More
More
ABOUT LOGO

Get all the latest football news, betting tips, and promotions for all the major leagues around the world. Read in depth articles on all major Premier League events and other from countries with comments and opinions from our experienced bloggers. Also, find fixtures, results, and live score service. Read More

POPULAR
All Headlines
Transfer News
2022/23 Transfers
Statistics, Tables & Results
BETTING
Soccer Betting
Bookmakers
Bonus Offers
Promotions
INFORMATION
ToS
Privacy
Advertise
Partners
FOLLOW LOGO
Facebook
 
Instagram
 
News Feed
SIGN UP AND JOIN OUR TEAM!

For all betting related promotions and bonuses. 18+ Only. Please gamble responsibly!

 

SoccerNews.com Copyright © 2006 - 2024 All Rights Reserved.

For all betting related promotions and bonuses. 18+ Only. Please gamble responsibly! All odds quoted correct at time of publishing and subject to change.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.soccernews.com/prediction-chile-vs-brazil-2/376931/ 
 ----- 
