NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Ohtani falls short of Triple Crown, steals 59th base as Dodgers beat Rockies
Associated Press
September 30, 2024 - 12:51am

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-09:d92430268df2bd98829bc9ac Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Chris Taylor bashed a solo home run and Shohei Ohtani stole his 59th base as the Los Angeles Dodgers closed their regular season with a 2-1 win over the Colorado Rockies.
3 comments

DENVER — Shohei Ohtani went 1 for 4 and fell short in his bid to become the National League’s first Triple Crown winner since 1937, stealing his 59th base to help the Los Angeles Dodgers rally past the Colorado Rockies 2-1 on Sunday in Charlie Blackmon’s final game.

Ohtani finished the regular season leading the NL in homers (54) and RBIs (130). His .310 average trailed San Diego’s Luis Arráez (.314) in the batting race.

The charter member of the 50-50 club, Ohtani swiped his 59th base during the eighth-inning rally.

The last NL Triple Crown winner was St. Louis Cardinals outfielder Joe Medwick in 1937. In the AL, Detroit's Miguel Cabrera won the Triple Crown in 2012.

Chris Taylor tied the game in the eighth with his first homer since July 7. Soon after Austin Barnes swiped third as part of a double steal with Ohtani. Rockies reliever Seth Halvorsen appeared to get his cleat caught in the dirt in his delivery and stopped. He was called for a balk to bring home Barnes.

Evan Phillips (5-1) earned the win and Edgardo Henriquez closed out the ninth for his first career save, among 14 Dodgers with saves this season.

The Dodgers wound up a major league-best 98-64, breaking a string of four straight full seasons with 100 or more wins (they went 43-17 during the pandemic-shortened 2020 season). The NL West champions open the Division Series on Saturday and have home-field advantage throughout the post-season.

Sam Hilliard launched a 476-foot shot into the right field third deck to give the Rockies a 1-0 lead in the second, the fourth-longest in the major leagues this season.

Starter Ryan Feltner scattered two hits over six strong innings in a no-decision. Reliever Victor Vodnik (5-4) took the loss.

It was an emotion-filled afternoon for Blackmon, who went 1 or 2 in his 14th and final season — all with the Rockies. He was lifted for a pinch-runner after his single in the third.

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-09:903a900adcbf51f4d0b0cb37 Player Element ID: vjs_video_874
OK
Close Modal Dialog

Blackmon was honoured in a pregame ceremony and trotted out to centre field all alone to soak in the applause. He leaves as the franchise’s all-time leader in triples and second behind Hall of Famer Todd Helton in games played and runs scored.

Colorado (61-101) has back-to-back 100-loss seasons. The team went 59-103 last season. The Rockies saw 2,540,195 fans attend games at Coors Field this season. Last year, the attendance at the hitter-friendly ballpark was 2,607,935.

Before the game, Rockies manager Bud Black sidestepped the topic of his expiring contract.

“I’m not talking about me. You know that,” Black playfully said. “Thank you for not asking.”

TRAINER'S ROOM

Dodgers: 1B Freddie Freeman continues to receive treatment on his sore right ankle. “I saw video of him walking. He’s ginger when he’s walking,” manager Dave Roberts said. Roberts is optimistic of a return for Freeman and SS Miguel Rojas (torn adductor) to start the playoffs.

UP NEXT:

Dodgers: A few days off before the NLDS begins Saturday.

Rockies: Open spring training at Arizona on Feb. 21.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Blue Jays close out disappointing season with loss to Marlins
Charlie Blackmon takes final curtain call before his retirement
MLB NEWS
MLBBen Nicholson-Smith
What arb deadline means for Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: Deals ahead of deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MLBSportsnet Staff
Mariners claim P Hagen Danner from Blue Jays
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBAssociated Press
Padres' Seidler denies allegations of wrongdoing
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/ohtani-falls-short-of-triple-crown-steals-59th-base-as-dodgers-beat-rockies/ 
 ----- 
