SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
Sports
SportsWatch live sports online
Morocco vs Republic of Congo: When, How to Watch World Cup Qualifier Game

According to Coach Regragui, the goal for the Atlas Lions is to win the game to attain the three points needed to finish first in their group.

Safaa KasraouiJune 11, 2024 11:20 a.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Best video game consoles
The match which was initially scheduled to take place in Kinshasa, will now kick off in Agadir at 8 p.m. Moroccan time.

Rabat - Morocco’s national team faces another key match today, squaring off against the Republic of Congo in an exciting 2026 World Cup qualifier today.

Moroccan cuisine

The match which was initially scheduled to take place in Kinshasa, will now kick off in Agadir at 8 p.m. Moroccan time.

The match will be broadcasted on Moroccan television channel Arriyadia as well as L'Equipe live broadcast.

In a pre-match conference yesterday, Regragui said that the Atlas Lions must win the game tonight to finish first in their group.

“The main objective is to qualify for the next World Cup,” he said, noting that the national team’s primary goal is to capture the remaining three points with this victory.

“We will try to combine quality of play with the result, especially since we are playing in front of our home crowd and under ideal conditions,” Regragui said.

Last week, Morocco also played and won a qualifier match against Zambia 2-1.

In March, the head coach found himself under criticism from many fans, who expressed dissatisfaction with the Atlas Lions performances, particularly citing Morocco’s early exit from the African Cup of Nations.

For fans, such performances fell far short of the standard set by Morocco’s national team during the 202 World Cup, where the AtlasLions impressed the world as semifinalists.

The achievement marked a milestone as Morocco became the first team in the Arab world and Africa to reach such an advanced stage in the tournament.

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Morocco’s New Agricultural Season Shows a Promising Start Amid Challenges
At AU, 2024 Saw Morocco’s Continued Commitment to African Resilience
Morocco Records Compliance Milestone in Cannabis Sector for 2024
Morocco Approves 5% Minimum Wage Increase for 2025
Moroccan Banks Available This Weekend for Your Year-End Needs
Morocco Introduces New Support System for Soft Wheat Imports in Early 2025
Morocco, Huawei Partner to Launch ‘DigiSchool’ Initiative
Morocco Reportedly Expands Control to Western Sahara Airspace
Recent
Popular
Comments
Floating The Moroccan Dirham: Challenges And Opportunities In 2026

Will Moroccan Banks’ Weekend Opening Herald End-Year Tax Rush?

Algeria Restricts Cellphone Subscriptions For Tindouf Camp Residents In Latest Round Of Repression

South Korean Crash Landing Claims 167 Lives

Mauritanian Military Reshuffle Signals Strategic Shift Away From Algeria

YOU MAY LIKE
Hakimi, El Kaabi Named In Best African XI For 2024

Former Raja President Sentenced To 3.5 Years In Prison For Financial Misconduct

Lamine Yamal Named Best Emerging Player Of 2024 At Globe Soccer Awards

Achraf Hakimi Has Become Indispensable For Luis Enrique’s PSG

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/06/363169/morocco-vs-republic-of-congo-when-how-to-watch-world-cup-qualifier-game 
 ----- 
