Skip to main content
Sections
Search
EPaper
Podcasts
Newsletters
More
WATCH: GLOBE TODAY
EPAPER
SPORTS
Red Sox
Patriots
Bruins
Celtics
Revolution
High Schools
Colleges
TV & Radio
METRO
Weather
Politics
Transportation
Education
Camberville
Around Mass.
Investigations
Obituaries
Death Notices
GAMES & PUZZLES
Crossword
Mini Crossword
Sudokus
Word Flower
WordroW
Jigsaw
BUSINESS
Tech Power Players
Technology
Economy
Housing
Real Estate
Jobs
Biotech
Future Of Work
The Fine Print
Bold Types
POLITICS
2024 Election
MONEY, POWER, INEQUALITY
CLIMATE
SPOTLIGHT
OPINION
Ideas
Columns And Op-Eds
Editorials
Letters
Cartoons
Say More Podcast
NEW HAMPSHIRE
Business
Politics
Education
Crime
Health
Commentary
RHODE ISLAND
Things To Do
Rhode Island Podcast
RI Food & Dining
Politics
Business
Arts
Crime
WORLD
COVID
GLOBE MAGAZINE
Miss Conduct
Dinner With Cupid
Perspective
Women & Power 2023
LIFESTYLE
A Beautiful Resistance
Food & Dining
Comics
Crossword
Games
Travel
Names
Love Letters
Real Estate
ARTS
Books
Movies
Music
Television
Visual Arts
Theater/Dance
CARS
REAL ESTATE
EVENTS
EPAPERMETROWEATHERPOLITICSSPORTSBUSINESSWATCH: GLOBE TODAYPUZZLESRHODE ISLANDGLOBE MAGAZINEOPINIONHEALTHARTSLIFESTYLEEDUCATIONCAMBERVILLEMONEY, POWER, INEQUALITYSPOTLIGHTTECHNOLOGYCLIMATECARSREAL ESTATEEVENTS
SIGN IN
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Starting at $1
ORIOLES 5, RAYS 4
Orioles celebrate postseason berth with walkoff win over Rays, who also got in before game was decided
By Noah Trister Associated Press,Updated September 17, 2023, 8:42 p.m.
4
It was time to celebrate in Baltimore after the Orioles clinched a playoff spot and beat the Rays, who also locked up a postseason berth, in 11 innings.PATRICK SMITH/GETTY

BALTIMORE — With the division title still in doubt, it wasn’t clear if the Orioles would stage a big celebration when they merely clinched a postseason berth.

After a win like this, how could they not?

Cedric Mullins hit a sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 11th inning, and the Orioles edged the Rays, 5-4, on Sunday after both teams clinched spots in the playoffs. Cleveland’s win over Texas meant Baltimore and Tampa Bay were both in — but Orioles fans ended up with more to cheer about than just that.

Moments later, Adam Frazier doubled home the tying run in the bottom of the ninth off Pete Fairbanks to send the game to extra innings. That was the first of two occasions when the Orioles tied it while down to their last out. Adley Rutschman hit an RBI single for Baltimore in the 10th.

Advertisement

“That’s exactly how we’ve played all year,” Mullins said after his team’s major league-leading 47th comeback win. “We pass it off to the next guy, and even if one guy doesn’t get through the other guy’s going to.”

Get Starting Point
A guide through the most important stories of the morning, delivered Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Enter Email
Sign Up

D.L. Hall (2-0) threw a scoreless 11th, retiring the Rays on a popup and two grounders. Ryan O’Hearn then sacrificed the automatic runner to third for Baltimore, giving Mullins a chance to win the game. His flyball to center off Jake Diekman (0-2) was easily deep enough to end it, touching off an on-field celebration in which the players wore orange shirts saying “TAKE OCTOBER” on them.

The Orioles eventually made it into their clubhouse where they held a bubbly party with plastic protecting their lockers from getting soaked.

“We had a couple meetings about it. The veteran players talked us through it,” general manager Mike Elias said. “If we had lost today’s game, I think we would have done a toast, something a little more subdued. I think they wanted to celebrate after a walkoff win, so this worked out perfectly.”

There was plastic atop some lockers in the Tampa Bay clubhouse, too, but it wasn’t unrolled and the atmosphere was quiet. The Rays are headed to the postseason for a fifth straight year.

“They’re all special in their own way,” said Tampa Bay manager Kevin Cash, ejected in the bottom of the ninth over a checked swing. “I just spoke to the club really briefly, congratulated the guys in the room, the guys that have contributed throughout that are not in the room with us. It’s taken a lot to get here. I think everybody realizes that.”

Advertisement

The Orioles salvaged a split in this key four-game series at Camden Yards and took a two-game lead over Tampa Bay atop the AL East. Baltimore also holds the tiebreaker over the Rays.

“Two great teams going at it,” Cash said. “We did everything to win the game, and then they answered and kind of came back and they did everything to win the game.”

Tristan Gray homered in his second big league game to put Tampa Bay ahead in the eighth inning, and Christian Bethancourt followed with a solo shot to make it 3-1, but Rutschman hit a solo shot in the bottom half and Frazier tied it an inning later.

The Texas-Cleveland game ended shortly before Frazier’s double down the line in left field made it 3-all. Between the ninth and 10th innings, a message appeared on the scoreboard announcing that the Orioles were in the playoffs, to the delight of the crowd.

The Orioles are postseason bound for the first time since 2016, marking another benchmark for a successful rebuild fueled by their excellent minor league system. Baltimore lost 110 games just two seasons ago before improving to 83-79 in 2022 and taking another big step forward this year.

For Tampa Bay, a postseason berth has seemed likely since back in April, when the Rays looked dominant in winning their first 13 games. They were eventually passed by Baltimore, but they’ve been able to keep winning despite losing ace Shane McClanahan to Tommy John surgery. Wander Franco, Tampa Bay’s star shortstop, has been on administrative leave while authorities in the Dominican Republic investigate him for an alleged relationship with a minor.

Advertisement

Show comments
BOSTON GLOBE TODAY
Does the Patriots’ path forward include Mike Vrabel?
SHARE

7:54

What does moving on mean for New England? Senior NFL writer Ben Volin and beat reporter Christopher Price weigh in on how the franchise can rebuild.
NOW PLAYING
Does the Patriots’ path forward include Mike Vrabel?
The Patriots players that should return to Foxborough
NFL Draft: What will the Patriots do with no. 4 pick?
SEE MORE VIDEOS


MOST POPULAR ON BOSTONGLOBE.COM
Source: Patriots in negotiations to sign Mike Vrabel as head coach
Around 60 Tatte workers forced to resign amid growing immigration fears
Which ballparks should you visit this summer? Here’s the list of the best (and worst) in Major League Baseball
The real reasons why LA’s fires are out of control
Ranking the six NFL head coaching vacancies (and, yes, the Patriots really are No. 1)
Red Sox remain more incomplete than incredible, their lineup having only shrank since last season
Boston Police and federal ICE officials are arguing over detainer requests — and the faxes that the feds sent
Mass General’s growth comes at expense of affordable health care


VIEWS FROM OUR COLUMNISTS
CHAD FINN
NESN appears to be finally getting Red Sox booth right again
CHRISTOPHER L. GASPER
Stop crediting the Krafts for making the hard decision to fire Jerod Mayo. It was the easy way out.
DAN SHAUGHNESSY
The real season — the offseason — is finally here for the Patriots, and other thoughts
TARA SULLIVAN
If Robert Kraft doesn’t get this next Patriots coaching hire right, will his legacy sustain permanent damage?
GARY WASHBURN
Next step in Jaylen Brown’s journey comes in his signature sneakers
MORE ON GLOBE.COM
OPINION
The real reasons why LA’s fires are out of control
The most devastating wildfires in LA history are forcing almost every resident to flee or hunker down in fear while outsiders unfairly spread blame.
PATRIOTS
Source: Patriots in negotiations to sign Mike Vrabel as head coach
If the former Patriots linebacker is unable to come to an agreement, then New England’s search would require much more time given the league’s rules surrounding staffs of playoff teams.
SUNDAY BASEBALL NOTES
Which ballparks should you visit this summer? Here’s the list of the best (and worst) in Major League Baseball
What better time than the dead of winter to rank the current ballparks and provide a few tips for those considering going on a trip in 2025?
ON BASEBALL
Red Sox remain more incomplete than incredible, their lineup having only shrank since last season
It’s still far too early to judge this important offseason, but it’s going to get late fast and Boston clearly needs a righthanded hitter with power.
Around 60 Tatte workers forced to resign amid growing immigration fears
The workers were flagged multiple times beforehand for discrepancies in their government records — a potential sign of issues with their immigration status.
SUNDAY FOOTBALL NOTES
Ranking the six NFL head coaching vacancies (and, yes, the Patriots really are No. 1)
This offseason, the Patriots face many of the problems that they did a year ago, yet now they arguably have the best opening for coaches in the NFL. And most of it has to do with Drake Maye,
FOOD
10 new restaurants to try in the new year
2025 brings exciting additions to the dining scene. Where will you go first?
SUNDAY HOCKEY NOTES
Lane Hutson, fresh from Boston University, aids in Canadiens’ resurgence
The diminutive defenseman has exceeded all pre-arrival hype and emerged as a legit contender for Calder Trophy as NHL's rookie of the year.
MOST READ IN THIS SECTION
PATRIOTS
Source: Patriots in negotiations to sign Mike Vrabel as head coach
SUNDAY BASEBALL NOTES
Which ballparks should you visit this summer? Here’s the list of the best (and worst) in Major League Baseball
SUNDAY FOOTBALL NOTES
Ranking the six NFL head coaching vacancies (and, yes, the Patriots really are No. 1)
CELTICS
Though they are still favorites to repeat as NBA champions, the Celtics are struggling. Here’s why
ON BASEBALL
Red Sox remain more incomplete than incredible, their lineup having only shrank since last season
TARA SULLIVAN
If Robert Kraft doesn’t get this next Patriots coaching hire right, will his legacy sustain permanent damage?
DAN SHAUGHNESSY
The real season — the offseason — is finally here for the Patriots, and other thoughts
ON BASKETBALL
Outworked and unfocused, Celtics have slipped into being just another contender
FOLLOW US
SUBSCRIBE NOW

Digital Access

Home Delivery

Gift Subscriptions

MY ACCOUNT

Log In

Manage My Account

Customer Service

Delivery Issues

Feedback

CONTACT

Help & FAQs

Staff List

Advertise

MORE

Newsletters

View The EPaper

Order Back Issues

News In Education

Search The Archives

Privacy Policy

Terms Of Service

Terms Of Purchase

Contact

Work At Boston Globe Media

Internship Program

Co-Op Program

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

©2025 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC
$1 FOR 6 MONTHS
You've Been Selected For Our Best Offer
Get the news you need, anytime and anywhere.

Games

Weather

App

Newsletters

Get Access for $1

Pay with PayPal or Credit Card
Cancel anytime.

Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 870 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Privacy Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

ACCEPT ALL
Reject
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bostonglobe.com/2023/09/17/sports/orioles-celebrate-postseason-berth-with-walkoff-win-over-rays-who-also-got-before-game-was-decided/ 
 ----- 
