THE LATEST
A Mission for Tanner McKee
PREVIEW – CFB Playoff: Penn State vs. Notre Dame Is the Stuff of Legends
Your SIX Eagles 2024 Pro Bowlers
The Union Finally Find Their Head Coach, Name Bradley Carnell as 4th in Team History
Home  Phillies  Phillies Pitching Staff is the Key to a World Series Championship
PHILLIES
Phillies Pitching Staff is the Key to a World Series Championship
By Mike Hennelly Posted on September 26, 202455 second readComments Off
on Phillies Pitching Staff is the Key to a World Series Championship
 0 204
 Share on Facebook
 Share on Twitter
 Share on Google+
 Share on Reddit
 Share on Linkedin
The Philadelphia Phillies will begin postseason play in less than two weeks.
Three games remain on the team’s regular season against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park.

The Phillies won the National League East division on Monday night in a 6-2 victory over the Chicago Cubs. This was the franchise’s first division title since 2011.

The Phillies have one of the most talented rosters in Major League Baseball but does the offense, or the pitching staff have more of a stake in the postseason?

It wasn’t a walk in the park for the Phillies to get to where they are today. Rob Thomson’s team got off to a historic start in the first half of the season and dominated teams left and right.

A teamwide month-long slump from the All-Star break raised many questions and concerns about the ball club. The Phillies broke out of that slump and are looking to make some noise in the postseason for the third straight year.

Phillies Pitching Staff is the Key to a World Series Championship
PHOTO: Jeff Hanisch/Imagn Images

The Phillies haven’t had a starting rotation as dominant as the 2024 group since the “Four Aces” in 2011. The Phillies are No. 5 in the majors with a 3.75 combined ERA by their starting pitchers. That’s including the implosion of the No. 5 starter role that has plagued the team all season. The rotation is No. 1 in baseball for complete games and shutouts, and they’re tied with the New York Yankees for No. 1 with 64 wins.

The starting rotation hasn’t been the only dominant group on the Phillies’ pitching staff. The bullpen has also had an excellent season.

The Phillies’ bullpen ERA ranks No. 15 in baseball at 3.92. They’ve allowed the eighth lowest amount of hits, runs, and earned runs in their opportunities. They’re also tied for the fifth-fewest walks allowed by any team this season. The starters were able to go deep into games all season, keeping the bullpen fresh and accumulating the fourth-fewest innings pitched among all major league bullpens.

Out of the Phillies’ eight All-Star selections this year, five of them were pitchers. Zack Wheeler, Cristopher Sánchez, and Ranger Suárez represented the team’s starting rotation, while Jeff Hoffman and Matt Strahm represented the bullpen.

The offense needs to play well during the postseason to give the team a chance to win games by scoring runs, but the success of the pitching staff is far more important in making a run toward the World Series.

The postseason is much tougher than the regular season. One to three runs might be all an offense can muster against some of the best pitchers in the league.

Defense wins championships, and in this case, pitching wins championships.

PHOTO: Jeff Hanisch/Imagn Images

Tags
2024 MLB Postseason
Aaron Nola
Cristopher Sanchez
Jeff Hoffman
Matt Strahm
MLB
MLB playoffs
Philadelphia Phillies
Phillies
Playoffs
Ranger Suarez
Zack Wheeler
Top Headlines
How Philly Sports Fans Can Turn Stats Into Betting Gold
A Championship; If You Can Keep It.
2024 – The Year of Our Youth
New Year, New Sixers?
Eagles’ Clock Management Scenario Could Cost Them in the Playoffs
MLB insider believes this 10-year veteran would be ‘perfect fit’ for Philadelphia Phillies

By Sportsnaut

Phillies shockingly the only team kept from pitching to Japanese star FA

By Empire Sports Media

Phillies considering moving franchise superstar to leadoff role in 2025

By Empire Sports Media

Orioles’ may be emerging as favorites to land reigning World Series champion

By Empire Sports Media

MIKE HENNELLY

Mike Hennelly is a 2024 graduate of The Pennsylvania State University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in digital and print journalism and a minor in sports studies.

 
 
RELATED ARTICLES
MORE IN PHILLIES
2024: The Year of Our Youth
1 week ago
How Philly Sports Fans Can Turn Stats Into Betting Gold
1 week ago
Philly Perfection, Even Though He Wasn’t Ours
3 weeks ago
Why the Steagles Were Just the Beginning
4 weeks ago
It’s Time to Bring Army/Navy Back to Philly – Permanently
4 weeks ago
How Can You Bring Philly Sports into Your Wedding Day Without Looking Like a Mascot Parade?
4 weeks ago
ENHANCING YOUR PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES FAN EXPERIENCE
LIVE LOOK

TWITTER

Tweets by PHLPHILNation

FACEBOOK
WELCOME TO WEGENT
Video Player
00:00
00:37
SUPPORT PHLSPORTSNATION
SUBSCRIBE TO PHLSPORTSNATION VIA EMAIL 
Receive a weekly email with the top trending articles on PHILADELPHIA SPORTS NATION
First name
Email
TRENDING POSTS 
How the Eagles Stack Up Against Every Current NFC Playoff Team
A Championship; If You Can Keep It.
2025 NBA Rivals Week: Top 3 Basketball’s Rivalries Worth Watching
PREVIEW - CFB Playoff: Penn State vs. Notre Dame Is the Stuff of Legends
Eagles' Playoff History at Lincoln Financial Field
Extravagant As Ever; the Mummers Are Ours. 
Philly’s Lockdown Cornerback
The Union Finally Find Their Head Coach, Name Bradley Carnell as 4th in Team History
If Union Ownership Doesn't Care, Why Should Fans?
Eagles' Howie Roseman Has Shifted His Draft-Day Approach
RECENT POSTS
A Championship; If You Can Keep It.
Extravagant As Ever; the Mummers Are Ours. 
2025 NBA Rivals Week: Top 3 Basketball’s Rivalries Worth Watching
Philly Gridiron Perfection
Philly’s Lockdown Cornerback
A Mission for Tanner McKee
PREVIEW – CFB Playoff: Penn State vs. Notre Dame Is the Stuff of Legends
Eagles’ Playoff History at Lincoln Financial Field
Your SIX Eagles 2024 Pro Bowlers
The Union Finally Find Their Head Coach, Name Bradley Carnell as 4th in Team History
INSTAGRAM
phlsportsnation
The move that needed to happen • • • #sixers
What are the odds the Sixers actually land Damian
The Pistons, Cavs, and Pacers have all made inquir
Rhys Hoskins appreciation post • • • #
Load More...
  Follow on Instagram
Top Tags NFL Philadelphia 76ers NBA Sixers Breaking Flyers Joel Embiid MLB Phillies Eagles Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Featured
ABOUT US
Philadelphia Sports Nation (PHLSportsNation) | phlsportsnation.com | is a sports media and information website that looks to provide updates on the latest Philadelphia sports happenings across our network of social accounts and online platforms. With the most up-to-the-minute information on all 5 professional Philadelphia teams - Eagles, Flyers, Phillies, 76ers, Union - shared daily and in one location, PHLSportsNation is committed to Enhancing Your Philadelphia Sports Fan Experience. //// PHLSportsNation is a member of Wegryn Enterprises (WegENT) | wegrynenterprises.com | The goal of the WegENT network is to curate the most up-to-the-minute information about a fan’s favorite sports teams in one centralized location. By allowing only the truest of fans to speak their minds about their favorite teams, WegENT is committed to Enhancing Your Sports Fan Experience, straying away from the national narrative you may be normalized to hearing about and letting the fan speak their thoughts and minds.
FOLLOW US
    
PHLSportsNation NetworkWegENT SitesJoin Our Team
BloggerSocial Media Admin
Media CredentialsAdvertiseAbout
Privacy PolicyTerms and Conditions
Contact
© 2014-2022 - PHILADELPHIA SPORTS NATION · All Rights Reserved · Philadelphia Sports Nation · Member of Wegryn Enterprises
    
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://phlsportsnation.com/2024/09/26/phillies-pitching-staff-is-the-key-to-a-world-series-championship/ 
 ----- 
