Skip to content
Subscribe Now
21°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Chicago baseball report: White Sox’s Garrett Crochet and Cubs’ Kyle Hendricks set to make final starts of season this weekend
White Sox starter Garrett Crochet talks with teammates in the dugout on July 12, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
By MEGHAN MONTEMURRO | mmontemurro@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune and LAMOND POPE | lpope@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 27, 2024 at 7:04 AM CST

The Cubs witnessed the type of celebration they haven’t enjoyed since 2020 when the Philadelphia Phillies clinched a division title Monday, part of the Cubs losing their final road series of the season.

They end a disappointing season with three games this weekend against the Cincinnati Reds needing to avoid being swept to finish with a winning record.

The Sox completed a sweep of the Los Angeles Angels on Thursday with a 7-0 victory. It was just their second three-game series sweep this season. In the process, they avoided becoming the team with the most losses in a season during MLB’s modern era. They are tied with the expansion 1962 New York Mets, who went 40-120. The Sox are 39-120 with three games remaining against the Tigers in Detroit.

Every Friday during the regular season, Tribune baseball writers will provide an update on what happened — and what’s ahead — for the Cubs and White Sox. Want more? Sign up for our Cubs Insider and White Sox Insider newsletters.

White Sox starter Garrett Crochet gets a final test Friday

The Sox originally scheduled Garrett Crochet to start Thursday’s series finale against the Angels. They instead gave him an extra day of rest, lining him up for the series opener against the Detroit Tigers on Friday at Comerica Park.

“With Detroit where they’re at, I think it’s going to make for good baseball,” interim manager Grady Sizemore said. “They’re going to be competing for a playoff spot. We want to throw our best guy up against this team that’s fighting for a playoff spot.

“These are our rivals. It’s going to be a big series for them, and we want to do our best to make it good for baseball and make it a competitive series and fight and try to spoil the party.”

It will be the final start of the season for the left-hander, completing his first year making the move from the bullpen to the rotation.

White Sox starting pitcher Garrett Crochet heads to the bullpen to warm up for a game against the Athletics on Sept. 13, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

Crochet is 6-12 with a 3.68 ERA. He has 203 strikeouts, which ranked fifth in the American League entering Thursday. Crochet, who earned All-Star honors this season, was looking forward to Friday.

“At the end of the day, that’s the biggest part, is that it’s a division opponent,” Crochet said Thursday. “We want to beat those guys. I haven’t faced them since opening day. I like to think I’m a different pitcher from then.

“I was rewatching my film from then the other day, and seeing myself throw, even though it was five months ago, I feel when I’m watching the video I look a little bit younger and a little bit less experienced than what I feel right now. I’m excited.”

The Sox have limited Crochet’s innings after the All-Star break to monitor his workload. Asked if Crochet would be pushed beyond his recent limits, which has hovered around four innings, Sizemore joked, “You talk to (general manager) Chris (Getz) about that one.”

“I’ll take it, but I think that they’re not going to extend it, I would imagine,” Sizemore said. “If it were up to me, yeah, sure, I would extend it, let him go 120 pitches.”

RHP Enoli Paredes embracing new opportunity with Cubs
Cubs reliever Enoli Paredes delivers during the ninth inning against the Phillies on Sept. 24, 2024, at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia. Paredes made his Cubs debut in the win. (Tim Nwachukwu/Getty)

Enoli Paredes wasn’t expecting to need to relocate during the final week of the season.

Fortunately, it requires a only short drive from Milwaukee to Chicago to temporarily move his stuff after the Cubs claimed the 28-year-old right-hander off waivers from the Brewers this week. He joined the team in Philadelphia and was added to the active roster Tuesday.

“It got me by surprise, but that’s the business,” Paredes said. “You have to be ready for things you cannot control.”

The Brewers designated Paredes for assignment after he allowed four runs, 13 hits and 10 walks while striking out 14 in 20 2/3 innings (1.74 ERA) this season. He spent most of his time in the majors from late May to late June and had a 1.73 ERA in 23 appearances at Triple A.

Paredes relies on a four-seam fastball, slider and sinker combination, with the first two pitches generating all of his strikeouts. Although he doesn’t possess elite velocity — he averages 93.9 mph on his fastball — the Cubs added another controllable reliever to get a look at during the final games. Paredes struck out two of the three batters he faced in his Cubs debut Tuesday against the Phillies.

When things are going well on the mound, he attributes his confidence level playing an important role in his success.

“Because when you have confidence, all your pitches are going to be working,” Paredes said. “I think that was the most important thing, the confidence to attack the strike zone.”

Number of the week: 39

The Cubs finished their road schedule with a 39-42 record, their most road wins in a season since they won 44 in 2018, which coincides with their last playoff appearance in a non-COVID-shortened season.

Tracking the White Sox’s record-setting losses
A fan holds a sign in the left-field bleachers during the seventh inning of a White Sox-Angels game on Sept. 26, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

Record: 39-120

The Sox matched the record for most losses in the modern era (post-1900) with Sunday’s 4-2 defeat to the San Diego Padres at Petco Park, pulling even with the 1962 Mets, who went 40-120 in their first season.

Weekend ahead: Cubs
Cubs starting pitcher Kyle Hendricks delivers in the first inning against the Nationals on Sept. 21, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
Friday: vs. Reds, 1:20 p.m., Marquee
Saturday: vs. Reds, 1:20 p.m., Marquee
Sunday: vs. Reds, 2:20 p.m., Marquee

For any fans hoping to watch Kyle Hendricks pitch in a Cubs uniform for possibly the last time, the veteran right-hander is lined up to start Saturday at Wrigley Field on the penultimate day of the season. The Cubs announced their probable starters against the Reds with Jameson Taillon taking the ball Friday and Hendricks on Saturday. Sunday’s starter for the finale is listed as TBD. Rookie left-hander Shota Imanaga would be lined up to make his 30th start, but manager Craig Counsell said they haven’t decided what direction they will go Sunday and want to see how the next couple of days play out.

Left-hander Justin Steele in theory could have started Sunday on normal rest, but the book closed on his season with Tuesday’s start against the Phillies. Steele allowed two runs and four hits in four innings. And most importantly, he ends the year healthy, getting in two starts after landing on the injured list in early September with left elbow tendinitis.

“The at-bats and the pitches still matter,” Steele said after the win. “There’s a lot of stuff still on the table and whatnot so it felt good to get out there and compete. I felt really good.”

Steele finishes with a 3.07 ERA and 131 ERA+ in 134 2/3 innings over 24 starts.

“Obviously, the injuries, the time spent on the IL stings a little bit,” Steele said. “The main thing I’ve learned is that I’m capable coming back pretty quickly from them and still going out there and throwing competitive innings even as the season’s winding down. Still going out there competing, showing them healthy. For me, it just proves a lot to myself going into offseason.”

Weekend ahead: White Sox
White Sox center fielder Luis Robert Jr. walks back to the dugout after striking out against the Rangers on Aug. 28, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Friday: at Tigers, 5:40 p.m. (NBCSCH)
Saturday: at Tigers, 12:10 p.m. (NBCSCH)
Sunday: at Tigers, 2:10 p.m. (NBCSCH)

Luis Robert Jr. said there was “no way” to describe the 2024 season.

“You guys have seen the results,” Robert said through an interpreter. “The record is there and that is what it is.”

Robert has had a down year, hitting .227 with 14 home runs and 36 RBIs in 99 games entering Friday. He has 140 strikeouts.

“I’ve been more concerned about swinging at pitches in the strike zone and not chasing, instead of being ready for the pitcher’s mistakes,” Robert said. “That’s why when the pitcher has been making mistakes, I haven’t been able to do damage to those pitches. I’ve been more concerned about not swinging at pitches out of the strike zone.”

Robert’s season was impacted by injury. He was out from April 6-June 4 with a right hip flexor strain. He held himself accountable for the lost season.

“I see myself as one of the faces of this team,” Robert said. “When the faces of this team aren’t producing or struggling, you have a season like this. Again, that’s on us, that’s on me.”

What we’re reading this morning
Column: White Sox defy the odds — and their fans — with a stunning sweep to delay a date with infamy
As the offseason nears, Cubs slugger Cody Bellinger remains undecided on his future with a player option
White Sox fans denied the chance to witness history with blowout win Thursday over the Angels
‘He had a really good year’: Cubs call up prospect Kevin Alcántara for MLB debut against Phillies
White Sox sweep away the record book — for now — holding at 120 losses with a 7-0 win in the home finale
Silver lining for White Sox fans? History, say fans of other losing sports teams: ‘Once you’ve been down so long, what’s a little lower?’
How many more losses do the White Sox need to break the modern-day record?
Another hot 2nd half shows the consistency — and big bat — Seiya Suzuki can provide the Cubs offense
Column: With White Sox fans rooting against them, the players have to do it for themselves
Jed Hoyer knows the Cubs have work to do for perennial playoff appearances: ‘That’s the goal’
Column: White Sox fans ‘don’t deserve’ to endure this historically bad season — but they should be used to it by now
White Sox are not alone in their losing. Disappointment is a common theme throughout Chicago’s sports history.
Column: Comedy or tragedy? How will we remember the Chicago White Sox’s worst season ever?
‘The whole thing is too bad’: 1962 Mets pitcher Jay Hook feels the White Sox’s pain as they near loss record
The magic number is 120, but Chicago White Sox fans will tell you it’s just a number
Quotable

“There certainly were some difficult decisions that we’ve had to make throughout the year, and those decisions, perhaps, did not help the 2024 season and they were more focused on the future of the organization. My hope is that we are not faced with those types of decisions too often in the future.” — Sox GM Chris Getz

Originally Published: September 27, 2024 at 6:00 AM CST
Around the Web
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
North Charleston: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Health Trition
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
9 Years Ago Most Beautiful Twins. Their Appearance Today Will Shock You
novelodge
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car in The World
Stars Are Made
North Charleston: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Early Signs of Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria You Might Not Know About
Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Worried About Inflation? Try This Gold Strategy
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Park Ranger Evacuates the South Carolina Forest When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Brain Surgeon - Do This to Relieve Tinnitus and Hearing Loss
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Healthier Living Tips
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Find Unbelievable Car Deals Near You!
Car Deals Near You
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Judge releases woman who stabbed a classmate to please Slender Man from a psychiatric hospital
CPS CEO Pedro Martinez injunction hearing postponed by judge
Chicago Bears coaching search tracker: Mike Kafka and Pete Carroll are the latest candidates to interview
Lincoln Park 5-bedroom home with heated garage, outdoor spaces: $1.5M
Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M
Brian Matusz, who pitched for the Chicago Cubs in his final MLB appearance, dies at 37
Chicago Blackhawks are 14-25-2 at the midpoint of another lost season. What’s left to play for in the 2nd half?
Chicago Bears coaching search: Who we know are candidates for the job — and why they’d make sense (or not)
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
Board of Ethics said it did not give Mayor Brandon Johnson an opinion about CPS leave
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN MLB
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary and appear headed for arbitration
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
2024
September
27
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/27/chicago-baseball-report-cubs-white-sox-season-over/ 
 ----- 
