Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Philadelphia Phillies Put Together Marks at Home Not Seen in Nearly 50 Years of History
As the Philadelphia Phillies have been excellent in their home ballpark this season.
Brady Farkas | Sep 26, 2024
Philadelphia Phillies shortstop Trea Turner (7) hits a double against the Chicago Cubs in the eighth inning at Citizens Bank Park on Sept 25. / Kyle Ross-Imagn Images
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies

The Philadelphia Phillies beat the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday night at Citizens Bank Park. The 9-6 win moved the Phillies to 94-65 on the season while the loss dropped the Cubs to 81-78.

Chicago has been eliminated from playoff contention while Philadelphia is 0.5 games behind the Los Angeles Dodgers for the top record in the looming National League playoffs.

The Phillies had 13 hits in the win, including home runs from Trea Turner, Nick Castellanos and Kody Clemens. Castellanos had three hits in the win while Turner had two. Brandon Marsh also provided three RBI.

While homefield advantage has proven to not really be an advantage lately in baseball, the Phillies would probably love to secure it considering how historically good they've been at Citizens Bank Park this year.

Per @PhilliesNotes on social media:

The Phillies finished 2024 with a 54-26 record in 80 games at CBP (.675 win %). It ties the single-season CBP record for wins, previously set in 2010. That .675 winning percentage at CBP is the 2nd highest by a Phillies team in their home ballpark since at least 1900 (1977, .741)

The Phillies will wrap up the regular season over the weekend with three games against the lowly Washington Nationals. Philly is off on Thursday.

In order to get homefield advantage, they'll also need the Dodgers to suffer some setbacks in their final four games. They'll play the San Diego Padres on Thursday night before wrapping up the season with the also-lowly Colorado Rockies.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 26, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/philadelphia-phillies-put-together-historic-season-at-citizens-bank-park 
 ----- 
