SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS
KRASSO THE HERO AS AFCON CHAMPIONS IVORY COAST BEAT ZAMBIA, SOUTH AFRICA SALVAGE DRAW
Krasso the hero as AFCON champions Ivory Coast beat Zambia, South Africa salvage draw
AFP,
06.09.2024 22:03
South Africa had to come back to draw 2-2 with Uganda in Pretoria
Phill Magakoe / AFP
Jean-Philippe Krasso (27) was the unlikely star as Ivory Coast began their Africa Cup of Nations title defence with a 2-0 matchday one victory over Zambia in Bouake on Friday.

Omitted from the original squad for the Group G clash, Krasso was called up in place of star Sebastien Haller and came off the bench to score twice in the second half.

Haller, who could not travel to West Africa as he was completing a move from Borussia Dortmund to Leganes, had netted the winner when Ivory Coast edged Nigeria 2-1 last February in the 2024 final.

Morocco, automatic qualifiers as 2025 hosts but playing qualifiers to gain competitive match practice, hammered visiting Gabon 4-1 in Group B with Hakim Ziyech converting two penalties.

Record seven-time AFCON champions Egypt were equally impressive, outplaying Cape Verde 3-0 in Cairo in Group C with Eintracht Frankfurt forward Omar Marmoush among the goals.

Burkina Faso equalised in the 95th minute through Ousseni Bouda to snatch a surprise 1-1 Group L away draw against 2022 champions Senegal, who had taken an early lead through Sadio Mane.

South Africa, third at the 2024 AFCON, salvaged a 2-2 home draw against Uganda in Group K thanks to an added-time goal from debutant Thalente Mbatha.

The substitute pounced on a loose ball just inside the box and fired a low shot past Ismail Watenga and into the net off a post on 95 minutes in Soweto.

Lyle Foster gave South Africa an early lead and they wasted several chances to increase the advantage before half-time.

Uganda rocked the hosts by scoring twice within two minutes early in the second half through Denis Omedi and Rogers Mato.

South Africa goalkeeper Veli Mothwa - deputising for injured captain Ronwen Williams - was at fault for the second goal as he allowed a long-range shot slip through his hands.

"Uganda were more aggressive than us when they lost possession and covered much more ground," admitted South Africa coach Hugo Broos.

"We need to be far sharper when we face South Sudan on Tuesday. That will not be an easy match," warned the 72-year-old Belgian who led Cameroon to the 2017 AFCON title.

Democratic Republic of Congo completed a double over Guinea this year with a superb Edo Kayembe goal on 27 minutes in Kinshasa delivering a 1-0 Group H victory.

The midfielder from English second-tier club Watford intercepted a pass, darted forward and scored from outside the area with a shot over goalkeeper Ibrahima Kone.

Kenya and Zimbabwe, both back in action after being barred from the last AFCON due to government interference, drew 0-0 in Group J in Kampala.

The match was staged in Uganda because Kenya are renovating several Nairobi stadiums to co-host the forthcoming African Nations Championship (CHAN) for home-based footballers.

Former champions Cameroon and Nigeria are among six nations who will play the concluding matchday one fixtures on Saturday. A 24-fixture matchday two schedule kicks off on Sunday.

Follow the AFCON qualifiers here.
MENTIONS
Football
Africa Cup of Nations
African football
Kenya
South Africa
Ivory Coast
Zambia
Uganda
Nigeria
Cameroon
Kenya
Burkina Faso
Cape Verde
Egypt
Gabon
Morocco
Senegal
South Sudan
D.R. Congo
Guinea
Zimbabwe
Jean-Philippe Krasso
Related Articles
When is the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier between Nigeria and Benin Republic and how can I watch?
06.09.2024 07:21
Angola snatch shock late victory over Ghana in 2025 AFCON qualifier
05.09.2024 22:14
Homeless Sudan get AFCON campaign underway with victory against Niger
04.09.2024 20:42
Show more
Football
Amad Diallo determined to 'make history' with struggling Manchester United
5 min ago
Napoli and Antonio Conte keen to end year top of Serie A
43 min ago
Fonseca feeling positive ahead of AC Milan's clash with Roma despite Pulisic injury
1 h ago
Pep Guardiola says Man City's dismal form has made him realise how good they were
2 h ago
Douglas Luiz set to make Juventus return against Fiorentina, confirms Thiago Motta
2 h ago
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
4 h ago
Updated
Premier League Player of the Week: Wolves' Matheus Cunha shines against Man United
4 h ago
Premier League Team of the Week: Joelinton and Gakpo star as Huijsen continues to impress
4 h ago
EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Arsenal star Mohammed on Katsina Academy & partnership with Mbappe’s AS Bondy
5 h ago
Flashscore Awards 2024: Xabi Alonso crowned our Manager of the Year
6 h ago
Most Read
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
Cristiano Ronaldo slams Rodri's 'unfair' Ballon d'Or win ahead of Vinicius Junior
Atalanta's incredible Serie A run in danger as Napoli and Inter look to pounce
Luke Littler battles past Ryan Meikle in 'toughest game ever' at World Championship
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Cagliari - Inter
Napoli - Venezia
Juventus - Fiorentina
AC Milan - AS Roma
Swiatek - Helgo
Swiatek - Muchova
FOOTBALL SCORES
Leicester - Manchester City
West Ham - Liverpool
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Anadolu Efes - Karsiyaka
Olympiacos - Lavrio
Fenerbahce - Merkezefendi
KK Krka Novo mesto - Crvena zvezda
Panathinaikos - AS Karditsas
Real Madrid - Barcelona
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-africa-cup-of-nations-krasso-the-hero-as-afcon-champions-ivory-coast-beat-zambia-south-africa-salvage-draw/hIAWoHf3/ 
 ----- 
