#1  KZN woman killed with her son by lover laid to rest
#2  SABC employee in hot water after allegedly making racist remarks and disrupting flight
#3  Zulu traditional prime minister Thulasizwe Buthelezi knows nothing about axing, will remain in his position
#4  LISTEN | ‘Don’t get pregnant as soon as you can’: Zille on fatherless families
#5  Upping your beauty sleep game
#1  KZN woman killed with her son by lover laid to rest
#2  SABC employee in hot water after allegedly making racist remarks and disrupting flight
#3  Zulu traditional prime minister Thulasizwe Buthelezi knows nothing about axing, will remain in his position
#4  LISTEN | ‘Don’t get pregnant as soon as you can’: Zille on fatherless families
#5  Upping your beauty sleep game
SOCCER
Broos happy Bafana ‘have some big guys now’, to face physical Cranes
05 September 2024 - 17:32
Sazi Hadebe
Sports reporter
 
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Oswin Appollis and Thapelo Morena during Bafana Bafana's training session at Orlando Stadium on Thursday.
Image: Sydney Mahlangu/BackpagePix

Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos is confident of his team opening with a victory in their 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) qualifier against Uganda at Orlando Stadium on Friday, stressing the result should set the tone for the rest of group campaign.

Bafana are in Group K with South Sudan, who they meet away in Juba on Tuesday, and Congo, who they take on home and away next month.

Bafana are the highest-ranked team (57th in the world, 10th in Africa) in the group and the only side that qualified for the last Afcon. Uganda, ranked 94th, will be desperate to qualify for Morocco after missing out confirming their place in Ivory Coast in their last match. Congo are ranked 118th and South Sudan 169th.

Broos warned against taking the Cranes lightly on Friday, saying they are a team likely to gain confidence and take their chances if they see their opponents’ complacency. “We have to keep ourselves on a certain line,” the experienced Belgian said of the need for this year’s Afcon bronze medallists in Ivory Coast to keep grounded and continue grinding strong results, to keep their momentum and development.

“It's a team that plays with dedication. They're runners. In all the games I've seen, it's a difficult team to play against. They want to play and they want to be tough,” Broos, who has declared respect for Paul Put, Uganda’s coach who’s his countryman.

“On the other side, I saw where we have to manage them in defence, but certainly also when we have the ball. If we can do that, we can win the game. Because, as I said, if we can play good football. like we've played in recent games. and win, [then] OK, I'm happy. But I will be [more] happy to show the right mentality — if we don't have the right mentality tomorrow, it will be very difficult.”

Broos said he was pleased with the physicality, size and height of some of his players,  uncharacteristic for Bafana, something he said was critical against teams like Uganda, who usually have taller and tougher players.

“When I started coaching Bafana, we had some problems in some games because we didn’t have the height in our team; we didn’t have the power. We looked for it, and we found it. Grant [Johnson], our goalkeeper coach, was saying the other day: ‘Hey, we have a big team now’. It’s true we have some big guys, and you need that.

“It’s not enough that you can play football when you don’t have the physical qualities. We have guys like [Sphephelo] Sithole, [Rushwin] Dortley and [Siyabonga] Ngezana. We’re there, where we need to be, and we need them tomorrow in that game against Uganda because they have several guys with that height.”

Broos counts on Bafana’s surging mentality as he starts 2025 Afcon with challenges
South Africa kick off their Group K campaign with a notable clash on Friday night at Orlando Stadium against Uganda
SPORT3 months ago

The Bafana coach has a big decision to make with the goalkeeper. With captain Ronwen Williams injured, AmaZulu’s Veli Mothwa, Ricardo Goss of SuperSport United and Sipho Chaine of Orlando Pirates will fight for the place between the posts.

“Yes,” Broos said when asked if he’s decided on who he would choose. “You're coming to the game tomorrow? You’ll see. The only thing I can do is give them confidence. I believe in those guys who are there, whoever it will be I will be confident in him.

“I know it’s not easy to replace a guy like Ronwen, but OK, Ronwen is not here and we know all the good things he’s done for this team. We have to put our confidence in the goalkeeper who will play. I’m not afraid of that.”

Uganda, who last qualified for the Afcon in 2019, have only made seven appearances at the finals. Their best run was in the eight-team tournament in Ghana in 1978, where they finished second behind the hosts.

Bafana v Uganda — head to head

2021-06-11: (Friendly) — SA 3 Uganda 2

2019-06-04: (Friendly) — Uganda 1 SA 1

2005-03-26: (WC qualifier) — SA 2 Uganda 1

2004-10-10: (WC qualifier) — Uganda 0 SA 1 

READ MORE
ARENA SPORTS SHOW | Siphesihle Ndlovu confident Bafana will get good results
In the 35th episode of the Arena Sports Show, presenter Clauiee Grace Mpanza and regular guest Mahlatse Mphahlele are joined by SuperSport United ...
SPORT3 months ago
Ronwen Williams makes history, nominated for Ballon d’Or Yashin Trophy
Bafana Bafana and Mamelodi Sundowns star Ronwen Williams has become the first goalkeeper to be nominated for Fifa's Ballon d'Or Yashin Trophy while ...
SPORT3 months ago
‘I thought he was joking’: Ronwen Williams on call about Yashin Trophy nomination
Bafana Bafana and Mamelodi Sundowns captain Ronwen Williams says he “went numb” and was speechless and shocked to find out he had been nominated ...
SPORT3 months ago
Broos suggests Pirates and Stellies’ form players will get nod for Bafana
Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos says he will assess his three goalkeepers on who to field in Friday's 2025 Africa Cup of Nations opening group stage ...
SPORT3 months ago
‘For the moment I don’t change’: why Broos still overlooks Pirates’ Mabasa
Hugo Broos is happy with the centre-forwards he has been calling to his Bafana Bafana squad so still has no room for Orlando Pirates striker ...
SPORT3 months ago
Themba Zwane to captain Bafana in Afcon games, Broos announces at team dinner
Mamelodi Sundowns' veteran midfield maestro Themba Zwane will captain the team in their 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers against Uganda and ...
SPORT3 months ago
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Next Article
by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
Learn More
WATCH | Three suspects accused of stabbing Orkney resort owner to appear in court
Three suspects are expected to...
20% Off Roadie® 24 Hard Cooler
Snag one now while supplies last.
YETI Coolers
Shop Now
Suspect, 28, arrested for stat utory rape after 13-year-old gives birth on Christmas Day
The arrest was in response to a...
The All-New Buick Envision Has Arrived & It's Turning Heads (Take A Look)
PopularSearches | Search Ads
Melanie and Zwai Bala share the secret to their successful co-parenting
"Zwai and I always, always put o...
MOST READ
‘I’ll be 36 years old’: Dane Paterson when asked about Championship final
CRICKET
Ali Bacher concerned by dominance of cricket ‘big three’ India, England and ...
CRICKET
Proteas batter Markram says there is still a lot of work to do against Pakistan
CRICKET
Pirates coach Jose Riveiro braced for busy time in coming months
SOCCER
India fight back after Australian wonder boy Sam Konstas thrills MCG
CRICKET
LATEST VIDEOS
Ali Bacher concerned by the dominance of cricket 'big three' in India, England ...
LIVE Han Duck-Soo Faces impeachment | Han Duck-Soo Acting President Impeachment ...
READ MORE
About us
Contact us
Advertise
Subscribe
Mobile site
FAQs
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
OUR NETWORK
SowetanLIVE
BusinessLIVE
Business Day
Financial Mail
HeraldLIVE
DispatchLIVE
Wanted Online
SA Home Owner
Business Media MAGS
Arena Events
Careers and Tenders
© 2024 Arena Holdings (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timeslive.co.za/sport/soccer/2024-09-05-broos-happy-bafana-have-some-big-guys-now-as-they-face-physical-cranes/ 
 ----- 
