Business Live
Business Live
	
	
	
	
 SPORT / SOCCER
Broos happy Bafana ‘have some big guys now’, to face physical Cranes
The coach is confident his team will start their Afcon campaign with victory over Uganda at Orlando Stadium on Friday
05 SEPTEMBER 2024 - 18:40
by SAZI HADEBE
Support our award-winning journalism.
The Premium package (digital only) is R30 for the first month and thereafter you pay R129 p/m now ad-free for all subscribers.
Subscribe now
Oswin Appollis and Thapelo Morena during Bafana Bafana's training session at Orlando Stadium on Thursday. Picture: BACKPAGEPIX/SYDNEY MAHLANGU

Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos is confident his team will start their 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) campaign with victory over Uganda at Orlando Stadium on Friday.

South Sudan, whom Bafana meet away in Juba on Tuesday and Democratic Republic of the Congo, whom the South Africans play home and away in October, complete Group K.

Broos warned against taking the Cranes lightly, saying they were a team likely to gain confidence and take their chances if they see complacency in their opponents.

“We have to keep ourselves on a certain line,” the experienced Belgian said of the need for this year’s Afcon bronze medallists in Ivory Coast to keep grounded and continue grinding out positive results. 

Bafana are the highest-ranked (57th in the world, 10th in Africa) team in the group and the only side that qualified for the most recent Afcon. Uganda, ranked 94th, will be desperate to qualify for Morocco after missing out on 2024 in Ivory Coast.

DRC are ranked 118th and South Sudan 169th.

“It’s a team that plays with dedication. They’re runners. In all the games I’ve seen, it’s a difficult team to play against. They want to play and they want to be tough,” said Broos, who has declared respect for Uganda’s coach, fellow Belgian Paul Put.

“On the other side, I saw things where we have to manage them in defence, but certainly also when we have the ball. If we can do that we can win the game.

“Because … if we can play good football like we’ve played in recent games and win, [then] I’m happy. But I will be [more] happy to show the right mentality. If we don’t have the right mentality tomorrow, it will be very difficult.”

One of the aspects Broos is pleased with in his team is the uncharacteristic physicality, size and height of some of his players, something he said was critical against teams such as Uganda who usually have tall, tough players.

“When I started coaching Bafana we had some problems in some games because we didn’t have the height in our team, we didn’t have the power. We looked for it and we found it.

“Grant [Johnson], our goalkeeper coach, was saying the other day, ‘Hey we have a big team now’. 

“It’s true we have some big guys there and you need that. It’s not enough that you can play football when you don’t have the physical qualities.

“We have guys like [Sphephelo] Sithole, [Rushwin] Dortley and [Siyabonga] Ngezana. We’re there where we need to be and we need them tomorrow in that game against Uganda because they have several guys with that height.”

The Bafana coach has a big decision to make at goalkeeper. With captain Ronwen Williams injured, AmaZulu’s Veli Mothwa, Ricardo Goss of SuperSport United and Sipho Chaine of Orlando Pirates will fight for the place between the posts.

Broos would not be drawn into saying who he has chosen.

DUTCH CONSIDER SCRAPPING OFFSIDE RULE TO QUELL VIOLENCE
KNVB said abolishing offsides at the lower levels of the game could lead to an end to the threats and violence that is on the increase in amateur ...
SPORT3 months ago
RONWEN WILLIAMS MAKES HISTORY, NOMINATED FOR BALLON D’OR YASHIN TROPHY
Williams was the only African in the 10 nominees for Fifa's goalkeeper of the year award
SPORT3 months ago
LIBYA HELD TO DRAW BY RWANDA IN AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS QUALIFIER
National teams of Libya and Rwanda draw 1-1 in Afcon 2025 group match
SPORT3 months ago
Next Article
Support our award-winning journalism.
The Premium package (digital only) is R30 for the first month and thereafter you pay R129 p/m now ad-free for all subscribers.
Subscribe now

Would you like to comment on this article?
Sign up (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

SIGN UP
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

Subscribe now for an ad-free experience.
Support independent journalism.
Subscribe now
MOST READ
1.
David Miller makes strong case for staying in ...
SPORT / CRICKET
2.
FREE TO READ | South Africans love a lesser-known ...
SPORT
3.
Sinner crowns outstanding season with ATP Finals ...
SPORT / OTHER SPORT
4.
Rookie Johnston bags Australian Open as Shin ...
SPORT / OTHER SPORT
5.
Boks set for All Blacks’ garden of Eden
SPORT / RUGBY
Related Articles
Broos explains why Pirates’ Mabasa has been overlooked
 SPORT / SOCCER
Broos suggests Pirates and Stellies’ players will get nod for Bafana
 SPORT / SOCCER
Basadien plays down interest from Chiefs
 SPORT / SOCCER

Published by Arena Holdings and distributed with the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of every month except December and January.

Politics
National
Education
Health
Labour
Media
Science & Environment
World
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Middle East
Sport
Cricket
Other Sport
Rugby
Soccer
Companies
Energy
Financial Services
Healthcare
Industrials
Innovation
Land & Agriculture
Management
Mining
Property
Retail & Consumer
Telecoms & Technology
Trade & Industry
Transport & Tourism
Markets Data
Markets
Markets Data
Business
Legal Notices
Economy
Opinion
Columnists
Editorials
Letters
Read More
About us
Contact us
Subscribe
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Search
Careers and Tenders

© 2024 Arena Holdings. All rights reserved.

Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

© BusinessLIVE MMXXIV  

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.businesslive.co.za/bd/sport/soccer/2024-09-05-broos-happy-bafana-have-some-big-guys-now-to-face-physical-cranes/ 
 ----- 
