SPORT
AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS
‘Annoyed’ Bafana boss Hugo Broos confident his side can start Afcon qualifiers perfectly
 Percy Tau during Bafana Bafana’s 2026 World Cup qualifier against Nigeria at Godswill Akpabio Stadium in Uyo, Nigeria, on 7 June 2024 (Photo: Victor Ihechi / Gallo Images)
By Yanga Sibembe
 Follow
05 Sep 2024  0
Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos is concerned about the match fitness of his players before two Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers. Nevertheless, he is targeting six points.
Listen to this article
6 min

As Bafana Bafana begin their qualification campaign for the next edition of the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) – following their bronze-winning performance at the 2023 edition – head coach Hugo Broos is hoping they can sprint out of the blocks faster than a cheetah.

South Africa is in Group K, alongside Congo-Brazzaville, South Sudan and Uganda, as they plot a path to Morocco for the 2025 Afcon. The showpiece is scheduled to begin on 21 December 2025, with the final on 18 January 2026.

Bafana Bafana begin their qualification with a home clash against Uganda at Orlando Stadium in Soweto on Friday, 6 September. Broos and his troops will then head to Juba, South Sudan, for their second qualifier. The coach is aiming for a full complement of points at the culmination of this international round.       

“It’s very important to have a good start when you’re playing qualifiers. When you have a good start, you put pressure on your opponents. When you don’t, it’s the opposite. And we have to try and avoid that,” Broos told journalists.

“A good start for me will be six out of six points… So, let’s try to win those two games. We have the quality for that. We have the confidence for that. But that does not mean we must underestimate our opponents,” the Belgian continued.

Percy Tau and coach Hugo Broos at Godswill Akpabio Stadium in Uyo, Nigeria, on 6 June 2024. (Photo: Oty Silas / Gallo Images)

Match fitness annoyance

The timing of this international window means most players head into the tone-setting fixtures having played one or two games, while a couple of locally based players in the Bafana Bafana side are yet to feature in any competitive action so far, with the South African Premiership only commencing on 14 September.

Hence, in choosing his squad, Broos leaned mostly towards players from teams such as Mamelodi Sundowns, Orlando Pirates, Cape Town City, SuperSport United and Polokwane City, from the locally based cohort.

These are teams who have tasted some competitive action via their participation in the MTN8 – which is contested as a curtain-raiser for the new season, by teams that finish in the top half of the Premiership. Nevertheless, Broos is far from pleased.  

“That means we have players that have not played so many good games,” he stated.

“I know that the clubs who are not playing in the MTN8, or playing preliminary games in the Caf Champions League or Confederation Cup are playing friendly games with each other. But it’s not the same [as a competitive match]. The qualifiers will be totally different to that,” the 72-year-old said.

“It annoys me a little bit and I’ll have to see how we can manage that. The most important thing is that we have the right mentality. If we can show the right mentality, we will not suffer so much from the lack of games.”

New captain

In the absence of regular skipper and superstar goalkeeper Ronwen Williams, veteran playmaker Themba Zwane will captain South Africa in the crucial qualification matches.

Williams is still trying to shake off a shoulder injury, but will receive a positive boost from the fact that he recently made history after being announced as one of the nominees for the Ballon D’or Yashin Award.

The prize is handed to the best goalkeeper over the past year and Williams is nominated alongside the likes of Spaniard Unai Simon, Gianluigi Donnarumma (Paris Saint Germain), Emiliano Martinez of Aston Villa and Argentina, plus Andriy Lunin (Real Madrid), among others.

Williams is the first African-based shot stopper to be nominated for the prestigious award. As such, it is a guarantee that Bafana Bafana will miss his immense quality as a goalkeeper, as well as a leader. Win or lose.    

Ricardo Goss (SuperSport United), Veli Mothwa (AmaZulu) and Sipho Chaine (Orlando Pirates) will fight for the goalkeeper’s jersey for the clashes against Uganda and South Sudan.

Ronwen Williams in action during South Africa’s 2026 World Cup qualifier against Zimbabwe at Free State Stadium in Bloemfontein on 11 June 2024. (Photo: Johan Pretorius / Gallo Images)

The lion weeps

A big-name player who was completely omitted by Broos (despite being physically fit) is Egypt-based forward Percy Tau. The Al Ahly attacker has had a tough few months.  

He was out for a month with a hamstring injury between June and July. Since his return he has hardly featured for the Red Devils, managing a paltry 47 minutes of action in the team’s final 10 matches of the Egyptian Premier League.

“The player knows why he is not with us. I told him and he does not agree. That’s another thing and it is a good thing, because that means he wants to play for Bafana Bafana. He has to understand because I know the criticism that he gets after a Bafana game. Don’t tell me it does not affect him,” Broos said.

Read more: Coach Hugo Broos is rebuilding the Bafana Bafana squad’s fighting spirit

“For those important and intensive games Percy will not be mentally ready – he knows that. I don’t have a problem that a player is not agreeing with what I am telling him. That is a very good mentality, showing that ‘I want to be with Bafana’. He will be with Bafana when things are clear.

“His situation at Al Ahly is not clear. He did not play [much], it means there is a problem with the coach and the club. I know it, and it is not because I read it in the papers.”

The Tau-less Bafana Bafana host Uganda at 6pm at Orlando Stadium tomorrow (Friday). Their clash against South Sudan is on Tuesday, 10 September. Kick-off is at 3pm in Juba. DM

 
Daily Maverick needs your support

We're not asking you to pay for every article you read. We're asking you to support us so that we can keep doing what South Africa needs us to do. Without the support of our readers, we won't be able to keep going.

If you really can't afford the price of an extra cup of coffee a week, then know this: we will never force you to pay. We've got your back and one day, you'll have ours.

Support Daily Maverick→

Africa Cup of NationsBafana BafanaFootballHugo BroosPercy TauRonwen Williamssoccersport
Comments - Please login in order to comment.

No Comments, yet

ADVERTISEMENT
Don't want to see this? Remove ads
 
Stay off Biscuit's naughty list this festive season.

This is Biscuit, the Daily Maverick dog. She is here, in all her glory, to ask you to become a Maverick Insider this festive season.

If you appreciate the impact Daily Maverick has on South Africa, support us for only R2.76 a day (R75 a month).

Gift Biscuit a treat, support our work.

JOIN MAVERICK INSIDER 

Already an Insider?
Click here to login

TOP READS THIS HOUR
MAVERICK NEWS
Tavern owner arrested for allegedly attempting to bribe police
OP-EDS
How scammers exploited South Africa's Social Relief of Distress grant system
DM168
Artist of the Year: Tyla, the chart-topping queen of popiano hits
MAVERICK NEWS
Nasa spacecraft ‘safe’ after reaching Sun's outer atmostphere in closest ever pass
MAVERICK NEWS
Marion, a sub-Antarctic island, turns green — but at a cost
TOP READS IN SECTION
PEOPLE OF THE YEAR
Moegoe of the Year: Toilet preaching Ponzi schemer talks real kak
OP-EDS
How scammers exploited South Africa's Social Relief of Distress grant system
SOUTH AFRICA
More than ‘big water’ — the great comfort and joy of Gariep Dam
BUSINESS MAVERICK
New amendments to two-pot system aim to resolve anomalies in retirement fund seeding
SOUTH AFRICA
Medusa — a harrowing dive into South Africa’s crime underbelly
SPONSORED CONTENT
SPONSORED CONTENT
Standard Bank pioneers real-time payment requests for businesses with launch of PayShap Request for corporates
SPONSORED CONTENT
Popular investment migration programs for South Africans looking to relocate
SPONSORED CONTENT
Reflecting on 2024: taking the fork in the road
SPONSORED CONTENT
Oasis Water introduces South Africa’s first fully recyclable 10L PET refill dispenser bottle
SPONSORED CONTENT
How Christmas decorations are changing lives and saving the future
Investigations
News & Analysis
Features
Newsletters
Community
DM168

Daily Maverick © All rights reserved

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2024-09-05-annoyed-bafana-boss-broos-eyes-perfect-afcon-qualifiers-start/ 
 ----- 
