Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Liverpool
Liverpool Transfers: First Reds Signing 'done', As Hughes Provides Slot With World Class Star
Liverpool

Premier League • England

Official Club Website
www.liverpoolfc.com
Overview
News
Fixtures
Results
Squad
Stats
First Liverpool signing ‘done’, as Hughes provides Slot with world class star
Richie Mills
22 Aug 2024 11:59 AM

TEAMtalk can reveal a Liverpool move for Valencia goalkeeper Giorgi Mamardashvili is done, while how much the deal will cost and the club’s immediate plans in that position have been clarified.

Liverpool have endured a frustrating transfer window to date, with no arrivals through the door and plenty of players leaving the club.

'Are you serious?' | Neville and...
Merson: Arsenal need to break the bank...
Carra: Salah on course for Ballon d'Or...
What is your team's manager looking for...
'Are Man Utd still in your top four,...
Robins: I'm forever grateful for...
Lopetegui: West Ham are working to...
Gary Neville Podcast: I was excited by...
'He almost got cheered off' | Neville...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
'Contentious!' | EFL pundits pick their...
Moyes: Upbringing played huge part in...
<
>

Long-serving defender Joel Matip was released at the end of his contract, while midfielder Thiago Alcantara retired shortly after becoming a free agent.

Attacking midfielder Fabio Carvalho joined Brentford earlier this month, while midfielder Bobby Clark has joined Red Bull Salzburg and centre-back Sepp van den Berg seems on the cusp of linking up with Thomas Frank’s men – although Bayer Leverkusen are said to be trying to hijack that move.

Moreover, the Reds failed to sign Real Sociedad star Martin Zubimendi, just when it looked like they would sign the Spain international for just over £50m.

DON’T MISS: Liverpool line up move for £35m-rated Bundesliga star as Richard Hughes plans for double exit

And other efforts to strengthen their squad have come to nothing. With just over a week until the summer transfer window shuts, not only Liverpool fans are concerned by the club’s lack of business.

Ad

Indeed, captain Virgil van Dijk is one such person.

Earlier this month, he said: “Obviously I think we should make some signings based on how long the season will go.

“But I think they are working behind the scenes and I am fully convinced and trust the club that they will do the right thing for us and get the best possible squad in order to compete in every competition that we are in.

“That is the main thing I am focusing on, having the trust and we will see what happens. I think they are working very hard behind the scenes, we will see how that pans out.”

New manager Slot took a more positive approach, saying that a lack of signings is not a sign of weakness for the Reds – rather it highlights the strength of the current squad.

READ MORE: Arsenal submit spectacular £43m-plus-player bid to heap more misery on Liverpool

Ad

Jurgen Klopp’s successor at Anfield said last week: “If you don’t strengthen, you become weaker? I don’t understand that. It’s not always true that if you bring in new players a team becomes stronger.

“Jurgen left the team in a good place. I said many times our squad is really strong and it’s not easy to find players who can strengthen us.”

First signing edges closer

Now, TEAMtalk can reveal Valencia stopper Mamardashvili is set to sign for the Reds in sporting director Richard Hughes’ first transfer arrival of the summer.

Our sources understand the Georgia international will spend this season on loan at the La Liga side before heading to Anfield in 2025.

Moreover, Fabrizio Romano claims the 6ft 6in keeper, who starred for his country in their run to the last 16 of Euro 2024, will sign for around £30m.

But the fact that he won’t play for Liverpool until next season at the earliest is unlikely to please may naysayers – who desperately want new additions for the here and now.

Moreover, first-choice keeper Alisson is just 31 and has three years left on his deal at Anfield. The Brazil international will have no desire to relinquish his spot between the sticks, meaning a fierce battle could commence for that number one jersey next year.

What position should Liverpool prioritise for summer signings?
Centre-back
Defensive midfielder
Winger
Centre-forward

Liverpool
Valencia
Giorgi Mamardashvili
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Ben Jacobs
27 Dec 2024
Liverpool star ready to leave Anfield amid concrete Newcastle interest

Alisson remains Arne Slot's undisputed no. 1 between the sticks and the arrival of Giorgi Mamardashvili at Liverpool next season will further complicate the Newcastle target's situation

Liverpool
Giorgi Mamardashvili
Steve Pearson
23 Dec 2024
Liverpool told agreed signing that forces blameless star out is ‘a mistake’

A Liverpool great has claimed a player the Reds have signed is WORSE than the man he'll force out of Anfield

Liverpool
Giorgi Mamardashvili
Rob McCarthy
17 Oct 2024
Bullish Giorgi Mamardashvili fires ominous warning to Alisson over Liverpool No.1 spot

The highly-rated Georgian stopper was one of just two signings made by the Reds over the summer but will not officially move to Merseyside until 2025

Liverpool
Alisson Becker
Steve Pearson
08 Oct 2024
‘Peculiar’ Liverpool transfer now looking like a masterstroke, as brutal reality dawns for superstar Reds may sell

The wisdom behind the 'peculiar' move Liverpool made for goalkeeper Giorgi Mamardashvili is already on show after a report highlighted the brutal truth regarding the man he'll replace - Alisson Becker

Liverpool
Alisson Becker
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
20 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Conte eyes £30m Chelsea man as Blues lay out January transfer terms
4 hours ago
Chelsea
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
21 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Pundits
Paul Merson claims Arsenal could sign elite Premier League star in blockbuster January deal
7 hours ago
1
Arsenal
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Ruben Amorim has lost ‘trust’ of Man Utd man as pundit explains why ‘respect’ will never return
01 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/liverpool/first-liverpool-signing-done-hughes-provides-slot-world-class-star 
 ----- 
