Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
Manchester United
Man Utd Latest: Ratcliffe Immediately Told To Sign Elite Zirkzee Replacement; Target Given Deadline For Rival Move
Manchester United

Premier League • England

Official Club Website
www.manutd.com
Overview
News
Fixtures
Results
Squad
Stats
Man Utd immediately told to sign elite Zirkzee replacement, as target given deadline for rival move
James Holland
22 Aug 2024 10:38 PM

Joshua Zirkzee could be replaced at Man Utd by one top striker

Manchester United have been urged to capture a 169-goal centre-forward this summer amid concerns over new arrival Joshua Zirkzee.

Dutch striker Zirkzee was heavily linked with Arsenal and AC Milan earlier this year, but Man Utd ended up winning the race for him. The Red Devils agreed a €42.5million (£36m) package with Bologna, which allowed Zirkzee to pen a five-year contract – that includes the option of a further 12 months – at Old Trafford.

'He almost got cheered off' | Neville...
'Are Man Utd still in your top four,...
Why did Man Utd fan Littler do a Drogba...
Gary Neville Podcast: I was excited by...
Amorim: Relegation battle is...
What is your team's manager looking for...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
'Are you serious?' | Neville and...
Silva admits Man City can't win the...
Lopetegui: West Ham are working to...
'Certainly not looking to help other...
Merson: Arsenal need to break the bank...
<
>

The 23-year-old’s Man Utd spell got off to a memorable start, as he came off the bench to score a late winner during the Premier League opener against Fulham last week.

Zirkzee has described himself as a combination of a No 9 and No 10, someone who can score goals but also link up play brilliantly with those around him.

DON’T MISS: Seven amazing Man Utd teenagers who could save Ratcliffe millions in the transfer market

Zirkzee netted 12 goals in 37 games for Bologna last season, which is clearly not a blistering record, but the attacker makes up for this by helping those around him shine.

However, some Man Utd fans and pundits feel Sir Jim Ratcliffe needs to bring in a truly devastating goalscorer who can fire Erik ten Hag’s side into title contention, with both Zirkzee and Rasmus Hojlund still developing.

Ad

Former Liverpool and Fulham star Danny Murphy has questioned Zirkzee’s credentials as a top striker and urged Man Utd to win the race for Brentford hitman Ivan Toney – who has scored 169 club career goals – via a late summer swoop.

“Joshua Zirkzee has made a dream start at Manchester United and looks a wonderful talent. But sorry to disappoint United fans, he is not going to be the answer to their goalscoring problems,” Murphy said.

Man Utd latest: Zirkzee not the solution to Ten Hag issues

“The Dutchman is strong and skilful, but not a proper centre-forward. He likes to come to the ball and is more comfortable as a No 10 or wide. His scoring record at Bologna was a goal every four games — not great.

“Unless United go for a genuine No 9 like Ivan Toney in the last couple of weeks of the transfer window, I think you can discount their top four prospects. Rasmus Hojlund is not ready either to be that 20-goals-a-season Man Utd need in the Premier League.”

The pundit continued: “Though Zirkzee came off the bench and grabbed a late winner, buying a No 9 with real character and self-belief has to be a priority.

Ad

“We know Toney has the swagger and Premier League experience and if Brentford are willing to let him go for £50m, it would be a no-brainer in my view for Ten Hag to get him.”

Sources have confirmed to TEAMtalk that Chelsea remain interested in Toney, though a switch to the Saudi Pro League looks most likely at this stage.

Wealthy Saudi club Al-Ahli are ready to pay £50m for Toney and have also drawn up a lucrative three-year contract for him.

As per journalist Ben Jacobs, Al-Ahli are growing frustrated at waiting for the 28-year-old to make a final decision on his future. They have told the player’s camp that he must communicate his decision by Monday, otherwise they will accelerate their hunt for a different striker.

Murphy has become the latest pundit to urge Man Utd to enter negotiations with Brentford and prevent the England star from heading to the Middle East.

READ MORE: Surprise Man Utd signing gets ‘here we go’ confirmation, as big second deal edges closer

Question 1
In what month was Ten Hag announced as Man Utd manager?
use 
hint
April 2022
May 2022
June 2022
July 2022

Manchester United
Ivan Toney
Joshua Zirkzee
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Ciaran McCarthy
01 Jan 2025
Ruben Amorim has lost ‘trust’ of Man Utd man as pundit explains why ‘respect’ will never return

"He'll be able to look at him and say, 'Good morning manager,' but he will not have respect for him deep down."

Manchester United
Joshua Zirkzee
Rudy Galetti
31 Dec 2024
Tearful Zirkzee in abrupt U-turn on Man Utd future after Newcastle debacle as surprise suitor opens door to loan

We can reveal the tearful player has instructed his agent to secure him a January move away in the wake of his early substitution against Newcastle, with three destinations possible and with his 'mental serenity' at stake

Manchester United
Joshua Zirkzee
James Holland
28 Dec 2024
Euro giant snubs Rashford signing in favour of Man Utd team-mate in ‘incredible’ twist

Marcus Rashford looks set for a tough period trying to exit Man Utd as a European giant would rather sign one of his team-mates, as per a report

Manchester United
Marcus Rashford
Rob McCarthy
17 Dec 2024
Man Utd to ditch attacking duo and make blockbuster striker move in massive January statement

It could be a case of two forwards out and one in for Man Utd in the January transfer window as Ruben Amorim looks to snap up one of Europe's elite No.9s in the new year

Manchester United
Marcus Rashford
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
20 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
21 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Barcelona weigh up blockbuster Chelsea raid as plan B if Dani Olmo registration fails
01 Jan 2025
Chelsea
Pundits
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Ruben Amorim has lost ‘trust’ of Man Utd man as pundit explains why ‘respect’ will never return
01 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Carragher declares Liverpool, Alexander-Arnold contract outcome after revealing what Real Madrid approach REALLY means
01 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/manchester-united/immediately-told-sign-elite-zirkzee-replacement-target-given-deadline-rival-move 
 ----- 
