SEARCH
PODCASTS
Cyprus start Cricket World Cup campaign with defeat to Spain
The T20 World Cup trophy
Cricket
Thursday 22 August 2024 | 18:36
0 Comments
By Staff Reporter
Share:

By Richard Boxall

Cyprus cricketers put up a good fight in their opening T20 world cup qualifying match against Spain in Guernsey, before going down to a 15-run defeat to their highly-ranked opponents.

From the start of the match the Cyprus team, who fielded first, were on their mettle, fielding tigerishly and constantly encouraging each other. Buddika Mahesh got them off to a perfect start with a wicket on the first ball of the match, and after Vimal Khanduri took two wickets in his first over, they had Spain reeling at 33-4 in the 9th over.

However, the innings was stabilised by a century partnership in 10 overs by two batsmen who first consolidated and then gradually increased the tempo, running superbly between the wickets and later hitting a flurry of boundaries, as the Cyprus out-cricket lost its early sparkle.

Arjun Shahi had the best bowling figures (3-25 from his 4 overs) and Taranjit Singh took two good catches in the deep, but Spain’s final score of 152-6 was considerably more than looked likely in mid-innings, and presented a difficult challenge for Cyprus.

In reply Cyprus got off to a good start with a 49-run partnership for the first wicket in 7 overs. Roman Mazumder led the way with an aggressive 41, and Jimi Chialoufas, who appeared to have taken the lady commentator’s fancy, held the middle order together with 37.

The Spain attack included three spin bowlers who made runscoring difficult, and with wickets falling regularly Cyprus struggled to maintain the required scoring rate. With 21 runs needed from the last 8 balls – a difficult but not impossible task – Chialoufas holed out on the boundary edge, and the Cyprus innings ended on 137-9 from their 20 overs.

The result was a disappointment, but the team performed well in many respects against a strong opponent and can look forward with hope towards the remaining games, against Greece on Saturday, Czechia on Sunday, and Denmark on Tuesday, followed by a play-off match against a team from the other half of the tournament.

Follow Cyprus Mail on Google News
Share:
Staff Reporter
In case you missed it
Monday 30 December 2024 | 13:54
How Cyprus celebrated Carter’s victory in 1976
By Tom Cleaver
Thursday 02 January | 09:30
What does Cyprus hope for?
By Alix Norman
Sunday 29 December 2024 | 14:59
2024 IN REVIEW
Doomed from the start: the Amalthea aid corridor
By Tom Cleaver
Sunday 29 December 2024 | 12:51
2024 IN REVIEW
Buffer zone migrants: months of stress and despondency
By Theo Panayides
Under the EU's GDPR regulations you will not be able to read or make comments under articles unless you accept CM cookies because the commenting platform, Disqus, will be automatically disabled. This is because Disqus is a third party platform that uses cookies and/or trackers.

Click here to change your cookie preferences
Menu
Banking & Finance
Cyprus
Divided Island
Entertainment
Life & Style
Sport
Tech & Science
World
Newsfeed
Useful Information
Pharmacies
Airport Information
Cyprus Mail
Daily newsletter
What's on weekly newsletter
Newsroom and regular contributors
Social
Contact Us
© 2025 - Cyprus-mail.com. All Rights Reserved.
COOKIE POLICY
|
TERMS & CONDITIONS
|
WEBSITE’S COOKIES NOTICE
|
WEBSITE’S PRIVACY NOTICE
|
Privacy/Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://cyprus-mail.com/2024/08/22/cyprus-start-cricket-world-cup-campaign-with-defeat-to-spain 
 ----- 
