MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Green and VanVleet score 21 each as Houston Rockets rout San Antonio Spurs 127-100
Updated Nov. 6, 2024 10:21 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

HOUSTON (AP) — Jalen Green and Fred VanVleet had 21 points each and the Houston Rockets built a huge lead early and coasted to a 127-100 win over the San Antonio Spurs Wednesday night.

Houston never trailed and had built a 25-point lead by halftime. The Rockets were up by 27 points when coach Ime Udoka cleared the bench with about 6½ minutes remaining.

Alperen Sengun added 16 points for the Rockets, who won for the fourth time in five games. VanVleet had 10 assists and seven rebounds — both season-highs — to go with his top scoring effort of the season.

Victor Wembanyama had 15 points, six rebounds and three blocks for the Spurs, who lost a second straight game. They were playing a third consecutive game without coach Gregg Popovich, who is out indefinitely while recovering from an illness. Mitch Johnson is filling in as interim coach while the 75-year-old Popovich, who did not travel with the team on this road trip, is out.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link
Takeaways

Spurs: San Antonio’s defense suffered Wednesday in its first game without top on-ball defender Jeremy Sochan, who suffered a fractured left thumb that will require surgery in Monday’s game. Rookie Stephon Castle, who started in his place, will need to step up with Sochan likely out for an extended period.

Rockets: After failing to play consistently for four quarters in the last two games, Houston finally put together a complete game against the Spurs.

Key moment

The Rockets were up by 7 with about five minutes left in the first quarter before using a 7-0 run, with the first five points by VanVleet, to make it 22-8. The Spurs didn’t get closer than 10 points after that.

North Charleston: Wooden Puzzles - Closing Sale - 85% Off
Prices start at $4.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
Dolphins GM Chris Grier: Tyreek Hill 'never asked for a trade with me'
The Dolphins don’t appear to have any immediate plans to trade Tyreek Hill, with GM Chris Grier saying the receiver didn't ask for a trade.
Why There's No Better Bed Out There Than The Bed, By Thuma
5 Reasons To Upgrade To A Thuma
Thuma|Sponsored
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
Ranking all 14 playoff QBs, from Chiefs' Patrick Mahomes to Texans' C.J. Stroud
The playoffs feature an intriguing QB mix, from vets to rooks, comeback kids, Super Bowl winners and losers, all trying to topple the king.
Key stat

The Rockets dominated inside, outscoring the Spurs 66-46 in the paint.

Up next

San Antonio hosts Portland on Thursday night and the Rockets visit Oklahoma City on Friday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Houston Rockets
Jalen Green
San Antonio Spurs
National Basketball Association
Fred VanVleet
Alperen Sengün
Fred VanVleet
Jalen Green
San Antonio Spurs
Houston Rockets
NBA - San Antonio Spurs vs. Houston Rockets - 11/07/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/green-and-vanvleet-score-21-each-as-houston-rockets-rout-san-antonio-spurs-127100 
 ----- 
