Football
AFCON 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Athletics
English Premiership
Basketball
More
CONNECT WITH US

Hi, What Are You Looking For?

Capital Sports
Harambee Stars head coach Engin Firat follows a training session closely at teh Bingu National Stadium in Lilongwe PHOTO/Timothy Olobulu
FOOTBALL
Preparation Has Been More Psychological Than Physical – Coach Firat

By

Timothy Olobulu

Published

June 11, 2024
1
SHARES
Share
Tweet

LILONGWE, Malawi, Jun 11 – Harambee Stars head coach Engin Firat says the ‘bad news’ around the team over the course of this round of 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers has necessitated him to focus more on the psychological aspect for Tuesday’s duel against Ivory Coast.

Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp

Missing key players and being forced to play their two home matches in Malawi, are some of the factors that the tactician says have affected the team psychologically.

“In my plan, I had hoped to play in front of 40,000 Kenyans tomorrow (Tuesday). Sometimes even when you make the plans they don’t work. We had eight players missing against Burundi and now against Ivory Coast we will have one more and this means the plans are broken. We are not a country that can replace every player,” the tactician said, speaking on Monday evening ahead of the game.

He adds; “If you get all the time negative news it has an effect on the players. The situation is more psychological than the football.”

Among the key players that Kenya has missed during this round of qualifiers include central defender Joseph ‘Crouch’ Okumu, left back Erick ‘Marcelo’ Ouma as well as forwards Ayub Time and Masud Juma.

England-based Zak Vyner and Germany-based Tobias Knost have not been able to play due to issues of documentation. While Vyner has already left the camp in Malawi, Knost has remained with the hope his documents will be ready in time.

Firat calls in three new players
Harambee Stars head coach Engin Firat. PHOTO/Timothy Olobulu

Defender Collins Shichenje has also pulled out of camp due to injury, though he was not on the pitch against Burundi but only named on the bench.

For the game against Ivory Coast, Firat has called in defender Clyde Senaji who plays in Malawi with Nyasa Big Bullets as well as David ‘Cheche’ Ochieng of Kenya Police FC.

Looking forward to the Ivory Coast duel, Firat says the team should approach the game with confidence, and has said there should be no stage fright issues from his players, despite most being from the local league.

ADVERTISEMENT. SCROLL TO CONTINUE READING.

“When I came in here, I insisted for us to play against big nations. We played against Asian champions Qatar, former European champions Russia because I wanted them to get the self confidence and not feel like they are less. I don’t think we will have a confidence problem,” noted the coach.

Approach game cautiously 
Harambee Stars head coach Engin Firat. PHOTO/Timothy Olobulu

Firat said that they will give their best against the African champions, and notes they will need to approach the game cautiously.

“Ivory Coast are at a higher level and they will be a stronger team than us because they have their full squad here. We need to approach the game well and try to get a win. We need to get our real way of playing back and have confidence on the pitch. It is a possibility not just for the number one in the group but the number two as well so we have to fight to win,” stated the tactician.

The tactician also said he was concerned with some individual mistakes that have led to dropping of points in other matches, putting into perspective the game against Burundi where a last minute error gifted the opponents a last minute goal.

Lack of experience in squad
Harambee Stars players during a training session in Lilongwe, Malawi. PHOTO/Timothy Olobulu

“When you have players who lack experience they can make individual mistakes but we need to grow. The big picture for me is the 2027 AFCON and these are the players who will represent us so we need to keep learning and getting it right,” added the coach.

Kenya can potentially move to second in the standings by Tuesday night with a win over the Ivorians, and they will stand only two points adrift. However, defeat would have a fatal blow on the country’s hope for a maiden World Cup.

In this article:
featured
LATEST
TRENDING
Delap Can Be Important Player For England – Maresca
Murray Bringing ‘Fresh Look’ To My Game – Djokovic
Mvurya Calms Nerves Over Future Of Tong Il Moo Do After Cancellation Of Mombasa International Championships
Puerto Rican Boxer Bamba Dies Aged 35
Brunson’s 55 Points Lead Knicks To Overtime Win
KCB Launch “Revvvisha Na KCB” Campaign Ahead Of 2025 WRC Safari Rally
Volleyball Icon Janet Wanja To Be Laid To Rest On January 3
FKF Division One Side Soy United Crowned 2024 Karamoja Super Cup Champions
Kimanzi Has Eyes On CHAN 2024 As Stars Set Ready For Mapinduzi Cup
It’s Blue Blue Vs Mekoan At Esse Akida Foundation Tourney Final
ADVERTISEMENT
More On Capital Sports
DStv, GOtv Subscribers In For A Treat As UEFA Champions League Returns
Capital SportOctober 27, 2020
IN PICTURES: The New Look Nyayo National Stadium, 95pc Complete
Timothy OlobuluMay 25, 2020
Vihiga Queens Sail To CAF Champions League Qualifiers Final
Timothy OlobuluSeptember 6, 2021
Miserable State Of Former NFL Player Kenya’s Daniel Adongo
ALEX ISABOKEAugust 13, 2020

© 2024 Capital Digital Media. Capital Group Limited. All Rights Reserved

This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT

×
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.capitalfm.co.ke/sports/2024/06/11/preparation-has-been-more-psychological-than-physical-coach-firat/ 
 ----- 
