SECTIONS
  LOGIN
Harambee Stars frustrate star-studded Elephants to a draw
Football
By Rodgers Eshitemi | Jun 11, 2024
Harambee Stars defender Athony Akumu battles for ball possession against Ivory Coast Seko Fofana during a World Cup qualifier in Malawi on June 11, 2024. [FKF Media]

Like the past fixtures against big teams, Harambee Stars brought their ‘A’ game to frustrate star-studded Ivory Coast to a barren draw in their fourth Group F match of the 2026 World Cup Qualifiers at Bingu National Stadium, in Lilongwe on Tuesday.

They might have missed the full support of their fans back in Nairobi thronging either Nyayo Stadium or Kasarani Stadium, but that didn’t stop Harambee Stars from making a light work of Brighton’s Simon Adingra, Diakate Oumar, Fofana Seko, Frank Kessie, Willy Boly, Nicolas Pepe and others .

The dreadful Adingra and Oumar couldn’t even break the defensive quartet of Daniel Anyembe, Johnstone Omurwa, Abud Omar and Alphonse Omija who was making his debut.

Coming from a disappointing 1-1 draw against Burundi, Harambee Stars had no option but to prove their worthiness against the mighty Elephants. Despite the draw, Kenya remain third in the group with five points, five behind leaders Ivory Coast.

The qualifiers return to action in March next year with round five fixtures. Kenya will travel to Gambia on March 19 before hosting Gabon three days later.

.
Keep Reading
  Africa's opportunity in taming a warming world
  World falls short of drought deal at Saudi-hosted talks
  Reverent politics key to climate action
  There is need to raise visibility of climate impact on health
  There is need to rethink Kenya's climate financing framework

Gabon were due to host Johnathan McKinstry's Gambia last night as Group F's whipping boys Seychelles battle with fixtures.

Harambee Stars coach Engin Firat feels his boys should have won the match if they were clinical enough infront of goal.

“We should have won against the African champs, but just like the Burundi game, we wasted a number of chances,” said Firat.

“We are still in a rebuilding process and our target is the 2027 Afcon at home. Many people thought we would lose easily, but we were disciplined throughout the match. We would be in a different position if we had won against Burundi and today.

“I’m proud of the boys, we should have dropped these four points here in Malawi if we were in Nairobi. Our key players were missing but since they followed the tactics, we gave the Ivorians tough time.”

His sentiments were echoed by Tusker midfielder Chrispine Erambo, who replaced Timothy Ouma deep in the game.

“Getting a draw against the African champions means no feat. This is like a win to us after dropping two points against Burundi. We are all proud of our efforts as a team,” said a jubilant Chris Erambo.

But Ivory Coast coach Emarse Fae criticized Harambee Stars for their defensive tactics.

“I don’t think Kenya deserved to win, they defended deeply. They just got one big opportunity and situation. I think a draw is a fair result,” said Fae.

“Yes, they piled pressure on us, but unfortunately they decided to stay behind. These qualifiers are good for smaller teams, we knew it will not be easy against Kenya and the field also worked on their favour.”

The opening minutes witnessed a cautious approached from both sides but it’s Harambee Stars who had a first opportunity to score from a corner kick only for Kenneth Muguna's cross to be cleared away to safety by Evan Obit.

Moments later, Simon Adingra raced down the left channel, but Alphonce Omija did well to stop the Brighton winger before Kenya goalkeeper Patrick Matasi easily smothered Wilfried Singo's long range attempt.

The African champions then earned a fruitless corner kick in the 12th minute before Fofana Seko saw his effort go inches wide.

Industrious Rooney Onyango would be fouled by Adingra on the opposite end but Abud Omar’s free kick didn’t trouble the Ivory goalkeeper Fofana Yahia.

Kenya came close to breaking the deadlock on the half hour mark, but Rooney Onyango’s indecisiveness cost him a precious chance.

The Elephants responded immediately as both sides settled into the match, only for Seko and Lazare Amani to fluff their shots.

The hosts had another scoring chance in the 36th minute when Timothy Ouma dribbled through the midfield but the Sweden-based winger was outmuscled by Ivorian defenders before Michael Olunga’s shot went wide.

With Harambee Stars having been vulnerable of losing concentration in the injury time in the recent matches, the few travelling fans who were in the stadium breathed a sigh of relief when Matasi pulled off a fine save to deny Jeremie Boga the opener following Richard Odada’s reckless tackle on Junior Lath in a dangerous position.

The Ivorians started the second half on a high note, pressing backline almost got the lead in the 52nd minute but Omija threw his body on the line to block Seko’s goal bound effort at the edge of the box.

With Harambee Stars strongly frustrating the Elephants, head coach Emarse Fae made a double substitution on the hour mark, bringing on Stade de Reims man Diakate Oumar and Evans Guessand for Boga and Lath respectively.

Kenneth Muguna paved way for Duke Abuya on the Harambee Stars side before Ivorian players failed to make contact on Adingra’s dangerous corner kick as the Elephants restricted Kenya in their own half.

In the 73rd minute, Teddy Akumu initiated a counter attack with Olunga giving Ouma brilliant pass who calmly controlled the ball but was let down by his second touch as the keeper came off his line to close him down.

Olunga then pounced on a loose ball but an Ivorian defender made a goal line clearance for a fruitless corner as Stars

Chrispine Erambo came on for Timothy Ouma in the 80th minute as Engin Firat tried to protect the defence.

Olunga almost snatched a famous win for Harambee Stars in the 83rd minute but his feeble shot under pressure from Bolly Willy was easily saved by the keeper before Diakate’s close range attempt crashed against the cross bar.

Moments later Adingra dribbled into the box, but his shot was perfectly blocked by a self-sacrificing Richard Odada as Kenya held on to secure a crucial point.

Kenya’s Remaining WCQ Fixtures

Gambia v Kenya, March 19 2025

Kenya v Gabon, March 22 2025

Kenya v Gambia, September 3 2025

Kenya v Seychelles, September 6 2025

Burundi v Kenya, October 8 2025

Ivory Coast v Kenya, October 11, 2025

Related Topics
Harambee Stars Engin Firat Ivory Coast 2026 World Cup qualifiers
SHARE THIS ARTICLE ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Previous article
Controversy as Gachagua opts for commercial flight amid military chopper ban
Next article
Country needs Sh4tr to modernise all roads, Murkomen says
.
Similar Articles
By AFP
19 days ago
World
2024 'certain' to be hottest year on record: EU monitor
By David Njaaga
26 days ago
National
Kenyan diaspora seeks voice in Parliament with petition
By VOA
27 days ago
World
Landmark climate change case to open at top UN court
.
Latest Stories
Blue Blue eye Mekoan scalp in Esse Akida Foundation tourney final
Football
By Rodgers Eshitemi
4 hrs ago
2024: Dull year for Kenyan volleyball as KVF makes costly blunders
Volleyball and Handball
By Elizabeth Mburugu
8 hrs ago
Year Ender: Why 2024 will be a year Harambee Stars will want to forget
Football
By Washington Onyango
14 hrs ago
Masengeli Super Cup: Blessed Dreamers and Blessed Starlets aim to retain titles in finals
Football
By Washington Onyango
15 hrs ago
Life begins at 40, but for Janet Wanja, it never did
Volleyball and Handball
By Sammy Kitula
16 hrs ago
.
Recommended Articles
By Rodgers Eshitemi
4 hrs ago
Football
Blue Blue eye Mekoan scalp in Esse Akida Foundation tourney final
By Elizabeth Mburugu
8 hrs ago
Volleyball and Handball
2024: Dull year for Kenyan volleyball as KVF makes costly blunders
By Washington Onyango
14 hrs ago
Football
Year Ender: Why 2024 will be a year Harambee Stars will want to forget
By Washington Onyango
15 hrs ago
Football
Masengeli Super Cup: Blessed Dreamers and Blessed Starlets aim to retain titles in finals

Your experience on this site will be improved by allowing cookies.

Allow cookies
GET OUR NEWSLETTER

Subscribe to our newsletter and stay updated on the latest developments and special offers!

 SUBMIT
CONNECT WITH US
FOR THE LATEST JOB ADVERT
join @standardjobs telegram channel
©2024 The Standard Group PLC. All rights reserved. Standard Group
10
31
127
8.1.26
322ms
4MB
GET sports/{category_slug}/article/{id}/{slug}
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.standardmedia.co.ke/main-staging/sports/football/article/2001496991/www.digger.co.ke 
 ----- 
