Skip to content
EY Logo
Insights
Services
Industries
Careers
About us
My EY
Italy
English
EY at SAP Sapphire 2024

Discover how EY and SAP can help you innovate to drive the swift, scalable and sustainable business performance you need to thrive in an ever-evolving global landscape.

Here’s everything you can expect to hear and learn at SAP Sapphire 2024.
Related topics
Alliances
Digital

EY is proud to be a Premier Sponsor of SAP Sapphire & ASUG 2024 which promises a new and reinvented experience.

Follow along with the EY-SAP Alliance team at SAP Sapphire 2024 on LinkedIn. 


Upcoming SAP Sapphire & ASUG 2024 events

Unleash human potential to shape the future of change.

Orlando
Virtual
Barcelona
SAP Sapphire & ASUG Annual Conference Orlando

June 3-5, 2024, Orange County Convention Center (OCCC) Orlando, Florida 


SAP’s flagship event is back in Orlando and will run concurrent with SAP Select and the ASUG Annual Conference. Join EY and SAP leaders and peers in must-see keynotes, demos, and much more. Discover best strategies and best practices to transform your business for the future. 


Register here to attend SAP Sapphire Orlando.


Show floor hours:

Monday, June 3, 2024 | 1:00 p.m. – 5:00 p.m. EDT 

Tuesday, June 4, 2024 | 8:00 a.m. – 6:30 p.m. EDT 

Wednesday, June 5, 2024 | 8:00 a.m. – 4:15 p.m. EDT 

 
EY SAP Sapphire Orlando 2024 sessions:
Zoetis
Accelerating a next-generation ERP program at Zoetis 

Zoetis Inc., a leading animal health company, used its separation from Pfizer Inc. as a transaction point to pursue its own initiatives as an independent entity and drive key functional, team, and financial decisions. Hear how Zoetis plans to continue its growth by transforming its business with SAP S/4HANA and the RISE with SAP solution. 


Wednesday, June 5 | 2:30 p.m. – 2:50 p.m. | Theater 16 | Session ID: PAR336    


Speakers:

Edward DuBeau, SVP & Global Business Lead, NextGen ERP Program, Zoetis
Keith Sarbaugh, Chief Information Officer, Zoetis
Melody Blanchford, EY Americas Life Sciences Consulting Leader  

Musket Corporation
Fueling innovation and realizing growth with SAP S/4HANA

Learn how Musket Corporation, a commodity supply, trading, and logistics company, addressed increasing Diesel Exhaust Fluid market demand, supply redundancy and logistical optimization opportunities to enable innovation and realize growth ambitions. EY teams helped implement SAP S/4HANA to help them streamline business processes and assist in faster decision-making. 


Tuesday, June 4 | 11:30 a.m. – 11:50 a.m. | Breakout Theater 8 | Session ID: PAR306     


Speakers: 

Nina Leon-Adesanmi, Manager of DEF Commercial Operations, Musket Corp 
Sabya Banerjee, Senior Manager, Technology Consulting, EY 

Sarantis Group
Beautiful simplicity: Sarantis Group transforms to create customer value and operational excellence.

Learn how the Sarantis Group, a multinational consumer products company, encumbered by its heavily customized SAP Legacy system overcame challenges to respond to new customer demands. EY teams helped accelerate the planning (SAP IBP) for a new Greenfield implementation utilizing leading practices, SAP S/4HANA, RISE Premium Plus and SuccessFactor solutions.  

Location: Virtual  

Speakers: 

Labrini Stathonikou - Group IT Director, Sarantis Group 
Ioannis Bampalis – Partner, Technology Consulting, EY  

Avantor - ASUG
Connected experiences across the value chain with Intelligent Customer Experience

Join us to learn how connecting your commerce, sales, service and marketing solutions with ERP not only improves the customer experience but maximizes your investment in SAP. We will delve into various SAP solutions and how they can be used to improve loyalty, decrease customer churn and increase profitable growth. 

Monday, June 3 |1:00 p.m. - 1:20 p.m. | ASUG | Theater 10 | Session ID: ASUG854 

Speakers: 

Kirith Catterjee, Digital Transformation and Experience Management Leader, EY  
Vipin Lashkary, SAP Sales and Service Solution Architect, EY  
Mailka Bezziou, Global Director CRM, Tools & Process, Avantor 
Amy Dunn, Vice President – Business Relationship Management, Avantor 
Avantor
How Avantor improved customer and associate experiences to drive growth 

Gain insight into Avantor’s Global CX transformation journey that includes:  defining a Global Solution Template, deployment methodology to control scope, cost and timeline, multiyear roll outs while collaborating with SAP for efficient solution.

Wednesday, June 5 | 1:30 p.m. – 1:50 p.m. |Session ID: CPX152    


Speakers: 

Kirith Catterjee, Digital Transformation and Experience Management Leader, EY 
Vipin Lashkary, SAP Sales and Service Solution Architect, EY
Mailka Bezziou, Global Director CRM, Tools & Process, Avantor 
Ascend Elements
The future of sustainable battery-materials manufacturing

See why battery-materials manufacturer Ascend Elements Inc. used SAP S/4HANA Cloud Public Edition to enable rapid growth. Hear how this new enterprise-systems foundation has simplified operations with a single source of truth and supports rapid decision-making across the enterprise – from shop floor to profit and loss.

Tuesday, June 4 | 3:30 p.m. – 3:50 p.m. | Session ID: IND265


Speaker:


Jim Davis, Director Enterprise Systems, Ascend Elements

EY teams recognized for the transformative value we help clients realize

We are proud to be a 15-time winner of the SAP Pinnacle Award. In 2024, EY was honored with the SAP Pinnacle Award for Partner Learning and Skills Growth. 

Learn more
The EY SAP team
Show more
EY-SAP Alliance
EY and SAP can help your organization generate long-term value faster,
by reframing your future for what’s next –
innovative, industry-focused, cloud-based, sustainable.
EY logo
Connect with us

Our locations
My EY
Site map
Legal and privacy
Open Facebook profile
Open X profile
Open LinkedIn profile
Open Youtube profile

EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients.

Welcome to EY Italy (EN)

Welcome to EY.com

In addition to cookies that are strictly necessary to operate this website, we use the following types of cookies to improve your experience and our services: Functional cookies to enhance your experience (e.g. remember settings), Performance cookies to measure the website's performance and improve your experience, and Marketing/Targeting cookies, which are set by third parties, allow us to execute marketing campaigns, manage our relationship with you, build a profile of your interests and provide you with content or service offerings in accordance with your preferences.




You may withdraw your consent to cookies at any time once you have entered the website through a link in the cookie policy, which you can find at the bottom of each page on the website in the ‘Legal and Privacy’ section.




Review our cookie policy for more information.

I decline optional cookies
I accept all cookies
Customize cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ey.com/en_it/alliances/sapphire-now 
 ----- 
