Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Chicago Cubs Injury-Riddled Top Prospect Unfortunately Hits the Shelf Again
There's been another setback for one of the Chicago Cubs top prospects after he suffered his latest injury.
Brad Wakai | Sep 14, 2024
Mar 21, 2022; Mesa, Arizona, USA; Chicago Cubs right field Brennen Davis talks to a trainer after being hit by a pitch in the second inning against the Cincinnati Reds during spring training at Sloan Park / Matt Kartozian-Imagn Images
In this story:
Chicago Cubs

With just a little over two weeks remaining in the regular season, it appears like the Chicago Cubs' playoff hopes have been finally dashed after their loss on Friday night against the Colorado Rockies.

When trailing 5-2 in the top of the eighth inning, Michael Busch's game changing three-run 453-foot homer gave the Cubs a late lead that looked like they would stave off their elimination for another day.

Unfortunately, that changed in the bottom half of the frame when Hunter Goodman blasted a 413-foot grand slam to left center field that virtually ended Chicago's year.

Now trailing the final Wild Card spot by six games, this will now mark the fourth straight season the Cubs are watching the playoffs from home.

While it was certainly positive to see this team keep fighting for their shot to be playing fall baseball, the organization also might have missed out on an opportunity to call up some of their top prospects to give them their first MLB action.

With multiple star minor leaguers knocking on the door of The Show, Chicago will now enter Spring Training not knowing if any of those players can perform at the highest level since they chose to keep them on the farm as their Major League team was chasing the final Wild Card spot.

One player who was trying to make his case as a call-up was Brennen Davis.

The second round pick of the 2018 draft looked to have a bright future with the Cubs when he was immediately considered a top 10 prospect in their pipeline the following year before jumping into the top three in 2020, and peaking at No. 1 in 2022.

Despite the high ceiling, the outfielder has never made his debut, largely due to the injury issues that have plagued him throughout his entire career.

If Davis is to eventually play in Major League Baseball, he'll have to do so after rehabbing from yet another injury after Meghan Montemuro of The Chicago Tribune reported Chicago has placed him on the 60-day IL with a fracture in his left ankle.

In a corresponding move, they have claimed reliever Jimmy Hergert off waivers from the Atlanta Braves and have optioned him to their Triple-A affiliate.

Hopefully Davis can have a quick recovery so he can give himself the best possible chance of being a factor with the Cubs in 2025.

Published Sep 14, 2024
BRAD WAKAI

Brad Wakai graduated from Penn State University with a degree in Journalism. While an undergrad, he did work at the student radio station covering different Penn State athletic programs like football, basketball, volleyball, soccer and other sports. Brad currently is the Lead Contributor for Nittany Lions Wire of Gannett Media where he continues to cover Penn State athletics. He is also a contributor at FanSided, writing about the Philadelphia 76ers for The Sixers Sense. Brad is the host of the sports podcast I Said What I Said, discussing topics across the NFL, College Football, the NBA and other sports. You can follow him on Twitter: @bwakai

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/cubs/news/chicago-cubs-injury-riddled-top-prospect-unfortunately-hits-the-shelf-again 
 ----- 
