The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Cody Bellinger keeps adding to résumé as Cubs creep closer to elimination
The Cubs lost to the Rockies 6-5 in 10 innings Saturday.
By  Maddie Lee   Sept 15, 2024, 4:27am UTC

DENVER, COLORADO - SEPTEMBER 14: Cody Bellinger #24 of the Chicago Cubs follows the flight of his fourth inning solo home run against the Colorado Rockies at Coors Field on September 14, 2024 in Denver, Colorado. 

Dustin Bradford/Getty

SHARE
COPY LINK

DENVER — Rockies left-hander Kyle Freeland challenged Cody Bellinger up and in with a sinker. But Bellinger’s smooth swing met it out in front to drive a solo home run just over the right-field wall.

Add Freeland to the list of left-handed pitchers who have been victimized by Bellinger this year.

“We kind of have an inside joke, me and the hitting coaches, with lefties,” Bellinger told the Sun-Times last month. “It’s just funny where I just feel comfortable against them.”

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
Cubs and new star Kyle Tucker file for arbitration
Porter Hodge can raise bullpen's ceiling even as Cubs continue addressing position
Brian Matusz, former Orioles and Cubs pitcher, dies at 37
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
Cubs sign veteran reliever Caleb Thielbar to one-year deal
LATEST STORIES
Snow wreaks havoc on the ground, in the air; over 100 flights canceled at O'Hare
As Bears proceed in coaching search, they can learn a lot from playoff teams
Immigration advocates warn a proposal for Chicago police to help ICE could be illegal
Don't sweep Trump's dangerous messages under the rug
Rev. Stephen Kanonik, Chicago priest who'd drench parishioners with holy water during blessings, dead at 68
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
HEALTH
2 infants have died of seasonal flu in Chicago, health officials say
It comes after no children died of the seasonal flu during the 2023-24 season, which runs from September to May, according to the agency.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 10, 2025, 8:08pm UTC
HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL SCORES
Friday's high school basketball scores
All the scores from Jan. 10, 2025.
By Michael O’Brien  Jan 10, 2025, 7:55pm UTC
HOUSING & DEVELOPMENT
Want a stake in Michael Jordan's Highland Park mansion? New owner says he's selling shares at $1M
The co-ownership shares give buyers a week of access to the property each year, including an option to host events there for an extra fee.
By Abby Miller  Jan 10, 2025, 7:19pm UTC
BLACKHAWKS
Patrick Kane discusses Jonathan Toews' potential NHL comeback: 'It would be great'
Kane knows Toews wouldn’t have an easy time integrating back into the league after two years away. But he pitched for the Hawks to bring Toews back, as unlikely as that is in reality.
By Ben Pope  Jan 10, 2025, 6:56pm UTC
EDITORIALS
Mark Zuckerberg's move to end Meta fact-checking is a disservice to users — and truth
For Meta to abandon fact-checking in the U.S., at a time of great divisiveness over truth and lies, is the height of irresponsibility. Dozens of Meta fact-checking partners sent a letter to Zuckerberg criticizing the move.
By CST Editorial Board  Jan 10, 2025, 6:26pm UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2024/09/15/cody-bellinger-keeps-adding-to-resume-as-cubs-creep-closer-to-elimination 
 ----- 
