Sports
Sportsbooks
Casino
Top Lists
Compare Sportsbook
More
UFC 306 Preview for September 14, 2024
Sep 11, 2024
By: Ryan Knuppel

It’s going to be a big weekend of MMA action as UFC 306 is going to be taking place in what will be a historic way. UFC 306 is bringing Noche UFC to the Sphere in Las Vegas, Nevada, and the fight schedule is going to live up to the hype. 

There are a couple of title fights set to take place, and there will also be some other great fights on the main card. Here is a look at three of the biggest fights to set place, and some of the top betting picks that you are going to want to make. 

CLICK HERE TO BET ON UFC 306

Bantamweight Championship

The biggest fight of the night will take place at the end, and it’s not going to be easy to wait around for that action. Sean O’Malley is set to take on Merab Dvalishvili for the bantamweight championship and this should be a great matchup.

O’Malley is the betting favorite at -130 to win the bantamweight championship, but you could also get some more value by betting on Dvalishvili. Those odds are currently sitting at EVEN money, and he is good enough to come up with a big title. 

The reason that O’Malley is the favorite to win this fight is for the simple fact that he is the current champion. It has been more than a year on the top for O’Malley, but he will have to put up a good fight to keep his belt. 

Dvalishvili was once a fighter that struggled to win fights, but things have changed in a major way. He is a worthy opponent for this fight, but this will be the toughest test of his young career. 

There will be some great action throughout the fight, but it’s going to be the current champion that stays on top. Sean O’Malley will get the job done yet again, and jumping on him at -130 is the way to go. 

Flyweight Title in Main Event

The co-main event is going to be a flyweight championship match, and there will be some great fighters set to battle it out. Alexa Grasso and Valentina Shevchenko are both talented fighters, and the betting odds suggest that this will be a battle. 

Grasso is the betting favorite at -145 for this bout, and she has won each of the first two meetings against Shevchenko. This should be another great fight, and it’s one that will go the distance. 

Taking Shevchenko to win this fight at +115 is going to be the right pick to make as she finally gets some revenge. 

Lopes-Ortega in Showdown

The other great fight set to take place this weekend isn’t going to be a title fight, but there are some excellent fighters in the Octagon. Diego Lopes is the favorite in this fight at -175, and he is someone that isn’t afraid to take on big fights. 

Ortega has had a history of beating up on opponents that were not champions, and this is going to be another chance at getting that done. There is a reason that Ortega is the underdog though, and that might mean that he can’t get a win. 

Take Lopes at -175 (at BetUS) to win this fight, but it’s going to be tight. 

Receive all the latest news from Bang The Book to your email:
Subscribe to Bang The Book
Featured Sportsbooks:
BetDSI
200% Cash Bonus
Review
Claim offer
Bookmaker
100% Cash Welcome Bonus
Review
Claim offer
Bet US
125% SignUp Bonus up to $2500
Review
Claim offer
BetOnline
Join Now for a Exclusive 50% Signup Bonus or 100% Up to $1000 W/ Crypto
Review
Claim offer
Bovada
Join Now for a Exclusive Signup Bonus Up To $4500!
Review
Claim offer
Read Previous Article
Chicago Cubs vs Los Angeles Dodgers Betting Pick & Prediction 9/11/24
Read Next Article
Colorado Rockies vs Detroit Tigers Betting Pick & Prediction 9/12/24

Our mission at BangTheBook is to create a sports website where fans can read insightful analysis and predictions, share their views, share their experiences and above all, keep it real.

CONTACT INFORMATION:
sales@bangthebook.com

SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
The latest news, articles and reviews, sent straight to your inbox.
Subscribe
PRIVACY POLICY
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED © BANG THE BOOK 2023
TERMS & CONDITIONS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://bangthebook.com/ufc-306-preview-for-september-14-2024 
 ----- 
