Menu Idiomas
EN
 (English)
Main menu - Top - EN
HOME NBA RUMORS NBA TRANSACTIONS GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS LOS ANGELES LAKERS BROOKLYN NETS
HOME  KLAY THOMPSON, AFTER DEBUTING WITH THE MAVS: "I HAVEN'T BEEN SO NERVOUS SINCE THE 2015 FINALS"
Klay Thompson, after debuting with the Mavs: "I haven't been so nervous since the 2015 Finals"

The former Golden State Warriors player began his journey with his new team by falling to the Utah Jazz 102-107 in a preseason game

 VÍCTOR LF | FRI, 10/11/2024 - 21:00   
Klay Thompson

Klay Thompson made his debut with a loss for the Dallas Mavericks in the second preseason game of the Texan franchise. They fell 102-107 against the Utah Jazz, where the shooting guard scored 10 points with his new jersey. After the game, former Golden State Warriors player himself, coach Jason Kidd, a franchise legend and current assistant Jason Terry, and one of the team members, Jaden Hardy, spoke to the media.

"I was nervous for, like, four days," he said. "I haven't been that nervous, I believe, since the 2015 Finals, Game 1. It felt so good just to go out and play and shake off those nerves.

"It was a new experience. It's a natural feeling when you've been in a place for so long, and being in a new place, finally putting on the uniform felt amazing. After over a decade there and now being here, it literally felt like my rookie season all over again."

"It was great to be out there with Kai and the rest of the guys," said Thompson. "Surreal? Absolutely. This preseason is so important to me because I want to build great chemistry with this team. I'm excited to experience a new chapter. I know it's going to be special. I know it."

Jason Kidd on Klay Thompson and Kyrie Irving

"He had some good shots and started to heat up from behind the arc," said coach Jason Kidd. "Klay is a weapon no matter how closely he's guarded; he can get his shot off. And he's done it his whole career.

"For him tonight, there were a lot of positives. He had some good shots that we all think he's capable of making. He never rushes. He never forces anything. He probably passed up on some shots that we'd encourage him to take. But we trust he's making the right decision."

"The chemistry between those two in practices has been at a high level," said Kidd. "They understand what it takes to win and what we're trying to achieve. And they're getting used to each other. Klay brings a dynamic on the court with spacing and his shooting ability. And Kai is dynamic with or without the ball. It's just a matter of them finding their rhythm. It's not so much chemistry. It's rhythm."

"It just doesn't happen overnight," he said. "When we got Kai in the trade, we wanted success to be instant and it took time. And it's going to take time. It's not going to be in two weeks, a month. It's going to take an 82-game journey to get used to each other.

"Some nights we'll look good. Some nights, we'll struggle. But it's a journey, it's a long-term vision, and we hope to get it right by March and April."

"We'll see about the possibility of pushing them (Thompson and Irving) in the game against the Clippers beyond halftime and then the dress rehearsal game against Milwaukee where the players will play close to their regular minutes," said Kidd.

Jason Kidd on Luka Doncic

"He's doing great," said Kidd. "We're running out of preseason games. He won't be participating on Monday. So we'll see how Friday goes."

Jason Kidd on Jason Terry

"When the Mavs fans see him wearing the 31, it's not Jason Terry," Kidd said. "But Jason Terry is in the building, which I think Jason will find funny seeing his number going up and down (the court) and shooting threes. It's pretty cool that they're both here."

Jason Terry

"It's going to be great," said Terry, who remains tenth on the NBA's all-time three-point list. "And he's also wearing the headband."

Jaden Hardy

"Jet is maybe the funniest person I've ever met in my life," Hardy said. "If I'm laughing on the sideline, it's probably something he said.

"And I think Jet has an incredible way of communicating with the players. He has this gift to be funny and tell you the truth without hurting your feelings at the same time. I think he keeps our young players accountable because he's been in their shoes, and I trust a lot in that. He can say things that I can't."

This news is an automatic translation. You can read the original news, Klay Thompson, tras debutar con los Mavs: "No he estado tan nervioso desde las Finales 2015"

KLAY THOMPSON JASON KIDD LUKA DONCIC JASON TERRY DALLAS MAVERICKS JADEN HARDY
LATEST ARTICLES
The NBA suspends Lakers and Clippers games due to California wildfires
11 JAN 2025 | 10:10
Jimmy Butler's tremendous 'jab' at Pat Riley: "That's what bosses do. They build you up, they don't tear you down"
10 JAN 2025 | 22:57
Stephen Curry, willing to sacrifice: "I am doing everything in my power to eventually play back-to-backs"
10 JAN 2025 | 21:06
Detroit Pistons and the possibility of entering a new and unexpected scenario
10 JAN 2025 | 18:46
The 6 best centers involved in various NBA rumors
10 JAN 2025 | 16:24
Brutal smackdown from Ime Udoka to Marc Gasol: "I found it strange that he won the DPOY, it was a weird year"
10 JAN 2025 | 13:57
Another blow for the Philadelphia 76ers: Rookie Jared McCain says goodbye to the season
10 JAN 2025 | 09:03
Panic in Los Angeles with the fires: JJ Redick loses his house and Steve Kerr describes it as "surreal"
10 JAN 2025 | 08:57
The resurgence of Zach LaVine opens the door to a trade: Kings and Nuggets very interested
09 JAN 2025 | 22:54
Jusuf Nurkic does not shy away from trade rumors: "It's part of the job"
09 JAN 2025 | 22:03
PRONÓSTICOS DEPORTIVOS
LIGA ACB

11/01/2025 18:00

 Bilbao Basket
 CB Málaga
PRONÓSTICO

CB Málaga gana

Cuota: 1.4

Apuesta
SECTIONS
ARCHIVE
 
OTHER GROUP WEBSITES
FICHAJES.NET
PUNTODEBREAK.COM
BLOGDEBASKET.COM
 
CORPORATE
PUBLICITY
CONTACT
 
  
© 2024 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
MEDIOSDEPORTIVOS.COM
TERMS OF SERVICE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.blogdebasket.com/en/2024/10/11/klay-thompson-after-debuting-with-the-mavs-i-havent-been-nervous-since-the-2015-finals 
 ----- 
