Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
MLB
FEB 20
<
Full Scoreboard »
>
2/20 8:05 PM UTC
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
Menu
ESPN
	MLB
Home
Free Agency
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Stats
Teams
Transactions
Players
More
Rays 2B Brandon Lowe out 4-6 weeks with knee injury
ESPN News Services
Sep 22, 2023, 10:28 PM ET

Tampa Bay Rays second baseman Brandon Lowe will be out four to six weeks with a right patella fracture, manager Kevin Cash announced Friday night.

Lowe suffered the injury after he hit a hard foul off his right knee in Thursday's win over the Los Angeles Angels. Lowe was out of the lineup for Friday's game, a 6-2 loss to the Toronto Blue Jays.

The Rays could also be without star outfielder Randy Arozarena, who was removed from Friday's game with groin soreness in the fourth inning. He is listed as day to day, according to Cash, and could be available for Saturday's game off the bench.

EDITOR'S PICKS
Top prospect Caminero 'bit in shock' after call-up
1y

Tampa Bay center fielder Jose Siri missed his 10th straight game with a broken right hand while another outfielder, Luke Raley, was placed on the 10-day injured list before the game due to a cervical strain.

Lowe was placed on the 10-day injured list Saturday, with the Rays selecting the contract of outfielder Raimel Tapia from Triple-A Durham. To make room on the the 40-man roster for Tapia, right-hander Calvin Faucher was recalled from Durham and placed on the 60-day IL due to right biceps tendinitis.

Reliever Jason Adam also departed Friday's game with a left oblique injury and was placed on the 15-day IL on Saturday. Right-hander Chris Devenski was recalled from Durham.

The Rays have already clinched a playoff berth but are in the midst of a battle with the Baltimore Orioles for the American League East. The first wild-card game is slated for Oct. 3 with the ALDS kicking off Oct. 7.

"There's a lot to be excited about with this club that we've done just a tremendous job of being resilient," Cash said, "We'll be as tested as ever now with some of the guys that were losing."

Lowe, 29, is hitting .231 with 21 home runs and 68 RBIs this season.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyInterest-Based Ads
© ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/story/_/id/38465463/rays-2b-brandon-lowe-4-6-weeks-knee-injury 
 ----- 
