NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Rays lose Arozarena, Adam to injury, get bad news on Lowe
Sportsnet Staff
@Sportsnet
September 22, 2023 - 9:54pm
Tampa Bay Rays' Randy Arozarena scores on an RBI single by Harold Ramirez off Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Chris Bassitt during the first inning of a baseball game Friday, Sept. 22, 2023, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (Chris O'Meara/AP Photo)
12 comments

The Tampa Bay Rays removed star outfielder Randy Arozarena from Friday night's game against the Toronto Blue Jays in the fifth inning because of right quad tightness.

Per Marc Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times, manager Kevin Cash told reporters after the team's loss that Arozarena is day to day.

The 2023 all-star is hitting .255/.363/.427 with 23 homers, 83 RBIs and 22 stolen bases this year.

In the ninth inning, reliever Jason Adam called for a trainer and exited the game after throwing a pitch in his first game since returning from an oblique strain.

Adam told Topkin the injury feels worse than the previous strain and he'll be going for an MRI.

Adam has a 2.82 ERA in 56 appearances this season.

Meanwhile, Cash said second baseman Brandon Lowe is out four to six weeks with a right patella fracture. He was hurt Thursday in a win against the Los Angeles Angels.

The Rays have been hit hard by injuries all year.

Outfielders Luke Raley and Jose Siri both are on the injured list.

At triple-A, the Rays' Durham affiliate pulled former Blue Jays outfielder Raimel Tapia in the third inning on Friday -- a sign he could be on the way up.

The Rays also have lost four members of their season-opening starting rotation to injury and do not have star shortstop Wander Franco, who is on administrative leave while Dominican authorities investigate alleged relationships with minors.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Blue Jays find a way to get to Rays’ Glasnow, notch key win
Blue Jays prospect Tiedemann strikes out six during debut with triple-A Buffalo
MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/rays-arozarena-exits-game-vs-blue-jays-with-right-quad-tightness/ 
 ----- 
