MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
UNITED STATES
With many USMNT regulars missing, opportunity knocks for reserves vs. Canada
Updated Sep. 6, 2024 2:24 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Doug McIntyre
SOCCER JOURNALIST

Moments of change are inflection points often accompanied by opportunity, and it's no different for players on the fringes of the U.S. men's national team.

Entrenched starters like star winger and captain Christian Pulisic will continue to occupy a leading role when and if Mauricio Pochettio is (finally) introduced as the program's new head coach. But Pulisic and other automatic starters like midfielder Weston McKennie, left back Antonee "Jedi" Robinson and forward Tim Weah are outliers.  With less than two years to go until the U.S. co-hosts the 2026 World Cup with Canada and Mexico, about as many lineup spots are up for grabs as there aren't.

United States
1
FINAL
2
Canada
CAN +282 OVER 2.5

That's even more true for the squad that interim boss Mikey Varas will lead into Saturday's friendly with Canada in Kansas City, Kansas. Robinson (rest) and McKennie (fitness) remained with their European clubs this month, while Weah and two other usual locks, midfielder Tyler Adams and left back Sergiño Dest, are unavailable because of injuries. Same for playmaker Gio Reyna, who hurt his left groin during USMNT training on Wednesday and has since returned to Germany's Borussia Dortmund to begin rehabilitation. 

ADVERTISEMENT

There is no shortage of candidates vying to fill those holes all over the field, though. And there's no bigger opening this month than in the midfield, with all three starters from this summer's Copa América debacle (Adams, McKennie and Reyna) absent. 

"I haven't really been with this group a whole lot, so it's been cool seeing some new faces and integrating myself," said two-way midfielder Aidan Morris, who is off to a flying start with English second tier side Middlesbrough, which he joined earlier this summer after leading the Columbus Crew to a pair of MLS Cup titles.

Yunus Musah and Johnny Cardoso, used mostly as reserves during the Copa under former coach Gregg Berhalter, are probably next in line for the nod against the Canadians. With Adams and McKennie both missing, Morris could join them.

"Whether those two guys are here, I hope to get an opportunity down the road as well," Morris, 22, told reporters on Thursday. "But I'll do my best to show myself and be the best version of myself."

Mark McKenzie was summoned to camp regularly under Berhalter. But the 25-year-old center back has featured sparingly for his country since making his senior international debut four years ago. He wasn't among the 26 players selected for the 2022 World Cup squad.

Learn How To Write Faster for Work (Find Out Now)
Harness the power of generative AI to get high-quality drafts and optimize team productivity.
Grammarly|Sponsored
Pete Carroll reportedly eyeing return to coaching, targeting Bears
Former Super Bowl champion Pete Carroll is looking to return to coaching in 2025 and is reportedly eyeing the Bears' vacancy.
年菜早鳥好評最後一波【全館滿$2988現折$200】，早鳥福利只到1/3 11:00 現在下訂，年前到貨！
越早買越划算，趕緊囤貨迎新年！再享年菜自由配95折，手刀搶購別錯過！
老協珍|Sponsored
Tom Brady picks his Super Bowl favorite a few weeks before NFL playoffs start
Tom Brady knows most of all how the postseason differs from the regular season —and who is built to win.
Andy Reid dons Santa suit to deliver perfect present to Chiefs' locker room
After the Chiefs' Christmas Day win over the Steelers, head coach Andy Reid was in a festive spirit.

McKenzie also just switched day jobs, moving from Belgian side Genk to Toulouse in France on Aug 30. He's hoping the jump in competition in Ligue 1 — a competition Pochettino won in 2022 while in charge of Paris Saint-Germain — will help him finally entrench himself in the USMNT's first-choice XI. "I was in Belgium for three years; naturally you get to a point where maybe you want a new challenge," he said. "Stepping into a club like Toulouse, it's a step up."

Who on USMNT will benefit most playing for Mauricio Pochettino?

Meantime, Varas has to weigh looking at new or different options while also delivering results. Though Saturday's contest, and another on Tuesday against New Zealand, are exhibitions, the pressure is real after the USMNT's embarrassing group stage elimination from the Copa in July — a failure that cost Berhalter his job.

"We need to win," Varas said during Friday's pre-match press conference. "We all know that Copa América wasn't good enough."

Striking the right balance seems tricky. Varas insisted that it's not all that complicated.

"Players will have to earn that opportunity," he said. "If they don't earn it, they will not just be given it.

"This is the men's national team, it's the highest level for soccer in our country, the highest standard," continued Varas, who coached the U.S. under-20 squad at last year's U-20 World Cup in Argentina and then served as an assistant to Berhalter.  "So the balance is providing them opportunities to come in and compete, and giving them a fair shot. And that's all they all want. They want transparency, and they want a fair shot at it. And then at the end of the day it's up to them."

For a pair of September friendlies under an interim coach, the stakes are higher than they might appear at first glance. 

"Ultimately, it's an opportunity to represent your country," McKenzie said. "Each opportunity you get to do that, you don't take for granted."

Doug McIntyre is a soccer reporter for FOX Sports. He was a staff writer with ESPN and Yahoo Sports before joining FOX Sports in 2021, and he has covered United States men's and women's national teams at FIFA World Cups on five continents. Follow him @ByDougMcIntyre.

SHARE
Get more from United States
Follow your favorites to get information about games, news and more
IN THIS TOPIC
FIFA Men's World Cup
United States
FRIENDLY - United States vs. Canada - 09/07/2024
Aidan Morris
Yunus Musah
Johnny Cardoso
Mark McKenzie
Doug McIntyre
SPONSORED CONTENT
Discover how to go from draft to done in a few clicks—not a few...
Make your first draft your final draft. Grammarly helps you write, revise,...
Grammarly
|
Sponsored
Install Now
南港新灣區 發現最強新資產
 440公頃東區門戶新主場，水岸第一排，近6000坪全街廓開發新聚落，18-38坪國際菁英御邸
東方大境
|
Sponsored
了解更多
請支持綠色和平海洋減塑捐款計畫
 你知道嗎？每分鐘有一卡車的塑膠垃圾流入大海，造成無數的生物危害➤終結塑膠污染，還給你我一個乾淨的地球！
財團法人綠色和平基金會
|
Sponsored
立即捐款
安達人壽安心護眼 定期眼睛險
 關燈滑手機?!無法改掉的習慣，需要安心護眼4大常見特定眼疾醫療，為眼睛預備一份保障
安達人壽
|
Sponsored
獲取報價
網路投保駕駛人傷害險享82折優惠
 肉包鐵的騎士享受方便快速時，不要忘了投保「駕駛人傷害險」，特別是自摔強制險可是不賠的唷!
新安東京海上產險
|
Sponsored
立即選購
安達人壽安心抗癌 定期癌症險
 午飯搭熱湯會溶出塑化劑！正面對抗罹癌風險，靈活加保，強化現有醫療保單
安達人壽
|
Sponsored
了解更多
找到命定床墊！『德泰彈簧床』重返最合拍的睡眠狀態～
 感受最適合自己的好眠，不僅精神佳、生活狀態更好！獨特職人工藝，打造軟硬適中、親膚品質，快來店體驗。
德泰彈簧床
|
Sponsored
立即試用
汽車任意險享18%OFF
 開車最怕追撞別人，推撞到一台超跑荷包馬上被榨乾，投保時別忘了加上第三人責任險與超額責任險！
新安東京海上產險
|
Sponsored
立即選購
燃燒的森林、哀號的地球➤你，願意成為希望的種子嗎？
 你知道嗎？澳洲政府砍伐森林，竟是為了畜養肉牛！世界各地的綠色肺腑正遭無情火焰蹂躪，生命在煙硝中悄悄凋零…你的一份捐款，可以點燃希望，重建生命的脈動✦立即行動！
財團法人綠色和平基金會
|
Sponsored
立即捐款
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night long.
You will never turn off your computer again.
CombatSiege
|
Sponsored
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
2024 NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2024 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2024 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/stories/soccer/usmnt-regulars-missing-opportunity-knocks-reserves-vs-canada 
 ----- 
