We value your privacy

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Search for:
 
FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
FEMININE ZONE
OTHER SPORTS
1 year |
All African countries, At a glance, Football
21 November 2023
World Cup 2026 (Q): Rwanda, Tunisia and Burkina Faso win as Guinea held to a draw
World Cup 2026 (Q): Rwanda, Tunisia and Burkina Faso win as Guinea held to a draw

It was a low-scoring afternoon in these 2026 World Cup qualifiers. 4 of the 7 matches ended in goalless draws. Rwanda, however, put in a fine performance to beat South Africa (2-0).

Rwanda scored a fine victory in the 2026 World Cup qualifiers. The Amavubis beat South Africa at home in Group C. It all came down to the first half. The Rwandans were very dangerous from the outset. It didn't take them long to score as Innocent Nshuti opened the scoring in the 12th minute. Gilbert Mugisha doubled the lead a few minutes later (28th) and the score remained unchanged. A fine performance by Rwanda, who are currently top of the group ahead of Nigeria.

In the same pool, Benin picked up their first point. The Cheetahs were forced to draw with Lesotho (0-0). The Beninese are bottom of the group with just one point.

Tunisia win by the skin of their teeth

After a comprehensive 4-0 victory over Sao Tomé and Principe, Tunisia came up against the Flames of Malawi. The latter resisted the onslaught of the Carthage Eagles. However, they succumbed at the very end of the match, conceding a penalty. Youssef Msakni converted it to score his second goal of the 2026 World Cup qualifiers. The result was Tunisia's second victory in Group H. They now lead the group, level on points with Equatorial Guinea (6 pts).

Guinea held, Burkina Faso revive

Held to a draw in their first match, Burkina Faso are back on track in Group A of the 2026 World Cup qualifiers. The Stallions came out on top against Ethiopia. The match was decided in the final minutes. Blati Touré opened the scoring in the 69th minute.Bertrand Traoré doubled the lead from the penalty spot in the 78th minute.  Dango Ouattara made the breakthrough at the very end of the match (90th).

Guinea, victorious in their first match in the group, were unable to overcome Botswana in Group G. The two teams played out a goalless draw (0-0). Algeria are alone at the top of the group with six points. The Syli are in third place. Uganda, for their part, notched up their first victory. The Cranes beat Somalia by the narrowest of margins. Rogers Mato scored the only goal of the match (4th).

Author
Philémon

View all posts 

SNA tells you more!

No recommendation
 Vues : 143
Recommandé pour vous
Recommandé par
SNA FLASH NEWS
8 months | At a glance, Football : FIFA orders Gabon to pay Patrice Neveu 500,000 euros
8 months | At a glance, DR Congo : Congo Cup: TP Mazembe disqualified!
8 months | At a glance, Basketball : NBA - Philadelphia: 76ers unveil their plans for Joel Embiid
8 months | At a glance, Football : Football - Mali: Firmin Sanou is AS Real Bamako's new coach
8 months | All African countries, At a glance : Ligue 1: Mounier and Camara take part in Brest's extraordinary win at Rennes Brest
8 months | At a glance, Côte d’Ivoire : Serie A: Evan Ndicka returns as Roma hold off Napoli
> MORE FLASH NEWS
MERCATO
2 years | Kalidou Koulibaly: Accord between Napoli and Chelsea
3 years | Napoli: Osimhen in Real Madrid's sights
3 years | Turkey: Stephane Mbia signs for a second division club
3 years | Standard Liege: Jackson Muleka loaned to Kasimpasa
3 years | Aston Villa: Trézéguet loaned to Turkey until the end of the season
> MORE MERCATO
IT`S MOVING ON THE NETWORKS
Tweets by snewsafrica
SPORTNEWSAFRICA,
THE REFERENCE FOR SPORT IN AFRICA
About us
Contact
Legal notice
Privacy policy
ALL SPORTS
Football
Basketball
Athletics
Feminine zone
Other sports
E SPORT
KONGOSSA
ARCHIVES
FOLLOW US ON :
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportnewsafrica.com/en/at-a-glance/world-cup-2026-q-rwanda-tunisia-and-burkina-faso-win-as-guinea-held-to-a-draw/ 
 ----- 
