We value your privacy

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Skip to content
Menu
Home
News
S/Leone Premier League
Players Abroad
African News
National Football
FSL Media Images
Category: Football Africa
Burkina Faso wallop Ethiopia to go second behind Egypt

The Les Étalons of Burkina Faso recorded their first win in the 2026 World Cup qualifier over Ethiopia Walias on Tuesday in Morocco. All three goals were scored in the second half at El Jadida, Morocco, to claim up to second behind Egypt. The Burkinabess opened the scoring in the 69th minute through a Blati Touré (Burkina […]

Cote d’Ivoire’s perfect start as Liberia suffer second defeat

2023 Africa Cup of Nations host Cote d’Ivoire recorded a second straight win in their 2026 World Cup qualifying after beating the Gambia 2-0 on Monday to maintain their 100 per cent record. Christian Kouame and Seko Fofana scored the goals for the Elephant in Dar es Salaam at the Benjamin Mkapa National Stadium, where […]

Nine-man Sierra Leone suffer 2-0 defeat to Egypt

Mahmoud Trezeguet scored a brace as Egypt dislodged nine-man Sierra Leone in match day two of the 2026 World Cup qualifier in Liberia on Sunday. Coach Amidu Karim started brightly but was unable to take advantage of half-cut chances in the opening minutes of the game at the Samuel Kanyon Doe Sports Stadium. The visitors […]

Sierra Leone with a chance to shine and make world headlines

On Sunday, a win for Sierra Leone will surely make global news as they welcome African giant Egypt for their third meeting in match day two of their 2026 World Cup Group A qualifier in the Liberia capital, Monrovia. Maximum points for the host will be significant as Egypt and Sierra Leone gear up for […]

Blackpool to represent Sierra Leone in ACA Inaugural meeting in Cairo

MIGHTY BLACKPOOL FC Chairman Rodney Michael and Vice Chairman Theophilus Sho Cole will be representing Sierra Leone’s Premier League clubs amongst 54 others from Africa in the newly established African Clubs Association (ACA) in Cairo on the 30th of November, 2023. The invitation from the CAF GENERAL SECRETARY addressed to the Chairman was sent on […]

Ivory Coast thrash Seychelles in World Cup qualifier  

Afcon 2023 host Ivory Coast cruised past Seychelles 9-0 in Abidjan on Friday to create a record winning margin for a World Cup qualifier in Africa in Group F. Goals from Borussia Dortmund forward Sebastien Haller, Ibrahim Sangare, Simon Adingra, Seko Fofana. A brace apiece from Karim Konaté & Hamed Traore. J. Krasso was the other scorer as the home side […]

Ethiopia FA complained to Fifa over fog disruption

Following the goalless draw with Sierra Leone, Ethiopian Football Federation (EFF) has lodged a complaint with the world governing body Fifa over a foggy disruption of their opening World Cup qualifying match.  It’s doubtful a decision will be taken for a replay, but the EFF want a change of time for their next match against […]

Mohamed Salah nets four as Egypt thrash Djibouti

Liverpool striker Mohamed Salah recorded four goals in Egypt’s World Cup qualifying opening 6-0 win at home over Djibouti on Thursday at the Cairo International Stadium. As a result, they go top of Group A ahead of taking on Sierra Leone on Sunday in the Liberian Capital, Monrovia. After today’s four goals, Salah became Egypt’s […]

Ethiopia, Sierra Leone Share Points After Barren Draw under Fog

Ethiopia and Sierra Leone Group A 2026 World Cup opening qualifier ended in goalless (0-0) after a less productive display from both teams. Sierra Leone head coach Amidu Karim handed International debut to Derby County midfielder Tyrese Fornah and Abdulai Jarju Kabia Hapoel Kfar Saba defender at the Stade El Abdi (15.11.2023). There was no […]

Sierra Leone coach Karim positive ahead of Ethiopia opener

GROUP A Egypt Burkina Faso Guinea-Bissau Sierra Leone Ethiopia Djibouti Coach Amidu Karim remains positive as Sierra Leone prepares to launch their 2026 World Cup qualifying campaign against Ethiopia on Wednesday. Karim, who took charge a month ago, will start his Leone Stars reign in the World Cup qualifier against the Walias Ibex at the […]

← Previous
Next →
ABOUT US
Facebook
 
X-twitter
 
Linkedin
 
Instagram
 
Youtube
CONTACT US
SIERRA LEONE CAF PAGE
SIERRA LEONE NATIONAL TEAM PROFILE
SIERRA LEONE FIFA RANKING PAGE
COPYRIGHT 2024 © FOOTBALL SIERRA LEONE | EMAIL: fsl@footballsierraleone.com | TEL +44 7861 141 119
CLICK HERE FOR OLD SIERRA LEONE FOOTBALL WEBSITE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballsierraleone.net/category/uncategorized/page/49/ 
 ----- 
