Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Fry's walk-off showcases growth in rookie campaign
Share
Fry's walk-off showcases growth in rookie campaign
September 23rd, 2023

Mandy Bell

@MandyBell02
Share

0:01

1:12

CLEVELAND -- Back in Spring Training, the Guardians didn’t necessarily know where David Fry fit on this roster. All they knew was that they wanted him to fit.

It was clear from the moment they knew they had to option him to Triple-A Columbus to start the season, but they refused to let him leave big league camp. His defensive versatility was impressive and allowed them to use him all over the field to continue to get at-bats in Cactus League games. But when Spring Training came to an end, Fry had to join the Minor League roster.

It took all of a month before the Guardians needed a versatile player like Fry and since then, he’s proven that he’s earned his spot on the Major League roster. Delivering his second walk-off hit in Cleveland's 9-8 victory over Baltimore on Friday at Progressive Field was the icing on the cake for his impressive 2023 campaign.

Even though the Guardians bounced back and took the win after closer Emmanuel Clase blew his 12th save of the season in the top of the ninth, the team was officially eliminated from postseason contention, as the Twins defeated the Angels to clinch the AL Central title. But that doesn’t mean Cleveland can’t take advantage of these final games to build for 2024. And Fry has forced himself into the picture for next season.

Related
Guardians avoid arb, lock up Kwan and Thomas for 2025

January 9th, 2025

Who will snag Guardians' No. 5 starter spot?

January 8th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Ohtani's epic 50-50 game leads list of Capital One Plays of the Year

December 31st, 2024

Fry undergoes elbow procedure, will miss Opening Day

November 4th, 2024

Here were the top 10 moments of an epic postseason

November 1st, 2024

A utility role is usually filled by a veteran -- one who has experience getting inconsistent playing time and has learned how to stay ready no matter what the situation is. Instead, the Guardians relied on Fry, who made his MLB debut on May 1, to fill that role.

He’s played first, third, catcher, right field, left field, and he’s been Cleveland’s emergency reliever in two different blowouts this season to save the bullpen.

“It’s been a lot, but our coaching staff is so good,” Fry said. “And the hitting coaches, when you’re not getting a lot of at-bats, they do a great job of keeping you prepared and making sure you’re ready so when you do get called in, you’re ready to go.”

Fry's .232 average or .713 OPS may not be the most attention-grabbing on the roster, but he’s been one of the most reliable hitters in the lineup when it matters most. He's hitting .320 with a 1.113 OPS with runners in scoring position. Entering the day, his OPS in late and close situations was .932.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Fry added another big hit in a late and close situation on Friday after coming into the game in the fifth to replace catcher Bo Naylor (right thumb bruise).

The Guardians had just gone down by one run in the top of the ninth and Andrés Giménez led off the bottom half of the frame with a double. Gabriel Arias moved him to third with a groundout to second and Will Brennan, who had a go-ahead RBI single in the seventh, was intentionally walked to get to Fry.

“They want to set up a double play and Will already had a huge hit earlier in the game and they don’t want to pitch to him,” Fry said. “Yeah, you take [the intentional walk] personally, but you just got to stay within your approach and try to get a hit.”

Fry took the first pitch he saw from Orioles reliever Yennier Cano and sent it off the left-center-field wall to score two runs, and a herd of his teammates chased him down at second base to celebrate.

“And that’s not an easy thing to do -- to go in and catch,” Guardians manager Terry Francona said. “For him to get that hit, that was terrific.”

What the Guardians have seen of Fry this season has all but guaranteed him a spot on the 2024 roster. It was clear in Spring Training when Francona took every chance he could to rave about the potential Fry could have that there was hope this was the player he could become.

Over the summer, Francona realized that Fry was becoming just that and pulled him aside for a conversation.

“I was like, 'David, think about where you’ve been in your career and where you are now,'” Francona recalled. “He’s kind of carving out a nice little niche for himself. Guy’s gonna have a pretty good career like that.

“I’m surprised it took this long, but guys mature at different times. Maybe he didn’t get a chance before. But he’s made the most of it.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians
David Fry

Mandy Bell covers the Guardians for MLB.com. Listen to her on the Ballpark Dimensions podcast with Sarah Langs.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:15 PM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/david-fry-hits-walk-off-two-run-double-in-guardians-win-vs-orioles 
 ----- 
