MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Poole scores 30 as Wizards beat Bulls 125-107
Updated Jan. 1, 2025 9:43 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

WASHINGTON (AP) — Jordan Poole scored 30 points to continue his strongest stretch in a Washington uniform as the Wizards beat the Chicago Bulls 125-107 on Wednesday night.

Poole — who joined Washington from Golden State prior to the 2023-24 season — made six 3-pointers and topped 25 points for a fifth straight game, the first such stretch of his career.

Rookie Alex Sarr added 11 points and 10 rebounds as one of seven players in double figures to help the last-place Wizards to their largest win of the season.

Zach LaVine scored 32 points for the Bulls after he sat out Monday's win in Charlotte with toe soreness. Coby White added 17 points, and Nikola Vucevic had 12 points and 13 rebounds for Chicago, which committed 20 turnovers and trailed throughout the final three quarters.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link
Takeaways

Bulls: They missed a crucial opportunity to pull within two games of .500 for just the second time since losing to Cleveland on Nov. 15. But after falling to 15-19, Chicago plays seven of its next eight at home.

Wizards: They're still last in the Eastern Conference at 6-25 but have been playing far more competitive basketball. That's particularly true at home, where Washington is 4-6 since the start of December.

Key moment

Washington effectively sealed the outcome with a 7-0 run early in the fourth to build a 20-point lead, their biggest of the night. Rookie Kyshawn George hit his lone 3-pointer of the night to open the spurt, then completed it with a steal and dunk that made it 104-84.

Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
2024 NFL Wild Card picks, predictions: Back Russell Wilson Under passing yards
Geoff Schwartz is back with his best bets for Wild Card Weekend. Find out why he's backing the Bucs to cover the first half and how he's wagering on Russell...
Key stat

The Bulls finished 29.8% (14 of 47) from 3-point range, well below their 37.2% average entering Wednesday.

Up Next

Wizards visit New Orleans on Friday and Bulls host New York on Saturday.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans All-Star Brandon Ingram
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans star Zion Williamson
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Washington Wizards
Jordan Poole
National Basketball Association
Nikola Vucevic
Coby White
Zach LaVine
Jordan Poole
Chicago Bulls
Washington Wizards
NBA - Chicago Bulls vs. Washington Wizards - 01/02/2025
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/poole-scores-30-as-wizards-beat-bulls-125107 
 ----- 
