Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Ja Morant Makes Memphis Grizzlies History vs. Orlando Magic
Memphis Grizzlies star Ja Morant had an incredible achievement vs. the Orlando Magic.
Joey Linn | Oct 27, 2024
Memphis Grizzlies guard Ja Morant (12) dribbles during the second half against the Orlando Magic at FedExForum. / Petre Thomas-Imagn Images
In this story:
Memphis Grizzlies
Orlando Magic

The Memphis Grizzlies improved to 2-1 on the NBA season with their win over the Orlando Magic on Saturday night. Star point guard Ja Morant was listed as questionable on the injury report entering this game with right thigh soreness, but ended up playing 25 minutes in the win.

While Morant converted on just four of his 12 field goal attempts, missing all six of his three-pointers, he tallied 16 points and 10 assists in the win. This performance from Morant made Grizzlies history, as he recorded his 60th career point-assist double-double.

Via Grizzlies PR: “Ja Morant (16 points, 10 assists) recorded his 60th career point-assist double-double in tonight’s win over Orlando. That ties the @memgrizz franchise record also held by Mike Conley.”

Conley is a Grizzlies legend. The 37-year-old point guard spent 12 years in Memphis, appearing in 788 games. In his 12 seasons with the Grizzlies, Conley averaged 14.9 points 5.7 assists.

It took Morant just 260 career games to tie Conley on this exclusive list, making the accomplishment even more impressive.

The Grizzlies will host the Chicago Bulls on Monday night in their next game, as they look to move to 3-1 on the season. After an injury-plagued season a year ago, Memphis has their sights set on reentering the Western Conference playoff picture.

Related Articles

Ja Morant Excites Memphis Grizzlies Fans in Latest Workout Footage

Eight-Year NBA Veteran, Ex-Grizzlies Player Joins New Team in Portugal

Ja Morant Reacts to Viral LeBron James and Steph Curry Moment in USA-France

Published Oct 27, 2024
JOEY LINN

Title: Credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation Email: joeylinn52@gmail.com Education: Communication Studies degree from Biola University Location: Los Angeles, California Expertise: NBA analysis and reporting Experience: Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/grizzlies/news/ja-morant-makes-memphis-grizzlies-history-vs-orlando-magic-01jb62dg44ns 
 ----- 
