Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
Rumors
History
Prospects
Merch
Write for us!
About
FanSided MLB Sites
Follow Us
5 teams Reds fans should be rooting for during the final week of the 2023 season

The Cincinnati Reds will need some help from some unlikely sources this week.

By
Drew Koch
|
Sep 26, 2023
Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Christian Yelich | Michael Reaves/GettyImages
Prev
1 of 3
Next

If the Cincinnati Reds are to make to the playoffs this season, they're going to need some help. The Reds are sitting on the outside looking in at the moment with a record of 80-77.

Cincinnati has to take care of their own business against the Cleveland Guardians and St. Louis Cardinals this week, but but in order to make their postseason dreams a reality, David Bell's squad will need a few other teams to knock off their rivals.

The Arizona Diamondbacks, Miami Marlins, and Chicago Cubs all sit above Cincinnati in the standings as play begins on Tuesday. So who should Reds fans be cheering for this week?

Reds fans should be rooting Dusty Baker's Astros this week.

Reds fans have probably been so fixated on the race for the NL Wild Card that they've paid little attention to what's going on in the American League. What if I told you that, at the moment, the Houston Astros are clinging to a half-game lead in the AL Wild Card with six games to go.

Better yet, did you know that Seattle Mariners own the tiebreaker over the Astros and host the defending World Champions for three games this week? Dusty Baker's squad is in trouble and they're going to need every game down the stretch.

That's good news for the Cincinnati Reds, because the Astros travel to the desert later this week to battle the Arizona Diamondbacks. The D-backs a hold slight edge in the NL Wild Card, and with the head-to-head advantage over the Chicago Cubs, own the tiebreaker over David Ross' team.

But the Reds have the head-to-head advantage over the Diamondbacks, meaning if Cincinnati and Arizona have identical records at the end of the year, the tiebreaker goes to the Redlegs. Fans of the Cincinnati Reds should be cheering on the club's former manager and the Houston Astros this weekend.

Next
Home/Reds News
Schedule
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
Mobile Apps
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://blogredmachine.com/posts/reds-5-teams-fans-should-be-rooting-during-final-week-2023-season 
 ----- 
