 
1 weather alerts 1 closing/delay
 Watch Now
1 weather alerts 1 closing/delay

Menu

 Watch Now
×
Search site
Go
Stream News 5
Weather
Ohio Lottery Results
Academic Challenge
Pet Of The Week
About Us
Advertise with News 5
News
News 5 User Guide
News by County
Traffic
Sports
We Follow Through
Let's Go NEO
Investigations
Politics
Money
Entertainment
Best of Class 2024
Videos
Spotlight 5
Mark's Garden
Watch Cash Explosion
Sign In
Newsletters
Apps
Careers Search
Browns How to watch the Browns game Guardians Cavaliers Ohio State Next Man Up
CLEVELAND GUARDIANS
  
Francona's beloved scooter stolen, stripped as Cleveland's manager gets ready to say goodbye to game
Photo by: Sue Ogrocki/AP
Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona stands for the national anthem before the team's baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)
By: Associated Press
Posted 9:33 PM, Sep 27, 2023 and last updated 9:38 AM, Sep 28, 2023

(AP) — Terry Francona won't be riding off on his beloved scooter after all.

Just hours before his final home game as Cleveland's manager, Francona revealed that the motorized scooter he has ridden to and from Progressive Field for the past several seasons was stolen for the second time.

“The hog has been officially put on ice,” Francona said before Wednesday night's game against the Cincinnati Reds. “It got stolen again, but this time they stripped it.”

Francona said the two-wheeled vehicle was taken about 10 days ago. It was stolen in January but recovered by police.

“Been in mourning,” he said. “They got it in the clubhouse under a blanket. Looks like they took a baseball bat to it."

The 64-year-old rented an electric scooter over the weekend, but the ride wasn't the same. He hit a pothole and crashed.

“I went over the handlebars,” he said, “I mean over. It’s amazing how much you can see of your life in that moment.”

Jokes aside, and it’s fitting Francona’s finale includes some one-liners, the last home game in 2023 is a bittersweet celebration as the Guardians honor the winningest manager in their club’s 123-year history.

Although he hasn't officially announced his retirement, Francona is expected to do so formally early next week.

“The worst kept secret ever,” Francona joked Tuesday.

Francona didn’t want a special ceremony for his final home game, but he relented to the team handing out 20,000 “Thank You Tito” T-shirts. There will also be a video tribute to Francona played on the scoreboard shortly before the first pitch.

“The most frustrating part is I can’t wear the T-shirt because it’s me,” Francona joked. “I mean, it’s a nice T-shirt. I love it when we get free stuff, but I can’t wear it.”

Francona has battled serious health issues in recent years and wants to move on before the game beats him up further.

It's time.

“It got harder,” he said. “That’s why I’m going to shut it down. ... I’m going to go get my body patched up again for about the 80th time, and I’m going to try to go get healthy, and I’m in no rush.”

Francona insisted upon keeping the spotlight on his players during the season's final month and spoke with them Tuesday, so they weren't caught off-guard by anything in their final days together.

“I just wanted to thank them,” he said. “I told them in spring training it’s an honor for me to stand up in front of them and go through not just the good but the difficult, and I wanted everybody in that room to know that I felt like it was an honor of a lifetime to be here for 11 years.”

He's been a beloved figure in Cleveland.

Francona's teams were always in the playoff hunt despite having one of baseball's lowest payrolls. In 2016, the team came within one swing of winning their first World Series since 1948 before losing in seven games to the Chicago Cubs.

Francona said his run in Cleveland was everything he hoped. However, this season felt different for many reasons, and he spoke to team president Chris Antonetti and general manager Mike Chernoff about his future to give them time to begin a search for his successor.

He won't give input on Cleveland's next manager.

"I don’t think that’s fair,” he said. “For 11 years, I’ve been doing this the way I think is right. I don’t think that’s fair to them or to the next person to try to put my stamp on it. There might be somebody comes in completely 180 degrees different, and it might be better. That’s the beauty of our game.”

It won't be easy to replace Francona, who played 10 seasons before beginning his managerial career with Philadelphia in 1997.

The Guardians will finish their season in Detroit with a three-game series starting Friday.

Copyright 2023 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sign up for What Happened Now? - a daily email newsletter spotlighting the top news in the Cleveland area each day.
CURATION BY
Click here for stories we’ve followed through on and to submit your ideas.
Northeast Ohio Traffic
 
News
 
Consumer
 
Sports
 
Entertainment
 
Life
 
Video
 
Marketplace
 
Don't Waste Your Money
 
Support
Sitemap
 
Privacy Policy
 
Privacy Center
 
Journalism Ethics Guidelines
 
Terms of Use
 
EEO
 
Careers
 
FCC Public Files
 
FCC Application
 
Public File Contact
 
Accessibility Statement
 
Scripps Media Trust Center
 
Closed Captioning Contact
News5Cleveland
 
WEWS
Scripps Local Media
© 2025 Scripps Media, Inc
Give Light and the People Will Find Their Own Way

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.news5cleveland.com/sports/cleveland-guardians/franconas-beloved-scooter-stolen-stripped-as-clevelands-manager-gets-ready-to-say-goodbye-to-game 
 ----- 
