Skip to content
Baseball
	
Judge helps Yankees hammer Jays 6-0; Toronto waits another day to clinch playoff spot
TORONTO — The best pitcher in the American League put the Toronto Blue Jays' playoff hopes on hold, at least for another day.
Sep 27, 2023 8:54 PM Read more >
	
Diamondbacks move closer to wild card, beat White Sox 3-0 behind Pfaadt and Carroll
CHICAGO (AP) — Rookie Brandon Pfaadt pitched shutout ball for the second time in three starts, and the Arizona Diamondbacks moved closer to an NL wild card berth by beating the Chicago White Sox 3-0 Wednesday for their eighth win in 10 games.
Sep 27, 2023 8:38 PM Read more >
	
Guardians give manager Terry Francona perfect send-off in his final home game, 4-3 win over Reds
CLEVELAND (AP) — As the Cleveland crowd chanted for him like never before, Terry Francona tipped his cap to salute their 11 years together. This was goodbye. A perfect send-off.
Sep 27, 2023 8:37 PM Read more >
	
Bryce Harper homers in the 7th inning and leads the playoff-bound Phillies past the Pirates 7-6
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Garrett Stubbs still stripped one strap down on his powder blue Phillies overalls at his locker, just as he did 24 hours earlier when he hosted a hoedown inside a booze-soaked clubhouse.
Sep 27, 2023 8:34 PM Read more >
	
Francona's beloved scooter stolen, stripped as Cleveland's manager gets ready to say goodbye to game
CLEVELAND (AP) — Terry Francona made it to the home finale, his last managing the Guardians before retirement. His beloved scooter didn't get there.
Sep 27, 2023 8:20 PM Read more >
	
Orioles lower their magic number in the AL East to 1 with a 5-1 victory over the Nationals
BALTIMORE (AP) — Sixteen months after his arrival marked a turning point for the Baltimore Orioles, Adley Rutschman and his team are one victory from a division title.
Sep 27, 2023 8:15 PM Read more >
	
The Phillies are again embracing 'Dancing On My Own' as their postseason party anthem
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Bryce Harper rushed to the field with his Phillies teammates Tuesday night, ready to kickstart another postseason clinching bash. But Harper — and all the Phillies — needed to hear the song to believe the playoff berth was real.
Sep 27, 2023 8:02 PM Read more >
	
Cabrera hits 511th homer as Tigers lead Royals 4-0 in a game suspended until Thursday by rain
DETROIT (AP) — Miguel Cabrera hit his 511th home run to help the Detroit Tigers take a 4-0 lead over the Kansas City Royals in a game that was suspended by rain after four innings on Wednesday night.
Sep 27, 2023 7:57 PM Read more >
	
Mets owner Steve Cohen apologizes to Marlins for soggy field that forced doubleheader
NEW YORK (AP) — The sloppy field that caused a costly postponement for the Miami Marlins left the New York Mets all wet.
Sep 27, 2023 5:43 PM Read more >
	
Alex Cora says he will be back with Red Sox in 2024. But in what role?
BOSTON (AP) — Boston Red Sox manager Alex Cora said definitively on Wednesday he will be back with the team next year but didn’t say in what position or even how he could be so sure.
Sep 27, 2023 3:58 PM Read more >
<<
 
<
 
951
 
952
 
953
 
954
 
955
 
956
 
>
 
>>
LATEST POLL
Should Canada become the 51st state of the U.S.?
view related story
 Hell no!
 No
 No, but we need to listen to Trump on border issues and defence
 Maybe
 Yes

Vote Results > Archives >

 
News
#JasperStrong
Local News
Local Sports
Athabasca News
Barrhead News
Westlock News
Alberta News
Alberta Sports
Indigenous Alberta
National News
National Sports
Beyond Local
Opinion
National Business
Local Business
Climate
National Entertainment
Features
Spotlight
Contests
Road Report
Lowest Gas Prices
Athabasca Advocate E-Edition
Barrhead Leader E-Edition
Westlock News E-Edition
Dear Abby
Horoscopes
Best of Town&Country Readers' Choice Awards
Cool Winter Guide
PLAY: The Great Alberta Hockey Pool
Obits
Obituaries
In Memoriam
Events
View Events
- Submit an Event
- Advertise in Calendar
Discover
Shop Local: Business Directory
Pets
Restaurants
Classifieds: All Listings
- Post an Ad
- My Ads
- My Account
Auctions
Garage Sales
Special Occasions
Auctions
Eats
All Restaurants
Barbecue
Breakfast
Delivery
Diner
Greek
Lunch
Sandwiches & Soup
Seafood
Steakhouse
Sushi
Jobs
Public Notices
General Notices
Legal Notices
Municipal Notices
Provincial Notices
Connect
About Us
Contact Us
Sign Up for our FREE Newsletters
Sign up for notifications
Advertising
Great West Digital Agency
Make Us Your Home Page
Athabasca Advocate on X
Athabasca Advocate on Threads
Athabasca Advocate on LinkedIN
Barrhead Leader on X
Westlock News on X
TownandCountryTODAY on Threads
About
About Us
Advertising
Community Guidelines
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Visit our network of sites:
Airdrie City View/Rocky View Weekly
Cochrane Eagle
Jasper Fitzhugh
LakelandTODAY.ca
Rocky Mountain Outlook
St. Albert Gazette
The Albertan
TownandCountryTODAY.com
Western Wheel

© 2025 TownAndCountryToday.com

×
Be the first to read breaking stories. Enable push notifications on your device. Disable anytime.
No thanks Subscribe

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.townandcountrytoday.com/baseball?page=953 
 ----- 
