Skip to main content
Home
News
Sports
Culture
Housing
Close
DONATE
ALERT
Former Oklahoma point guard Trae Young hits game-winner half-court shot
Jan 8, 2025 Updated Jan 8, 2025  
 1 min to read
Tanner Frank

Reporter

Follow Tanner Frank

Former OU basketball player Trae Young plays for the Atlanta Hawks in their game against the Oklahoma City Thunder on March 30.

Trey Young/The Daily

Former Oklahoma standout Trae Young hit a half-court game-winning 3-pointer to give the Atlanta Hawks a win over the Utah Jazz.

The Atlanta Hawks (19-18) played the Utah Jazz (9-26) on Jan. 7 in a highly competitive game that featured a 35-point performance from the Jazz’s Lauri Markkanen, 24 points from Young.

After a pass was deflected by Atlanta’s Dyson Daniels, Utah’s Collin Sexton retrieved the loose ball and scored a 3-pointer to tie the game at 121 with 2.9 seconds left in regulation. With no timeouts remaining, the Hawks had no choice but to inbound the ball to Young, leading him to attempt a half-court shot to either end the game or miss and send it to overtime.

Known as one of the best 3-point shooters in the league and averaging 34% from beyond the arc this season, Young hopes to lead the Hawks to the playoffs in his seventh year in Atlanta. The Hawks are currently ranked seventh in the Eastern conference.

LATEST SPORTS MULTIMEDIA
PHOTOS: OU women's gymnastics take victory in collegiate quad-meet vs LSU, UCLA and Utah
PHOTOS: Oklahoma Sooners-Navy Midshipmen Armed Forces Bowl gallery
PHOTOS: 2024 sports photos at OU, around Norman
PHOTOS: Oklahoma Sooners-Oral Roberts Golden Eagles women's basketball gallery
PHOTOS: Oklahoma Sooners-Alabama State Hornets women's basketball gallery
NEWSLETTERS
OU and Norman headlines

Breaking + Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday

OU sports headlines

Breaking + Wednesday, Friday, Sunday

	
Sign up
Manage your lists
Tags
Sports Basketball Homepage Sports



Support our independent local journalism

If you've read this far, you are as invested in this city and campus as we are. That's why we are asking you to invest in us.

Since 1916, the Daily has served the Norman and OU communities with free independent local journalism produced by the city's largest reporting staff drawn from one of the nation's top journalism colleges.

OU students pay about $14 in annual fees that help support the Daily. If you find value in our work and are not a student, please consider matching or exceeding that with a one-time or recurring donation. Grassroots support from readers like you can collectively make a transformative difference in our organization.

COMMUNITY SQUARE
© Copyright 2025 OU Daily 860 Van Vleet Oval (Copeland Hall), Room 160, Norman, OK  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.oudaily.com/sports/oudaily/article_02a30bd0-cde7-11ef-90b8-d381a759bf8d.html 
 ----- 
