Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Utah Jazz
PRESENTED BY:
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS & MEDIA
JAZZ+
Community
Arena
Fans
History
Shop
Utah Jazz Fall Short in Defensive Battle Against Heat: Three Takeaways 
Eric Spyropoulos●@EricSpyroNBA
Digital Writer
January 9, 202510:01 PM MST

Each NBA game comes with its own story. 

Just 48 minutes removed from a dramatic, high-scoring game between the Utah Jazz and Atlanta Hawks, Utah hosted the Miami Heat for a defensive battle headlined by cold shooting and turnovers.

In a game that tested the resilience of both squads, Miami ultimately secured a 97-92 road victory in the low-scoring affair.  

“I’m really pleased with the team’s competitiveness and fight,” Jazz head coach Will Hardy said. “I thought we made Miami work really hard for every basket. The spirit of the group was great.” 

Productive starts from Collin Sexton (nine points) and Lauri Markkanen (nine points) helped Utah jump out to an early 10-point lead in the opening quarter. The Jazz offense was varied in the first 12 minutes, with 10 points in the paint and four made 3-pointers. Miami was able to stay within striking distance as a result of a flurry of 3-pointers during the middle stage of the quarter. However, the Heat connected on just 27.3 percent from the field in the first frame, which allowed Utah to take a 27-20 lead into the second quarter. 

The Jazz went cold to open the second frame, going scoreless for nearly four minutes of action as Miami slowly chipped away at the lead. As the struggles continued for Utah, the Heat eventually took the lead late in the first half and went into the break with a 46-41 advantage. The Jazz only scored 14 points on 4-of-20 shooting in the quarter, while the two teams combined for 12 turnovers. 

Miami jumped out of the gates in the third quarter with 5-of-7 shooting to push its lead to 11, the largest of the night up to that point. However, Utah responded with three consecutive 3-pointers and a 9-0 run to nearly erase Miami’s entire lead. The two teams traded baskets in the ensuing minutes, with the Jazz able to narrowly grab a 70-68 lead by the end of the quarter. Markkanen had another nine-point quarter in the third frame to lead Utah’s scoring effort.

Neither team was able to gain a clear advantage in the early moments of the fourth quarter, which resulted in the game being tied at 77 with just over eight minutes remaining. Patty Mills stepped up with a key four-point play and a two-way sequence that involved a steal and alley-oop dish to Drew Eubanks as the Jazz regained the lead. After Walker Kessler tied the game at 86 with a putback after his fifth offensive rebound of the night, Miami got a couple of key-timed baskets down the stretch to escape with the road win. 

“The fight of the group is what we want to see every single night,” Hardy said. “If that thread runs through the whole season, you’ll have more success than not.” 

Here are three takeaways from Thursday’s loss.

Markkanen and Sexton continue to light it up

We’re only nine days into January, but 2025 has been a good year for Collin Sexton.

The 26-year-old guard came into Thursday’s game having averaged 21.5 points and 4.5 assists per game on 47.8 percent shooting from beyond the arc. Although his game-tying 3-pointer against the Hawks wasn’t enough to eventually secure a win, Sexton wasted no time picking up where he left off Thursday night against Miami.

Sexton contributed 15 points and two assists (on 6-of-9 shooting from the field) in the first half, leading a Jazz offense that was otherwise struggling to hit shots. Sexton’s production slowed a bit in the second half (eight points, three assists), but Utah needed all that he could provide Thursday night. 

Meanwhile, Markkanen followed up his 35-point performance against Atlanta with 23 against Miami, with the Finnisher knocking down six 3-pointers Thursday night, a nice encore after Tuesday’s shooting display (eight made 3-pointers). 

Markkanen had nine points in both the first and third quarters, serving as a stabilizing go-to option for Utah’s offense throughout the night. 

Active hands headlined a defensive battle

Thursday’s game certainly wasn’t the most aesthetically pleasing, with both teams often going through extended shooting slumps and struggling to take care of the ball.

Both teams shot below 40 percent from the field and combined for 31 turnovers on the night. Both squads mixed in a variety of defensive coverages throughout the night, from switching pick-and-rolls to going to some zone defense. 

As a team, Utah racked up nine steals and seven blocks, while Miami ended the game with 10 steals and seven blocks. Thursday night’s game was an encouraging effort for a Jazz team that has struggled on the defensive end this season. 

The rookies showed flashes 

Utah’s rookie class certainly made the most of the opportunity Thursday night.

Isaiah Collier got the start with both Keyonte George and Jordan Clarkson out of the lineup and dished out nine assists (to go along with eight points) in his 33 minutes of action. 

“He’s doing a great job at recognizing how to best involve his teammates,” Hardy said. “Isaiah does a good job of not just doing the work physically, he also studies the film. I’ve really enjoyed coaching him, his understanding is a luxury for us.” 

Meanwhile, Cody Williams and Kyle Filipowski showcased their active hands and athleticism on the defensive end throughout the night, with both getting up for highlight-worthy blocks at different points of the game. 

Filipowski contributed four points, 11 rebounds, and two steals Thursday night, while Williams impressed with five points, three steals, and two blocks in his 23 minutes of action. 

Utah is back on the road to face the Phoenix Suns on Saturday (3 p.m. MT, Jazz+).

Tags
Cody Williams
Collin Sexton
Isaiah Collier
Kyle Filipowski
Lauri Markkanen
Utah Jazz
Related Articles
Utah Jazz Fall Short in Defensive Battle Against Heat: Three Takeaways 
Patty Mills Continues to Bring Energy and Insight for the Utah Jazz
Utah Jazz Fall at the Buzzer Against Hawks: Three Takeaways 
Utah Jazz Film Study: Finding the Big Man, Switching Defense, and More 
TICKETS
Salt Lake Summer League
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium Seating
Ticket Offers
Group Tickets
Account Manager
ARENA
Know Before You Go
Jazz FAQ
Delta Center
SEG Privacy Policy
COMMUNITY
Jazz Dancers
Donation Request
Community Ticket Program
Jazz Youth
HISTORY
50 Seasons
All‑Time Players List
Milestones
FRONT OFFICE
Careers
Staff Directory
SHOP
Team Store
Jerseys
Mens
Womens
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/jazz/news/utah-jazz-fall-short-in-defensive-battle-against-heat-three-takeaways 
 ----- 
