TICKETS

SPORT

   

Jason Wan / October 8, 2024

International football happening soon

Republic Of Ireland and Northern Ireland have a packed schedule coming up.

The football calendar is stacked at the tail end of 2024 with plenty of international football happening soon. Check out where and when the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland men, women and under-21 teams are in action.

Republic Of Ireland Fixtures

Republic Of Ireland U21 vs Norway U21 | Turners Cross, Cork | 11 October 2024

Second-placed Republic Of Ireland will look to pull 5 points clear of their Norwegian counterparts, who currently sit in third place, in the quest for UEFA Euro 2025 qualification. Three points in Cork would set up a massive, winner-takes-all showdown with group leaders Italy when the Irish face them in Trieste on 15 October.

Find tickets

Republic Of Ireland WNT vs Georgia | Tallaght Stadium, Dublin | 29 October 2024

Eileen Gleeson’s girls in green face Georgia in the second leg of the Women’s Euro 2025 play-off semi-finals in Dublin. The Irish will look to take a positive result from Tblisi to Tallaght when the sides meet in the first leg on Friday 25 October. Wales or Slovakia await the winners in the final.

Find tickets

Republic Of Ireland MNT vs Finland | Aviva Stadium | 14 November 2024

Republic Of Ireland’s men’s team look to pick up their first home win under Heimir Hallgrímsson as they face Finland at Aviva Stadium. Both sides will see this as a great opportunity to put points on the board. A win for Ireland would be a much-needed morale boost heading into the new year.

Find tickets
Northern Ireland Fixtures

Northern Ireland U21 vs Azerbaijan | Ballymena Showgrounds | 12 October 2024

Northern Ireland Under-21 will look to complete the double over bottom placed Azerbaijan when the sides meet in a EURO 2025 qualifier at Ballymena Showgrounds. Although qualification is now out of the question, a couple of wins for Tommy Wright’s team could land them in a very respectable fourth place in Group F.

Find tickets

Northern Ireland MNT vs Bulgaria | NFS at Windsor Park, Belfast | 15 October 2024

The men’s team could potentially go top of their UEFA Nations League group when they take on Bulgaria at Belfast’s Windsor Park. The Bulgarians got the better of proceedings with a solitary goal when the sides met in Plovdiv in September. Michael O’Neill’s men will hope to avenge that loss on home soil.

Find out more

Northern Ireland WNT vs Croatia | NFS at Windsor Park, Belfast | 29 October 2024

After a trip to Varaždin, the women’s team return to the NFS at Windsor Park for the second leg of the Euro 2025 semi-final play-offs against Croatia. Tanya Oxtoby’s side have performed admirably in their qualifying campaign with their only losses coming against table-toppers, Portugal. The winners will take on either Norway or Albania for a place in Switzerland.

Find tickets

Northern Ireland MNT vs Belarus | NFS at Windsor Park, Belfast | 15 November 2024

Michael O’Neill’s men are back in Belfast this November. They face a Belarusian side who have proven tough to beat on the road as of late. Victory for the Green and White army would hold them in good stead before their away trip to Luxembourg just three days later.

Find tickets

Looking for even more sport? Check out our Sports Guide HERE.

RELATED NEWS
The best Hip Hop shows coming to Ireland this summer

Marina Trevisan

/ May 29, 2019

Feature

Getting Into… American Football

Mark Grassick

/ May 23, 2024

Preview

Your Guide to The Tailteann Cup

Robbie Herring

/ June 4, 2024

Interview

The A-Z of John Bishop

Mia Hughes

/ October 31, 2024

Interview

Milton Jones thinks peas are a waste of time

Stefan Pape

/ August 8, 2024

Interview

Frank Skinner just wants to be a cowboy 

Paul Bradshaw

/ January 17, 2024

Home » Sport » International football happening soon

Search

Manage my cookies

About us

Contact

Let's connect

© Ticketmaster 2024
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 141 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept Cookies
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://blog.ticketmaster.ie/sport/international-football-happening-soon-14328 
 ----- 
