DECEMBER 31, 2024
NK PRO
KCNA WATCH
KOREA PRO




ANALYSIS
Own goal: Why North Korea suddenly axed plans for World Cup qualifier vs Japan
Experts say reversal points to incoherent decision-making by a divided leadership weighing the future of COVID policies
Joe Smith | Shreyas Reddy March 26, 2024
SHARE
Japan on the ball against North Korea during Thursday’s World Cup Qualifier in Tokyo | Image: Japan Football Association via X (March 21, 2024)

What was shaping up to be a remarkable return of international sports to North Korea on Tuesday ended up as an embarrassing own goal after the country suddenly scrapped its World Cup qualifier against historic rival Japan last week, raising questions about Pyongyang’s intent to reopen to the world.

The scheduled fixture at Pyongyang’s Kim Il Sung Stadium would have marked the first visit by foreign athletes to the DPRK since it sealed its borders four years ago due to COVID-19, but a forfeit now leaves the team’s World Cup hopes on shaky ground.

Try unlimited access
Only $1 for four weeks
Unlimited access to all of NK News: reporting, investigations,
						analysis
Year-one discount if you continue past $1 trial period
The NK News Daily Update, an email newsletter to keep you in
						the loop
Searchable archive of all content, photo galleries, special columns
Contact NK News reporters with tips or requests for reporting
Subscribe now

All major cards accepted. No commitments – you can cancel any time.

RECENT STORIES
North Korea on pace to restore 6.5K square miles of forest, reach 10-year goal
How Jimmy Carter helped prevent a devastating war with North Korea
North Korea adopts 'most hardline' stance against US ahead of Trump presidency
About the Authors
Joe Smith

Joe Smith is a News Trainee at NK News.  

VIEW MORE ARTICLES BY JOE SMITHEMAIL
Got a news tip?
Let us know!
Shreyas Reddy

Shreyas Reddy is a correspondent at NK News, based in Seoul. He previously worked as a researcher at BBC Monitoring, where his work focused on news and key people and organizations from the Korean Peninsula, Japan, Southeast Asia and the Pacific. Follow him on Twitter.

VIEW MORE ARTICLES BY SHREYAS REDDYEMAILTWITTERLINKEDIN
Got a news tip?
Let us know!
About
Contact
Opportunities
FAQ
Mobile Apps
Privacy Policy
T&C
© 2024, Korea Risk Group (NK Consulting Inc.). All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nknews.org/2024/03/own-goal-why-north-korea-suddenly-axed-plans-for-world-cup-qualifier-vs-japan/ 
 ----- 
