Monday, December 30, 2024
PDF
Supplements
Top Stories 
Qatar
Business
Sport
World 
Gulf/(MiddleEast)
Press Release
Latest News
Home
/
Sports
/
Qatar to host Kuwait on March 21
Qatar to host Kuwait on March 21
17/03/2024
/
Sports
Screenshot 2024-03-16 205125
+ A
A -
Qatar tribune

FIFA

The FIFA World Cup 2026 qualifying resumes in Asia later this month, with several intriguing clashes set to unfold.

The qualifiers represent a return to action for AFC nations after the 2023 Asian Cup, which took place from January to February. The tournament saw hosts Qatar beat Jordan in the final to clinch a second consecutive continental championship. With some teams exceeding expectations and others flattering to deceive, the subsequent dynamic shifts could well impact on their World Cup qualification hopes.

Here, FIFA.com highlights five key games from this month’s qualifiers.

Qatar v Kuwait

Despite painstaking preparation for the FIFA World Cup 2022, Qatar became the first host nation to lose all its group-stage matches. Below-par performances in international outings after the tournament meant expectations were far from sky-high when they hosted the Asian Cup earlier this year.

However, Qatar breezed through the group stage with a hat-trick of victories and they maintained this momentum during the knockout stage. They progressed to the final where they faced tournament dark horses Jordan – and duly recorded a fine 3-1 win. In the AFC qualifiers so far, Qatar have dispatched Afghanistan and India with minimum fuss. Victory against Kuwait in a double-header, arguably their toughest group rival, would turbo-charge their quest for World Cup qualification. Qatar will host Kuwait at the Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium on March 21, 2024 and in the return leg will play them at the Sabah Al Salem Stadium in Kuwait City on March 26, 2024.

Japan v North Korea

A series of wins and impressive performances after the World Cup made Japan favourites to lift the Asian Cup. What followed, however, was a harsh reality check. Following defeat to Iraq in the group stage, they advanced to the the last 16 as runners-up. But after overcoming Uzbekistan in the first knockout round, they succumbed to a 2-1 quarter-final defeat to Iran. Hajime Moriyasu’s team will aim to get back on the winning track in this month’s qualifiers – but will face a tough challenge against a strong North Korea side. Will Japan shake off their recent unconvincing form or can North Korea pile on the pressure?

South Korea v Thailand

The Asian Cup was a rollercoaster ride for South Korea. After edging past Bahrain in their opening game and playing out dramatic draws against Jordan and Malaysia, they scraped through to the knockout stage as group runners-up. Then, after claiming two heavyweight scalps in Saudi Arabia and Australia to reach the semi-finals, they fell to Jordan ina gripping rematch.

Post-tournament, South Korea hit the headlines after parting ways with coach Jurgen Klinsmann, appointing national team legend Hwang Sun-hong on an interim basis.

Thailand, meanwhile, appointed Japanese tactician Masatada Ishii as coach last November and subsequently reached the last 16 in the Asian Cup for the second time in four years. With more slots now up for grabs and a historic first World Cup berth in their sights, they will be going all out to rack up points in the second qualifying round.

Indonesia v Vietnam

In qualifying Group F, where Iraq have already secured two wins, the direct clash between Indonesia and Vietnam could prove key in the battle for second place.

Vietnam achieved a very respectable quarter-final place in the 2019 Asian Cup and were also the first Asian team to reach round three of the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifiers. Led by coach Philippe Troussier, they came into this year’s Asian Cup with high hopes of replicating past successes, but disappointingly lost all three group-stage matches. Vietnam and Indonesia, who shared the same group in the Asian Cup, both lost to Iraq and Japan. Indonesia, however, edged out Vietnam 1-0 in their clash, marking their first foray into the knockout stage. Will history repeat itself, or will Vietnam exact revenge? Southeast Asian football fans will be glued to the rematch.

Saudi Arabia v Tajikistan

Now coached by former Italy national team boss Roberto Mancini, Group G favourites Saudi Arabia kicked off their second-round qualifiers with impressive wins against Pakistan and Jordan. However, the Asian Cup saw them grappling with some internal strife as several key players refused call-ups. And despite breezing through the group stage, they fell to South Korea in the last 16. Tajikistan, meanwhile, impressed in their maiden appearance at the Asian Cup. They advanced past the group phase and then beat UAE in their Round of 16 game to reach the quarter-finals. With their last-eight conquerors, Jordan, in the same qualifying group, a fierce battle for the top two spots looks set to ensue.

Securing points in a challenging away game against Saudi Arabia could be decisive in their quest to advance to the next stage.

   Copy
17/03/2024
65
Follow us
© Copyright 2024 QATAR TRIBUNE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.qatar-tribune.com/article/113278/sports/qatar-to-host-kuwait-on-march-21 
 ----- 
