SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Matildas drawn with United States and Germany in 2024 Paris Olympics group stage

Topic:
Olympic Games

Wed 20 Mar
Wednesday 20 March

The Matildas are among the contenders for gold at the Paris Olympics. (Getty: Darrian Traynor)

abc.net.au/news/paris-olympics-matildas-us-germany-group-stage/103613706
Link copied
Share article
In short:
The Matildas will play United States and Germany in the preliminary stage of the Paris Olympics.The Matildas finished fourth at the Tokyo Olympics.
What's next?
The Matildas continue their Paris Olympics preparations with a friendly against Mexico next month.

The Matildas' hopes of winning a historic Olympic gold medal will face an early test after they were drawn alongside heavyweights United States and Germany in the group stage at the Paris Games.

The US has won Olympic gold four times since women's football was first contested at the 1996 Atlanta Games and is fourth on the FIFA world rankings.

Germany, ranked fifth in the world, won the 2016 Olympic tournament in Rio.

Group B will also include either Zambia or Morocco, who are scheduled to play in a two-leg African play-off next month.

The Matildas achieved their best finish at an Olympics when they placed fourth in Tokyo three years ago.

They were fourth at last year's World Cup held in Australia and New Zealand, and are 12th on the FIFA rankings.

The Matildas play Germany in their opening match on July 26, while they will face the US in their final group clash on August 1 AEST.

Their three group matches will all be staged in Marseille.

World Cup hero Cortnee Vine returns to Matildas squad as preparations for Paris Olympics build
Photo shows Cortnee Vine

Cortnee Vine gets a call up to the Matildas for their April friendly against Mexico as the team builds towards the Paris Olympics.

Matildas vice-captain Emily van Egmond said Germany would have a "real point to prove" after it did not play in Tokyo.

"Given how hard it was for people to qualify within Europe, I'm expecting a pretty tough opponent in Germany," she said.

"You look at the likes of Sweden and England who obviously missed out (on Olympics qualification) so that right there tells you it's becoming increasingly more difficult."

Matildas coach Tony Gustavsson said he was not expecting any easy matches at the Olympics.

"We knew no matter who we're going to get that this is a tournament filled of quality teams," he said.

"We can talk about three games yes, but at the end of the day we need to narrow it down to the opening game against Germany."

World champion Spain was drawn alongside Japan, Brazil, and either Nigeria and South Africa in Group C.

Canada, who won gold in Tokyo, will face host nation France, Colombia and New Zealand in Group A.

The football tournament will begin two days before the Paris opening ceremony, with the women's final concluding the Games on August 11 AEST.

The Olyroos are still a chance of qualifying for the men's tournament in Paris.

The Matildas' preparations for Paris will continue with a friendly against Mexico in San Antonio, Texas, next month.

They will also meet China in Adelaide and Sydney on May 31 and June 3 respectively.

The Matildas confirmed their Olympic berth with victory over Uzbekistan in a two-leg play-off last month.

Get a morning news briefing in your inbox
Subscribe to our ABC NewsMail bringing you breaking news from overnight, plus a heads-up on the stories that will shape your day.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Wed 20 Mar 2024 at 8:50pm
Wednesday 20 Mar 2024 at 8:50pm
, updated Thu 21 Mar 2024 at 2:11am
Thursday 21 Mar 2024 at 2:11am
Related stories

Topic:
Sport

Injured Matildas captain Sam Kerr ruled out of Paris Olympics by her father
Photo shows A female footballer wearing gold, running away in celebration, smiling, after scoring

Topic:
Sport

World Cup hero Cortnee Vine returns to Matildas squad as preparations for Paris Olympics build
Photo shows Cortnee Vine

Topic:
Sport

Matildas qualify for the 2024 Paris Olympics with 10-0 thrashing of Uzbekistan
Photo shows Michelle Heyman of the Matildas celebrates a goal.
Related topics

France

Olympic Games

Soccer

Sport

Top Stories
Driver rescued from floodwaters as Queensland inundated

Topic:
Floods

Photo shows Kingaroy rain
Russia and Ukraine exchange 150 prisoners each, Moscow says

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

Kyrgios, Djokovic enjoy winning doubles debut at Brisbane International

Topic:
Tennis

Świątek makes blistering start to United Cup as Poland defeats Norway

Topic:
Tennis

Dominique Pelicot will not appeal 20-year sentence

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

Just In
Russia and Ukraine exchange 150 prisoners each, Moscow says

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

2h ago
2 hours ago
Świątek makes blistering start to United Cup as Poland defeats Norway

Topic:
Tennis

4h ago
4 hours ago
South Korean president orders emergency inspection of nation's airline system

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

6h ago
6 hours ago
Couple's drownings at treacherous WA beach prompt calls for education, signage

Topic:
Drownings

5h ago
5 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-03-21/paris-olympics-matildas-us-germany-group-stage/103613706 
 ----- 
