English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022 Semifinal 2: India vs England - Who will win semifinal 2?

T20 World Cup 2022 Semifinal 2: India vs England - Who will win semifinal 2?
England have had their share of issues but they are clicking together at the right time.

RITESH PATHAK
Author

Updated - 09 Nov 2022 05:30 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: 10 November 2022
Time: 01:30 PM IST
Venue: Adelaide Oval, Adelaide
Ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger App

Preview

India defeated Zimbabwe in their last league game to set up a semifinal clash against England who beat Sri Lanka in their last game of the league stage. Now, the two teams will be eyeing that final berth but the road from Adelaide to Melbourne is not going to be an easy one. It’s been some time now since the two teams lifted the title and will be eager to end the jinx this year. Both teams have got world-class players who can take the world by storm on a given day. It is expected to be a great game of cricket. 

Pitch Report

The pitch at Adelaide Oval is not the easiest to bat on with the ball gripping the surface. It was tough for the side batting second and is expected to behave the same way during the match between India and England. Toss will play a crucial role as the winning captain will look to defend a total.

Team Analysis


India

Rohit Sharma-led India have been clinical so far in the T20 World Cup 2022. Winning four of the five league stage games, India finished first in their group. In their last match of Super 12, India beat Zimbabwe by 71 runs. The Men in Blue were clinical both with the bat and the ball. While KL Rahul and Suryakumar Yadav scored half-centuries, the Indian bowlers forged the perfect partnership to bowl out Zimbabwe for only 115. 

While Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Arshdeep Singh provided breakthroughs with the new ball, Mohammed Shami and Hardik Panya struck in the middle overs. R Ashwin also joined the party late as he bagged three wickets. The only concern that remains intact for India is Rohit Sharma not among the runs. The wicketkeeper batter scoring runs will be a bonus for India. 

SportsTiger Playing XI of India

KL Rahul, Rohit Sharma (c), Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Hardik Pandya, Dinesh Karthik (wk), Axar Patel, R Ashwin, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Arshdeep Singh

England

England have had their share of issues, but they are clicking together at the right time. Ben Stokes who was struggling to put up an impactful performance, played a match-winning knock of 42*. He also bagged a wicket in his three overs. The lower middle order was not up to the mark in the match against Sri Lanka, but England will back the likes of Liam Livingstone and Moeen Ali to come good against India in the all-important clash. 

The pace trio of Sam Curran, Chris Woakes, and Mark Wood has been doing a decent job so far and is expected to play a crucial role against India. Adil Rashid also got his rhythm back and is expected to do the job in the middle overs against the likes of Suryakumar Yadav and Virat Kohli. But England will surely miss Malan who is doubtful for the semifinal. 

SportsTiger Playing XI of England

Jos Buttler (c & wk), Alex Hales, Phil Salt, Harry Brook, Ben Stokes, Liam Livingstone, Moeen Ali, Sam Curran, Chris Woakes, Mark Wood, Adil Rashid

Match Prediction

  


Conclusion

India looks strong on paper and also have momentum with them. Meanwhile, England will rue Dawid Malan’s unavailability. But it will not be a cakewalk for India. 

Disclaimer: The opinions expressed within this article are the author’s point of view. They neither reflect the opinion of SportsTiger nor advise anyone to make any prediction based on this. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility and liability for the same.

T20 World Cup 2022India vs England
LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Skyesports unveils 2026 Counter Strike 2 Esports roadmap for Tier 1 events

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir lashes out at India players; issues stern warning ahead of Sydney Test: Reports

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir wanted Cheteshwar Pujara for Australia tour but selectors denied; shocking details revealed

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-2022-ind-vs-eng-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-t20-world-cup-match-between-india-and-england-win-prediction-ind-vs-eng-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
