Business Today
BT Bazaar
India Today
Northeast
India Today Gaming
Cosmopolitan
Harper's Bazaar
Brides Today
Ishq FM
Aaj Tak
GNTTV
iChowk
Kisan Tak
Lallantop
Malyalam
Bangla
Sports Tak
Crime Tak
Aajtak Campus
Astro tak
Subscribe
News
LATEST
Trends
India vs England T20 World Cup Semi-Final: Check date, time, where to watch and more

Feedback

India vs England T20 World Cup Semi-Final: Check date, time, where to watch and more
According to the official schedule, the India vs England T20 World Cup Semi Final will take place on November 10, 2022.
Business Today Desk
Updated Nov 07, 2022, 5:16 PM IST
The India vs England game is scheduled to start at 1:30 PM IST.

After defeating Zimbabwe on November 6, Team India has now qualified for the ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2022 Semi-Final. The team has fought valiantly in each of the previous games. It is currently preparing for its semi-final match against England. 

The semi-final T20 World Cup 2022 match between England and India is slated for November 10. Cricket fans who want to watch their favourite team play must take note of the game's date and time. New Zealand, England, India, and Pakistan have advanced to the T20 World Cup 2022 semi-finals following some thrilling matches in the Super 12.

According to the official schedule, the India vs. England T20 World Cup Semi Final will take place on November 10, 2022.

The India vs. England game is scheduled to start at 1:30 PM IST. If Indian viewers want to watch India play against England from the start, they must take note of the game time.

The game is scheduled to take place at Adelaide Oval in Australia. Cricket fans who are unable to travel can watch the live stream from the comfort of their own homes.

Starting at 1:30 pm, viewers in India can watch the game on Star Sports Network on their television.

The T20 World Cup 2022 Semi Final between England and India will be live streamed on Disney+Hotstar.

Also Read: T20 World Cup: Team India to lock horns with England in semi-final on November 10

SPOTLIGHT

'Pushpa 2: The Rule' box office collection day 20: Allu Arjun's blockbuster becomes first Hindi film to begin a Rs 700 cr club

'Pushpa 2: The Rule' box office collection day 21: It's a Merry Christmas for Allu Arjun's film! Sukumar-directorial tops ₹1,100 crore in India

'Not a bottle of wine but entire vineyard...': Sukesh Chandrashekhar's Christmas gift to Jacqueline from Tihar Jail goes viral

'DMK worried he could...': BJP's Annamalai on Thalapathy Vijay's move to float TVK ahead of Tamil Nadu polls

'14 years of experience, I decided to sacrifice...': Mumbai graphic designer turns auto driver after job market struggles

Happy New Year 2025 wishes: 100+ wishes, quotes, WhatsApp messages, greetings to share with your loved ones

'Biwi bhaag jayegi': Gautam Adani claps back at Narayana Murthy over 70-hour work week debate

SJVN shares jumped 8% on signing MoU to develop pumped storage projects

Published on: Nov 07, 2022, 5:16 PM IST
IN THIS STORY
#india vs england
#India vs England semi final
#T20 World Cup
#T20 World Cup semi final
#india vs england match
Follow Us on
Channel
 TOP STORIES
These bank accounts won't be functional from January 1 following RBI directive; check details
Bharti Airtel shares: After 57% rally in 2024, can the telco stock continue winning run this year?
Tax Planning: What strategies to adopt in 2025 to manage tax outgo
ITC shares at Rs 500, ITC Hotels stock at Rs 150-175? What analysts say
MF Lite: Sebi floats framework for passive mutual funds schemes; check details
 TOP VIDEOS
1:57
SBI Chairman CS Setty: India’s Economy On Track For 6.5% Growth
2:15
Happy New Year, Happy New Investment! | Top Sectors For 2025: Infra, Healthcare, & Defence
4:04
Backlash Against H-1B Visas In US, Elon Musk Forced To Call For Higher Salaries
1:28
Budget 2025: Why Midcaps, IT, Pharma, And Green Energy Stocks Could Outperform
3:28
Swinging Start To Royal Ranthambore BT Golf Silver Jubilee Tournament
Power Mech shares gain on order win from Adani Power 
Paytm & Nazara Tech: What Amit Khurana of Dolat Capital says on new-age stocks
India's defence story remains intact; HAL, Mazagon, BEL among top picks for 2025
ITC shares at Rs 500, ITC Hotels stock at Rs 150-175? What analysts say
Bharti Airtel shares: After 57% rally in 2024, can the telco stock continue winning run this year?
   
 
Economy Corporate Markets
Trending Magazine COVID-19
Infra Pharma Real Estate
Stocks Auto World
Education Jobs Lifestyle
About us Contact us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Partners Press Releases
Design Partner 
 

Copyright©2024 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today

Home

Market

BT TV

Reels

Menu

'Infosys thinks it's in real estate business': BJP leader slams IT firm for no job, Mohandas Pai responds

MOST READ

US startup CTO's Green Card application rejected citing job at Apple as reason, but he 'NEVER worked at Apple!'

MOST READ

'Not a bottle of wine but entire vineyard...': Sukesh Chandrashekhar's Christmas gift to Jacqueline from Tihar Jail goes viral

MOST READ

'Koi bhi mat aana Manali aur Solang': Social media user warns tourists after heavy snowfall leaves 2,000 vehicles stuck

TRENDING

Happy New Year 2025 wishes in advance: 100+ New Year Eve WhatsApp messages, wishes, quotes, greetings to send your loved ones

TRENDING

'DMK worried he could...': BJP's Annamalai on Thalapathy Vijay's move to float TVK ahead of Tamil Nadu polls

TRENDING

Adani Enterprises shares: What Ventura says on Adani Wilmar JV exit, target price

TRENDING

'Biwi bhaag jayegi': Gautam Adani claps back at Narayana Murthy over 70-hour work week debate

TRENDING

PPF, SCSS, SSY: Check interest rates for these small saving schemes in Q4 FY25

TRENDING

SJVN shares jumped 8% on signing MoU to develop pumped storage projects

TRENDING
businesstoday.in asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.businesstoday.in/latest/trends/story/india-vs-england-t20-world-cup-semi-final-check-date-time-where-to-watch-and-more-352105-2022-11-07 
 ----- 
