CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Doha Today
/
Community
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (Jan 11-13, 2024)

Published: 10 Jan 2024 - 07:53 pm | Last Updated: 11 Jan 2024 - 12:17 am

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
Mahmoud Elmazaty | The Peninsula Online

Doha: Qatar is gearing up for an exciting weekend filled with numerous activities. Are you ready for the fun that waits ahead?

As the AFC Asian Cup gets underway this Friday, football fever is once again gripping Qatar. The country is set to host a variety of events and entertainment, with fans from the 24 participating countries ready to color the streets in their national jerseys and flags. Along with the fans, other international visitors are also arriving to enjoy the games and accompanying events.

Don't miss the opening ceremony of the AFC Asian Cup. Experience the thrills of football, either live in the stadiums or at fan zones across the country, as the best national teams in Asia compete. Explore the diverse cultures of 24 Asian countries, enjoy shopping while earning rewards, and more activities this weekend.

AFC Asian Cup 2023 Matches
January 12 to February 10, 2024

The AFC Asian Cup 2023 is set to kick off this Friday, promising a lot of excitement and joy. Make sure to secure your seat in the stadiums, fan zones, or find a spot where the games will be screened around the country. Enjoy watching the best 24 national teams in Asia compete for the honor of being crowned the Asian champion.

Qatar vs Lebanon
January 12
7 pm
Lusail Stadium

Australia vs India
January 13
2:30 pm
Ahmad bin Ali Stadium 

China vs Tajikistan
January 13
5:30pm
Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium

Uzbekistan vs Syria
January 13
8:30 pm
Jassim bin Hamad Stadium

Hello Asia
Until February 10, 2024
4 PM - 12 AM (excluding match days at Lusail Stadium)
Lusail Boulevard

Enjoy captivating parades, explore vibrant markets, savor diverse cuisines, and witness colorful folklore performances. Don't miss the two daily parades at 6:30pm and 9pm.

Visit the ‘ Country Zones’ to discover 24 different country zones, including Qatar, China, India, South Korea, and Lebanon. Each zone offers a unique glimpse into the hospitality and culture of the participating AFC Asian Cup countries.

Expo Carnival
January 12&13, 2024

4 PM, 7 PM & 8:30 PM
Family Amphitheater - Family Zone

Dive into a world of imagination at the Expo Carnival. Enjoy magical performances, circus games, and exclusive entertainment.

The event will be running on until January 17

Expo Fan Zone
January 12 to February 10, 2024
Cultural Zone, Expo 2023 Doha

A fusion of sports, entertainment, and cultural festivities. Activities include Paintball Battle Zone, shooting range, football matches, Mini-Golf course, laser shows, color festival, and freestyle performances.

AFC Asian Cup Events at Msheireb Downtown Doha
January 12 to February 10, 2024
Msheireb Downtown

Msheireb Downtown Doha transforms into a hub for football fans and cultural exploration during the AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023. Experience the Asian Sikka, taste authentic international cuisine, enjoy cultural exhibits and performances, and participate in football-themed activities. Don’t forget to visit the ‘Human Football Arena’ and to watch live match broadcasts at Barahat Msheireb, interactive football stations, and a variety of cuisine from local restaurants.

For more information about events in Msheireb, click here.

2nd Arab Age Group Aquatics Championship
Until January 15
Aspire Dome, Old Doha Port

Featuring over 400 athletes from 17 countries in swimming, water polo, and open water swimming. This event is a precursor to the World Aquatics Championships Doha 2024, which will be held for the first time in the Middle East, starting from Feb. 2 to 18.

In the Aspire Dome, the swimming competitions will be held from Wednesday to Saturday, while the water polo competitions will start on Thursday and conclude on Saturday as well.

In Old Doha Port, the open water swimming competitions will be held on Sunday and Monday.

Shop Qatar Second Raffle Draw Announcement

January 12,2024
Msheireb Galleria

With each week of Shop Qatar, a lucky winner will get the keys to a brand-new car. The festival also features sales, entertainment, and the opportunity to meet beloved characters from Cocomelon, Bluey, Miraculous, and Barbie. Shop more for a chance to win big – it's not just shopping, it's an adventure!

AFC Asian Cup Events at Katara

January 11 to February 10, 2024
3-11pm
Katara

Katara has unveiled a month-long celebration, comprising an impressive lineup of 46 events. Here are some highlights of the events taking place this weekend:

Releasing Homing Pigeons: The celebration begins with the release of 5,000 homing pigeons, marking the commencement of Katara’s events aligned with the AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023.

Street Art Festival: Taking place throughout the streets of Katara, this festival provides a platform for artists, actors, and musicians to showcase their talents, either individually or in groups.

For a complete guide to Katara’s events during the AFC Asian Cup, click here.

Selfie with Trophy and Saboog’s Family
Jan 11, 12, 13
4pm-8pm
City Center Doha, Doha Festival City, Expo Doha 2023

Capture a memorable selfie with the AFC Asian Cup 2023 trophy and meet the jerboa family of five – Saboog, Tmbki, Freha, Zkriti, and Traeneh. Feel the excitement of the AFC Asian Cup and enjoy the entertainment and activities inside the mall.

The Mascots' family tour will make its first stop this weekend on Jan 11 at City Center Doha, followed by Jan 12 at Doha Festival City, and will conclude the tour on Jan 13 at Expo Doha 2023.

Campus
Vision International School celebrates Qatar National Day
Swiss International School celebrates Qatar National Day
Birla Public School celebrates Qatar National Day and World Arabic Day
AFG College with the University of Aberdeen holds alumni gala
Souq
LOT - The Value Shop opens at LuLu Hypermarket, Barwa Madinatna
Zulal Wellness Resort By Chiva-Som marks a remarkable year of awards in 2024
Souq Al Wakra’s Jarnen restaurant unveils unique themed Syrian Brunch
Homecentre opens new store in Doha Mall

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
World media praises Qatar's New Year’s Eve celebrations in Lusail
New Orleans attacker named as US citizen Shamsud-Din Jabbar: FBI
LOT - The Value Shop opens at LuLu Hypermarket, Barwa Madinatna
Al Rayyan Municipality launches afforestation initiative for outdoor spaces using solar-powered irrigation systems
Qatar braces for windy weekend with high offshore waves
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
Qatar Airways to resume flights to Syria
Singapore's manufacturing PMI continues to rise in December
Philippines recovers suspected Chinese submarine drone
Jesus hopes his goals can help end Arsenal title drought
Doha Today
ICC holds condolence meeting in honour of Indian ex-PM
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (January 2-4, 2025)
Zulal Wellness Resort By Chiva-Som marks a remarkable year of awards in 2024
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2025   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/10/01/2024/things-to-do-this-weekend-in-qatar-(jan-11-13,-2024) 
 ----- 
