	
Live
News
Weather
More
Expand / Collapse search
	
Winter Weather Advisory from FRI 6:00 AM PST until SAT 6:00 AM PST, West Slopes North Central Cascades and Passes
NBA
NOP
PHI
12:00AM
NBCSPH
PHI -3.5
TOTAL 220
NCAA BK
MINN
WIS
12:00AM
PCOCK
WIS -13.5
TOTAL 142.5
NCAA FB
CFP SEMIFINAL COTTON BOWL
6
OSU
3
TEXAS
12:30AM
ESPN
OSU -6.0
TOTAL 53.5
NBA
OKC
NYK
12:30AM
NBATV
OKC -3.5
TOTAL 225.5
NCAA BK
22
UCLA
MD
1:00AM
MD -4.5
TOTAL 139
ALL SCORES
Bryce Miller dominates Astros in 6-1 Seattle Mariners win
By Kristie Rieken
Published  September 23, 2024 11:57pm PDT
Seattle Mariners
Associated Press
article

HOUSTON, TEXAS - SEPTEMBER 23: Bryce Miller #50 of the Seattle Mariners pitches in the first inning against the Houston Astros at Minute Maid Park on September 23, 2024 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Tim Warner/Getty Images) (Tim Warner / Getty Images)

HOUSTON - Bryce Miller threw seven shutout innings and Julio Rodríguez had three hits and two RBIs to help the Seattle Mariners to a 6-1 win Monday night over Houston that prevented the Astros from clinching the AL West title.

The Astros entered needing only a victory over second-place Seattle to secure their fourth straight division crown.

2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored

Instead, they struggled against Miller (12-8), managing just two singles while playing without injured slugger Yordan Alvarez.

Seattle has won four of five to move within 1 1/2 games of the final American League wild-card spot in a crowded race that also includes Detroit, Kansas City and Minnesota.

The Mariners are four games behind the Astros in the division standings with five to play. Houston will have another chance to wrap up the AL West when the teams meet again Tuesday night.

"We've just got to forget about the last game and show up with the best attitude," Astros second baseman Jose Altuve said.

Rodríguez said the fact that the win kept Houston from clinching didn't matter to him.

"We’re not really worried about that," he said. "We’re really worried about winning one game at a time, and I feel like them winning the division is not really our concern. It’s more about us making it to the playoffs."

Jon Singleton walked with one out in the second and an infield single by Jeremy Peña gave Houston its first hit with two outs. Miller sailed through the next few innings, retiring 13 consecutive batters before walking Alex Bregman to start the seventh.

Yainer Diaz singled on a grounder to right field and both runners advanced on a groundout by Singleton. But then Miller struck out the next two hitters to end his night.

"Bryce Miller was phenomenal tonight," Mariners manager Dan Wilson said. "He had everything going and then that seventh inning was something pretty spectacular to see him pull through that, not give up a run in that situation getting towards the end of his rope."

Altuve also raved about the 26-year-old right-hander.

"He was almost unhittable today," Altuve said.

Miller, who grew up about 4 1/2 hours from Houston in Mount Pleasant, Texas, said Monday was special because he had a big group of family and friends at the ballpark. The contingent included his grandfather, Ted Luce, who saw him pitch in the majors for the first time.

"They’ve been around since I was in T-ball, so I’m sure it’s a lot of fun for them watching me throw here," Miller said. "I remember growing up watching the Astros play (on TV) when we were eating dinner and stuff, so it’s definitely a lot of fun pitching here in front of family and friends."

Houston starter Hunter Brown (11-9) permitted three hits and a run with eight strikeouts in six innings.

Seattle’s Justin Turner had a hit and an RBI to extend his streak of reaching base safely to 18 games, the longest active run in the majors.

Cal Raleigh put the Mariners up early with an RBI single in the third.

Turner singled to open the seventh before a one-out single by J.P. Crawford chased reliever Caleb Ferguson. Kaleb Ort took over and walked pinch-hitter Dylan Moore to load the bases.

Rodríguez singled home Turner with two outs to push the lead to 2-0. Moore was thrown out at third on the play to end the inning.

Raleigh, Randy Arozarena and Luke Raley hit consecutive singles to load the bases to start the eighth. A sacrifice fly by Turner made it 3-0, and a double by Jorge Polanco sent another run home.

Houston got its only run on a homer by Jason Heyward leading off the eighth.

Rodríguez and Arozarena added RBI doubles in the ninth to make it 6-1.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Mariners: RHP Gregory Santos (biceps inflammation) was reinstated from the 15-day injured list. … LHP Jhonathan Díaz was optioned to the team’s spring training complex.

Astros: Manager Joe Espada said after the game that Alvarez has a sprained right knee and won't be available in this series.

UP NEXT

Seattle RHP Logan Gilbert (8-11, 3.24 ERA) opposes LHP Framber Valdez (14-7, 2.85) on Tuesday night.

MORE MARINERS NEWS
Commentary: Mariners sucked some of us back…only to mess with our hearts again
Marcus Semien's RBI single gives Rangers a 6-5 walk-off win over Seattle Mariners
Rodríguez has leadoff HR, tiebreaking single as Seattle Mariners beat Rangers 8-4
Julio Rodríguez homers twice in 8-2 Seattle Mariners win over Rangers
Seattle Mariners
Sports
MLB
WA JBLM doctor pleads guilty to 40+ sexual abuse charges | FOX 13 Seattle
Thurston Co. deputies catch fleeing suspect with grappler | FOX 13 Seattle
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored by Taboola
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
Man shot and killed Tacoma | FOX 13 Seattle
Convicted felon wanted in Mason County shooting | FOX 13 Seattle
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV Is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Click Here
Empty Cruises Departing From South Carolina That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Cruise Travel | Top Searcher Now
|
Sponsored
Learn More
South Carolina Say Goodbye to High Auto Insurance Rates if You Live in These Zip Codes
Financebuzz
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Seniors in North Charleston: Big Debt Relief (See How)
Finance Advisors
|
Sponsored
Learn More
2024 Hyundai's Are Turning Heads
SearchTopics | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Round After Round
Fight through the playoffs with officially licensed NFL drinkware.
YETI
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
Finally Legal: It's like a Vaccine for Chronic Joint & Back Pain
Natures Healing Relief
|
Sponsored
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
CommonSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Click Here
  
Ad Content by Taboola |
Empty Cruise Cabins for Sale Now (See Prices)
GoSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Dental Implants For Seniors May Be Paid For By Medicare (See How)
PopularSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
DAILY NEWSLETTER

All the news you need to know, every day

 

By clicking Sign Up, I confirm
that I have read and agree
to the Privacy Policy
and Terms of Service.

On your phone. On your TV.
Latest News
View More
'Fish on': Thurston County deputies cast a line, catch fleeing suspect with grappler
Manhunt underway for Mason County shooting suspect
As California faces insurance cancellations, WA homeowners wonder about coverage gaps
Communities honor former president Jimmy Carter's global impact on Habitat for Humanity
Defense wants key evidence tossed in Bryan Kohberger murders case
Latest Videos
View More
video
FOX 13 News at 10pm for Thursday, 1/9
video
'Grappler' ends high-speed Thurston County chase
video
18-year-old shot by multiple suspects in Edmonds
video
People, pets arrive in WA to escape LA wildfires
video
Deadly fires tear through Los Angeles County, residents survey damage
Download FOX 13 Apps
Trending Now
'Fish on': Thurston County deputies cast a line, catch fleeing suspect with grappler
Jaxon Smith-Njigba could break Tyler Lockett's receptions record with Seahawks
Medicare prescription drug costs capped at $2,000 annually
Corrections deputy charged with running over ex-girlfriend in Tacoma
King tides expected in South Puget Sound on Jan. 4-6
Vote in our Poll!
LOS ANGELES WILDFIRES
As California faces insurance cancellations, WA homeowners wonder about coverage gaps

“Fire carveouts” have made national headlines, prompting homeowners across the country to examine their own policies.

LOS ANGELES WILDFIRES
California fires live video: Watch Los Angeles webcams

California wildfire season has come early, with wind-whipped flames racing across some of the most iconic communities in Los Angeles.

LOS ANGELES WILDFIRES
LA fires containment update: What to know about California’s deadly blazes

Fierce wildfires continued to burn on Thursday in the Los Angeles area, leaving at least five killed.

LOS ANGELES WILDFIRES
WA firefighters travel to California to help battle wildland fires

Raging wildfires in the Los Angeles area have claimed the lives of at least five people and scorched at least 1,000 buildings. Fierce Santa Ana winds fueled the flames that spread uncontrollably.

LOS ANGELES WILDFIRES
Los Angeles wildfires: National Guard steps in as looting arrests rise

National Guard troops were deployed for fire response, traffic control, and protection.

Home
News Tips
Mobile Apps
Sign Up for our Newsletters
Meet our Team
Links You Saw on TV
TV Schedule
FOX Shows
Jobs at FOX 13 Seattle
Internships
Request a Speaker
Advertise with FOX 13
Captioning Info
FCC Public File
EEO Public File
FCC Applications
Local and Regional News
Seattle and King County News
Tacoma and Pierce County News
Everett and Snohomish County News
Olympia and Thurston County News
Bellingham and Whatcom County News
WA Coast News
San Francisco News - KTVU FOX 2
Los Angeles News - FOX 11 Los Angeles
Phoenix News - FOX 10 Phoenix
More News
Local News
National News
FOX 13 Investigates
Politics
Election
Entertainment
Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
Consumer
Health
Healthy Living
Environment
Good News
FOX 13 en Español
FOX News Sunday
Good Day Seattle
Watch Live
Watch Clips
Good Day Seattle Team
Vote in MEGAPOLL
Things To Do
Adam at the Movies
True Northwest
Pet Tricks
Submit Weather Photos
School Closures
Links You Saw on Good Day
Back2Besa
Studio 13 Live
Watch Clips
Studio 13 Live Team
Healthy Living
Emerald Eats
Seattle Sips
Passport to the Northwest
Celebrity interviews
The Spotlight
Latest from The Spotlight
Watch Full Episodes
Meet David Rose
Crime and Public Safety
Missing Persons
Fentanyl Crisis
Submit a Tip to The Spotlight
Weather
Weather Web Cams
Traffic Map
Seattle Weather App
Weather Alerts
Air Quality Map
Wildfires Map
Fire Danger and Burn Bans Map
Submit Weather Photos
Closures and Delays
FOX Weather
Sports
Seattle Seahawks
Seattle Mariners
Seattle Sounders FC
Seattle Storm
Seattle Kraken
Seattle Reign FC
Washington Huskies
WSU Cougars
Washington Sports Wrap
The Winning Question
Sports Commentary
Sports Trivia Blitz
FIFA World Cup 2026
Money
Personal Finance
Consumer
Business
Economy
Savings
youtube
instagram
facebook
tiktok
threads
twitter
email
New Privacy PolicyUpdated Terms of UseYour Privacy ChoicesFCC Public FileEEO Public FileFCC ApplicationsAbout UsJobs At KCPQ and KZJOContact UsSitemap

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.fox13seattle.com/sports/bryce-miller-dominates-astros-6-1-seattle-mariners-win 
 ----- 
