Dominate Fantasy - Sync your team
NFL
NBA
MLB
NHL
Login
Sign Up
MLB
❰ ❱
MLB
News
September 24 Fantasy Baseball Takeaways: Best Hitting/Pitching Performances | Jorge Polanco, Tarik Skubal, Heliot Ramos, Jack Kochanowicz, Michael Harris II and More
September 24 Fantasy Baseball Takeaways: Best Hitting/Pitching Performances | Jorge Polanco, Tarik Skubal, Heliot Ramos, Jack Kochanowicz, Michael Harris II and More
Discussing some of the best hitting and pitching performances from September 24.
Morgan Rode
Sep 25th 9:14 AM EDT
.
MLB
•
FANTASY

Sep 23, 2024; Houston, Texas, USA; Seattle Mariners second baseman Jorge Polanco (7) hits an RBI double during the eighth inning against the Houston Astros at Minute Maid Park. Credit: Troy Taormina-Imagn Images

A full 15-game MLB slate of games took place on Tuesday, September 24, and now it’s time to go over the day’s top performers. 

We’ve done this every weekday throughout the season and will continue through Friday. Also be sure to check out the daily streaming articles and waiver wire stories if you are still playing fantasy baseball.

Explore the best in-season tool to manage lineup/start decisions including waiver pickups, projections, trade suggestions, trade value charts, rest of season rankings, power rankings, and tons more with Fantasy Assistant. Now, with revolutionary AI Expert help. Use our fantasy baseball trade analyzer and trade value charts to break down trade scenarios.

Top Hitters

Seattle Mariners’ Jorge Polanco and San Francisco Giants’ Heliot Ramos each posted four hits on Tuesday.

Polanco had three singles and a home run. He drove in two runs and scored once.

Ramos also had a home run and three singles. He drove in a run and scored twice.

Chicago Cubs’ Cody Bellinger and Nico Hoerner, New York Yankees’ Gleyber Torres, Miami Marlins’ Jonah Bride, Pittsburgh Pirates’ Jared Triolo, Atlanta Braves’ Michael Harris II and Boston Red Sox’s Vaughn Grissom all had three hits.

Bellinger had two singles and a triple. He drove in four runs and scored once.

Torres had two singles and a double. He drove in a run along the way.

Hoerner also had a double and two singles. He went on to score a run.

Bride had two singles and a home run. He drove in a run, scored once and also was a strikeout victim.

Triolo singled three times on Tuesday. He drove in one run.

Harris had a single, double and home run. He drove in two runs, scored twice and struck out once.

Grissom had two singles and one double. He drove in a run, scored once, walked and stole a base.

San Francisco’s Patrick Bailey was the only MLB player to score three runs. He singled, homered and walked to get on base. Bailey drove in one run.

St. Louis Cardinals’ Masyn Winn drove in four runs on a double and a home run. He scored a run and struck out twice.

San Diego Padres’ Jake Cronenworth drove in three runs on a double and a home run. He also scored a run.

San Francisco’s Brett Wisely singled and homered on his way to a three-RBI game. He also scored a run.

St. Louis’ Lars Nootbaar walked three times and scored two runs.

Yankees’ Anthony Rizzo doubled and walked twice. He went on to score a run.

Los Angeles Angels’ Taylor Ward singled and walked twice. He also stole a base.

San Francisco’s LaMonte Wade Jr. doubled and walked two times. He went on to score once.

Boston’s Triston Casas singled and walked twice on Tuesday.

Oakland Athletics’ Lawrence Butler had a double and two walks. He also stole a base.

Detroit Tigers’ Wenceel Perez doubled and walked two times. He drove in two runs and struck out once.

Colorado Rockies’ Charlie Blackmon had a double and triple, while also being hit by a pitch. He also drove in a run.

Minnesota Twins’ Byron Buxton singled, doubled and was plunked by a pitch. He went on to score one run.

Milwaukee Brewers’ Rhys Hoskins walked twice and was hit by a pitch. He drove in a run and scored once.

Texas Rangers’ Josh Smith had a single and double, while also being hit by a pitch. He also scored a run, stole a base and struck out once.

Cleveland Guardians’ Josh Naylor singled, doubled and had a sacrifice flyout. He drove in two runs, walked once and scored a run.

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Teoscar Hernandez had two hits and a walk on Tuesday. He singled and doubled, while also striking out once.

Dodgers’ Will Smith had two singles and a walk. He also scored a run.

Cubs’ Seiya Suzuki singled, doubled and walked once. He drove in two runs, scored twice and struck out once.

Credit: Imagn Images

Top Starting Pitchers

Detroit Tigers’ Tarik Skubal tossed seven shutout innings to pick up another win. He allowed just two hits and one walk, while striking out seven batters.

Angels’ Jack Kochanowicz worked seven scoreless frames, but took a no decision. He gave up three hits, while striking out four and walking none.

Chicago White Sox’s Jonathan Cannon took a no decision after working six scoreless. He allowed three hits and one walk, while striking out seven.

Kansas City Royals’ Cole Ragans also left with a no decision after six scoreless frames. He gave up three hits and three walks, while punching out six.

San Francisco’s Logan Webb got a win after tossing six scoreless innings. He allowed four hits and one walk, while striking out three.

San Diego’s Michael King earned a win after working the first five innings. He allowed an unearned run on three hits, two walks and a hit batter. King struck out three.

Toronto Blue Jays’ Bowden Francis tossed five scoreless innings. He gave up three hits and one walk, while punching out four.

Washington Nationals’ Mitchell Parker worked five scoreless as well. He surrendered five hits and two walks, while striking out five.

Cleveland’s Tanner Bibee got a win after pitching seven innings. He allowed a run on four hits, two walks and a hit batter, while striking out seven.

Atlanta’s Spencer Schwellenbach got the win after working seven innings. He gave up a run on three hits and a walk, while striking out four.

Baltimore Orioles’ Dean Kremer was a winner after tossing five innings. He allowed a run on three hits and two walks, while striking out three.

Miami’s Ryan Weathers allowed a run on six hits, two walks and a hit batter over five innings on his way to a victory. 

Colorado’s Ryan Feltner took a no decision after striking out six over six innings. He surrendered two runs on six hits and a walk.

Tampa Bay Rays’ Ryan Pepiot took a loss after allowing two runs on three hits and four walks over five frames. He struck out six batters.

Top Relief Pitchers

Houston Astros’ Josh Hader, White Sox’s Justin Anderson, Miami’s Jesus Tinoco, Baltimore’s Seranthony Dominguez, Kansas City’s Lucas Erceg, Boston’s Chase Shugart, Detroit’s Beau Brieske and San Diego’s Robert Suarez all earned saves.

Hader got four outs for his save. He didn’t allow a baserunner and struck out three along the way.

Anderson allowed a walk in his inning of work, but used a strikeout to escape without allowing a run.

Tinoco retired five batters to claim his save. He did not allow a baserunner, while striking out one.

Dominguez got the final two outs for his save. He did not record a strikeout.

Erceg struck out two of the three batters he faced in his inning.

Shugart walked two across 2/3 of an inning during his save. He also did not have a strikeout.

Brieske worked two innings and struck out three batters to pick up his save. He allowed a run on a hit and no walks.

Suarez allowed a run on three hits in his inning. He didn’t record a strikeout.

Tampa Bay’s Mason Montgomery worked two scoreless innings and struck out all six batters he faced.

Washington’s Derek Law struck out three batters over two innings. He worked around two hits and a walk.

Cincinnati Reds’ Yosver Zulueta worked 1 1/3 scoreless innings. He didn’t allow a baserunner and struck out three along the way.

#waivers
Facebook Twitter Tumblr E-Mail Reddit

More From FantasySP

TRADE VALUE CHART
TRADE ANALYZER
WHO SHOULD I START
FANTASY ASSISTANT
START OR SIT
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
VIEW MORE TRENDING DECISIONS
TODAY'S BEST
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
SET OPTIMAL LINEUPS WITH THE FANTASY ASSISTANT

Company Careers FAQ RegisterLogin Contact Us Memberships Privacy Policy

© 2007-2025 Wrightsville Gaming LLC. All Rights Reserved.




Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
A RAPTIVE PARTNER SITE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.fantasysp.com/news/mlb/3053213/september-24-fantasy-baseball-takeaways-best-hittingpitching-performances--jorge-polanco-tarik-skubal-heliot-ramos-jack-kochanowicz-michael-harris-ii-and-more 
 ----- 
