Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Alvarez out for Mariners series, but Houston hopes available for weekend
Share
Alvarez out for Mariners series, but Houston hopes available for weekend
September 24th, 2024

Brian McTaggart

@brianmctaggart
Share

0:06

1:33

HOUSTON -- With his team one win from clinching its seventh AL West title in the last eight seasons, Astros slugger Yordan Alvarez was out of the starting lineup for the series opener against the Mariners on Monday because of a sprained right knee. After the game, Astros manager Joe Espada said the slugger would miss the duration of the series, while adding he hoped Alvarez would be available for the club's weekend series in Cleveland.

Espada said an X-ray performed Sunday showed some inflammation in the area and that Alvarez had an MRI on Monday afternoon.

"If there’s a chance for him to come back in the regular season, it’s good news. I hope it would have been just one game, but that’s not the case."

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

“We want to make sure we go in there and check all the boxes, so he’s getting some extra testing done,” Espada said. “I spoke with him this morning and he woke up pretty sore. I was expecting him, praying, that he felt better, but that wasn’t the case. So we’ll see once we get these results, once he walks in here.”

Espada said the MRI was scheduled to be performed regardless of the results of the X-ray.

“We just want to make sure we go deep in there and make sure everything is fine,” he said.

Alvarez, who started Sunday’s game in left field and was 2-for-2, was removed from the game with a right knee contusion following a hard slide into second base. Alvarez slid into second base on a double and was clearly in some discomfort when he stood up. He bent over at the waist and was massaging the knee before hobbling off the field.

Related
Altuve, Alvarez, Valdez named to All-MLB Second Team

November 15th, 2024

Verlander off, Yordan on Wild Card Series roster

October 1st, 2024

Alvarez in lineup for Game 1 of Wild Card vs. Tigers

September 30th, 2024

Astros avoid arbitration with Valdez, all 7 other eligible players

2:09 AM UTC

Astros add pitching prospect Linskey in trade with D-backs

January 8th, 2025

This 18-inning Astros-Braves marathon is worth a revisit

January 8th, 2025

“When he landed, the body weight, he just didn’t feel good,” Espada said.

Alvarez underwent arthroscopic surgery on both knees in August 2020 after suffering knee problems the first two years of his career. He had a slight tear of the patellar tendon in his right knee, which was repaired. On July 6 in Minnesota, Alvarez was struck on the right knee by a 94-mph Joe Ryan fastball and knocked to the ground and missed one game.

Alvarez is wrapping up another standout season at the plate, having hit .308 with 35 homers, 34 doubles and a .959 OPS through 147 games. He has 53 multihit games, which are the most by an Astros player since Michael Brantley had 56 in 2019. Alvarez went 4-for-5 with a home run and a double in Saturday’s win.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Yordan Alvarez
Houston Astros

Supervising Club Reporter Brian McTaggart has covered the Astros since 2004, and for MLB.com since 2009.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/yordan-alvarez-out-of-lineup-sept-23 
 ----- 
