 MENU
My Picks
Seattle Mariners vs Houston Astros Prediction MLB Picks 9/23/24
Home  MLB Picks
 David Racey  September 22, 2024 10:06 pm
Houston Astros (85-71) vs Seattle Mariners (80-76)
Game Info: Monday, September 23, 2024 at 8:10 pm (Minute Maid Park)
Hunter Brown (11-8) (3.57) vs Bryce Miller (11-8) (3.06)
Betting Odds: Houston Astros -155 / Seattle Mariners +130 --- Over/Under: 7.5 Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: MLB.tv

In this article, we will formulate a Seattle Mariners vs Houston Astros prediction for this MLB game on Monday, September 23rd at Minute Maid Park in Houston, Texas. To formulate this prediction for game one in the series, we will examine:

The Mariners' recent form and recent player performance 
The Astros' recent form and recent play performance
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Seattle 
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Houston
Recent betting trends in games played between Seattle and Houston
A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for Today’s Game between Seattle and Houston
Seattle Mariners Betting Preview

The Seattle Mariners are 80-76 this year and they have won three of their last four games. Seattle is coming off of a series win against Texas, where they won two out of three games. Prior to that series, the Mariners lost two out of three against the Yankees, won three out of four against the Rangers, and split two games with the Padres. Seattle is 6-3 in their last nine games and they are second in the AL West. 

The Seattle pitching staff has a 3.52 ERA, a 1.08 WHIP, and a .221 opponent batting average. The Mariners' offense has scored 644 runs with a .223 batting average and a .311 on-base percentage. Cal Raleigh is batting .214 with 31 home runs and 95 RBI’s for the Mariners this season. 

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers
Houston Astros Betting Preview

The Houston Astros are 85-71 this season and they have won four of their last six games. Houston is coming off of a series win against the Angels, where they won three out of four games. Prior to that series, the Astros lost two out of three against the Padres, swept the Angels, and lost two out of three against the Athletics. Houston is 8-3 in their last 11 games and they are first in the AL West. 

The Houston pitching staff has a 3.75 ERA, a 1.24 WHIP, and a .231 opponent batting average. The Astros offense has scored 725 runs with a .263 batting average and a .323 on-base percentage. Yordan Alvarez is batting .308 with 35 home runs and 86 RBI’s for the Astros this season.

Starting Pitchers

The projected starting pitcher for Seattle is Bryce Miller, who is 11-8 with a 3.06 ERA and a 0.99 WHIP over 173.1 innings pitched this year. Miller has allowed one earned run or fewer in three straight starts. The projected starting pitcher for Houston is Hunter Brown, who is 11-8 with a 3.57 ERA and a 1.28 WHIP over 164.0 innings pitched this season. Brown has allowed two earned runs or fewer in four of his last five starts. 

Why the Astros will beat the Mariners
The Astros have won seven of their last eight games against AL West opponents.
The Mariners have lost four of their last five night games against teams that held a winning record.
The Astros have covered the run line in seven of their last eight games as favorites.
The Mariners have failed to cover the run line in five of their last six games as road underdogs after playing the previous day.
Why the Mariners will beat the Astros
The Mariners have won each of their last four games as underdogs against the Astros.
The Astros have lost four of their last five games as favorites against the Mariners following a home loss.
The Mariners have covered the run line each of their last seven games at Minute Maid Park against American League opponents that held a winning record.
The Astros have failed to cover the run line in each of their last six home games against the Mariners following a loss.
Total Runs Facts
Eight of the Mariners' last nine games against AL West opponents have gone OVER the total runs line.
Six of the last seven games between the Mariners and Astros have gone UNDER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Mariners' last three games at Minute Maid Park.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the last three night games between the Mariners and Astros.
Houston Astros Player Prop Facts
Jose Altuve has recorded a Double in each of the Astros' last three games at Minute Maid Park against opponents that held a winning record.
Yainer Diaz has recorded at least one hit in each of the Astros' last 11 home games against opponents that held a winning record.
Yainer Diaz has recorded at least one total base in each of the Astros' last 11 home games against opponents that held a winning record.
Jason Heyward has hit a home run in each of his last two appearances against the Mariners.
Ben Gamel has scored a run in each of his last eight appearances against opponents that held a winning record.
Jose Altuve has recorded an RBI in five of his last six home appearances after playing the previous day.
Jose Altuve has recorded a single in each of the Astros' last six games against the Mariners.
Seattle Mariners Player Prop Facts
Victor Robles has scored at least one run in nine of his last 10 appearances after playing the previous day.
Julio Rodriguez has hit at least one home run in three of the Mariners' last four road games against AL opponents.
Bryce Miller has recorded five or more strikeouts in five of his last six appearances against AL West opponents.
Julio Rodriguez has recorded at least one RBI in five of the Mariners' last six games against AL West opponents.
Victor Robles has recorded at least one Single in each of his last six appearances against the Astros.
Julio Rodriguez has recorded at least one hit in each of the Mariners' last 14 road games against AL West opponents.
Julio Rodriguez has recorded at least one total base in each of the Mariners' last 14 road games against AL West opponents.
Seattle Mariners vs Houston Astros Prediction 

These two teams come into this series at the top of the AL West standings, but Houston does have a five-game lead on Seattle. The Mariners are trying to stay in the AL Wild Card race, but they are running out of time. Seattle is 34-44 on the road this year, while Houston is 45-33 at home. Both teams have played very well recently, so this should be a fun series to watch. I like what I have seen from both starting pitchers in recent outings and I think this is going to be a very low-scoring game. Take the under here. 

David’s Pick
Under 7.5
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: DAVID RACEY
David will find the winners to make you a profit. David uses full season statistics, with an emphasis on recent results, to find the best value. Follow David on Twitter @itsyerboi41

TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-23/seattle-mariners-vs-houston-astros-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
