NFL News
Home
Teams
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Power Rankings
- Oct 6, 2024; Houston, Texas, USA; Buffalo Bills tight end Dalton Kincaid (86) makes a reception during the second quarter against the Houston Texans at NRG Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Troy Taormina-Imagn Images
Buffalo Bills vs. New York Jets DFS Start ‘Em Sit ‘Em | October 14, 2024
Originally posted on Total Apex Fantasy Sports
By Shawn Pettinati  |  Last updated Oct 9, 2024 11:07 PM ET

Monday Night Football heads to the Big Apple in week six, as the 3-2 AFC Leading Buffalo Bills take on the 2-3 New York Jets. New York coach Robert Saleh was fired Tuesday morning, so the Jets will be under the direction of interim coach Jeff Ulbrich. The Bills come in with a two-game losing streak after a last-second field goal at Houston in week five. The Jets were defeated in London against the Vikings last week and will look to avoid falling further back in the AFC East.

Buffalo Bills vs. New York Jets DFS Start ‘Ems

Here are a few of the players we heavily lean on in this game. These players are in a good spot to have a solid performance and a favorable matchup.

Josh Allen ($7.5k DraftKings and $9.4k Fanduel)

You would not know it based on the last two performances, but Josh Allen is QB5 in fantasy. There is no scenario right now where we can not recommend him as a DFS start. We view the last two games as an aberration and not the norm for Allen. Allen is still a dual-threat option and could have all his weapons in the passing game available with the expected return of Khalil Shakir.

Breece Hall ($6.8k DraftKings and $7.5k Fanduel)

Breece Hall is PPR RB13 and averaging 14.3 fantasy points per game. A key metric we found is his usage rate of 8.4 forecasts to regress to higher fantasy output going forward. Last week, Hall had a 74% snap rate and still operates as the lead back in the Jets offense. Bet on the talent and start Breece Hall in Week 6.

Buffalo Bills vs. New York Jets DFS Sit ‘Ems

On the flip side of things, here are a few of the players we recommend sitting in this one.

Ray Davis ($4.1k DraftKings and $5.1k Fanduel)

Davis was a fantasy sleeper in the pre-season and was potentially projected as the Bill’s goal-line back. That simply has not happened. James Cook is being used in the red zone much more this season and last week Ty Johnson was used ahead of Davis. Johnson had the only other running back carries behind Cook against the Texans.

Curtis Samuel ($4.1k DraftKings and $5.3k Fanduel)

Even with no Khalil Shakir last week, Samuel only commanded four targets for one catch and zero yards. The Bills simply do not use Samuel, he has 9 catches in five games and is droppable in season-long leagues.

Total Apex Lock of the Game
Dalton Kincaid ($5.1k DraftKings and $5.9k Fanduel)

Kincaid is TE12, second on the Buffalo Bills in receptions, and close to that breakout game. Last week he had a 74% route share, and 20% target share and tied for the team lead with six targets. Kincaid also led the Bills in passing routes run against the Texans. Kincaid is the second-highest DFS-priced Buffalo Bill behind Shakir on FanDuel, so we are in line here with our process.

Total Apex Fade of the Game
Allen Lazard ($4.7k DraftKings and $5.9k Fanduel)

Lazard’s touchdown rate is not sustainable from a statistical fantasy viewpoint, as Garrett Wilson’s breakout game, and Mike William’s best game from a usage rate last week. Lazard did have 10 targets last week versus Minnesota but only amounted to a 4-34 stat line. Lazard as a fade is not necessarily a DFS sit but a temper expectations DFS outlook.

Conclusion

A bit unknown on the Jets’ side for this game with the interim coach the offensive issues with offensive coordinator Nathanial Hackett and the potential Davante Adams addition. With all that said, there are some nice DFS options and playmakers with the Bills also in this single-game Monday night slate. Josh Allen, Dalton Kincaid, Breece Hall, and Garrett Wilson are elite options to build around.




This article first appeared on Total Apex Fantasy Sports and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Five takeaways from AP NFL All-Pro Team
NFL X factors: AFC wild-card playoffs
The 'Active NFL wild-card rushing leaders' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys react to Cooper Rush's parting message after…
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…
NFL
Giants players make alarming comments after Brian Daboll, Joe…

Shortly after, New York Giants co-owner John Mara confirmed on Monday that he was retaining both head coach Brian Daboll and general manager Joe Schoen, and multiple Giants players publicly backed those decisions. It appears some locker room members privately sang different tunes early into the offseason. "Multiple players said they were 'surprised' Daboll was retained," ESPN's Jordan Raanan revealed in a lengthy article published on Friday. "Some said they were fine with the decision, in part, because he's a player-friendly coach — open to feedback and incorporates a favorable schedule that hardly wore them down. ...The players seem to like Daboll, the person, even though they see signs his program is not destined for success." Since the Daboll-Schoen partnership guided the 2022 Giants to a road playoff win, Big Blue has gone 9-26 (including the postseason) and is coming off a disastrous 3-14 campaign that included the franchise parting ways with Week 1 starting quarterback Daniel Jones in November. Multiple players previously made it known they felt current Philadelphia Eagles running back Saquon Barkley's "presence in the locker room was underestimated by the Giants' brass" before the club let Barkley reach free agency last March. At least one player told Raanan that "it's like your only option is to blindly trust" that New York's regime knows what it's doing. "It's like they make moves off Twitter," a different league source "with knowledge of the Giants' inner workings" told Raanan. The Giants hold the third overall pick for a 2025 draft class that, at best, features two first-round talents at quarterback — Miami's Cam Ward and Colorado's Shedeur Sanders. Barring a surprising development, Schoen will have to either make a blockbuster trade to get one of those signal-callers or address the position later in the draft after he signs a veteran "bridge option" in free agency. "Insecurity, lack of accountability, conviction and veteran leadership in the locker room were some of the reasons pinpointed by those who took stock of what went wrong," Raanan added about what "20 players and coaches" said about the Giants' 2024 season. "This kind of calamity left those on the outside (and inside) wondering whether Schoen and Daboll should be the ones making the decision about the next quarterback or anything else in the organization." For whatever reason, Mara trusts that Schoen and Daboll can make such massive calls and begin a turnaround that includes the club competing for at least a playoff berth this coming December. Along with finding a new starting quarterback for 2025, it seems Schoen and Daboll will also have to win back some players they lost during a season just about everybody involved should want to forget.

NFL
A Big Day For The Las Vegas Raiders And Their Head Coaching Search
The greatest weakness for every NFL team heading into the 2025 draft
Entertainment
The 20 best things that happened on Gossip Girl
NFL
Revealed: The Reason for the Tom Telesco Departure
NFL
Colts make huge Anthony Richardson decision ahead of…
NHL
Ex-NHL defenseman calls Matt Rempe the worst player in the…
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?
What cities should get an NFL expansion team?
MLB
Pete Alonso reportedly makes offer to Mets
NHL
One of Leafs GM Brad Treliving's Former Top Defensemen Has…
College Football
Urban Meyer Doesn't Hold Back Thoughts On James Franklin's…

James Franklin's aggressive coaching cost Penn State a trip to the national title game. During an appearance on FS1's "The Herd" this Friday, former Ohio State coach Urban Meyer offered his thoughts on the Orange Bowl. With less than a minute remaining, Nicholas Singleton had a 13-yard run for Penn State. Instead of keeping the ball on the ground, Franklin dialed up a pass for Drew Allar. Despite being careful with the football all season long, Allar made a dangerous throw over the middle of the field that essentially sinked the team's season. Notre Dame defensive back Christian Gray intercepted Allar's pass with a little over 30 seconds left on the game clock. A few plays later, Mitch Jeter made a game-winning field goal for the Fighting Irish. So, what does Meyer think about Franklin's decision to go for it late in the fourth quarter? He made it clear that he's not a fan of that strategy. Meyer told FS1's Colin Cowherd that Penn State should've played it safe. With overtime looming, there was no reason for the Nittany Lions to get anxious in that spot. "I even said to myself, 'Don't do it.' Play this thing out, run the football one more time. If you get near midfield, then go ahead," Meyer said. "Drew Allar is going to have to live with that one for a long time. But I saw the same thing the country saw. Penn State's receivers had a hard time getting open. You can put this all on the quarterback, but it's not [all on him]." Franklin might not agree with that assessment. He told reporters that he won't pin the loss on one play. "Everyone wants to look at a specific play," Franklin said. "But there's probably eight to 12 plays in that game that could have made a difference. I'm not going to call out specific plays or specific players. There are a ton of plays where we could have done better." Unfortunately for Franklin, he'll have to live with his decision for a while. The only way Penn State fans will get over it is if he gets back to this spot next season.

Entertainment
Which singers have the greatest voices in music history?
NHL
Canadiens goalie could leave the organization for Europe, according to…
MLB
San Francisco Giants Signing Outfielder To Huge Contract Named…
NBA
Chicago Bulls: A mock 4-team trade has been released that involves…

The Chicago Bulls are a team that should be looking to move players off their roster when the February trade deadline rolls around. With the squad sitting three games under .500 at the moment, there isn’t a huge initiative to be buyers and make this a playoff team. Big man Nikola Vucevic was connected to the Golden State Warriors in a trade rumor this week, but even more could be on the horizon for the Bulls. Mock trade has the Chicago Bulls trading Zach Lavine and Torrey Craig The mock trade from Fadeaway World has the Bulls moving on from Lavine and Craig in a deal with the Warriors, Heat, and Pistons: Trade Details Golden State Warriors Receive: Jimmy Butler ($48.7 million), Torrey Craig ($2.8 million) Miami Heat Receive: Andrew Wiggins ($26.2 million), Tim Hardaway Jr. ($16.1 million), Gary Payton II ($9.1 million), 2025 Second-Round Pick (GSW) Detroit Pistons Receive: Zach LaVine ($43.0 million), Haywood Highsmith ($5.2 million) Chicago Bulls Receive: Tobias Harris ($25.3 million), Buddy Hield ($8.7 million), Kyle Anderson ($8.7 million), 2026 First-Round Pick (DET) There is a lot to unpack with this trade for all four parties involved. Butler would be the biggest name on the move in this hypothetical swap. The former Bulls’ star has reportedly been unhappy in Miami for quite some time now and this move would offer him a change of scenery while getting to play with a talent like Steph Curry. Chicago moving off Lavine is something that a majority of the fanbase has been hoping to see for a little while now. The 29-year-old is averaging 23.3 points per game on the season while shooting over 51% from the field. His $43.0 million salary is something that Chicago has not been able to shed, making a move like this interesting for a team desperately needing a rebuild. Craig is in his second season with the Bulls after playing in 53 games and making 14 starts a year ago. The veteran has battled injuries this year, as he had played in just nine games and has made one start. In his limited time this season, Craig has 6.9 points, 2.8 rebounds and 0.6 assists per game while shooting 48.9% from the field. The SC Upstate product is in his seventh NBA season and when healthy could make for a solid bench piece on a playoff team. The Chicago Bulls would be getting three players and a nice draft pick In order to somewhat match the salaries of Lavine and Craig, the Bulls would be taking on the Tobias Harris contract from Detroit. In year one of his second stint with the Pistons, Harris has carved out a solid role for himself with a team that is much improved from last season. The veteran is averaging 13.3 points, 6.5 rebounds, and 2.5 assists per game while shooting 44.6% from the field with the young Detroit nucleus. Hield is putting up some decent numbers as well in his first season with Golden State. The 2016 first round draft choice is averaging over 12 points per game and is shooting over 38% from beyond the arc. He would bring a much-needed three-point shooting option to the Chicago bench. Anderson would just be a throw-in piece for the Bulls in this trade. He’d be coming with Hield from the Warriors where he too is in his first season with the organization. Anderson hasn’t averaged more than 10 points per game since the 2020-21 season, and currently averages 15 minutes per contest out of the 30 he has appeared in so far this season. The Bulls getting a first round draft pick in this deal is not a bad thing whatsoever. Despite Detroit improving and taking big strides, the front office most likely never saw themselves being able to fetch a first in any type of deal for Lavine. However, in a big blockbuster trade like this along with Lavine’s numbers this year, it makes a whole lot of sense for Chicago.

NBA
Zion Williamson gets suspended after playing a single game
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NHL
Canucks GM confirms Elias Pettersson news
NHL
Bruins star strongly fires back after report of locker room issue 
NHL
Elliotte Friedman Reveals the New York Rangers Most Coveted…
College Football
Paul Finebaum Names Major College Football Fan Base Whose…
MLB
Yankees land incredible bargain on exciting infielder
The 20 most iconic bands to hail from Canada
NHL
Canucks stumble into matchup with Maple…
NHL
Sam Montembeault Makes a Big Request to Canadiens Coaching…
College Football
Cotton Bowl takeaways: Ohio State advances to CFP championship…

The College Football Playoff championship game is set. Thanks to Ohio State's 28-14 win over Texas on Friday night, the Buckeyes are on their way to the championship game where they will face the Notre Dame Fighting Irish. They will have a chance to become the second consecutive Big Ten team to win it all. Here are some takeaways from their big Cotton Bowl win on Friday night. Knee-jerk reaction: Ohio State looks like the best team in the country Yes, the Buckeyes lost two games this season. Yes, they had horrible vibes coming into the playoffs after losing to Michigan in the regular-season finale and missing out on a chance to win the Big Ten. To say they rebounded from that would be a laughable understatement. After completely dominating Tennessee and Oregon in the first two rounds of the playoffs, Ohio State delivered another emphatic win in the semifinal over another top team. While the outcome might have still been in doubt late in the fourth quarter as Texas had the ball with a first-and-goal trailing by only a touchdown, it never really felt like Texas was going to win. The Buckeyes dominated the line of scrimmage on both sides of the ball, and had it not been for some careless self-inflicted penalties that hurt them in field position to stall drives, this game could have easily gotten out of hand. Through three playoff games, Ohio State played the No. 1 (Oregon), No. 3 (Texas) and No. 7 (Tennessee) teams in the CFP rankings. It won all three games by a combined score of 111-66. That is impressive. It should also have Notre Dame fans concerned. Game MVP: Jack Sawyer, defensive end, Ohio State Ohio State's defense limited Texas to just 14 points and team captain Jack Sawyer played a significant role in that. He also made a player that will forever be remembered by Ohio State fans with his sack, scoop-and-score in the final two minutes to put the game away. Game-changing play: TreVeyon Henderson's touchdown just before halftime While Sawyer's touchdown put the game away, running back TreVeyon Henderson changed the momentum of the game just before halftime with his 75-yard touchdown that helped make up for a foolish penalty earlier in the half that helped stall an Ohio State drive. That came with just seconds remaining in the half, and one snap after Texas had just driven to tie the game. All Texas had to do was not allow a big play. It failed. Worst call of the game: Texas' goal-line offense With less than three minutes to play and trailing by a touchdown, Texas drove all the way down to the Ohio State one-yard line with the help of two consecutive pass interference penalties in the end zone. It seemed like it was only going to be a matter of when, and not if, Texas would tie the game. Instead, the Longhorns faced a second-and-one from the one-yard line and instead of just trying to power it into the end zone called a toss play wide outside and got dropped for a seven-yard loss. That completely derailed the drive, and after a third-down incompletion quarterback Quinn Ewers was sacked, resulting in Jack Sawyer's scoop-and-score. They got too cute at a time when they just needed to be smart and physical. The SEC's run of dominance is over For the second year in a row, there is no SEC team in the College Football Playoff. For the second year in a row, there is a Big Ten team and there were two Big Ten teams in the semifinals this season. The SEC might still be a great conference. It might even still be the best overall conference from top-to-bottom. But the gap between it and the other power conferences in college football is nowhere near what it used to be.



MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More NFL News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nfl/articles/buffalo_bills_vs_new_york_jets_dfs_start_em_sit_em_october_14_2024/s1_17457_41029538 
 ----- 
