Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
AFCON 2023:  Goalkeeper Onana to miss Cameroon’s opener
Goalkeeper Andre Onana made up the decision to stay with his club, Manchester United in the English Premier League as they prepare to face Tottenham Hot Spurs on Sunday, 14th January 2024.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
JANUARY 10, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Andre Onana Credit: John Batanudde
Overview:

Besides Andre Onana, Cameroon’s other choices in goal include Devis Epassy, Simon Ngapandouetnbu and Fabrice Ondoa.

Tournament: 2023 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON)
Duration: 13th January – 11th February 2024
Host Country: Cote D’Ivoire
Venues: Abidjan (Alassane Ouattara Stadium, Felix Houphouet Boigny Stadium), Bouake City (Stade de la Paix Stadium), Korhogo City (Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium), San Pedro city (Laurent Pokou Stadium), Yamoussoukro City (Charles Konan Banny Stadium)

Cameroon’s goalkeeper Andre Onana is set to miss his country’s opening match against Guinea at the 2023 African Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Cote D’Ivoire.

Onana made up the decision to stay with his club, Manchester United in the English Premier League as they prepare to face Tottenham Hot Spurs on Sunday, 14th January 2024.

Andre Onana, Cameroon goalkeeper (middle)

The duel against Guinea will be played on Monday, 15th January 2024.

“We held constructive talks between the player (Onana) and the Cameroon Football Federation” Manchester United manager Erick Ten Hag was quoted by Daily Mirror.

Cameroon’s other choices in goal include Devis Epassy, Simon Ngapandouetnbu and Fabrice Ondoa.

Cameroon is pooled in group C alongside the reigning champions Senegal, Guinea and The Gambia and will be based in Yamoussoukro city at the Charles Konan Banny stadium.

Other Groups:

In group A, hosts Cote D’Ivoire will face off with Nigeria, Equatorial Guinea and Guinea-Bissau.

Record champions Egypt will square up against Ghana, Cape Verde and Mozambique in group B.

Algeria, Burkina Faso, Mauritania and Angola are in group D.

Group E has Tunisia, Mali, South Africa and Namibia.

Another pre-tournament favourite Morocco is pooled in group F alongside Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), Zambia and CECAFA region’s only representatives, Tanzania.

The tournament will officially kick off on 13th January and close on 11th February 2024.

Venues:

There are five cities that will host this tournament. The capital Abidjan has two stadia; Alassane Ouattara Stadium and Felix Houphouet Boigny Stadium.

There is Bouake City (Stade de la Paix Stadium), Korhogo City (Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium), San Pedro city (Laurent Pokou Stadium) and Yamoussoukro City (Charles Konan Banny Stadium).

Groups:

A: Cote D’Ivoire, Nigeria, Equatorial Guinea, Guinea-Bissau
B: Egypt, Ghana, Cape Verde, Mozambique
C: Senegal, Cameroon, Guinea, The Gambia
D: Algeria, Burkina Faso, Mauritania, Angola
E: Tunisia, Mali, South Africa, Namibia
F: Morocco, Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), Zambia, Tanzania
DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
Infrastructure development dominate Magogo’s New Year Address on Football
Will CHAN serve as the perfect dress rehearsal for AFCON 2027?
Kalyowa, Express seek redemption against despairing Bright Stars
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2025 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/01/10/afcon-2023-goalkeeper-onana-to-miss-cameroons-opener/ 
 ----- 
