The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Cubs eliminated from playoff contention with loss to Nationals
“It was a tough year,” said starter Kyle Hendricks, who went 5⅓ innings, allowing four runs and nine hits with two strikeouts. “Just up and down, right about .500 with our record. Just seemed like we’d catch steam and then couldn’t maintain it.’'
By  Kyle Williams   Sept 21, 2024, 10:53pm UTC

Juan Yepez scores past Miguel Amaya during the second inning Saturday at Wrigley Field.

Nuccio DiNuzzo/Getty

SHARE
COPY LINK

As soon as right fielder Joey Gallo made contact with reliever Keegan Thompson’s 89.3 mph cutter up in the zone, the air was sucked out of Wrigley Field.

Gallo mashed a three-run shot that extended the Nationals’ lead to five as the Cubs’ offense disappeared in a 5-1 loss Saturday. The Mets’ victory against the Phillies eliminated the Cubs (79-76) from playoff contention.

“It was a tough year,” said starter Kyle Hendricks, who went 5⅓ innings and allowed four runs and nine hits with two strikeouts. “Just up and down, right about .500 with our record. Just seemed like we’d catch steam and then couldn’t maintain it.”

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
Cubs and new star Kyle Tucker file for arbitration
Porter Hodge can raise bullpen's ceiling even as Cubs continue addressing position
Brian Matusz, former Orioles and Cubs pitcher, dies at 37
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
Cubs sign veteran reliever Caleb Thielbar to one-year deal
LATEST STORIES
Mexican Americans who visit homeland are at risk of deadly violence
Blackhawks' Alec Martinez finally feeling better after fluky neck injury sent him to hospital
15-year-old handling gun accidentally shot in Chicago Lawn
It's long overdue for women's volleyball to have more women coaches
Here's what you need to know about credit card defaults
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
DEAR ABBY
Dear Abby: My late friend’s lonely husband calls me too much
The many conversations, usually about irrelevant nonsense, are becoming invasive.
By Abigail Van Buren  Jan 10, 2025, 12:00pm UTC
THE WATCHDOGS
Egg prices soaring. It's nearly $9 at some Chicago grocers.
The Sun-Times visited 14 stores in various neighborhoods from Big Oaks to Edgewater, Morgan Park to Midway, and Bucktown and Austin to see what consumers were paying.
By Bob Chiarito | For the Sun-Times  Jan 10, 2025, 11:30am UTC
HEALTH
These West Side churches are working with a hospital to fight high blood pressure among Black Chicagoans
It’s a real life story involving Rush University Medical Center and the Alive Faith Network,a coalition of West Side churchs, that Josh Neufeld, a comics journalist, tells in the form of a comic book.
By Josh Neufeld | The Journalist’s Resource  Jan 10, 2025, 11:30am UTC
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Friday, January 10, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 10, 2025, 6:01am UTC
COLLEGE SPORTS
Notre Dame advances to CFP title game thanks to Jeter's 41-yard field goal
Irish rally past Penn State in thrilling game that saw 31 points scored in fourth quarter
By AP  Jan 10, 2025, 4:27am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2024/09/21/cubs-officially-eliminated-from-playoff-contention-after-saturdays-5-1-loss 
 ----- 
