Report ad
Deseret NewsDeseret MagazineChurch News
Print Subscriptions
Latest
Politics
Utah 
Sports 
Opinion
Magazine
More 
GO
Report ad
UTAH JAZZ
SPORTS
Jazz rookie Isaiah Collier working to gain insight while rehabbing hamstring
USC product patiently biding his time as he waits for his return to the court
Published: Nov 3, 2024, 10:12 a.m. MST
VIEW COMMENTS
SHARE
Isaiah Collier of the Utah Jazz puts up a shot during preseason game against the Houston Rockets at the Delta Center in Salt Lake City on Monday, Oct. 7, 2024. Brice Tucker, Deseret News
By Sarah Todd
Sarah Todd covers the NBA and Utah Jazz for the Deseret News.

This article was first published as the Jazz Insiders newsletter. Sign up to receive the newsletter in your inbox each Friday.

It’s been a whirlwind few days for the Utah Jazz rookies. Cody Williams went from being a low-minute rotation player to starting and Kyle Filipowski went from being out of the rotation to starting due to injuries to Taylor Hendricks and Lauri Markkanen, respectively. But there’s still one Jazz rookie who has yet to make his NBA debut: Isaiah Collier.

Collier, the 29th overall pick in the 2024 draft, suffered a hamstring strain after coming down awkwardly on his right leg during a preseason game in San Antonio on Oct. 12. He said that it’s the first hamstring injury that he’s ever had and he’s trying to listen to the medical and training staff as much as possible as he rehabs the injury. But it’s definitely frustrating for the rookie who has had to watch his teammates experience their NBA firsts while he watches from the sidelines.

“I think it sucks for any injury, missing games and things like that,” Collier said. “Just taking it day by day ... wanting to be out there with the guys that you’ve been with all summer. So, I mean, patiently waiting and looking forward to getting out there when I can.”

On Oct. 24, the Jazz said that Collier was continuing to make progress toward a return and had been cleared to return to on-court activities and would be reevaluated in 10 days. That reevaluation date is Sunday, so we’ll hopefully be getting a clearer picture of when Collier might be able to rejoin the Jazz or at least start practicing in full five-on-five settings.

Though this is Collier’s first hamstring injury, it’s not the first time he’s had to watch his teammates play without him. At USC last year as a freshman, Collier sustained an unspecified right-hand injury that required a surgical procedure. But, after being out for four weeks, Collier came back and was playing even better than before — scoring more points, shooting at a higher percentage, and handling the ball with fewer turnovers.

View Comments

He credited his play at the time with the way that he studied and was able to stay engaged while he was rehabbing. He’s hoping now with the Jazz he can have the same type of success.

“It was about seeing it from different point of view,” Collier said. “I feel like the college game was different for me, so I had to sit back and learn a lot. And the NBA is a different game as well. So the learning process will definitely help me ... the film sessions for sure ... just being able to break little things down. The point guard, I think that’s the hardest position in the game, to be honest. So sitting there, day by day, watching film.”

Collier, once able to rejoin the rotation, will likely get a shot taking over the minutes that Patty Mills is currently occupying (about 15 minutes per game). Anything more than those minutes will depend on Collier’s performance.

Justin Zanik, Jazz general manager, and Utah Jazz draft pick Isaiah Collier, 29th overall pick, speak during a press conference at the Utah Jazz Zions Bank Basketball Campus in Salt Lake City on Tuesday, July 2, 2024. | Jeffrey D. Allred, Deseret News
New with the Jazz
RELATED
Jazz devastated by Taylor Hendricks’ injury
Quote of the week

“I just keep telling myself, it’s 82 games ... so it’s a whole lot of games left.” — Isaiah Collier on missing the first games of the season.

From the archives
RELATED
Lauri Markkanen passed on Netflix’s ‘Starting 5’
Instead of tracking wins and losses, this Utah Jazz season is about tracking player development
Extra points
In order to teach effectively, Will Hardy is having to change the way he coaches (Deseret News)
Jazz address urgency and body language in lengthy film session (Deseret News)
The Bible verse Taylor Hendricks shared following his major injury (Deseret News)
Jazz fall to 0-5 on the season as Victor Wembanyama has historic game (Deseret News)
Around the league
Orlando Magic’s Paolo Banchero out indefinitely with torn oblique.
Bronny James nets first NBA points in homecoming game in Cleveland.
Lakers decline third-year option for Jalen Hood-Schifino.
Up next
Nov. 2 | 8 p.m. | Utah Jazz @ Denver Nuggets | KJZZ
Nov. 4 | 6:30 p.m. | Utah Jazz @ Chicago Bulls | KJZZ
Nov. 7 | 6 p.m. | Utah Jazz @ Milwaukee Bucks | KJZZ
Nov. 9 | 3 p.m. | Utah Jazz @ San Antonio Spurs | NBA TV

Jazz Insiders

Get the inside scoop on your favorite team in this email for true Jazz fans.

SUBSCRIBE
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
Browse All Newsletters
You Might Also Like
Looking for comments?
Find comments in their new home! Click the buttons at the top or within the article to view them — or use the button below for quick access.
VIEW COMMENTS
Most Popular
Katie Ann Powell, a Utah native, wins award at Miss America pageant
The world's largest humanitarian crisis is now a genocide
Justin Trudeau resigned as Canadian prime minister. Here's how Trump responded
Photo gallery: Infernos in Southern California
Gov. Cox to join Trump at Mar-a-Lago dinner with other governors
5 takeaways from Trump press conference — including hostages held by Hamas, control of Panama Canal, NATO
34 players with Utah ties are headed to this year’s NFL playoffs. Are there more BYU or Utah players?
Houses of worship among the buildings destroyed by Los Angeles fires
Why does Donald Trump want Greenland?
Most Commented
495
What Trump promises to do on Day 1
406
Why is Trump talking about Greenland? Trump Jr. visits the island
186
Perspective: Child abuse is child abuse, no matter where it occurs
107
New billboards on I-15 highlight need for support against antisemitism
60
Latter-day Saint resources and volunteers mobilizing to aid southern California
COMPANY
About Us
Editorial Staff
Careers
REACH OUT
Contact Us
Technical Support
Advertise
Send Us a Tip
Do Not Sell My Info
GET MORE
Newsletters
Print Subscription
iOS App
Android App
Deseret News Marathon
CONNECT
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Copyright © 2025 Deseret News Publishing Company. All Rights Reserved
Terms of UsePrivacy NoticeCA Notice of CollectionCookie PolicyCookie Settings
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Cookie Settings Accept Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.deseret.com/sports/2024/11/03/utah-jazz-rookie-isaiah-collier-rehab-update/ 
 ----- 
