News
Today's news
US
Politics
World
Tech
Climate change
Health
Science
Originals
Newsletters
Life
Health
Parenting
Style and beauty
Horoscopes
Shopping
Food
Travel
Autos
Gift ideas
Buying guides
Entertainment
Celebrity
TV
Movies
Music
How to Watch
Interviews
Videos
Finance
My portfolio
News
Markets
Sectors
Screeners
Personal finance
Videos
Crypto
Industries
Sports
Fantasy
Daily fantasy
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
Soccer
College football
Show all
New on Yahoo
Creators
Games
Tech
Editions
US
© 2024
All rights reserved.
Search query
Mail
Sign in
Advertisement
Close this content
Top Stories
Closest-ever approach to sun
Mexico tests detainment app
MAGA infighting on X
Romance scammer
Severe weather impacts flights
NKorea soldier captured
Ainsley Earhardt
Christmas tree disposal
Eye drops recalled
NY subway fire death
Olympics Apologize For Colossal Mistake At Opening Ceremony
AP
Sat, July 27, 2024 at 3:22 PM UTC
3 min read

PARIS — Olympic Games organizers said they “deeply apologize” for introducing South Korea’s athletes as North Korea during the opening ceremony in Paris.

As the South Korean athletes waved their nation’s flag on a boat floating down the Seine River on Friday evening, they were announced in both French and English as the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. South Korea is the Republic of Korea.

“We deeply apologize for the mistake that occurred when introducing the Korean team during the opening ceremony broadcast,” the International Olympic Committee said in a post on X in Korean.

Advertisement

Jang Mi Ran, the second vice minister of South Korea’s Culture, Sports and Tourism Ministry, requested a meeting with IOC President Thomas Bach over the incident, the ministry said in a statement Saturday. It said the ministry also asked South Korea’s Foreign Ministry to file “a strong government-level complaint” with the French government.

Athletes from South Korea ride a boat along the Seine during the opening ceremony. Anadolu via Getty Images
More

The statement said South Korea’s Olympic committee separately asked the organizers of the Paris Games to prevent the recurrence of similar incidents.

Bach called South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol on Saturday and apologized over the incident, Yoon’s office said in a statement.

Yoon told Bach that the South Korean people were “very shocked and embarrassed” over the incident and asked him to offer an apology via media and social media and prevent the recurrence of similar mistakes. Bach told Yoon that he would take all available steps not to repeat it, according to Yoon’s office.

Advertisement

IOC spokesperson Mark Adams called the error “clearly deeply regrettable.”

“An operational mistake was made. We can only apologize, in an evening of so many moving parts, that this mistake was made,” Adams said in response to a question from a South Korean journalist during a news conference.

Athletes from North Korea during the Paris Olympics' opening ceremony. Anadolu via Getty Images

The Korean peninsula has been bitterly divided into South Korea and North Korea since the end of World War II in 1945.

The blue sign on the boat carrying the South Korean athletes did show the correct name.

The mix-up echoed another during the 2012 Olympics in London, where organizers posted the South Korean flag on a jumbo screen as a North Korean player was introduced before a women’s soccer match, leading the North Koreans to refuse to take the field for nearly an hour.

Advertisement
More in World
North Korean soldiers kill themselves to avoid capture in Ukraine, U.S. says
NBC News
Ex-NFL Star Antonio Brown Accused of Failing to Disclose Property in Bankruptcy Battle
In Touch Weekly
An altercation erupts at a high-level meeting of a Russia-dominated economic union
Associated Press
Malaysian man publicly caned for Islamic crime of close proximity
Reuters

In another opening ceremony glitch Friday, the Olympic flag featuring the five rings was upside down when it was hoisted toward the end of the ceremony.

“It’s regrettable,” Adams said. “In a four-hour show occasionally things happen. We can all move on from that one, it’s not the end (of the world).”

After the flag was raised, the broadcast by the IOC’s own television operations did not show any close-up images of it. Typically, flagpoles at Olympic ceremonies have a mechanism that blows a breeze across the flag to stretch it out. On Friday, the Olympic rings flag hung limply down next to the pole.

Related...

Harrison Butker Warns 'God Is Not Mocked' Over Drag Queens At Olympic Ceremony

Ralph Lauren Ripped To Shreds For U.S. Outfits At Olympics Opening Ceremony

Of Course Paris Has 'Ménage À Trois' Trending For Sexy Opening Ceremony Bit

Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
View comments
About Our Ads
Solve the daily Crossword
27,289 people played the daily Crossword recently. Can you solve it faster than others?
Crossword
Play on Yahoo
Advertisement
Recommended articles
UFC full fight: 'Korean Zombie' sleeps Dustin Poirier with nasty D'Arce choke in big upset win
MMA Junkie
Magnus Carlsen quits World Rapid and Blitz Championships after refusing to change out of jeans
CNN
Drew Carey Steps In After 'The Price Is Right' Audience Becomes 'Judgmental'
TheBlast
Bill Belichick’s Girlfriend Jordon Hudson, 24, Made Herself Custom University of North Carolina Gear
Us Weekly
Bears-Seahawks 'Thursday Night Football' finale sets season record for fewest points
USA TODAY Sports
Wisconsin quarterback transfers to Big 12 program
Badgers Wire
Bowl game schedule today: Breaking down the five college football bowl games on Dec. 27
USA TODAY Sports
“60 Foot” Waves Blast California Coast, Wreak Havoc (Video)
SURFER Magazine
BREAKING: Cornerback Xavier Lucas: ‘Wisconsin is refusing to release me to the transfer portal’
Badgers Wire
CM Punk Runs To The Ring In Towel And Shower Cap At WWE MSG Event
Wrestle Zone
LeBron James says Christmas Day belongs to NBA, not NFL. Here's what TV ratings show
USA TODAY Sports
The top MLB free agents left as Corbin Burnes reportedly lands deal
NBC Sports Philadelphia
Greg Gumbel, legendary CBS broadcaster, dies at 78
Yahoo Sports
Kirk Herbstreit Stirs Controversy for Comments Made About Chicago Bears QB Caleb Williams
Us Weekly
St. Louis Cardinals photographer spots ‘one-in-a-million’ yellow cardinal
KTVI
Mavericks-Suns brawl ends with 3 ejected after punch thrown
Yahoo Sports
Golden State Warriors' receive tough blow in pursuit of Jimmy Butler
Warriors Wire
‘These Guys Are All Rich And Fat’: DWTS’ Val Chmerkovskiy Recalls What He Learned After Being ‘Humbled’ During His First Season On The Show
CinemaBlend
Bowling Green's punter threw a dart on a fake punt for a 68 Ventures Bowl TD
FTW Outdoors
Patrick Mahomes explains why he snubbed Netflix’s festive cake after Chiefs’ win
The Independent
Browns set to have zero coveted free agents in 2025
Browns Wire
Bruins Forward Blasts Team After Embarrassing Loss
The Hockey News - Boston Bruins
Alex Cooper Bought Her Parents a House After Signing $125 Million Deal with SiriusXM: 'The Least I Could F------ Do'
People
Instant reactions to the Texas A&M football team's loss against USC in the Las Vegas Bowl
Aggies Wire
Matthew Berry's Love/Hate for Week 17 of 2024 season
NBC Sports
NFL news, injury updates: Jalen Hurts remains in concussion protocol, Josh Allen loses feeling in throwing hand
Yahoo Sports
NBA coaches react with dismay over firing of 2-time coach of the year Mike Brown
Associated Press
7 potential wide receivers for Patriots from PFF's top-50 free agents
Patriots Wire
Bruins Coach Shares Big David Pastrnak News
The Hockey News - Boston Bruins
Chris Kreider Takes Accountability Following Shocking Benching
The Hockey News - New York Rangers
Stipulation Added To WWE Women’s World Title Match At WWE RAW On Netflix Premiere
Wrestle Zone
Fantasy Football Week 17 Start Sit Decisions: Fire up the Bucs
NBC Sports
Who are the Packers most likely to face in the NFC wild-card round of 2024 playoffs? Scenarios, odds, schedules
Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
Nick Aldis Gives Kevin Owens An Ultimatum On WWE SmackDown
Wrestle Zone
QB Teddy Bridgewater, fresh off coaching alma mater to HS state title, coming out of retirement to sign with Lions
Yahoo Sports
Big Ten men's basketball power rankings: Oregon and Maryland move up, Purdue falls
Indianapolis Star
Reddy's first Test ton gives India hope in Australia
BBC
Former Ohio State running back Chip Trayanum transfers once again
Buckeyes Wire
Bears players react to 'sell the team' chants at Soldier Field
Bears Wire
Who is the mysterious Steeler responsible for the struggling defense?
Steelers Wire
OU football suffers 'humiliating' Armed Forces Bowl loss to Navy: Social media reacts
The Oklahoman
Golden State Warriors' receive tough blow ahead of facing LA Clippers
Warriors Wire
USC makes season-ending statement in thrilling Las Vegas Bowl comeback over Texas A&M
LA Times
Fantasy Football: Week 17 WR rankings (Full-PPR)
Yahoo Sports
What Detroit Tigers signing Gleyber Torres means for Spencer Torkelson, Colt Keith in 2025
Detroit Free Press
Depleted Notre Dame defense hopes to make an impact against Georgia in CFP quarterfinals
Associated Press
AEW Worlds End 2024 live results: Full card, start time, winners and losers, updates and highlights
Uncrowned
Fantasy Football: 6 players who could help win you a championship in Week 17
Yahoo Sports
Report: Update On Jordynne Grace’s TNA Contract Status, Interest From WWE
Wrestle Zone
Urban Meyer makes his prediction for Peach Bowl clash between Texas and Arizona State
Longhorns Wire
Advertisement
Yahoo!
US
Politics
2024 Election
World
Health
Science
The 360
Contact Us
Originals
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Site Map
Follow us on
Download our app
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yahoo.com/news/olympics-apologize-colossal-mistake-opening-152248043.html 
 ----- 
