SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Australia vs Palestine World Cup qualifier being played 'for the people'

Topic:
Sport

Tue 11 Jun
Tuesday 11 June

Mohammed Rashid will play for Palestine tonight in Perth as they take on the Socceroos.

abc.net.au/news/australia-vs-palestine-world-cup-qualifier-mohammed-rashid-chat/103962622
Link copied
Share article
In short:
Palestine and Australia face each other in tonight's World Cup qualifier at Perth Rectangular Stadium.Palestine has already made it through to the next round of qualifying despite playing 28 games on the road.
What's next?
 Australia and Palestine have topped their group in qualifying and will play in the next round in September.

Mohammed Rashid once worked as a forklift driver in a Chicago warehouse.

Fast forward to these grim times and Rashid, along with his Palestine soccer teammates, carry a heavier weight knowing success on the field offers a little respite from the war raging in Gaza.

Amid the horrifying backdrop of the Israel-Hamas war, now in its eighth month, an inspired Palestine has produced a stirring run to reach the third round in Asia of World Cup qualifying for the first time.

"What doesn't kill you makes you stronger," Rashid said in Perth on Monday, ahead of Palestine's match with Australia at 10:10pm Tuesday. 

"We're here for one cause and one goal.

"Whoever is on the team has to perform. There is no other way to it."

Palestine, 93rd in the world rankings, has never come close to reaching the World Cup via the Asian Football Confederation's qualifying route. 

Palestine celebrate after their game against Lebanon in June. (Getty Images: Noushad Thekkayil)

With the 2026 tournament expanding to 48 teams, and Asia's automatic qualification allocation doubling to eight, Palestine has a legitimate chance to make history.

Palestine and Australia meet at Perth Rectangular Stadium tonight to complete the Asian second round. Both teams are safely through to September's next stage.

"Of course, it's (the World Cup) a big dream," Rashid said. 

"Everything is possible. There's a lot of hard work that needs to be done before we get there."

Palestine team officials discourage politically charged questions at press conferences. But the players are willing to publicly engage in conversations about the devastation in Gaza. 

More than 36,700 Palestinians have been killed, according to the Gaza Health Ministry, which does not differentiate between civilians and combatants in its counts. 

Hamas and other militants killed some 1,200 people in the October 7 attack on Israel, mostly civilians, and took about 250 people hostage.

"It (playing) gives the chance to raise the name of Palestine to the whole world, and the World Cup is the biggest platform for this," Rashid, a defensive midfielder, said. 

"What's happening right now is affecting all of us. You can't help but be affected by it."

Rashid was on a college soccer scholarship in Illinois from 2013-17 before signing with the Palestinian Premier League one year later.

The Palestine Football Association became a full member of FIFA in 1998.

The team, affectionately known as Al Fida'i (The Warriors), had only moderate success at the regional level until recently. Preaching a disciplined style of play, mirroring the resolve of its players, Palestine has conceded only one goal in five matches in this qualifying cycle.

It has been a remarkable effort given Palestine has not played on home soil since 2019, having been forced to host matches in Kuwait and Qatar. Players have had to flee for safety and seek overseas leagues.

ABC Sport Daily podcast

ABC Sport Daily is your daily sports conversation. We dive into the biggest story of the day and get you up to speed with everything else that's making headlines.

"This is the hardest part (not playing at home)," said Rashid, who plays club soccer for Bali United in Indonesia. 

"The last time we played Saudi Arabia at home, it was a full house. People were climbing trees to watch the game.

"We've had 28 [straight] games away, which is rough. But we're always playing for our people."

While the players try to avoid making inflammatory remarks, the team's mere existence is seen as a political statement with controversy inevitably not far away. 

PFA president Jibril Rajoub was denied a visa into Australia. Rajoub is also a politician and chair of the Palestine Olympic Committee.

"These decisions are made at arm's length by the bodies, by the immigration department," Australia Prime Minister Anthony Albanese said.

Rashid and his teammates are hoping to put that setback aside and continue to provide a rallying cry for Palestinians.

"When it comes to [soccer], you try to get your head out of it (the controversy)," he said. 

"This (Palestine matches) is the only thing they (Palestinians) are watching. The only thing giving them hope.

"For us, this is a big motivation."

Editor's note: The original version of this article, written by the Associated Press and published by the ABC, stated that "most United Nations members do not recognise Palestine as a country, including the US and Australia". While the US and Australia do not recognise Palestine as a country, more than 139 of 193 member states at the UN do recognise Palestine as a country, with 143 out of 193 members voting in favour of a Palestinian bid for full UN membership on May 10 this year, including Australia. (12/6/24)

AP

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Tue 11 Jun 2024 at 7:31am
Tuesday 11 Jun 2024 at 7:31am
, updated Wed 12 Jun 2024 at 6:17am
Wednesday 12 Jun 2024 at 6:17am
Related stories

Topic:
Australia Soccer

Palestinian football boss says Australia denied visa 'under the pressure' of Israel ahead of FIFA qualifier
Photo shows Jibril Rajoub wearing a blue blazer and white button-down shirt

Topic:
Sport

Arnold says Socceroos will have nine changes for World Cup qualifer
Photo shows Football coach Graham Arnold on the touchline, screaming instructions to his players

Analysis by Michael Janda

With Australia's national teams riding high, why is the A-League on the brink of collapse?
Photo shows A woman looks on with her hands behind her head.
Related topics

Perth

Soccer

Sport

Top Stories
'Up yours, long COVID': The women refusing to let their baby dreams die

Topic:
COVID-19

Photo shows Covid illustration
School chaplain killed in shark attack off Central Queensland coast

Topic:
Shark Attacks

Schoolgirl survivor of 'comic book killer' furious over preservation of artwork at Grafton jail

Topic:
Art

Musk vows 'war' over work visa in first row with MAGA supporters

Topic:
World Politics

Plane carrying 181 crashes into fence in South Korea

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

Just In
Bushwalker's body found in Tasmania's remote south-west

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

11m ago
11 minutes ago
Plane carrying 181 crashes into fence in South Korea

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

Just now
Preparation, planning key to safety and etiquette at busy boat ramps

Topic:
Outdoor Recreational Activities

18m ago
18 minutes ago
The Brisbane International kicks off in steamy conditions

LIVE

23m ago
23 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-06-11/australia-vs-palestine-world-cup-qualifier-mohammed-rashid-chat/103962622 
 ----- 
