Yengi stars, Irankunda scores as Socceroos thrash Palestine in Perth

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Sydney Morning Herald
Advertisement
SportSoccerFIFA World Cup

This was published 6 months ago

Yengi stars, Irankunda scores as Socceroos thrash Palestine in Perth
By
Jonathan Drennan
Updated June 12, 2024 — 12.25amfirst published June 11, 2024 — 9.46pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
Posts area
Latest posts
LATEST POSTS
 12.25am On Jun 12, 2024
Yengi stars as Socceroos beat Palestine 5-0

Socceroos forward Kusini Yengi scored two goals before Nestory Irankunda added the icing on the cake as Australia posted a 5-0 World Cup qualifier victory over Palestine in Perth.

Yengi opened the scoring in Tuesday night’s clash via a fifth-minute penalty, and he made it 3-0 in the 41st when he produced some fancy footwork to bamboozle the Palestine defence.

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2024-12-29:79f8246d417d7cddffe8758d Player Element ID: videoPlayer6354829957112
OK
Close Modal Dialog

The 25-year-old’s beautiful through ball helped set up Martin Boyle for Australia’s fourth goal in the 53rd minute in a comprehensive display from the home side.

Irankunda, who came on in the 70th minute for just his second international cap, scored via the penalty spot in the 88th minute.

The 18-year-old, who has signed with German giants Bayern Munich, celebrated his maiden Socceroos goal with a trademark backflip.

The result meant Australia ended this phase of qualifying with a perfect six wins from six outings, and a dominant 22-0 for-and-against goals record.

Adam Taggart celebrates.
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

Australia were hoping for South Korea to either draw or lose to China in Group C on Tuesday night.

If that result had eventuated, Australia would have jumped ahead of South Korea in the world rankings, thus ensuring the Socceroos would be seeded third in Asia and avoid Japan and Iran in the next phase of qualifying.

South Korea ended up beating China 1-0, meaning the Socceroos will now have one of either Japan, South Korea or Iran in their group for the next phase.

Socceroos coach Graham Arnold made eight changes to his starting line-up from the team that beat Bangladesh 2-0 in Dhaka last week, with only goalkeeper Joe Gauci, Jackson Irvine and Yengi holding their spots.

Kusini Yengi starred in Perth.
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

A crowd of 18,261 fans attended Tuesday’s match, and the Palestinian supporters easily drowned out their Australian counterparts.

Palestine’s players were left fuming after the Socceroos were awarded a soft penalty in the third minute when Aziz Behich clattered into his opponent

With no VAR available the penalty stood, and Yengi sent his shot low and to the left to narrowly evade the goalkeeper’s outstretched glove.

Local fans entered the match hoping for some hometown magic, and Adam Taggart delivered it in the 26th minute with a nice one-two move with Martin Boyle.

Boyle controlled Taggart’s lobbed pass with his head before squaring the ball back to the star Perth Glory striker, who made no mistake from close range.

Despite being 2-0 down, Palestine continued to attack hard whenever given the chance, forcing defender Alessandro Circati to make some important blocks.

RELATED ARTICLE
Australian soccer
Former Wests Tigers bosses buy stake in Newcastle Jets

Palestine’s bad luck continued in the 41st minute when Boyle, who appeared to be in an offside position, set up Yengi’s second goal.

Yengi’s sweet footwork bamboozled his defender, allowing him to nail the goal from close range.

The 3-0 half-time scoreline wasn’t enough to satisfy Australia, and Yengi’s beautiful through ball helped set up a fourth goal in the 53rd minute.

Taggart latched onto Yengi’s pass before unselfishly squaring across to Boyle for a simple tap-in.

It meant Boyle had two assists and a goal to his name.

Injury hit in the 57th minute when Taggart lunged for a goal, with the veteran striker gingerly limping off.

AAP

 12.09am On Jun 12, 2024
A lot to be pleased about

That was a very enjoyable game of football tonight in Perth for those of you who are still burning the midnight oil with me here in Sydney.

Graham Arnold made the most of this dead rubber by really stretching out his squad and showing talent all over the park. Also what a difference a great surface and an opposition who want to play football make.

The standouts were Martin Boyle who caused chaos for Palestine with two assists and a goal, Parma’s Alessandro Circati on his second cap in front of his home fans in Perth was outstanding in defence. Another hometown hero Adam Taggart was industrious up front, working well with Portsmouth’s Kusini Yengi who provided danger for the Palestine defence all night.

The bench wasn’t bad either with Nestory Irankunda saying goodbye to Australia with a well taken penalty ahead of his move to Bayern Munich.

Perth certainly played its role with brilliant noise from both sets of fans, the scoreline was slightly harsh on Palestine who certainly could not be faulted for their industry tonight.

It bodes well for the Socceroos ahead of their next qualifying phase in September, not a bad way to sign off for the moment. Australia certainly enjoyed their homecoming.

Australia 5 Palestine 0 at full time

Martin Boyle celebrates scoring
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

 11.58pm On Jun 11, 2024
Another penalty for Australia to make it 5-0

We have another penalty that nobody in the stadium or in the Socceroos saw.

The referee has got it spot on, Yaser Hamed has given away another one. Hamed had a point with the first penalty perhaps, but he can have no complaints about that as he handballed like a goalkeeper with an outstretched fist.

Nestory Irankunda steps up and gets his first international goal and that’s a very popular one with the fans.

This has been a complete performance from the Socceroos.

Australia 5 Palestine 0 after 85 minutes

Rami Hamada questions the referee’s decision to award a second penalty
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

Advertisement
 11.49pm On Jun 11, 2024
Australian momentum slowed by Dabbagh effect

I don’t know if we can fully credit the introduction of Oday Dabbagh for Palestine’s increased energy, even at 4-0 down, but he has certainly added a new dimension.

Palestine look a very different side with their top scorer in the mix, not only as a goal threat, but also in his smart link up play.

Kusini Yengi and Mathew Leckie are off, replaced by Cameron Devlin and Jordan Bos.

Australia 4 Palestine 0 after 78 minutes

 11.44pm On Jun 11, 2024
Palestine still working

Despite being 4-0 down, Palestine are still working hard to create chances.

They are enjoying their best period of the game since a very bright opening few minutes that were quelled by the penalty.

Moustafa Zeidan gets Palestine’s first chance that stings the palms of Joe Gauci in the Australian goal.

It’s impressive industry from Palestine who are refusing to give up. Oday Dabbagh is showing his quality up front and his experience with Charleroi in the top Belgian league, providing the Socceroo’s defence with a reason to stay alert.

Australia 4 Palestine 0 after 73 minutes

Jackson Irvine wrestles for the ball
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

 11.35pm On Jun 11, 2024
Changes made

Keanu Bacchus is replaced by St Pauli’s Connor Metcalfe. A great performance from Bacchus in Perth.

Newcastle Jets’ Apostolos Stamatelopoulos is also finally on to make his debut up front.

Martin Boyle comes off after a incredible night of work, two assists and one goal to make way for Bayern Munich bound Nestory Irankunda.

Australia 4 Palestine 0 after 65 minutes

Advertisement
 11.28pm On Jun 11, 2024
Boyle nearly gets his second

That was extremely close. Keanu Bacchus puts a beautiful ball for Martin Boyle who tries to chip the goalkeeper who just does enough to palm it away.

Adam Taggart throws his body at the goal and comes off worse in a collision. He limps off the field and wants to continue, but Graham Arnold tells him he’s done enough for tonight. Substitution coming soon and it will be Apostolos Stamatelopoulos making his international debut.

Australia 4 Palestine 0 after 60 minutes.

Palestine fan in Perth
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

 11.24pm On Jun 11, 2024
Another for Australia

Australia are absolutely cruising and looking brilliant doing it.

Slick work from Kusini Yengi who threads a ball through to Adam Taggart who unselfishly plays it to Martin Boyle who adds a goal to his two assists. He couldn’t miss.

Boyle has been exceptional tonight on his 29th appearance.

Australia 4 Palestine 0 after 54 minutes

HBF Park during Australia v Palestine
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

 11.20pm On Jun 11, 2024
Perth

The Socceroos are not regular visitors to Perth, in fact, this is Graham Arnold’s first visit as Australia coach to the ground, but HBF Park is working nicely as a venue tonight.

It’s a nice compact ground with the Palesitne fans still making themselves heard despite the gulf in class so far between the teams.

More Socceroos games in Perth please.

Australia 3 Palestine after 50 minutes

Socceroos fans making themselves heard
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

 11.15pm On Jun 11, 2024
What’s coming next

Australia look extremely comfortable and with Palestine offering little goal threat, Graham Arnold will start shuffling the magnets on his board and getting the bench moving.

It will be interesting to see who is coming on, Apostolos Stamatelopoulos could well be getting his debut up front.

Here we go for the second half, no chances so far.

Martin Boyle with the ball
CREDIT:
GETTY IMAGES

LATEST

1 of 3

OLDEST
MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
Kyrgios slams ‘cheat’: Australian on comeback trail hits out at world No.1
The moment the Boxing Day Test took a turn for the worse for Australia
Their ‘little gladiator’: Team Konstas absorbs Sam’s supernova debut
‘Stupid, stupid, stupid’: Gavaskar explodes after Pant’s ‘reckless’ dismissal
‘The worst experience I’ve ever had sailing’: Winning Hobart skipper reveals his fear
‘One of the best barbecues I’ve seen’: Lyon sledges Kohli, Indian superstar reacts to crowd
BACK TO TOP
The Sydney Morning Herald
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Age
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Celebrations
Place your ad
Commercial Real Estate
THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2024

SUBSCRIBE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.smh.com.au/sport/soccer/socceroos-world-cup-qualifiers-live-australia-host-palestine-in-perth-20240611-p5jksr.html 
 ----- 
