SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Australia to make nine changes for FIFA World Cup qualifier against Palestine

Topic:
Sport

Tue 11 Jun
Tuesday 11 June

Graham Arnold is expected to make several changes to the Socceroos line-up to face Palestine in Perth. (AAP: Dan Himbrechts)

abc.net.au/news/australia-to-make-nine-changes-for-world-cup-qualifer-palestine/103961832
Link copied
Share article
In short:
Australia is expected to make nine changes from their last match when they face Palestine.Australia is guaranteed progression to the next round of FIFA World Cup qualifying.
What's next?
Australia will face Palestine on Tuesday night in Perth, with kick-off at 10:10pm AEST

Socceroos coach Graham Arnold says he will make a whopping nine changes to his starting side for Tuesday night's World Cup qualifier against Palestine in Perth.

The Socceroos beat Bangladesh 2-0 last week on a Dhaka pitch Arnold deemed unsafe.

Australia are already guaranteed passage through to the next phase of qualifying after winning their opening five games.

Mitch Duke and Kye Rowles will not be risked against Palestine for fear of picking up another yellow card — which would rule them out of the first game of the next phase of qualifying.

All players' records will be cleared for the start of the next phase.

ABC Sport Daily podcast

ABC Sport Daily is your daily sports conversation. We dive into the biggest story of the day and get you up to speed with everything else that's making headlines.

Alessandro Circati, Gethin Jones, Martin Boyle, Mathew Leckie and Cameron Burgess are strong chances of earning a start against Palestine after not featuring against Bangladesh.

"You'll see nine different starters tomorrow," Arnold said.

"It's about winning. But this window for me is also about testing some players and looking at the players in a different way of moving forward.

"I'm happy with where we're at today with the depth of the squad.

"When I first started five, six years ago, if you put the starting 11 against the reserves, it could have been two or three nil for the starting 11.

"Whereas I think these days the starting 11 against the subs, it's 0-0, it's a tough game."

With just one game to go in the current World Cup qualifying phase, Australia's for-and-against goals record stands at 17-0.

Arnold wants his team to finish the current phase without conceding a single goal, and he does not believe the mass changes will disrupt his side's momentum.

"It's important that you have stability, but I've had these boys now for quite a long time and they know what I want and expect," he said.

"My expectations are always high for everyone. There'll be no confusion. It will be a very well prepared team that will put in a great performance

"My goal for the players is to keep another clean sheet and go through this whole phase with no goals against

"I think there's only been three teams in the history of AFC football that have done that in this phase."

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe

AAP

Posted Tue 11 Jun 2024 at 4:01am
Tuesday 11 Jun 2024 at 4:01am
Related stories

Topic:
Sport

'It's unacceptable': Arnold blasts dangerous pitch as Socceroos see off Bangladesh in World Cup qualifier
Photo shows Socceroos

Topic:
Sport

Teen sensation to be named in Socceroos squad just days after flagging he could switch allegiances if he misses out
Photo shows Nestory Irankunda pictured representing Australia
Related topics

Australia

Australia Soccer

Soccer

Sport

Top Stories
'Up yours, long COVID': The women refusing to let their baby dreams die

Topic:
COVID-19

Photo shows Covid illustration
School chaplain killed in shark attack off Central Queensland coast

Topic:
Shark Attacks

Schoolgirl survivor of 'comic book killer' furious over preservation of artwork at Grafton jail

Topic:
Art

Musk vows 'war' over work visa in first row with MAGA supporters

Topic:
World Politics

Plane carrying 181 crashes into fence in South Korea

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

Just In
Bushwalker's body found in Tasmania's remote south-west

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

11m ago
11 minutes ago
Plane carrying 181 crashes into fence in South Korea

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

Just now
Preparation, planning key to safety and etiquette at busy boat ramps

Topic:
Outdoor Recreational Activities

18m ago
18 minutes ago
The Brisbane International kicks off in steamy conditions

LIVE

23m ago
23 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-06-11/australia-to-make-nine-changes-for-world-cup-qualifer-palestine/103961832 
 ----- 
