Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Final days of our appeal
Make a year-end gift now to fund our journalism
Support us
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
World
Europe
US
Americas
Asia
Australia
Middle East
Africa
Inequality
Global development
View image in fullscreen
A warning sign near Yena Road in Kurnell, south Sydney, where two women drowned after being swept off the rocks on Monday afternoon. Photograph: Bianca de Marchi/AAP
Sydney
 This article is more than 6 months old
Sydney Indian community mourning after two women swept to sea by large wave
This article is more than 6 months old

Sydney Malayalee Association confirms the identity of two women who died after being hit by wave while picnicking

Follow our Australia news live blog for latest updates
Get our morning and afternoon news emails, free app or daily news podcast
Mostafa Rachwani and Australian Associated Press
Tue 11 Jun 2024 03.26 EDT
Share

The Sydney Malayalee community is mourning the deaths of two women who were swept out to sea by a large wave in the city’s south on Monday.

In a post to Facebook, the Sydney Malayalee Association confirmed the identities of the two women as 35-year-old Marwa Hashim and 38-year-old Nirsha Haris.

The Malayalee ethnic group are from the Kerala region in south India.

John Jacob, the organisation’s public officer, said the community were saddened by the news of their deaths, and that the two women were well known for providing free catering to community events.

“The whole community are sad about it, they were both very popular and well known.

“They were very active in the community, they both worked in catering and would provide traditional meals from the Kerala region at community events.

“Much of the community visited their family home today, its a tragedy. And it was so sudden too, its an unimaginable accident.”

Emergency services were called to Yena Road at Kurnell in the Sutherland shire about 4.30pm on Monday. New South Wales police Supt Joe McNulty said the women had been picnicking in the Botany Bay national park.

A third woman also swept from the rock shelf was recovering in hospital.

The incident comes only two weeks after two Nepali rock fishers were swept out to sea and drowned nearby.

McNulty said the wave would have hit them like a “tonne of bricks”.

Sign up for Guardian Australia’s free morning and afternoon email newsletters for your daily news roundup

“There is an extended rock platform that does protrude out into the ocean and, when a wave hits that, it stands up and has a significantly extra amount of force that would knock those people from their feet and drag them back into the water with the reclining wave going back into the ocean,” he said.

McNulty said the low tide at the time, coupled with larger swells than normal and the slippery seaweed that covers the area, made for a “perfect set of conditions for anyone to be swept away”.

The third woman was saved by a group of people passing by, who helped her out of the cold water.

Two women dead after being swept off rocks near Kurnell two weeks after fishermen drowned
Read more

Rescue crews pulled the two women unconscious from the water after a nearby police helicopter spotted them in the water.

Despite attempts by crew members to perform CPR on the boat, the women were unable to be revived.

Less than a fortnight ago, two fishermen drowned after being swept off the rocks at Cape Solander Drive in an area that has been declared a high-risk fishing location, with anglers having to wear lifejackets there.

McNulty said there were signs in the area warning of dangerous conditions but he could not say if they were translated into any other language.

“It’s a warning sign in several languages, but I don’t know exactly what language it’s in,” he said.

“We do appeal for assistance from the ethnic media in particular, to get our message across, translated into other languages and dialects to keep them alive. That’s our aim.”

Community leader Anil Pokhrel from the Non-Resident Nepali Association said not enough was being done to support community efforts to educate new migrants on water safety, and to actually teach them to swim.

“There is a lack of awareness in the community, we come from a landlocked country. But we don’t have enough work being done to reach communities, we don’t have enough support to actually direct us to the right places and strategies.

“We haven’t received as much support as we should have.”

Stacey Pidgeon, the national manager of research and policy at the Royal Life Saving Society, said more could be done to reach out to migrant communities.

“We understand the community’s frustration,” she said. “Unfortunately we know that many water safety campaigns and messages only run during the summer months and school holiday periods.

“We agree that water safety messages need to be promoted all year around to ensure that messages are received and understood by the community.”

She pointed to the work already done to educate migrant communities, including translations of water safety campaigns into 14 languages, as well as the Australian Water Safety Strategy 2030, which identified multicultural communities as a key area for reducing drowning.

“There are many great initiatives going on around the country for multicultural communities, from water safety education theory presentations, practical programs at the beach and pool and water safety information available in-language,” she said.

“While it would be great to see more of these programs for multicultural communities, unfortunately resources and funding often restrict the availability of such programs around the country at the community level.”

 This article was amended on 11 June 2024. A previous version of the story incorrectly said the two women who died were Nepali.

Explore more on these topics
Sydney
New South Wales
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
World
Europe
US
Americas
Asia
Australia
Middle East
Africa
Inequality
Global development
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/article/2024/jun/11/kurnell-drowning-sydney-women-dead-swept-off-rocks-botany-bay-national-park-sutherland 
 ----- 
