SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Miami Freedom Park
Club
Tickets
Shop
International Duty
International Duty Roundup: Nine Inter Miami CF Academy Players Called Up for National Team Duty in Sept./Oct.
Mauricio Venegas

Friday, Oct 11, 2024, 06:27 PM

The Inter Miami CF Academy presented by Baptist Health features prominently on the global stage in September and October with nine players representing their respective national teams in official tournaments, training camps and friendly matchups. Let’s take a look at our Academy’s representatives around the world on international duty!

Sergio Perello (Venezuela U-15 National Team)

Academy player Sergio featured for Venezuela’s U-15 in a series of fixtures from Sept. 15 to 23.

Cadriano Marsh and Cai McLean (Jamaica U-17 National Team)

Academy duo Cadriano Marsh and Cai McLean were called up to parttake in a training camp with Jamaica’s U-17 national team in Kingston, Jamaica from Oct. 11 through 15 as the team continues preparations for qualifiers ahead of the FIFA U-17 World Cup in Qatar in 2025.

Connor Dale (U.S. U-15 MYNT)

Goalkeeper Connor Dale features in the U.S. U-15 Men’s Youth National Team 24 player roster for the team’s training camp from Oct. 13 to 19 in West Palm Beach, Fla.

Sean Gormley (Peru U-15 National Team)

Academy player Sean Gormley was called up by Peru’s U-15 side to compete in the currently ongoing U-15 South American Championship taking place in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia from Oct. 4 through 19. Gormley and Peru were drawn into Group A of the tournament alongside hosts Bolivia, Paraguay, Colombia and Chile.

The team defeated Bolivia 1-0 in their opening fixture, followed by defeats against Paraguay and Chile. Peru is set to face Colombia in their final group stage fixture in the U-15 South American Championship on Saturday, Oct. 12,.

Victor Fung (Venezuela U-20 National Team)

The Inter Miami Academy defender was called up by Venezuela’s senior side, notably being part of a group of players from the country’s U-20 side that are currently training alongside the senior players as they take on Argentina and Paraguay in Conmebol World Cup qualifiers during the FIFA window in October.

Cristian Ortiz, Sebastian Otero, Adrian Rosario (Puerto Rico National Team)

The Academy trio was summoned by Puerto Rico’s senior side for the team’s fixtures this FIFA window in League B of the 2024/25 Concacaf Nations League. Cristian Ortiz, Sebastian Otero and Adrian Rosario will have the opportunity to impress as Puerto Rico face Sint Maarten on Oct. 11 and Oct. 14 in matchdays three and four of the Concacaf Nations League.

For additional coverage of our teams, you can follow our Academy’s journey online via X @InterMiamiAcad and Instagram @InterMiamiCFAcademy.

Mauricio Venegas
INTERNATIONAL DUTY
ACADEMY
ACADEMY NEWS
Related Stories
International Duty: Four Inter Miami CF Players Represent Club Abroad in November FIFA Window
Called Up: Four Inter Miami CF Players to Represent Their Countries in Upcoming FIFA Window
International Duty: Four Inter Miami CF Players Represent Club Abroad in October FIFA Window
Club Sites
Club
Tickets
News
MLSSOCCER.COM
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.intermiamicf.com/news/international-duty-roundup-nine-inter-miami-cf-academy-players-called-up-for-national-team-duty-in-sep-oct 
 ----- 
