NBA
Washington Wizards
Wizards' Kyle Kuzma to miss special Mexico City game vs. Heat with groin injury

Kyle Kuzma will miss his second consecutive contest for the Wizards

By 

Joshua Valdez

Oct 31, 2024 at 7:05 PM ET

The Washington Wizards sans-Kyle Kuzma won their second straight game against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday night. Now, they must go on the road and try to win short-handed again.

Kuzma will be out on Saturday, via The Athletic's Josh Robbins.

“Kyle Kuzma (groin strain) will not play in the Wizards' game in Mexico City against the [Miami] Heat, coach Brian Keefe said,” Robbins reported. “Kuzma sustained the injury during the Wizards' victory Monday in Atlanta.”

Kuzma bounced back on Monday after a rough first two games, scoring 25 points on 8-20 shooting (5-of-9 3pt) with 11 rebounds and seven assists across 40 minutes before departing. The 29-year-old shot just 9-of-32 over the first two games.

Will Washington handle the Heat without him?

The Heat matchup will be a growing experience for Wizards
© Lucas Peltier-USA TODAY Sports

Washington showed promise on both ends of the floor against the Hawks, with second-year wing Bilal Coulibaly shutting down star guard Trae Young on Monday and all three of its rookies showing out in Wednesday's 133-120 victory. Miami, though is a different beast. Erik Spoelstra's squad has gone on multiple deep playoff runs this decade, and Jimmy Butler, Bam Adebayo, and Tyler Herro are a handful for any defense.

However, Wizards head coach Brian Keefe welcomes the challenge.

Joshua Valdez
@joshvaldez100
·
Follow

Wizards coach Brian Keefe discusses Saturday’s challenging Mexico City matchup vs. the Heat

Watch on Twitter
9:13 PM · Oct 31, 2024
2
Reply
Copy link
Read 1 reply
Expand Tweet

“Obviously a championship organization, how they play a defensive mindset,” Keefe said about the Heat on Thursday. “Obviously, this is a team that's been to the Finals, Eastern Conference Finals the last couple years. Great challenge, lots of good players, looking forward to the trip.”

Related Washington Wizards News
Article continues below
Wizards vs. Bulls prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/10/2025
2h
Wizards’ Jared Butler achieves NBA dream despite loss vs. 76ers
14h
Wizards vs. 76ers prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
2d
Wizards’ Kyle Kuzma leaves Rockets game with lower-body injury
2d

The 48-year-old was also asked about the wear-and-tear of a five-hour international flight amid the grind of the season.

“We do have one day in between the practice, but I think it's just a mindset thing,” Keefe continued. “Both teams are dealing with the same circumstances, so we don't use it as anything other than that. We've got a game, play the game.”

With the Wizards still in their rebuilding phase, the top priority is to see the young players shine. With Kuzma out again, Keefe could start the rookie trio of Alex Sarr, Bub Carrington, and Kyshawn George for the second straight game. Sarr and George each had 11 points on Wednesday, while Carrington had 16.

Sarr, though, will have to prove his worth against three-time All-Star and 2024 NBA All-Defensive First Teamer Bam Adebayo. Keefe sounded off on one of the No. 2 overall pick's biggest challenges yet.

“Great respect for Bam, but we're still working on us. We're worried about getting Alex better on a day-to-day basis,” the UNLV alum said. “Bam's obviously great, got such great respect for him, but we got a couple of days before it, so we're still focused on ourselves and we'll get to Miami probably in the next day or two.”

While Washington's 2-2 record is encouraging, this season is still about player development over wins and losses. Showdowns against playoff-caliber teams, though, do provide a litmus test for how the young core stacks up against the best.

Playing in Mexico City adds another wrinkle, as the long flight and the destination's altitude make an already-taxing schedule harder. Putting up another quality performance in these circumstances would show resilience, a common trait shared by all great athletes.

The two teams square off at 9:30 PM EST on Saturday at Arena Ciudad de Mexico.

Joshua Valdez started his journalism career as the Sports Editor for the Rutgers University newspaper before becoming an associate editor for ClutchPoints, covering the MLB, NFL, NBA, and soccer. He's also the beat reporter for the Washington Wizards and Mystics.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Heat trade proposal lands De’Aaron Fox in Kings blockbuster
3 days ago
10 worst players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
10 best players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
1 day ago
The perfect Nuggets-Heat trade that pairs Jimmy Butler with Nikola Jokic
15 hours ago
2025 NBA All-Star predictions: Victor Wembanyama, Cade Cunningham earn first nods
2 days ago
10 most overrated players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
3 weeks ago
NBA rumors: Heat’s Jimmy Butler trade offers ‘stink’
2 days ago
Charles Barkley did not stutter about ‘best team in the NBA’
1 day ago
Ranking 3 best Bradley Beal trade destinations after Suns benching
3 days ago
NBA rumors: Lakers, Nuggets among teams Bradley Beal would waive no-trade clause for
3 days ago
Ranking best CJ McCollum trade destinations if Pelicans blow it up
3 days ago
Kyle Kuzma
NBA Injury
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/wizards-news-kyle-kuzma-miss-special-mexico-city-game-heat-groin-injury 
 ----- 
