Skip to content
Subscribe Now
21°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO WHITE SOX
The day after loss No. 121: Chicago White Sox are ready to wrap up a historically woeful season
White Sox left fielder Andrew Benintendi hits a two-run home run against the Tigers in the eighth inning on Sept. 28, 2024, in Detroit. (Paul Sancya/AP)
By LAMOND POPE | lpope@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 28, 2024 at 6:31 PM CST

DETROIT — Infielder Nicky Lopez recalled the phone call he received in November from Atlanta Braves president of baseball operations Alex Anthopoulos informing him he had been traded.

“I wasn’t sure at first where and then he said the Chicago White Sox and I was just like, if I was to go somewhere, why not go home?” Lopez told reporters at the time.

Even though the season will wrap up Sunday with the Sox holding the record for the most losses in modern-day Major League Baseball history, the Naperville Central graduate still has fond memories of 2024.

“Whether we won 100 games or we lost 100 games, it still can’t take away the dream of playing for a hometown team, whether it’s the Cubs or the White Sox,” Lopez told the Tribune on Saturday morning at Comerica Park. “Not many athletes can say they came home. It was a dream come true.

“Obviously it was a tough year. But it was one that I will definitely never forget.”

It has been a record-setting season for the Sox. Just not the type any team would want to make.

The Sox suffered their 121st defeat Friday, surpassing the modern-day mark of 120 losses held by the expansion 1962 New York Mets, by falling 4-1 to the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park.

The Sox topped the Tigers 4-0 on Saturday in front of a sellout crowd of 41,933, just their second victory in 12 chances in the season series.

Sox starter Sean Burke followed a 2-hour, 20-minute rain delay with five scoreless innings. The right-hander allowed two hits, struck out six and walked three.

“It sucks but they have to deal with it too,” Burke said of pitching in the rain. “It’s nothing I haven’t pitched in before. I’m from Massachusetts and pitched for a Big Ten school (Maryland) so I’m used to pitching in this stuff. Once I got my footing, I settled in.”

White Sox designated hitter Bryan Ramos celebrates his home run against the Tigers in the second inning on Sept. 28, 2024, in Detroit. (Paul Sancya/AP)

Bryan Ramos (solo) and Andrew Benintendi (two-run) hit home runs. Benintendi’s blast, in the eighth inning, was his 20th of the season — matching a career high.

“It hasn’t always gone our way, but one thing they have done is compete and not give in and not fold,” interim manager Grady Sizemore said. “And even here late in the year, it would be easy to cash it in and go through the motions. But we aren’t doing that. Guys are playing hard and having fun and still competing.”

The Sox are 40-121 heading into Sunday’s season finale.

While the Sox will go down in history as the team with the modern record for most losses, first baseman/designated hitter Gavin Sheets will remember his teammates as “a group that stayed together through a lot.”

“This is something that nobody can ever prepare for,” Sheets said after Friday’s loss. “And I think everybody in this clubhouse did an extremely good job of handling it. There’s been managerial turnover (with Pedro Grifol being fired on Aug. 8), there’s been player turnover, there’s been outside news.

“Anything you can throw at a group of guys has been thrown at us. I would say the way we stuck together and just continued to battle together and be professionals, that’s all you can ask for during a time like this.”

Lopez knew that as the losses piled up, so would the national attention.

“You can’t take back what happened,” Lopez said. “It’s been a tough year, but it’s one of those you’ve got to keep pushing forward and make the necessary adjustments this offseason and hope that next year’s a little bit different.

“With the national media and all that, we knew it was going to happen. We had to just stay together in here and keep improving every single day.”

He said Sizemore helped in that department.

“Grady’s been awesome,” Lopez said. “He’s been unbelievable. A breath of fresh air in the second half. I really do hope he’s here next year. He gets it. He’s played 10 years in the big leagues. He’s been in our shoes. He has persevered through things. And he gets it. He knows what it takes to be a player and he also knows how the game is, and he has our back.

“He’s a pro. He’s someone who made it a little easier this second half, for sure.”

Sizemore said the players “showed a lot this year.”

“It’s not the year we wanted,” he said after Friday’s game. “It’s not the numbers that we want. But that doesn’t mean it’s a total loss. We can build from this. We can learn from this and get better. We’ll be stronger because of it. These guys, there’s a lot left in the tank. No one is feeling sorry for themselves in there. They’re frustrated and they’re hungry and they want to get better.”

Lopez said while it’s been a challenging year, “it wasn’t a work ethic issue.”

“This team came every single day and worked,” he said. “I give everybody in this clubhouse credit for that. It’s easy, when you’re losing games, to not go in and get your work in and do the necessary things to prepare for a game. A lot of people can fall into that trap and we didn’t. We came in and worked.

“It wasn’t due to a lack of effort, that’s for sure. It was one of those years we couldn’t figure it out. But it will go on, careers will go on. Keep hanging on to the positives and you’ve got to leave the negatives in the rearview mirror.”

Originally Published: September 28, 2024 at 6:29 PM CST
Around the Web
Unlock Neuropathy Relief: Simple Nightly Trick Rebuilds Nerves
2025 Neuropathy Guide
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Forgotten Restaurant Chains No One Remembers Anymore
Definition
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Frozen!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
9 Years Ago Most Beautiful Twins. Their Appearance Today Will Shock You
novelodge
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
The Fungus Will Disappear in 3 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Xitox
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
YourBump
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Neuro Zoom
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
Las Vegas: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Las Vegas: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
15 Most Unhealthy Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
Health Natural
Greta Thunberg's House Shocks the Whole World, the Proof in pics
Foodie Friend
Vertigo Dizziness? Do This Immediately (Watch)
The Daily Survivor
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Las Vegas: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Apartments: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Surgeon: Do This & Your Hair Will Grow Like Never Before
WG Hair Restore
Neurologist: 97% of People With Neuropathy Don't Know This Crucial Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
10 Foods You Cannot Eat When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Do You Know What Squamous Cell Carcinoma Is? Look!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Lincoln Park 5-bedroom home with heated garage, outdoor spaces: $1.5M
Judge releases woman who stabbed a classmate to please Slender Man from a psychiatric hospital
CPS CEO Pedro Martinez injunction hearing postponed by judge
Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M
Chicago couple first to sue ex-Sgt. Ronald Watts in line for $7.5M settlement
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Today in Chicago History: 7 found dead inside Brown’s Chicken in Palatine
Bird flu: Here’s what Illinois residents should know, following the first US death from the virus
Leo Segedin, artist whose magic realism often depicted his West Side youth, dies at 97
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs
Chicago White Sox sign Josh Rojas to a 1-year deal, adding a versatile veteran to their infield options
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
2024
September
28
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/28/chicago-white-sox-detroit-tigers-121-day-after/ 
 ----- 
