Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Tigers superfan has on-field experience of a lifetime after clinch
Share
Tigers superfan has on-field experience of a lifetime after clinch
September 28th, 2024

Brent Maguire

@bmags94
Share
;

8 SECONDS REMAINING

What better way to enjoy your favorite team celebrating a playoff berth than doing so with the club itself?

After Detroit clinched its first playoff berth since 2014 on Friday, the team brought down Tigers superfan Josh Tebeau to bask in the celebration. Tebeau was enjoying the Tigers’ playoff clinch from his seats when a couple of security guards waved him down to the field -- at the request of several Detroit players.

As Tebeau made his way down, you can see him embracing Tigers players such as ace left-hander Tarik Skubal before being invited to be in the team picture. Tebeau assumed he would park himself in the back of the team photo before Tigers players forced him to the front of the picture.

In Tebeau’s hands was a sign that originally said, “Don’t let the Tigers get hot." The sign needed an update, however, with the Tigers’ recent play, so Tebeau added the word “stay” over "get" to create a "Don't let the Tigers stay hot" sign.

There’s another fun part of the story. At the end of his interview, Tebeau shares a story involving a pumpkin seed of all things. In April, Tebeau attended a game where Skubal tossed him a pumpkin seed, rather than a sunflower seed. To Tebeau, this was a “premonition” since pumpkin seeds are associated with Halloween and the month of October which, of course, is the month that hosts playoff baseball each season.

Related
Skubal, Tigers agree to $10.15M deal to avoid arbitration

3:28 AM UTC

Torres renews Tigers' Venezuelan connection

January 7th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Hinch on 2025: 'We’re trying to be better'

January 3rd, 2025

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

“It’s the coolest thing that’s ever happened to me. I’m the luckiest, most grateful person in the world,” Tebeau said about his experience. “You know what though? This isn’t about me. It’s about the team, and we ain’t done.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Detroit Tigers

Brent Maguire is a reporter for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/tigers-superfan-joins-team-for-on-field-celebration-after-playoff-clinch 
 ----- 
