 
Latest News
National
Sports
World
Business
Entertainment
Technology
Health
Today's Paper
Top Story
Opinion
Newspost
Editorial
Magazines
TNS
Instep
Money Matters
YOU
US
Writer's Archive
Sports
Pak vs NZ: Babar Azam, Mohammad Rizwan register another record
Babar Azam and Mohammad Rizwan, Pakistan's spectacular opening pair, rewrite record books as they smash most 50+ partnerships
By Faizan Lakhani
April 15, 2023
Pakistan's opening pair Babar Azam (right) and Mohammad Rizwan bump fists during a match against New Zealand in Lahore, on April 15, 2023. — Twitter/@TheRealPCB

Babar Azam and Mohammad Rizwan, Pakistan's spectacular opening pair, rewrote record books as they smashed most 50+ partnerships after taking New Zealand's bowlers to the sweepers in the second T20I of the five-match series in Lahore on Saturday.

This was the 19th 50+ partnership between the skipper and the wicket-keeper-batter in T20Is — the most by any pair in this format.

They are followed by India's Rohit Sharma and KL Rahul with 15 partnerships of 50+.

It must be noted that the home side leads the series 1-0 after winning the first T20I on Friday by 88 runs at the same venue.

The visitors made two changes for the second T20I with Henry Shipley in for Adam Milne and Cole McConchie replacing Ish Sodhi, who has a calf niggle. Meanwhile, Pakistan remained unchanged in the contest.

Eight Kiwis are missing because of the Indian Premier League (IPL) and skipper Kane Williamson has a bad knee injury, leaving the captaincy to batsman Tom Latham — and providing plenty of opportunity for newcomers to shine.

The remaining three T20 matches are on April 17 in Lahore, and 20 and 24 in Rawalpindi.

Pakistan and New Zealand will also meet in five one-day internationals after the T20 series, honing preparations for this year´s 50-over World Cup in India.

The tour comes as something of compensation for New Zealand pulling out of their visit to Pakistan on the day of the first game in September 2021, citing security concerns.

The Black Caps played two Tests and three ODIs in Pakistan just three months ago.

Rickelton’s double ton powers South Africa to 429-5 against Pakistan
Injured Saim Ayub out of remainder South Africa Test
Second Test: Rickelton, Bavuma stabilise South Africa at 316/4 on day 1
Saim Ayub suffers ankle injury during second South Africa Test
Ravi Shastri anticipates Rohit Sharma’s Test cricket exit
Australia drop Marsh, hand Webster debut for fifth India Test
South Africa willing to keep momentum going in final Test against Pakistan
Who is expected to be part of Pakistan's Champions Trophy squad?
Newcastle's Isak, Joelinton leave Manchester United with 4th consecutive loss
MCG attendance record shattered during fourth India vs Australia Test
Australia take seven wickets after tea to beat India in Melbourne
Babar Azam among nominees for ICC Men's T20I Cricketer of the Year award
South Africa defeat Pakistan by two wickets in first Test

South Africa qualify for ICC World Test Championship final after grabbing victory over Pakistan

Pacers help Pakistan take control as South Africa lose three wickets in 148-run chase

Mohammad Abbas removes two Proteas batters as Khurram Shahzad dismisses one ahead of stumps

Saim Ayub nominated for ICC Men's Emerging Cricketer of the Year 2024

Besides Ayub, Kamindu Mendis, Shamar Joseph and Gus Atkinson also made it to nomination list

Cristiano Ronaldo lambasts Ballon d'Or over Vinicius Jr snub

Portuguese football legend calls Real Madrid star's missed Ballon d'Or win "unfair"

Pak vs SA: Proteas take command after Green Shirts lose three wickets

South Africa strike early, dismissing three Pakistani batters including in-form batter Kamran Ghulam

Harsh weather results in two deaths during Sydney to Hobart yacht race

Other crew tried to revive them but were unsuccessful, marking the first fatalities in the race since 1998

Copyright © 2025. The News International, All Rights Reserved | Contact Us | Authors
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thenews.com.pk/latest/1061080-pak-vs-nz-babar-azam-mohammad-rizwan-register-another-record 
 ----- 
