News
Today's news
US
Politics
World
Tech
Climate change
Health
Science
Originals
Newsletters
Life
Health
Parenting
Style and beauty
Horoscopes
Shopping
Food
Travel
Autos
Gift ideas
Buying guides
Entertainment
Celebrity
TV
Movies
Music
How to Watch
Interviews
Videos
Finance
My portfolio
News
Markets
Sectors
Screeners
Personal finance
Videos
Crypto
Industries
Sports
Fantasy
Daily fantasy
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
Soccer
College football
Show all
New on Yahoo
Creators
Games
Tech
Editions
US
© 2024
All rights reserved.
Search query
Mail
Sign in
Advertisement
Close this content
Top Stories
Trump hush money sentencing
Wayne Osmond dies
Mike Johnson reelected speaker
Half-staff inauguration flags
Major winter storm
Alcohol and cancer
Adam Kinzinger documentary
Ukrainian brigade AWOL
Bourbon Street attacker
Grandparents die 1 day apart
Babar ton leads Pakistan to another comfortable win vs Kiwis
Associated Press
Updated Sat, April 15, 2023 at 8:48 PM UTC
3 min read
Pakistan's Babar Azam is acknowledged by crowd after his century as he walks off the field during the second twenty20 cricket match between Pakistan and New Zealand, in Lahore, Pakistan, Saturday, April 15, 2023. (AP Photo/K.M. Chaudary)
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Pakistan's Babar Azam, center, jumps to celebrate after his century during the second twenty20 cricket match between Pakistan and New Zealand, in Lahore, Pakistan, Saturday, April 15, 2023. (AP Photo/K.M. Chaudary)
ASSOCIATED PRESS
New Zealand's Tom Latham walks off the field after his dismissal during the second twenty20 cricket match between Pakistan and New Zealand, in Lahore, Pakistan, Saturday, April 15, 2023. (AP Photo/K.M. Chaudary)
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Pakistan New Zealand Cricket
1 of 8
Pakistan's Babar Azam is acknowledged by crowd after his century as he walks off the field during the second twenty20 cricket match between Pakistan and New Zealand, in Lahore, Pakistan, Saturday, April 15, 2023. (AP Photo/K.M. Chaudary)
ASSOCIATED PRESS
More

LAHORE, Pakistan (AP) — Captain Babar Azam scored an unbeaten century as Pakistan recorded another comfortable victory against depleted New Zealand, winning the second Twenty20 cricket international by 38 runs on Saturday.

Babar hit 101 not out off 58 balls and anchored Pakistan to 192-4 after winning his second successive toss in two days and choosing to bat first.

New Zealand, which is touring Pakistan without eight frontline players busy playing in the Indian Premier League and injured Kane Williamson, struggled to cope with fast bowler Haris Rauf (4-27) before its chase was restricted to 154-7.

Advertisement

Pakistan leads the five-match series 2-0.

“I tried to bat till the end, utilize the last few overs and we managed to get a good total,” Babar said. “Our bowling line-up is excellent. We have got experienced bowlers and some exciting young bowlers."

Babar provided Pakistan with a brisk start of 99 runs off 64 balls with Mohammad Rizwan, who made 50 off 34, before the home team had a mini-collapse when the Kiwis took three quick wickets.

Fast bowler Matt Henry (2-29), whose hat trick went in vain in the first game of the five-match series on Friday when Pakistan thumped New Zealand by 88 runs, dismissed Rizwan and Fakhar Zaman off successive deliveries before Saim Ayub survived the hat-trick ball.

Advertisement

Left-arm spinner Rachin Ravindra then had Pakistan at 102-3 when James Neesham held onto Saim’s slog sweep at deep square leg.

Babar completed his half century off 36 balls but took charge in the last three overs to raise his century off the next 22 deliveries with Iftikhar Ahmed, who remained 33 not out. Babar needed 16 in the last over to become the first captain to score three T20I hundreds.

He clobbered Neesham over mid-off for a six off the third ball in the final over before hitting the fast bowler for two boundaries off the last two deliveries on the offside to raise his superb hundred in front of his home crowd.

New Zealand had only one training session before the series at Lahore as it struggled to accelerate against Pakistan's pace duo of Shaheen Shah Afridi and Zaman Khan in the powerplay. Rauf then ran through the middle-order with his deceptive bowling for the second consecutive day after notching his career best figures of 4-18 on Friday.

Advertisement
More in Sports
Oregon WR Tez Johnson's message for Ohio State's Will Howard resonates after CFP loss
USA TODAY Sports
Kirby Smart complains about officials allowing Notre Dame's 11-man substitution on critical Sugar Bowl play
Yahoo Sports
College football fans had jokes after Georgia's Parker Jones got a sideline penalty for colliding with a ref
FTW Outdoors
Cam Skattebo NFL Draft Projection: Where Is Arizona State RB Projected?
NBC Insider Articles

Captain Tom Latham (19) was trapped leg before wicket on the back foot by Shadab Khan off his second delivery and Chad Bowes scored 26 in 24 before he was beaten in the flight by Imad Wasim and clean bowled.

Mark Chapman (64 not out off 40 balls) showed some aggression with his fourth T20I half century as Rauf struck at regular intervals in the latter half of the innings.

“When Babar plays like that, you tip your hat,” Latham said. “We were a lot better than last night … it is a game of fine margins and can be fickle." He said his team will "come back stronger.”

Lahore will host the third match on Monday before Rawalpindi stages the last two games of the series.

The T20 series will be followed by five one-day internationals with Rawalpindi and Karachi set to host the games.

___

More AP cricket: https://apnews.com/hub/cricket and https://twitter.com/AP_Sports

Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
View comments
About Our Ads
Solve the daily Crossword
26,064 people played the daily Crossword recently. Can you solve it faster than others?
Crossword
Play on Yahoo
Advertisement
Recommended articles
JD Vance’s Wife Usha Wears Snake Dress by Retrofête for Mar-a-Lago New Year’s Eve Party
WWD
Soldier Left Note Explaining Why He Turned a Cybertruck Into a Suicide Bomb
The Daily Beast
Donald Trump fumes over flag flying at half-staff to honor Jimmy Carter during inauguration
USA TODAY
I've taken my family to 5 major steakhouse chains in the US. We enjoyed most, but one is the best by a landslide.
INSIDER
Marjorie Taylor Greene snatched Trump’s Social Security pledge and threw it on the floor — here’s why she’s so mad
Moneywise
Diddy’s Bodyguard, Intern and Producer Speak Out in New Peacock Doc Trailer: ‘I Didn’t Want to Be Around Him Unless There Was Cameras’
Variety
Avoiding This Type Of Drink Could Help Prevent Dementia—Plus, 13 Other Ways To Lower Your Risk, According To Doctors
Women's Health
Trump calls on Britain to dismantle North Sea wind turbines
dpa international
Judge in Trump's hush money case expected to sentence him to 'unconditional discharge'
ABC News
Major winter storm to bring blizzard conditions this weekend; See forecast, snowfall maps
USA TODAY
Melania Trump Wears Draped Versace Gown for Mar-a-Lago New Year’s Eve Party
WWD
DC winter snow storm: Timing, how much to expect by Monday
WTTG
Washington Post Cartoonist Ann Telnaes Quits After Bezos-Owned Paper Kills Trump Satire Piece
The Wrap
Here’s a closer look at how much snow is expected from weekend winter storm in Kansas City
Kansas City Star
Where will the snow fall near St. Louis?
KTVI
Mother and son given lengthy prison terms for their roles in the killings of 8 Ohio family members
Associated Press
Woman Tells Family Her Dryer Isn’t Working — and They're Shocked When They Figure Out Why (Exclusive)
People
Winter weather advisory issued for Rochester region. See latest snow projections
Democrat and Chronicle
Vanessa Bryant Proves Daughter Capri Is Kobe Bryant’s Twin in New Pics
E! News
Nikki Glaser Says It 'Hurt Me' When Pete Davidson Made Fun of This Body Part During a Roast
People
Pro-Ukraine special forces soldier shot himself before Cybertruck explosion
The Telegraph
GOP Cheers Hakeem Jeffries For Saying Trump Won — Until He Notes Which Party Is Home To Election Deniers
HuffPost
Kirby Smart complains about officials allowing Notre Dame's 11-man substitution on critical Sugar Bowl play
Yahoo Sports
'I feel like Batman': What Tesla driver texted his ex-girlfriend before explosion outside Trump Hotel
NBC News
Jennifer Love Hewitt, 45, says fans have a 'hard time' accepting that she doesn't look like she did in her 20s
INSIDER
Iran hid a missile factory deep beneath a mountain in Syria. IDF commandos executed a daring raid to destroy it
The Telegraph
Nassau County executive refuses to fly flags at half-staff
WPIX New York City, NY
Prince Andrew’s ex-wife Sarah Ferguson walks out of interview when asked about Royal Lodge
NY Post
Charles Barkley goes off on JJ Redick over NBA coverage comments: 'You’re just a dead man walking'
Yahoo Sports
'Columbus TV legend Angela Pace out at WBNS after decades with the station
The Columbus Dispatch
Suspected Las Vegas Cybertruck Bomber Was a ‘Big’ Trump Supporter: Source
The Daily Beast
College football turns upside down, but this final four is a collection of the sport's big programs
Associated Press
Meghan McCain Slams Meghan Markle Netflix Series as ‘Out of Touch’: ‘Americans Can’t Pay for Groceries’
The Wrap
Dear Abby: I told a horrible secret to a relative — now she’s threatening she’ll tell my children
NY Post
Loved Ones Mourn Michigan Grandparents Who Died Days Apart in Back-to-Back Holiday Tragedies: 'Unbelievable'
People
3 underrated Netflix movies you should watch this weekend (January 3-5)
Digital Trends
Trump Wins Johnson for Speaker After Hour of MAGA Chaos
The Daily Beast
Women Are Sharing Why They Cheated, And I Literally Have No Words
BuzzFeed
Kieran Culkin Admits He Swapped Mark Ruffalo’s Prop Joint for Real Marijuana When He Was 17: ‘I Thought This Was a Good Prank. I’m Stupid’
Variety
Flagship Ukrainian brigade trained in France goes AWOL
The Telegraph
Winter storm watch says 10 inches of snow could hit Columbus. What we know
The Columbus Dispatch
Steph Curry makes history as the Golden State Warriors crush the Philadelphia 76ers
CNN
How much snow and ice is Wichita expected to get? Here are updated numbers
Wichita Eagle
The place where Trump can do the most permanent damage
NC Newsline
Utah woman 'who always wanted to be a mom' dies nine days after having twins
NBC News
By blaming Biden for the New Orleans attack, Trump may be setting himself up for failure
NBC News
WA skiers demanding action as 'rampant' thefts plague Stevens Pass resort
KCPQ
Patriots pull off massive trade with No. 1 pick in 7-round 2025 NFL mock draft
Patriots Wire
Nancy Pelosi Takes a Big Step Down for Comeback to Congress
The Daily Beast
Se7en Ending: David Fincher on What Exactly Was in the Box
COMINGSOON.net
Advertisement
Yahoo!
US
Politics
2024 Election
World
Health
Science
The 360
Contact Us
Originals
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Site Map
Follow us on
Download our app
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yahoo.com/news/babar-ton-leads-pakistan-another-204746526.html 
 ----- 
