 
Latest News
National
Sports
World
Business
Entertainment
Technology
Health
Today's Paper
Top Story
Opinion
Newspost
Editorial
Magazines
TNS
Instep
Money Matters
YOU
US
Writer's Archive
Sports
Babar Azam becomes skipper to smash most T20I centuries
Babar Azam scores 101 runs in 58 balls with the help of 11 fours and three sixes
By Faizan Lakhani
April 15, 2023
Pakistan's captain Babar Azam gestures during the second T20 cricket match between Pakistan and New Zealand at the Gaddafi Cricket Stadium in Lahore, on April 15, 2023. — Twitter/@TheRealPCB

Pakistan's captain Babar Azam has become the skipper with the most T20I hundreds (three) after his amazing knock against New Zealand in the second T20I in Lahore on Saturday.


Azam scored 101 runs in 58 balls with the help of 11 fours and three sixes.

Most centuries as a captain in T20Is:

Three — Babar Azam (Pakistan)
Two — Rohit Sharma (India)
Two — Faheem Nazir (Switzerland)

Openers Mohammad Rizwan and Azam added 99 runs for the first wicket partnership. This was the 19th 50+ partnership between Rizwan and Azam in T20Is, which is the most by any pair in this format.

They broke the record of India's Rohit Sharma and KL Rahul, who have 15 partnerships of 50+ in T20Is. Rizwan scored 50 runs in 34 balls, which included six fours and a six.

Pakistan finished on 192-4 in their allotted 20 overs.

The home side leads the series 1-0 after winning the first T20I on Friday by 88 runs at the same venue.

Rickelton’s double ton powers South Africa to 429-5 against Pakistan
Injured Saim Ayub out of remainder South Africa Test
Second Test: Rickelton, Bavuma stabilise South Africa at 316/4 on day 1
Saim Ayub suffers ankle injury during second South Africa Test
Ravi Shastri anticipates Rohit Sharma’s Test cricket exit
Australia drop Marsh, hand Webster debut for fifth India Test
South Africa willing to keep momentum going in final Test against Pakistan
Who is expected to be part of Pakistan's Champions Trophy squad?
Newcastle's Isak, Joelinton leave Manchester United with 4th consecutive loss
MCG attendance record shattered during fourth India vs Australia Test
Australia take seven wickets after tea to beat India in Melbourne
Babar Azam among nominees for ICC Men's T20I Cricketer of the Year award
South Africa defeat Pakistan by two wickets in first Test

South Africa qualify for ICC World Test Championship final after grabbing victory over Pakistan

Pacers help Pakistan take control as South Africa lose three wickets in 148-run chase

Mohammad Abbas removes two Proteas batters as Khurram Shahzad dismisses one ahead of stumps

Saim Ayub nominated for ICC Men's Emerging Cricketer of the Year 2024

Besides Ayub, Kamindu Mendis, Shamar Joseph and Gus Atkinson also made it to nomination list

Cristiano Ronaldo lambasts Ballon d'Or over Vinicius Jr snub

Portuguese football legend calls Real Madrid star's missed Ballon d'Or win "unfair"

Pak vs SA: Proteas take command after Green Shirts lose three wickets

South Africa strike early, dismissing three Pakistani batters including in-form batter Kamran Ghulam

Harsh weather results in two deaths during Sydney to Hobart yacht race

Other crew tried to revive them but were unsuccessful, marking the first fatalities in the race since 1998

Copyright © 2025. The News International, All Rights Reserved | Contact Us | Authors
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thenews.com.pk/latest/1061098-babar-azam-becomes-skipper-to-smash-most-t20i-centuries 
 ----- 
