Register
Sign in
International Edition
Podcasts
Newsletters
Follow us
Alerts
Video
Arab Showcase
Weekend
NEWS
UAE
Gulf
MENA
US
UK
Europe
Asia
BUSINESS
Aviation
Economy
Energy
Money
Property
Banking
Markets
OPINION
Comment
Editorial
Obituaries
Cartoon
Feedback
FUTURE
Science
Space
Technology
CLIMATE
Environment
Road To Net Zero
HEALTH
CULTURE
Art & Design
Books
Film & TV
Music & On-Stage
Pop Culture
LIFESTYLE
Travel
Fashion & Beauty
Food
Motoring
Luxury
Home & Garden
Wellbeing
Things To Do
SPORT
Football
Cricket
Olympics
F1
Tennis
Combat Sports
Horse Racing

Sport

Cricket

Pakistan mark Babar Azam's 100th T20 with emphatic win over New Zealand
Fakhar Zaman and Saim Ayub combine with the bat before Haris Rauf takes career-best bowling figures
The National

April 15, 2023

Pakistan marked captain Babar Azam's 100th T20 international in perfect style with an emphatic 88-run victory over New Zealand in the first match of the series in Lahore on Friday.

Babar was unable to make his own stamp on the occasion, making just nine runs, but Fakhar Zaman and Saim Ayub each scored 47 runs and put on a 79-run partnership for the third wicket to anchor Pakistan to 182 all out in 19.5 overs.

READ MORE

Pakistan's fiery pace attack take on depleted New Zealand in T20 series

Fast bowler Haris Rauf, one of five players who returned after being rested in Pakistan's last series against Afghanistan, took career best figures of 4-18 as New Zealand were 94 all out in 15.3 overs.

Left-arm spinner Imad Wasim finished with 2-2 in his only over, taking both his wickets off successive deliveries.

Mark Chapman top-scored for New Zealand with a 27-ball 34 including four boundaries and a six while skipper Tom Latham made a 24-ball 20.

Rauf's previous best T20 figures of 4-22 had also come against New Zealand in Sharjah in 2021.

"The pitch was assisting the bowlers so it was a good batting performance to get that total and then our complete bowling unit was excellent," said Babar, happy at reaching a personal landmark.

"I had never expected this. I still remember the journey of starting off here as a ball-boy on the side-lines, and to now be here, it is a huge honour."

Latham said his team did not adapted to the different conditions.

"We did not quite adapt to the conditions early enough," said Latham whose team are missing top eight players due to Indian Premier League.

"On that surface, the score was slightly above-par. We did not build partnerships with the bat."

Earlier, Zaman and Ayub lifted Pakistan from a poor start after they won the toss and batted.

Pakistan lost both their openers – Mohammad Rizwan leg-before for eight and then Azam bowled – to pacer Adam Milne by the fifth over for just 30.

Ayub lifted the tempo with two boundaries each off Milne and Ben Lister before he and Zaman hit a six each off spinner Ish Sodhi in the tenth over.

Zaman struck four boundaries and two sixes in his 34-ball knock while Ayub's rapid 28-ball innings featured two sixes and six fours.

Ayub was run out while taking a second run before Zaman was caught at deep square-leg off Sodhi.

Faheem Ashraf hit a 16-ball 22 while Wasim scored 16 off 13 balls to help Pakistan add 47 runs in the last five overs.

New Zealand pacer Matt Henry took a hat trick in his figures of 3-32. Henry dismissed Shadab Khan (five) and Iftikhar Ahmed (nought) off the last two deliveries of his third over and then Shaheen Shah Afridi with the first of his fourth.

Lister had figures of 2-30 while Milne finished with 2-51.

The remaining four matches are in Lahore on April 15 and April 17 and Rawalpindi on April 20 and 24.

Updated: April 15, 2023, 4:14 AM
Our site uses cookies
We use cookies for basic website functionality, personalisation and to help us analyse how our site is used. By accepting, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change your cookie preferences by clicking the cookie preferences button or by visiting ourCookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
ACCEPT
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thenationalnews.com/sport/cricket/2023/04/15/pakistan-mark-babar-azams-100th-t20-with-emphatic-win-over-new-zealand/ 
 ----- 
