Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
A HR robbery while clutching a card in your other hand? Incredible!
Share
A HR robbery while clutching a card in your other hand? Incredible!
September 20th, 2023

Do-Hyoung Park

@dohyoungpark
Share

0:01

0:28

CINCINNATI -- Willi Castro didn’t even have time to put away the little laminated card that tells him where to position himself before he made one of the Twins’ defensive plays of the year.

Still holding the slip of paper in his right hand, Castro launched himself from the center-field warning track at Great American Ball Park and reached his glove over the fence to rob Reds catcher Tyler Stephenson of a two-run blast -- his second highlight-reel grab to help the Twins preserve the shutout in a 7-0 victory that reduced Minnesota’s magic number to three.

Castro hadn’t even been aware of the extra style points in the moment -- but apparently, having the card in his hand is almost an unconscious action for him, because he still held it as he addressed the media after the game.

• Awesome home run robberies around MLB

"I didn't really know [about the card],” Castro said. “Pablo [López] was the one that told me, ‘You had your card in your hand!’ And then I recognized that I had it in my hand to see where I should play him. It was too late. I saw, like, the [ball] pop up, so I went back and I had a good read.”

Not only did Castro rob that homer, but earlier in the game -- also with Stephenson at the plate -- Castro prevented two runs from scoring with a sliding grab in center field, stranding Cincinnati runners on second and third. That earned the everlasting gratitude of Twins starter Kenta Maeda, who threw five scoreless innings with Castro’s help.

“I want to give him as many hugs as possible,” Maeda said through interpreter Dai Sekizaki.

As if all that wasn’t enough, Castro also added two runs on offense with a homer in the seventh off Cincinnati reliever Ben Lively.

It might very well have felt to the Reds like Castro singlehandedly swung the outcome of Tuesday’s game with his contributions on both sides of the ball.

“Really, he took four runs off the board tonight,” Reds manager David Bell said. “Those were big plays. It’s amazing how a play like that can change absolutely everything in a game. It affects how we manage the rest of the game [and] the way they do. It changes all kinds of things.”

Related
Twins clear arbitration slate with contracts for all eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Castro's 'tremendous energy and passion' invokes All-Star status

July 16th, 2024

Santander, W. Castro slide in for Tucker, Altuve on AL All-Star squad

July 12th, 2024

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 11th, 2025

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Pipeline Inbox: What did the Twins get in trade acquisition Cartaya?

January 10th, 2025

The Twins would have loved to have Byron Buxton in center field this year, but unfortunately for both the team and Buxton, that hasn’t panned out.

But Minnesota’s offseason quest for depth has undeniably paid off: Michael A. Taylor is threatening for a 20-20 season and even committed a similar home run robbery in Monday’s series opener, and Castro has inarguably been one of the Twins’ most valuable players throughout the campaign with his defensive versatility and baserunning acumen.

“I felt Willi took the momentum on that defensive play and then the next at-bat with the two-run homer,” acting Twins manager Jayce Tingler said. “I can’t say enough good things about what Willi has done this year. He had a fantastic night.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Willi Castro
Minnesota Twins

Do-Hyoung Park covers the Twins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/willi-castro-robs-home-run-with-card-in-other-hand 
 ----- 
