Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Minnesota Twins Rookie Edouard Julien Joins Historic Group of Canadian Sluggers
Edouard Julien is up there with Jason Bay, Joey Votto, Larry Walker and Justin Morneau as one of the best Canadian rookies in MLB history.
Sam Connon | Sep 18, 2023
Minnesota Twins Rookie Edouard Julien Joins Historic Group of Canadian Sluggers /
In this story:
Minnesota Twins

Rookie infielder Edouard Julien lifted the Minnesota Twins to victory with a three-run shot on Sunday, joining some of Canada's most decorated ballplayers in the process.

Julien cranked his 14th home run of the season to left-center field in the fifth inning against the Chicago White Sox en route to a 4-0 win. The 24-year-old from Quebec, Canada, continues to show how he carved out an everyday role in the Twins' lineup, splitting time at second, first and designated hitter.

According to TSN's StatsCentre, Julien now ranks sixth all-time in single-season home runs among Canadian born and trained rookies.

Jason Bay set the record with 26 in 2004, then Joey Votto came close with 24 with 2008. Before they came around, Pete Ward held the previous record with 22 back in 1963.

Larry Walker and Justin Morneau hit 19 homers apiece in 1990 and 2004, respectively.

The five players above Julien on the list combined for 18 All-Star appearances, six Silver Sluggers and four batting titles. Walker was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 2020, and Votto is expected to join him once he becomes eligible.

Most single season home runs hit by a Canadian (born and trained) rookie in MLB history:
26- Jason Bay (2004)
24- Joey Votto (2008)
22- Pete Ward (1963)
19- Larry Walker (1990)
19- Justin Morneau (2004)
13- @Twins Edouard Julien (2023 via 1 vs CHW Sunday)
13- Vince Barton (1931) pic.twitter.com/sv2TgZQnJF

— StatsCentre (@StatsCentre) September 18, 2023

Julien first got called up to make up his MLB debut in April. At the time, Julien was ranked as the No. 4 prospect in the Twins' farm system, is addition to being MLB Pipeline's No. 96 overall prospect in baseball.

In just his second big league contest, Julien hit his first career home run. The Auburn product was sitting at four homers through 38 games, but he bumped that figure up to 10 over his next 17 appearances.

After hitting just one home run in his next 37 appearances, Julien unearthed his power once again in September. The rookie has hit three home runs in the Twins' last six games.

Julien is batting .268 with an .843 OPS through 98 games this season, and he ranks second among Minnesota position players with a 2.3 WAR.

The Twins open a series with the Cincinnati Reds on Monday at 6:40 p.m. ET. Julien is expected to lead off and play designated hitter in the road contest, according to RotoWire.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Check out more Minnesota Twins coverage at Sports Illustrated and FanNation's Bring Me The Sports.

Published Sep 18, 2023
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/minnesota-twins-rookie-edouard-julien-joins-historic-group-of-canadian-sluggers 
 ----- 
