This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy

Cookie Settings

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
ADVERTISEMENT
Minnesota News You Can Use
Subscribe

TWINS

Spencer Steer's trade from Twins to Reds works out for both teams

Steer got a chance to break into Cincinnati's lineup, first at third base and then in left field, while Twins infielders Edouard Julien and Royce Lewis have thrived after being promoted.

By Bobby Nightengale

SEPTEMBER 19, 2023 AT 3:57AM
Former Twins prospect Spencer Steer, traded to the Reds in 2022, entered Monday’s game against his former team with a .265 batting average, 22 homers and 81 RBI. (Duane Burleson, Associated Press/The Minnesota Star Tribune)
ADVERTISEMENT

CINCINNATI – There was a stretch this season when the Twins struggled to hit lefthanded pitching and they had a need for a righthanded-hitting outfielder.

Spencer Steer, who will likely receive National League rookie of the year votes, could have been that player. The Twins traded Steer to the Cincinnati Reds, along with first baseman Christian Encarnacion-Strand, in the Tyler Mahle deal at the 2022 trade deadline.

Steer had three hits against his former organization Monday, raising his batting average to .269 with 22 homers, 32 doubles and 82 RBI through 147 games. His 22 homers are the third most by a Reds rookie, trailing only Joey Votto (24 in 2008) and Frank Robinson (38 in 1956).

"You hear your name in rumors and all that stuff, but you never know until it happens, right?" Steer said. "It's kind of a weird feeling. Looking back on it, nothing but gratitude toward that organization for how much they helped develop me as a baseball player."

Steer was a popular target in trade talks last year. Mahle, who underwent Tommy John surgery in May, made only nine starts with the Twins.

One of the reasons why the Twins were willing to trade Steer was their infield depth. Rookies Edouard Julien and Royce Lewis carved everyday playing time. The Twins expected Jose Miranda to be an everyday starter until his 2023 season was derailed because of a shoulder injury. Brooks Lee, a top prospect, made it to Class AAA this year.

Steer entered the season as the Reds' starting third baseman, but he has transitioned into a left fielder after Reds top prospects, including Encarnacion-Strand, moved into the infield.

"If I were with the Twins, it might have been a completely different story this year with the situation they've got over there," Steer said. "I think it's worked out pretty good for both sides."

ADVERTISEMENT
Sign up for our Twins Update newsletter

Steer, who added power when the Twins' player development staff helped him add a leg kick in 2020, never spent much time thinking about the roster crunch when he was a Twins minor leaguer. He chatted with Julien and Matt Wallner — "Nothing but love for those guys. There are some amazing people over there," he said — before the game.

"You show up to spring training every year and there are a million outfielders, a million infielders and a million pitchers, it seems like," he said. "You just have to find a way to make yourself stand out at that point. It's all good competition. When you have a lot of really talented players around you, it elevates your game. I think that's what happened over there."

Encarnacion-Strand, another righthanded hitter, is batting .273 in 53 games with eight homers and 26 RBI.

"I think everything happens for a reason," Encarnacion-Strand said. "Being here and having to get traded, no bad blood. No nothing. I'm just happy I'm in the position where I'm at today."

The Reds have Steer and Encarnacion-Strand under team control for another five seasons. Mahle will become a free agent at the end of the season.

Safe to say the Reds won the trade?

ADVERTISEMENT

"No comment," Encarnacion-Strand said.

Five Twins headed to St. Paul

The Twins are expected to have five players on rehab assignments at Class AAA St. Paul on Tuesday: Relievers Brock Stewart, Chris Paddack and Jorge Alcala, along with position players Joey Gallo and Nick Gordon.

Stewart could rejoin the Twins bullpen on their next homestand if he comes out of Tuesday healthy. He threw a scoreless inning with two strikeouts last Friday. Paddack and Alcala previously made outings at Class A Fort Myers and Class AA Wichita.

Gallo will begin a rehab assignment after he went on the injured list because of a left foot contusion. Gordon is 0-for-7 with two strikeouts through two rehab games.

Etc.

* The Twins activated center fielder Michael A. Taylor from the injured list before Monday's game. Outfielder Jordan Luplow was designated for assignment.

* Kyle Farmer was honored before Monday's game in Cincinnati for earning the Reds' team MVP and media good guy award in 2022. "He's truly been, I can speak for the coaching staff, probably one of our favorite players we've ever been around," Tingler said.

ADVERTISEMENT
Share
Comment
ABOUT THE WRITER
Bobby Nightengale
MINNESOTA TWINS REPORTER

Bobby Nightengale joined the Minnesota Star Tribune in May, 2023, after covering the Reds for the Cincinnati Enquirer for five years. He's a graduate of Bradley University.

See More
More from Twins
See More

TWINS

Twins acquire catcher Diego Cartaya from Dodgers; arbitration eligible players all agree to contracts

Diego Cartaya was a promising prospect who stalled in the Los Angeles organization.

SPORTS

Justin Verlander and the Giants agree to a $15 million, 1-year contract, AP source says

Justin Verlander and the San Francisco Giants have agreed to a $15 million, one-year contract, according to a person with direct knowledge of the negotiations.

TWINS

Twins say they want to play in Minneapolis for decades to come

The team has agreed in principle to extending its lease through 2059 if the Legislature signs off on continuing the sales tax that built Target Field.

Around the Web
Tinnitus Frustrating You? Surgeon Suggests This Immediate Remedy! (Watch)
GROWTH ADVICE
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
DUBAI VILLAS
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
MARKETING SOFTWARE
Groningen: Repossessed Car Prices Might Surprise You
REPOSSESSED CARS | SEARCH ADS
$100 a Day Without Investment: Real Ways to Earn Money on the Web
MAKE MONEY
Surgeon: This 'Combats' Neuropathy - Do This Immediately (Watch)
GROWTH ADVICE
ADVERTISEMENT

To leave a comment, log in or create an account.

ADVERTISEMENT
COMPANY
About Us
Contact Us
Work for Us
News in Education
Minnesota’s Best
High School Sports Hubs
Mobile and Tablet Apps
Policies and Standards
ADVERTISE
Get in Touch
Advertising Opportunities
Media Kit
Classifieds
Public Notices
Obituaries
BUY
Strib Store
Photo Reprints
Full Page Archive: 150+ years
Back Copies
Commercial Reprints
Licensing
SUPPORT
Help and Feedback
Manage Your Account
Newspaper Subscriptions
Digital Access
eEdition
Text to Speech
WEBSITE
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Site Index
RSS

© 2025 StarTribune.All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.startribune.com/spencer-steer-trade-from-twins-to-reds-tyler-mahle/600305665 
 ----- 
