Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
Rumors
History
Prospects
Merch
Write for us!
About
FanSided MLB Sites
Follow Us
Revisiting the Reds trade that sent Cy Young contender Sonny Gray to the Twins

Sonny Gray pitched was traded to the Minnesota Twins before the 2022 season.

By
Scott Mitchell
|
Sep 18, 2023
Former Cincinnati Reds pitcher Sonny Gray | Jonathan Daniel/GettyImages

Sonny Gray first came to the Cincinnati Reds in January of 2019 from the New York Yankees. The trade saw the Yankees send Gray and left-handed pitcher Reiver Sanmartin to the Reds in exchange for infield prospect Shed Long and a 2019 competitive balance draft pick.

Over the course of his first season, Gray started 31 games, finishing the season with a record of 11-8. Gray also obtained an ERA of 2.87 ERA and tallied a career-high 205 strikeouts. The 2020 season however despite being much shorter saw more of the same from Gray.

Gray went 5-3 in 11 starts and sat at a 3.70 ERA. However, Gray's worst season with the Reds would come in 2021, which would mark his final season donning a Reds jersey. In 26 starts, he went 7-9 with 4.19 ERA - his highest with the team.

Revisiting the Reds trade that sent Cy Young contender Sonny Gray to the Twins.

Prior to the 2022 season, the Cincinnati Reds traded Gray, alongside Francis Peguero, to the Minnesota Twins in exchange for Chase Petty. Gray was entering the final guaranteed year of his contract, and the Reds were looking to rebuild their farm system.

Since being traded to the Twins, Gray has pitched well and established himself as a mainstay in the Minnesota starting rotation. This year, Gray has started in 28 games, earning himself a record of 7-7. He currently sits at an ERA of 2.96 and has 165 strikeouts this year.

Peguero, however, is still trying to find his footing. The 26-year-old hasn't seen much progression in the minors, as his ERA still leaves much to be desired. In Triple-A, Peguero maintained an ERA of 7.20 before being sent back to Double-A.

On the flip side, the potential is still there for the Cincinnati Reds pitching prospect Chase Petty. Despite not having a win during his 2023 campaign, Petty has kept his ERA below 2.00 and has struck out 61 batters this season while splitting time between High-A Dayton and Double-A Chattanooga.

The Sonny Gray trade very well could be one of the better trades the Cincinnati Reds have made in recent memory. Losing Gray will all be worth it if the potential Chase Petty has comes to fruition and his comparisons to former Reds first-round pick Hunter Greene turn out to be true.

•
4 players who still have to prove they deserve to be on the Reds playoff roster
•
2 Reds prospects inching closer to the major leagues after promotion and 1 with a lot to prove
•
Here's what the Reds starting rotation should look like to end the season
•
Absurd stat proves how vastly underrated the Reds bullpen has been this season
Home/Reds News
Schedule
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
Mobile Apps
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://blogredmachine.com/posts/reds-revisiting-sonny-gray-trade-twins 
 ----- 
