Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
49ers 30-23 Rams
Rams rookie Nacua sets new mark for receptions through 2 career games, but LA loses to 49ers

The fifth-round pick starred again on Sunday

Nacua taking the field on Sunday.Lapresse
JB
Actualizado 17/09/2023 - 18:40 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Rams renewing attempt to trade running back Akers: 'I'm just as confused as everybody else'
NFL. Joe Burrow re-aggravates calf as Bengals fall to Ravens, who lose Odell Beckham

Puka Nacua has exploded onto the scene in the NFL. The rookie wide receiver was a key cog in the Los Angeles Rams' Week 1 upset win over the Seattle Seahawks -- and in Week 2, he made NFL history.

With his 10th catch of the afternoon against the San Francisco 49ers, Nacua set a new record for receptions through a rookie's first two games -- and even in the losing effort, Nacua is already establishing himself as one of the most important Rams and a shock contender for Offensive Rookie of the Year.

Stafford's new favorite target

After star wideout Cooper Kupp was placed on injured reserve shortly before the start of the season, fans and analysts alike were unsure where the Rams would go offensively. Quarterback Matthew Stafford no longer had his favored target, a player who was the NFL's Offensive Player of the Year in 2021 and guided Los Angeles to a Super Bowl triumph.

But along came Puka, the 177th overall selection in the 2023 draft -- and the savior of the Los Angeles offense. Nacua made 10 catches for 119 yards in Seattle to kick off the season, helping the Rams to a 30-13 win. And even though the 49ers held off the Rams 30-23 in Week 2, Nacua continued to shine -- he hauled in 15 catches for a game-high 147 yards.

The 15 receptions are an NFL record for a rookie wide receiver, and Nacua's presence has helped Stafford and head coach Sean McVay mitigate the loss of Kupp, who will miss at least the next two games through injury.

Have the Rams uncovered a gem?

The Rams have unloaded several high-value draft picks in recent years in order to build a Super Bowl contender. The gambit worked -- Los Angeles, after acquiring Stafford in a high-profile trade with Detroit, won Super Bowl LVI after the 2021 season.

But after a losing season in 2022, the pressure is on for Los Angeles to find value in unexpected places. Nacua, a fifth-round pick this spring, is an example of the kind of "steal" the Rams' front office will need to find in order to remain competitive while the cupboard is restocked over the next few years.

It remains to be seen what the rookie's role will be once Kupp returns from injury, but McVay might rejoice at having two legitimate, high-quality options for Stafford moving forward.

49ers fend off Rams in close contest

Nacua's heroics were not quite enough for Los Angeles on Sunday, as the defending NFC West champion 49ers came to SoFi Stadium and left with a seven-point win.

MORE in MARCA
What is the Cot...
Marca
Ben Affl eck re...
Marca

San Francisco quarterback Brock Purdy improved to 7-0 in the regular season with an efficient afternoon against the Rams defense. Purdy went 17-of-25 for 206 yards and did not throw a touchdown or an interception, while Christian McCaffrey accounted for 135 total yards and a rushing touchdown.

Stafford completed 34 of 55 passes for 307 yards, but he threw two interceptions that cost the Rams dearly. Los Angeles ran more plays than San Francisco, and the Rams outgained the 49ers 386-365, but the visitors had a huge 159-89 advantage on the ground that helped them seal the win.

Los Angeles Rams - English
NFL - English
Los Angeles RamsNo Cooper Kupp, no problem for Rams... until now: Puka Nacua misses practice with oblique injury
Seattle SeahawksMic'd up Geno Smith yells 'oh my God' as sneaky Aaron Donald does genius blitz
San Francisco 49ers49ers fan shoves Rams' Derion Kendrick to protect Deebo Samuel
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Steve Sarkisian Net Worth: How...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De nieuwe Nissan Qashqai uit voorr...
Nissan Qashqai
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Hyundai TUCSON rijden voor €429...
Hyundai
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/los-angeles-rams/2023/09/18/650784ea22601dad768b4584.html 
 ----- 
