Skip to content
December 17, 2024
FB
Twitter

FOOTBALL IN OCEANIA

STORIES FROM THE BEAUTFIUL GAME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS

Primary Menu
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start

The OFC World Cup Qualifying has gotten off to a good start for some.

Fiji’s Roy Krishna during the FIFA World Cup 2026 qualifiers in Suva against the Solomon Islands. Photo: Kirk Corrie / Phototek

The second round of qualifying got underway in Fiji Thursday.

New Caledonia took on Papua New Guinea in the first match of Group A, with New Caledonia scoring twice in the first half to help them to a win.

Joseph Athale scored from the penalty spot and Georges Gope-Fenepej capitalised on a poor clearance from PNG keeper Ronald Warisan to put the ball over the keeper and into the net.

In the second half Tommy Semmy pulled one back with twelve minutes to go, only for PNG to have their hopes smashed a few minutes later when Germain Haewegene scored following a corner.

New Caledonia’s Mickael Partodikromo against Papua New Guinea. Photo: Kirk Corrie / Phototek

In the second game, hosts Fiji took on the Solomon Islands,

And, as so many times before, it was Roy Krishna who ended up being the decisive factor. The Bula Boys captain capitalised on two defensive errors and smashed the ball into the net after 13 minutes of play.

Fiji then had a man sent off in the 39th minute, when Aporosa Yada was shown the red card.

Despite being a man down Fiji managed to hold on to what might prove a crucial win in the hunt for the top two in the standings.

Group A featuring New Zealand, Samoa, Vanuatu and Tahiti, which is being played in Vanuatu, kicks off later this week. The grups will be decided over the international window in November. The top two from each group advances to the final knockout stage in March next year, with the winner qualifying for the World Cup. 

Enter the text or HTML code here

About Author
Ola Bjerkevoll

A passion for everything football and especially in Oceania. Owner of Football in Oceania.

See author's posts

Share this article:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Tags: Fiji, New Caledonia, News, OFC World Cup Qualifiers, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands
Continue Reading
Previous
Samoa into next WCQ phase
Next
Vanuatu and NZ take charge	
More Stories
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Samoa into next WCQ phase
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
OFC path to 2026 World Cup confirmed
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Featured on
International Football News 24/7

 

Follow Football in Oceania on Twitter
Follow Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Football in Oceania RSS

 RSS - Posts

You may have missed
Krishna out for season with serious injury
Auckland set to play giants
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Samoa into next WCQ phase
Nations in Oceania Oceania Events Calendar National Leagues in Oceania The Podcast About Contact
FB
 
Twitter
Copyright Football in Oceania © All rights reserved. CoverNews by AF themes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballoceania.com/2024/10/10/fiji-and-new-caledonia-make-perfect-start/ 
 ----- 
