SPORT
FRESH CHALLENGE
Time to forget Afcon performance and look to the future, says Bafana captain Ronwen Williams
 Bafana captain Ronwen Williams during the South Africa men's national soccer team press conference at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on 10 October 2024 in Gqeberha, South Africa. (Photo: Richard Huggard / Gallo Images)
By Yanga Sibembe
 Follow
11 Oct 2024  4
Bafana Bafana are aiming to claim an ambitious six points in the double header against Congo-Brazzaville, a result that would see them take a giant step towards qualifying for the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations.
Listen to this article
5 min

Without a doubt Bafana Bafana’s tenacious displays at the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in early 2024, where they reached the podiumed for the first time in two decades, helped the team regain some semblance of respect from a South African public that had long cast them aside.

Before an important double-header versus the central African nation of Congo-Brazzaville (not to be confused with neighbours the Democratic Republic of Congo), Bafana Bafana captain Ronwen Williams believes it is important that the team not dwell on their bronze medal-winning displays in Ivory Coast.

Williams, who was one the stars of that tournament, says since that achievement, the team’s performances have been shaky. So they need to introspect, improve and look to perform even better on the road to the 2025 Afcon in Morocco.   

“It’s time that we forget about Afcon. Especially because since Afcon, we’ve conceded about 10 goals in six games. That’s unlike us. So, we have to put the past Afcon aside and focus on qualifying for Afcon 2025, as well as the World Cup,” Williams told journalists before the team’s first clash with Congo in Gqeberha on Friday.  

Turmoil

Williams, who was born in Gqeberha but has spent most of his life in Gauteng playing for SuperSport United, and most recently Mamelodi Sundowns, also said that the beginning of the team’s latest camp was marked by some turmoil.

This included losing the national team’s newest hero, Thalente Mbatha. The Orlando Pirates midfielder was instrumental when Bafana Bafana claimed four points in their two opening Afcon qualification games, against Uganda and South Sudan.

Head Coach Hugo Broos with Ronwen Williams during Bafana’s press conference at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on 10 October 2024. (Photo: Richard Huggard / Gallo Images)

South Africa celebrate after scoring a goal during the 2025 African Cup of Nations qualifier match against Uganda at Orlando Stadium on 6 September 2024 in Johannesburg, South Africa. (Photo: Alche Greeff / Gallo Images)

The box-to-box midfielder scored a last-second equaliser against Uganda, and then a last-minute winner against the South Sudanese for a 3-2 victory. 

Mbatha has since had to withdraw from this current camp due to injury. The technical team also released Stellenbosch midfielder Jayden Adams due to “bad behaviour”.

“We were not happy with the start of the camp. There was a lot of instability. A lot of changes happened. That’s unlike us. We pride ourselves on our professionalism. That has paved the way for the success we’ve had over the past few years,” Williams said.

Maximum points

South Africa face a Congo side that only arrived in the country on Thursday. This after some turmoil when the Congolese Football Federation and the country’s Sports Ministry clashed, which delayed the naming of the party that would travel to South Africa. 

Nevertheless, coach Hugo Broos says this chaos in the Congolese camp made their team even more dangerous.        

“As I said, and I will not change that, we want six points so that we can avoid any stress in November (when they play their final qualifying matches). We had that experience three years ago with Ghana (in the 2022 World Cup qualifiers). So, we will try to avoid that,” Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos said.

“From here it’s easy to say. You have to take account of your opponent. There were a lot of things happening in Congo at the beginning of the week,” the Belgian added.

“But we can make no bigger mistake than to think the team will be influenced by what happened and will not be ready for the game. Any professional wants to win. And they know that they need to win here in South Africa to stay in the hunt for Afcon qualification,” he said.

The clash between South Africa and Congo takes place at 7pm on Friday, 11 October 2024. The second fixture is scheduled for Tuesday, 15 October in Brazzaville. DM

 
A South African Hero: You

There’s a 99.7% chance that this isn’t for you. Only 0.3% of our readers have responded to this call for action.

Those 0.3% of our readers are our hidden heroes, who are fuelling our work and impacting the lives of every South African in doing so. They’re the people who contribute to keep Daily Maverick free for all, including you.

The equation is quite simple: the more members we have, the more reporting and investigations we can do, and the greater the impact on the country.

Be part of that 0.3%. Be a Maverick. Be a Maverick Insider.

Support Daily Maverick→

Africa Cup of NationsBafana BafanaHugo BroosRonwen WilliamsSportsYanga Sibembe
Comments - Please login in order to comment.

All Comments 4

Malcolm McManus
11 October 2024 at 14:28

The only hope for Bafana Bafana is if they put some women in the team. No joke.

Tumelo Tumelo
12 October 2024 at 14:28

Well that comment aged quite nicely- Bafana won 5-0, keep clutching those pearls.

Malcolm McManus
13 October 2024 at 13:30

It’s just 1 game. Not holding any pearls. They need some transgender women in the side, but maybe that would be unfair. Those girls take male hormones.

Malcolm McManus
14 October 2024 at 07:26

Yip, just one game. The comment has yet to age. Watch this space.

ADVERTISEMENT
Don't want to see this? Remove ads
TOP READS THIS HOUR
MAVERICK NEWS
Zuma calls on half-full stadium of MK party supporters to build black unity and ‘take back what’s ours’ in 2029
DM168
From Blue Flag to brown water: Durban's coastal dilemma amidst sewage management failures
MAVERICK NEWS
Cape beaches and the status of seawater quality – the good, the bad, the ugly, the fresh and the foul
MAVERICK NEWS
LISTEN: How 750m in Cape Town’s city centre points to South Africa’s expansive extortion problem
NEWSDECK
North Korean troops killed in combat against Ukraine for first time, Pentagon says
TOP READS IN SECTION
MAVERICK NEWS
Zuma calls on half-full stadium of MK party supporters to build black unity and ‘take back what’s ours’ in 2029
DM168
From Blue Flag to brown water: Durban's coastal dilemma amidst sewage management failures
MAVERICK NEWS
Cape beaches and the status of seawater quality – the good, the bad, the ugly, the fresh and the foul
SOUTH AFRICA
ANC is 'monopolising' SA’s foreign policy by sidelining the GNU, DA complains
SOUTH AFRICA
Unprecedented lawsuit against ultra-processed food companies — Big Food on trial
SPONSORED CONTENT
SPONSORED CONTENT
How Christmas decorations are changing lives and saving the future
SPONSORED CONTENT
Don’t let power outages spoil your holiday away
SPONSORED CONTENT
What comes next after the Two Pot System?
SPONSORED CONTENT
Old habits don’t build new value in a fast-changing world
SPONSORED CONTENT
Maximising your bonus!
Investigations
News & Analysis
Features
Newsletters
Community
DM168

Daily Maverick © All rights reserved

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All
 
This could have been a paywall.

We don't have a paywall but we still need your support to keep our journalism going.

Our Maverick Insider members pay our journalists' salaries. Isn't it time you joined them?

Become a Maverick Insider

Already an Insider? Click here to log in
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2024-10-11-time-to-forget-afcon-performance-and-look-to-the-future-says-bafana-captain-ronwen-williams/ 
 ----- 
