Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Uganda Cranes pip South Sudan to enlighten AFCON 2025 qualification hopes
Bevis Kristofer Kizito Mugabi scored the all-important goal in the 47th minute for Uganda Cranes against South Sudan at a fully packed Mandela National Stadium, Namboole.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
OCTOBER 11, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Uganda Cranes players celebrate a goal | Credit: Don Mugabi
Overview:

This is Uganda’s second victory of the campaign that takes the Cranes to 7 points after a 2-0 win against Congo at the same fortress.

AFCON 2025 Qualifiers (Group K):

Uganda Cranes 1-0 South Sudan

Uganda Cranes secured their second 2025 Afcon qualification campaign victory in Group K.

A slim 1-0 home win over neighbours South Sudan assured the Cranes maximum points at a fully packed Mandela National Stadium, Namboole on Friday, 11th October 2024.

Under floodlights, Bevis Kristofer Kizito Mugabi scored the all-important goal in the 47th minute.

Bevis Mugabi reacts moments after scoring against South Sudan | Credit: Don Mugabi

South Sudan defended a Rogers Mato free kick from the left flank as early as the second minute of the game.

In the fifth minute, Denis Omedi slid as he approached the goal area of the opposition.

Five minutes later, it was Uganda Cranes again as Mato twisted and turned before shooting off the target of goalkeeper Juma Jenaro Awad Amuk’s goalposts.

Alfred Leku Freedom shot narrowly off target after a brilliant solo run on the right in the 26th minute.

Two minutes later, Uganda’s roving right back Kenneth Ssemakula got fouled by Joseph Malish Manase, 25 yards away from goal. The resultant free-kick was blasted over by Mato after Travis Mutyaba’s lay-up.

On the half-hour mark, Omedi delivered a low drive from the right that was blocked by defender Sila Charles Ouma.

With 10 minutes to the climax of the first 45 minutes, goalkeeper Isima Watenga saved from Thomas Magor in South Sudan’s best chance of the opening half.

Magor became the first player to be cautioned by the Ivorian referee three minutes before the mandatory halfway recess.

Allan Okello was introduced at the start of the second half and injected urgency | Credit: Don Mugabi

Upon restart of play in the second half, Uganda Cranes’ technical bench called for a double substitution.

Bobosi Byaruhanga and Allan Okello were the fresh legs introduced for Ronald Ssekiganda and Travis Mutyaba respectively.

The two changes paid off instant dividends as Uganda Cranes took the lead as the second half kicked off.

The full-to-capacity stadium stands were lit up when Bevis Kristofer Kizito Mugabi parried home the opening goal in the 46th minute from close range after goalkeeper Amuk had initially stopped Ssemugabi’s header off Okello’s chip.

Bevis Mugabi and Jude Ssemugabi celebrate | Credit: Don Mugabi Credit: Don Mugabi
Bevis Mugabi the goal hero | Credit: Don Mugabi

On the half mark, Ssemugabi was denied from close range by the goalkeeper Amuk as the hosts intensified their raids towards the opposition.

South Sudan made a double change in the 62nd minute when Atendele Mawa Christopher Lokosang came on for Gordon Samuel Taban and Madit Mayor Madit replaced Gadafi Wahab Thiago.

Madit’s first contribution was a well-executed corner kick that Leku headed for goalkeeper Watenga’s routine collection.

Abdul Azizi Kayondo shoots
Gadafi Wahabi dribbles
Uganda Cranes defenders on duty

Okocha was cautioned for a late challenge to Omedi in the 72nd minute.

With ten minutes to play, South Sudan pushed more numbers upfront, introducing forwards Pal Paul Puk Kun and Francis Onekalit Odong Lazarus for Leku and Laku respectively.

Peter Chol Bentiu Daniel replaced Joseph Malish Manase in the 86th minute with signs of fatigue showing up on either side.

Halid Lwaliwa kisses the grass | Credit: Don Mugabi

As the tempers flared, Uganda Cranes’ skipper Khalid Aucho was cautioned for protesting a decision from the referee before defender Halid Lwaliwa saved off the goal line from Puk’s header.

Deep in added time, Omedi forced a darling save from goalkeeper Amuk as Uganda attained the treasured maximum points for the overnight celebrations from hundreds of fans in the stadium and elsewhere.

This is Uganda’s second victory of the campaign and takes the Cranes to 7 points after a 2-0 win against Congo at the same fortress.

In three days’ time, these two countries meet once again at the Juba National Stadium.

Uganda Cranes captain Khalid Aucho greets an opponent
Rogers Mato

Victory is good for us all. I am disappointed by the first 45 minutes. I cannot explain what happened. We returned for the second half with much more drive and commitment. We had an improved second half. We knew it could be a very tough game. We are focused for the return leg. The boys showed mentality and character to win. I am proud about the second half performance. We are in a building phase. The return leg will even be more tough

Paul Put, Uganda Cranes head coach

A section of Uganda Cranes fans

Team Line Ups:

Uganda Cranes XI: Isima Watenga (G.K), Kenneth Semakula, Abdu Aziizi Kayondo, Bevis Mugabi, Halidi Lwaliwa, Khalid Aucho (Captain), Ronald Ssekiganda, Travis Mutyaba, Denis Omedi, Jude Ssemugabi, Rogers Mato

Changes:

46’ Bobosi Byaruhanga On, Ronald Ssekiganda Out
46’ Allan Okello On, Travis Mutyaba Out

Subs Not Used: Nafian Alionzi (G.K), Charles Lukwago (G.K), Gavin Kizito Mugweri, Isaac Muleme, Timothy Dennis Awany, Arnold Odong, Tadeo Lwanga, Shafik Kwikiriza, Steven Mukwala, Calvin Kabuye

Officials:

Paul Put (Head coach), Sam Bamweyana Ssimbwa (first assistant coach), Djirk Jerry Oste (Goalkeeper coach), Emmanuel Nakabago (medical staff), Sven De Wilde (team staff), Denis Mathiew Ghislain (physical trainer), Geoffrey Massa (team manager)

South Sudan XI: Juma Jenaro Awad Amuk (G.K, Captain), Paul Pal Puk Kun, David Majak Chan, William Emmanuel Gama Kundu, Loki Emmanuel Peter Loki, Gordon Samuel Taban, Joseph Malik Manase, Gadafi Wahab Thiago, Benjamin Laku Lotelek, Alfred Leku Freedom, Okocha Rashid Thomas Ladu

Changes:

61’ Atendele Mawa Christopher Lokosang On, Gordon Samuel Taban Out
61’ Madit Mayor Madit On, Gadafi Wahab Thiago Out
78’ Francis Onekalit Odong Lazarus On, Alfred Leku Freedom Out
78’ Pal Paul Puk Kun On, Benjamin Laku Lotelek Out

Subs Not Used:

Nicolas Madeng Abileny (G.K), Charles Ouma Sila, Rehan Angier Malong, Ebon Malish Ezibon Wajo, Paul America Jawa Mara, Yohanna Paulino Juma, Thomas Tom Magor

Officials:

Nicolas Jean Dupuis (head coach), Rezik Alphaza Datiro (first assistant coach), Kannady Santolino Tambi Banasio (goalkeeper coach), Dok Deng Bor Nul (head of delegation), Brin George Lou (physical trainer), Paulino Luis Jubek Loro (Equipment manager), Emmanuel Lugala Joseph Mansuk (team manager)

Match Officials:

Center Referee: Ibrahim Kalilou Traore (Cote D’Ivoire)
Assistant Referee 1: Adou Desire N’Goh (Cote D’Ivoire)
Assistant Referee 2: Nouho Ouattara (Cote D’Ivoire)
Fourth official: Patrick Tanguy Vlei (Cote D’Ivoire)
Commissioner: Angesom Ogbamariam (Eritrea)
DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
Nigerian Ademola Lookman named CAF Player of the Year 2024
CAF Awards 2024: Omedi loses to Angola’s Mabululu in Goal of the Year Category
CAF Awards 2024 D-day: Will Denis Omedi write his name into African Folklore?
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/10/11/uganda-cranes-pip-south-sudan-to-lighten-afcon-2025-qualification-hopes/ 
 ----- 
