Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Preview: Uganda vs South Sudan – Team news, Key stats, Probable line up | Afcon 2025 qualifiers
by ISMAEL KIYONGA
OCTOBER 10, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Uganda Cranes Captain Khalid Aucho against Congo Credit: Phillip Mugabi
Overview:

South Sudan have only won one of their last 10 international matches – an international friendly against Kenya in September last year

Friday October 11, 2024

Mandela National stadium, Namboole 7pm

Uganda will be looking to keep their place at the top of Group K when they face South Sudan at Mandela National stadium, Namboole under floodlights on Friday.

The Cranes come into the game unbeaten with four points, after a win over Congo and draw with South Africa in September.

Abdu Aziz Kayondo celebrates with with Denis Omedi and Khalid Aucho | Credit: Don Mugabi

Rogers Mato and Denis Omedi wonder strikes earned Uganda a deserved point away to Bafana Bafana before goals from Aziz Kayondo and Jude Ssemugabi decided the 2-0 win over the Red Devils at Namboole.

For the visitors, the target is to get their first points of the campaign after defeats to both Congo and Bafana Bafana.

The Bright Stars were edged 1-0 away in Brazzaville before losing in the last minute 3-2 to visiting South Africa in Juba in September.

The Senior National Team Bright Star is deeply immersed in their training as they gear up for the crucial AFCON 2025 Morocco Qualifiers match against Uganda. pic.twitter.com/EIcZTiAdZ0

— South Sudan Football Association (@ssfa_com) October 7, 2024

However, they will hope to build on their performance over the 1996 African champions and stun favourites Uganda.

With familiar faces in the South Sudan camp, it will be more like a Uganda Premier League which adds impetus to the game.

Team News

Paul Put named a 27-man squad for the October fixtures including Taddeo Lwanga, Gavin Kizito and Derrick Nsibambi who have been absent for quite some time.

Credit: John Batanudde

However, right back Elvis Bwomono, left back Joseph Ochaya and striker Muhammad Shaban were left out.

Calvin Kabuye and KCCA silky attacker Shafik ‘Nana’ Kwikiriza are some of the new faces on the team and will be looking to make their debuts.

Meanwhile, South Sudan have called up 26 players for the October double header with coach Nichola Dupuis sticking with majority of majority of the players that featured in the September international break.

NEC right back Joseph Dhata is the biggest miss through injury but SC Villa striker Francis Onekalit could earn his debut.

Joseph Dhata Credit: Courtesy

Ugandan based players Geriga Atendele, Gaddafi Wahab, Rashid Okocha as well ex-Vipers stars Tito Okello and Rashid Toha are expected to have game time.

But there are reports that Dupuis despite naming the team has been missing with reports he is in France for a family issue and that will join the team in Kampala on Friday.

Key Stats

There have been six head-to-head meetings between the two nations with Uganda on top with 4 wins [L1, D1]
Only two of those have come in the Afcon qualifiers with either winning once.
South Sudan have only won one of their last 10 international matches – an international friendly against Kenya in September last year [L5, D4]

Probable line up:

Watenga (GK), Ssemakula, Capradossi, Mugabi, Kayondo, Aucho ©, Lwanga, Mutyaba, Nsibambi, Mato, Omedi

ISMAEL KIYONGA
ismael@kawowo.com

Senior Staff writer at Kawowo Sports mainly covering football More by Ismael Kiyonga

Leave a comment
Nigerian Ademola Lookman named CAF Player of the Year 2024
CAF Awards 2024: Omedi loses to Angola’s Mabululu in Goal of the Year Category
CAF Awards 2024 D-day: Will Denis Omedi write his name into African Folklore?
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/10/10/preview-uganda-vs-south-sudan-team-news-key-stats-probable-line-up-afcon-2025-qualifiers/ 
 ----- 
