Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Uganda Hippos defeat Burundi to qualify for semi-finals with a game left | 2024 Cecafa U-20
John Paul Dembe scored a brace with the other goals being own-strikes by Samir Selemani and Ramathan Hakizimana. Christophe Ndeyikengurukiye scored for Burundi to give the score-line a respectable second look.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
OCTOBER 9, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Overview:

This was the second win for Uganda after the 3-0 win over Ethiopia on Monday to take the reigning champions top of the group.

TotalEnergies U-20 Africa Cup of Nations (Cecafa Qualifiers) 2024

Wednesday, October 9, 2024 Results:

Uganda U-20 4-1 Burundi U-20
Ethiopia U-20 1-2 South Sudan U-20

Uganda U-20 national team (The Hippos) recorded their second win at the on-going CECAFA U-20 championships in Dar-es-salaam.

Uganda easily beat Burundi 4-1 at the KMC Stadium on Wednesday, October 9, 2024.

John Paul Dembe scored a brace with the other goals being own-strikes by Samir Selemani and Ramathan Hakizimana for Uganda.

Christophe Ndeyikengurukiye scored for Burundi to give the score-line a respectable second look.

Selemani’s own goal gave Uganda the lead as early as the second minute after a long throw-in from the right by Steven Namaisi.

Dembe then added two goals in quick succession coming in the 18th and 22nd minutes to make it 3-0 by the end of the opening stanza.

Uganda’s tally grew to 4-0 courtesy of Hakizimana’s own goal in the 58th minute.

Burundi’s consolation came from Ndeyikengurukiye in the 61st minute.

Uganda Hippos against Burundi U-20
Uganda Hippos against Burundi U-20 at KMC Stadium
Uganda Hippos players celebrate one of their four goals

This was the second win for Uganda after the 3-0 win over Ethiopia on Monday to take the reigning champions top of the group.

Uganda Hippos will now face South Sudan on Friday, 11th October 2024.

South Sudan edged Ethiopia 2-1 on Wednesday.

Ngong Garang and Daniel Bichiok Dang scored for South Sudan in the 13th and 76th minutes respectively.

Wancha Thurbiel got the consolation for Ethiopia with 8 minutes left on the clock.

Team Line Ups:

Uganda U-20 XI: Abdu Magada (G.K), Steven Namaisi, Swabiri Mpasa, Majub Toto (Captain), Louis Anguti, Rayn Kizito Figo, Abubakali Walusimbi, Godfrey Ssekibengo, John Paul Dembe, Allan Oyirwoth, Richard Okello

Subs: Denis Mugerwa (G.K), Ronald Chris Nsubuga (G.K), John Innocent Kisolo, Johnson Kabagambe, Dennis Luzige Kisiriko, Charles Batiibwe Okello, Sowedi Lwenda, Elvis Ssekajugo, Bashir Mansur

Head coach: Mathias Lule

Burundi U-20 team

Burundi U-20 XI: Ramadhani Ndikumana (G.K), Amissi Junior Irakoze, Ismail Niyokwizera, Samir Selemani Kaskile, Yakubu Uwimana (Captain), Glorie Ngongo Tambwe, Adolphe Mugisha, Christophe Ndayikengurukiye, Destin Maniriho, Ramazani Hakizimana, Gnabry Brunel Habonimana

Subs: Ally Janvier Nzeyimana (G.K), Kaseye Milongo, Jean De Dieu Mukiza, Victoire Igiraneza, Cedrick Tuyizere, Papy Nkurunziza, Seif Hakim Kazoza, Roy Amissi, Jean Claude Ininahazwe

Uganda U-20and Burundi U-20 captains with the match officials moments before kick off | Credit: Ronnie Lusulire

Match officials:

Referee:  Mahamoud Nasser Houssein Mahamoud (Djibouti)
Assistant Referee 1: Robleh Dirir Eleyeh Robleh (Djibouti)
Assistant Referee 2: Omer Hamid Mohamed Ahmed (Somalia)
Fourth official: Rurisa Fidele (Rwanda)
Commissioner: Khalid Abdallah Mohamed (Tanzania)
General Coordinator: Baraka Kizuguto (Tanzania)
DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
Nigerian Ademola Lookman named CAF Player of the Year 2024
CAF Awards 2024: Omedi loses to Angola’s Mabululu in Goal of the Year Category
CAF Awards 2024 D-day: Will Denis Omedi write his name into African Folklore?
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/10/09/uganda-hippos-defeat-burundi-to-qualify-for-semi-finals-with-a-game-left/ 
 ----- 
