Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Tornadoes hit Texas
Trump H1b
Delray Beach
Bengals
University of Miami
SPORTS
Uruguay starts Copa America campaign with 3-1 win over Panama
1 of 11 |  

Uruguay’s Darwin Nunez celebrates after scoring his side’s 2nd goal against Panama during a Copa America Group C soccer match in Miami Gardens, Fla, Sunday, June 23, 2024.(AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)

2 of 11 |  

Uruguay’s Maximiliano Araujo celebrates after scoring his side’s opening goal against Panama during a Copa America Group C soccer match in Miami Gardens, Fla, Sunday, June 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell)

3 of 11 |  

Uruguay’s Maximiliano Araujo celebrates after scoring his side’s opening goal against Panama during a Copa America Group C soccer match in Miami Gardens, Fla, Sunday, June 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell)

4 of 11 |  

Uruguay’s Maximiliano Araujo, right, celebrates after scoring his side’s opening goal against Panama during a Copa America Group C soccer match in Miami Gardens, Fla, Sunday, June 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell)

5 of 11 |  

Uruguay’s Maximiliano Araujo, bottom center celebrates with teammates after scoring his side’s opening goal against Panama during a Copa America Group C soccer match in Miami Gardens, Fla, Sunday, June 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell)

6 of 11 |  

Uruguay’s Ronald Araujo makes an unsuccessful attempt to score against Panama’s goalkeeper Orlando Mosquera during a Copa America Group C soccer match in Miami Gardens, Fla, Sunday, June 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell)

7 of 11 |  

Panama’s Adalberto Carrasquilla, right, and Uruguay’s Manuel Ugarte battle for the ball during a Copa America Group C soccer match in Miami Gardens, Fla, Sunday, June 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell)

8 of 11 |  

Panama’s Jose Fajardo is blocked by Uruguay’s goalkeeper Sergio Rochet and Uruguay’s Maximiliano Araujo, left, during a Copa Liberduring a Copa America Group C soccer match in Miami Gardens, Fla, Sunday, June 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)

9 of 11 |  

Uruguay’s Darwin Nunez celebrates after scoring his side’s 2nd goal against Panama during a Copa America Group C soccer match in Miami Gardens, Fla, Sunday, June 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)

10 of 11 |  

Uruguay’s Matias Vina, right, celebrates with teammate Sebastian Caceres after scoring his side’s third goal against Panama during a Copa America Group C soccer match in Miami Gardens, Fla, Sunday, June 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)

11 of 11 |  

Uruguay’s goalkeeper Sergio Rochet celebrates his team’s 3-1 victory over Panama at the end of a Copa America Group C soccer match in Miami Gardens, Fla, Sunday, June 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)

BY  ALANIS THAMES
Updated 3:55 AM UTC, June 24, 2024
Share

MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) — Maximiliano Araújo scored when he sent a long-range shot into the top far corner in the 16th minute, Darwin Núñez and Matías Viña added late goals and Uruguay beat Panama 3-1 on Sunday night in its Copa America opener.

Seeking a record 16th Copa America title, Uruguay dominated with 20 shots, including seven on target. Amir Murillo scored late into stoppage time for Panama.

The match drew 33,425 to Hard Rock Stadium, home of the NFL’s Miami Dolphins. The stadium is the site of the July 14 final and seven games during the 2026 World Cup.

The United States defeated Bolivia 2-0 in Sunday’s earlier Group C game at Arlington, Texas.

Uruguay plays Bolivia at East Rutherford, New Jersey, on Thursday, when Panama faces the U.S. in Atlanta. The group ends July 1 with a U.S.-Uruguay game at Kansas City, Missouri, and a Panama-Bolivia match in Orlando, Florida. The top two teams move on to the quarterfinals.

Uruguay is tied with Argentina for a record 15 Copa America titles but hasn’t advanced past the quarterfinals since winning its last championship in 2011.

Panama failed to get past the group phase in 2016, its only previous appearance as a guest at South America’s championship.

RELATED STORIES
Uruguay beats Colombia 3-2 on last-minute goal in South American qualifying
Vinícius back for Brazil and Martínez for Argentina in South American 2026 World Cup qualifying
Argentina beats Peru to close in on World Cup spot; Brazil and Uruguay draw

“I think we were too cautious in front of this team,” Panama coach Thomas Christiansen said through an interpreter. “At some points we had a certain level of fear. The second half was a bit different. We had opportunities. We played a bit higher and did well. That’s what I told the players. Even though we lost against one of the favorite contenders, we are a team that remains eager.”

Araújo scored the first goal after he received a pass from Viña from just outside the penalty area, took a touch and turned. He tapped the ball twice and curled a left-footed shot past goalkeeper Orlando Mosquera’s outstretched left arm for his second goal in nine international appearances.

Núñez made it 2-0 in the 85th minute after Panama turned over the ball in the center circle. Nicolás de la Cruz played a long cross to Araújo, whose header deflected off a shoulder of Murillo to Núñez. He volleyed from 12 yards for his 12th goal in 24 appearances, his ninth in his last six matches.

Viña boosted the margin to 3-0 with a header from de la Cruz’s free kick in the first minute of stoppage time, outjumping defender Abdiel Ayarza for his first international goal.

Murrillo cut back the ball for space in the fourth minute of stoppage time, sending Araújo spinning, and beat goalkeeper Sergio Rochet from 15 yards in the fourth minute of stoppage time for his ninth goal.

Uruguay has undergone a rebuilding process under Argentine coach Marcelo Bielsa after the retirement of Edinson Cavani and Diego Godín, and a young roster has shown its ability to contend. Uruguay beat Lionel Messi and Argentina and also Brazil in World Cup qualifiers, then routed Mexico 4-0 in a friendly early in June.

“It’s only natural that they are candidates for the title,” Bielsa said through an interpreter of Argentina, a team he coached from 1999 to 2004. “As for Uruguay’s expectations, we will see that and build it match by match. My expectation is that each match increasingly helps us to improve on our mistakes.”

Mosquera made four saves to keep the game close until late.

Luis Suárez, the 37-year-old striker who is Uruguay’s career leading scorer and was the player of the tournament in 2011, did not play.

___

AP Copa America coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/copa-america

ALANIS THAMES
Thames is an Associated Press sports writer based in Miami. She previously covered sports for the New York Times.
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Free IQ Test
:
Advertisement
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds and you ca...
Arthrozene
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Why These Ski Goggle s Are a Game Changer
topchicdeals
Advertisement:
Read More
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
Boy killed in Colorado reservatio n shooting was in bed when he...
A man has been arrested in the fatal shooting of a 7-year-old boy on a tribal...
AP News
New Hyundai Santa Fe Is Nearly Unrecogniza ble (Take A Peek At...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
Effective Non-surgical Body Contouring At Clinics In North Char...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Search Now
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Snoop's game: Snoop Dogg thrill s the crowd in the bowl that...
Miami of Ohio beat Colorado State in the Arizona Bowl, but Snoop Dogg was the...
AP News
Missing dog returned to family home and rang the doorbell
Athena, a 4-year-old German Shepherd and Husky mix, escaped her home in...
AP News
Lunar Lamp Brings Hope to New Homes
topgadgetlife
Advertisement:
Read More
Impressive New Hyun dai Santa Fe Is Perfect For Seniors (Take A...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
Why I Love My Purple Rose Cross
Purple Rose Cross Suncatcher
Advertisement:
Read More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutions)
budgetsmart:Advertisement
New Needle-free Blood Glucose Meter: Check Out The Prices
WallStreet Viral:Advertisement
Search Now
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates historical scenarios
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Game
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/uruguay-panama-score-copa-america-8de89c95d051f31f24b428f3157dc33d 
 ----- 
