Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Jack Smith resigns
Kohl’s store closings
Chase Chrisley
Mike Vrabel
SPORTS
Braves rally to beat Blue Jays 4-3 in the 11th, move into a tie with Mets for final NL wild card
1 of 4 |  

Atlanta Braves outfielder Eli White (36) hits a bunt in the 11th inning of a baseball game between the Toronto Blue Jays and the Atlanta Braves, Sunday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Erik Rank)

2 of 4 |  

Atlanta Braves’ Michael Harris II celebrates during the 10th inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays, Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Erik Rank)

3 of 4 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ Spencer Horwitz scores during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves, Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Erik Rank)

4 of 4 |  

Atlanta Braves shortstop Orlando Arcia reacts during the 10th inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Erik Rank)

Updated 9:25 PM UTC, September 8, 2024
Share

ATLANTA (AP) — Sean Murphy’s infield ground ball with the bases loaded scored a sliding Eli White in the 11th inning, and the Atlanta Braves rallied for a gritty 4-3 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Sunday.

The Braves now have 12 extra-inning wins, which leads the big leagues. They took two of three games from the Blue Jays and are tied with the New York Mets for the final wild card in a tight National League playoff race.

“That was probably one of the top two or three most draining games I’ve ever been a part of,” Braves manager Brian Snitker said. “It’s great to see how they just hung in there and kept forcing the issue.”

Atlanta got another brilliant outing from left-hander Chris Sale, who pitched six shutout innings. White had two crucial hits after entering the game as a defensive replacement at second base, which was just his fourth game in the big leagues at the position.

The Braves’ decisive rally started when White led off the 11th inning with a bunt single that advanced automatic runner Michael Harris II to third base. Adam Duvall then reached on an error by Blue Jays third baseman Addison Barger, whose throw sailed wide to first and scored Harris to tie the game.

RELATED STORIES
Sean Manaea to re-sign with Mets for $75 million over 3 years, AP source says
Right-hander Griffin Canning and Mets agree to $4.25 million, 1-year contract
World Series champion Dodgers top MLB luxury tax at $103 million as record 9 teams owe penalty

Murphy followed with the bouncing ball up the middle off Zach Pop (1-4) and White was able to score, sliding in ahead of the throw from shortstop Ernie Clement.

“Just making sure I put the ball in play, and hopefully something good happens,” Murphy said. “Hit it to a good enough spot.”

George Springer put the Blue Jays up 3-2 in the 11th with a bouncing single up the middle that scored Barger, who had advanced to third on a sacrifice bunt from Brian Serven. Springer had three hits.

Sale — a leading contender for the NL Cy Young Award — sliced through the Blue Jays lineup with little trouble, relying on his usual pitch mix that was heavy on four-seam fastballs and a sweeping slider. He threw a season-high 113 pitches, finishing his outing by retiring Leo Jiménez on a flyout to right after an 11-pitch battle. The veteran struck out seven, walked one and hit two batters.

“His whole year has been phenomenal,” Snitker said.

Atlanta rallied twice for the crucial win.

Trailing 2-1 in the ninth, White reached first on a bouncing ball up the middle for a single. Marcell Ozuna followed with a single into the left-center gap that moved White to third.

Matt Olson then lofted a long fly ball to left, easily scoring White for the sacrifice fly that tied it. It was Chad Green’s third straight blown save.

Braves reliever Raisel Iglesias (5-1) coaxed two straight weak ground balls with the bases loaded from Nathan Lukes and Barger to end a bases-loaded threat in the 10th. Atlanta pulled the infield in and Orlando Arcia was able to get the force out at home for the second out.

Iglesias worked two innings for the win, giving up a run in the 11th but limiting damage.

Pinch hitter Spencer Horwitz put the Blue Jays ahead 2-1 in the eighth with a two-run homer. The blast came on a low slider from Joe Jimenez that the left-handed hitter golfed into the right field seats for a 2-1 lead.

It was the third homer in two games for Horwitz, who smacked two long balls in the Blue Jays’ 9-5 win on Saturday.

Toronto’s Yariel Rodríguez gave up one run on two hits over his five innings, walking one and striking out six.

Jarred Kelenic put the Braves up 1-0 in the second on a two-out homer to right-center, which was his 15th long ball of the season. Sale now has an 8-1 record in games following an Atlanta loss.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Braves: 2B Whit Merrifield (fractured foot) could return for next weekend’s series against the Dodgers if he can tolerate the pain. The initial prognosis was that the veteran would miss 6-8 weeks, but a foot specialist said the injury wasn’t as serious as initially thought. Merrifield fouled a ball off his left foot on Friday night.

The Braves are already missing 2B Ozzie Albies (left wrist fracture), who has been out seven weeks. He is still having discomfort when swinging and there is no timetable for his return.

UP NEXT

Blue Jays: Host the Mets on Monday for the start of a three-game series. New York will start RHP Paul Blackburn (5-4, 4.66 ERA). The Blue Jays haven’t announced a starter.

Braves: Host Cincinnati on Monday for a makeup game. RHP Charlie Morton (8-7, 4.24 ERA) will start for the Braves. The Reds haven’t announced a starter.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Louisiana man charged with murder in stabbing deaths of...
Pay No Interest Until...
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Pastrnak's goal in OT lifts Bruins over Panthers 4-3 and...
Plan for stricter lobster fishing rules scrapped amid strong...
Shadow fleet of tankers keeps Russia's oil money flowing de...
Latest NFL season highlights fina ncial risks for sports betting...
It’s been a tough football season for sports books. FanDuel and its key rival DraftKin...
AP News
Canada's former leader Chrétien has blunt advice for Trump:...
Jean Chrétien, who was Canada’s prime minister from 1993 to 2003, joined a...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Feel Well with Axial Spondyloarthritis
Self
Advertisement:
Learn More
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates historical...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
3 Simple Steps to Use Cinnamon for Lower Blood Sugar
Longevity Portal
Advertisement:
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
US to return $52.8 million in seized assets linked to Nigeria'...
The United States will return $52.88 million in seized assets to Nigeria as part...
AP News
Trump can still vote after senten cing, but can't own a gun and...
President-elect Donald Trump doesn’t have to go to jail, pay a fine or perform...
AP News
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Germany calls a Russian oil tanker adrift in the Baltic Sea a...
An oil tanker believed to be part of Russia’s efforts to evade international...
AP News
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned after submitting his...
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned from the Justice Department after subm...
AP News
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Put 2025 In Its Place
YETI
Advertisement:
Shop Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Empty Cruises Departing From South Carolina That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Top Searcher Now:Advertisement
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle ?
Puzzloom:Advertisement
Read Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/blue-jays-braves-score-d2818e60f3f1c51b8a73aa86e06f4455 
 ----- 
