Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
MLB News
Angels vs. Rays to debut MLB's virtual ballpark in regular season

Fans around the world will be able to join at 6:40 PM ET on Wednesday September 20

MLB's virtual ballpark experience is back for its first regular season gameMLB Communications
LW
14/09/2023 - 22:28 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Boston Red Sox. Red Sox fire team president Chaim Bloom after 4 years on the job
Atlanta Braves. Ronald Acuna Jr. confronts Phillies fans: If you can't stop it, admire it

Major League Baseball is set to make history once again as it announces the streaming of its first-ever regular season game in an interactive virtual ballpark.

The much-anticipated event is scheduled for Wednesday, September 20, when the Tampa Bay Rays will host the Los Angeles Angels live from Tropicana Field.

What is a "virtual ballpark"?

The league introduced the concept of a digital park earlier this summer during a celebrity softball game held as part of this year's All-Star Game festivities.

However, next week's game marks a significant milestone as it becomes the first non-exhibition game to utilize this metaverse-like digital park, aiming to redefine the fan experience.

This immersive animation takes full advantage of the industry's most advanced tracking data and the latest in computer vision technology.

Synchronized with Gameday 3D for its inaugural test run, fans worldwide logging into the virtual ballpark will witness three-dimensional avatars mirroring the real-time action on the field.

These avatars are meticulously tracked using Sony Hawk-Eye cameras, the same technology used for the league's Statcast data.

Beyond experiencing the game from unprecedented viewing angles, fans can engage with one another through spatial audio, and explore the ballpark's virtual nooks and crannies while participating in trivia games and a scavenger hunt.

For those who prefer the traditional view, the game's live television broadcast will be available on the virtual park's gigantic Jumbotrons floating throughout the field and parking area.

MLB expanding baseball's boundaries

Kenny Gersh, MLB'sExecutive Vice President of Media and Business Development, shared the league's vision for this innovative approach, stating, "With the virtual ballpark, we want to continue to give our fans options to experience the game they love in unique ways and test the boundaries of baseball content delivery. Gameday 3D allows us to experiment even more within the virtual ballpark and should allow our fans to further immerse themselves into the experience of a game."

MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry's...
Marca
Palisad es Fire...
Marca

This groundbreaking experience is accessible on any internet-connected personal device, including computers, tablets, and smartphones. While MLB suggests that desktop or laptop devices provide the best experience, mobile users can opt for Safari on iOS or Chrome on Android for an optimized view.

The immersive experience is set to begin at 6:40 PM ET on September 20. To join, fans are required to create an MLB profile. Afterward, they can visit the virtual ballpark's webpage, where they can design a custom avatar with their favorite team's apparel before joining the unique digital experience.

MLB - English
Los Angeles Angels - English
Miami Marlins - English
MLBFormer MLB star and current San Diego Padres third base coach Matt Williams is facing divorce
Atlanta BravesAtlanta Braves make history with 6th consecutive NL East crown
MLBAlex Rodriguez reportedly ratted on other players who were on PEDs, lied to Yankees too
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/2023/09/15/6503cc57e2704ef64e8b4573.html 
 ----- 
