SCORES
LATEST
Football News
News
Transfers
Opinion
Analysis
Player Ratings
Winners & Losers
Power Rankings
Entertainment
Culture
Kits
Boots
Tickets
Buyers' guides
Gaming
Quizzes
Social
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
YouTube
COMPETITIONS
Leagues
Premier League
La Liga
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Europa League
UEFA Europa Conference League
MLS
Saudi Pro League
Clubs
Manchester United
Liverpool
Manchester City
Chelsea
Arsenal
Real Madrid
Barcelona
PSG
Bayern Munich
Juventus
Inter Miami
Al-Nassr
International
England
Argentina
Brazil
France
USMNT
Germany
Spain
Italy
Portugal
Netherlands
Belgium
Women's Football
Latest News
UWCL
WSL
NWSL
Players
Cristiano Ronaldo
Lionel Messi
Kylian Mbappe
Erling Haaland
Neymar
INDIVISA
MUNDIAL
GOALSTUDIO
Getty Images/Goal
Soham Mukherjee
Mar 26, 2024 22:27+00:00
Watch out Europe, Germany are back! Jamal Musiala shines as Julian Nagelsmann's side follow up impressive France victory with big win over the Netherlands
J. Musiala
Germany
K. Havertz
Germany vs Netherlands
Netherlands
Friendlies

Germany registered a statement win over the Netherlands following an impressive victory over France with Jamal Musiala shining again for the hosts.

Article continues below
Germany beat the Netherlands 2-1
Musiala was once again sensational
Niclas Fullkrug stole the show with a late winner
Getty Images
TELL ME MORE

It was an electrifying start to the game with the visitors surging ahead in the fourth minute through Joey Veerman. Memphis Depay stole the ball away and cut it back for Veerman who finished past Marc-Andre Ter Stegen. The early jolt woke Germany up from their slumber with Jamal Musiala looking menacing with his dribbling and guile. They did not have to wait long to get the equaliser as a thunderbolt from Maximilian Mittelstadt levelled the score in the 10th minute. After Musiala teed him up, the left back fearlessly tried his luck from distance and his effort had enough venom to beat Bart Verbruggen.

After the equaliser, Germany further upped the ante. The partnership of Musiala and Florian Wirtz was free-flowing and the Dutch defenders had a tough time keeping them in check. After a sustained spell of German dominance, the Dutch started making inroads on the counter. Matthijs de Ligt should have converted a free-kick from Daley Blind but the defender bizarrely chose to be unselfish from a scoring position and headed the ball across the goal instead of going for the target. After the break, the Netherlands showed more sharpness in attack and this time it was Depay who fluffed his lines as he shot over the crossbar.

The Dutch kept probing and they even got the better half-chances but the lack of finesse hurt their cause. It was only in the final quarter that the home fans found their voice once again with Musiala coming tantalisingly close on a couple of occasions to getting his name on the scoresheet. Nonetheless, Niclas Fullkrug chipped in with the winner after connecting to a Toni Kroos corner with his shoulder. Verbruggen stretched every muscle of his body to stop it but the ball had trickled just over the goal line before he pulled it out and the goal line technology deemed the ball to be over the line by a whisker to hand Germany their second win in this international break.

Advertisement
DID YOU KNOW?

It was Fullkrug's 11th international goal in just 15 appearances. It's a quite remarkable record, considering he did not make his Germany debut until he was nearly 30 years old.

THE MVP

Musiala was the brightest spark on the pitch. The Bayern Munich player displayed his wide range of skills with the ball but showed enough maturity and composure to find the right pass at the right time. Although he has an assist to show for his efforts, the youngster would be disappointed to have not found the net after a stellar evening at Frankfurt.

Getty Images
THE BIG LOSER

Kai Havertz was an almost anonymous figure. He hardly got involved with the game, was cut a solitary figure up front, and was finally replaced in the 73rd minute by Fullkrug. There was a shroud of frustration and disappointment upon his face as he walked to the dugout, likely as he's been in such good form recently.

Getty
WHAT COMES NEXT?

It has been an incredible week for Germany with successive victories against two European powerhouses - France & Netherlands. Their Euro 2024 preparations are well on track and in home conditions, Julian Nagelsmann's Germany will be a force to reckon with. Meanwhile, Ronald Koeman will be disappointed with his team's finishing. They did have their chances but did not make the most of them and hence paid the price. They will be back in action against Canada on June 6 in a warm-up friendly ahead of the European Championship.

MATCH RATING (OUT OF FIVE): ⭐⭐⭐
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Privacy policy
Careers
Goal App (Android)
Goal App (iOS)
Goal Live
International
International (English)
Arabic (العربية)
Argentina (Español)
Australia (English)
Bahrain (English)
Brasil (Português)
Cameroon (English)
Chile (Español)
Colombia (Español)
Dutch (Nederlands)
Egypt (العربية)
France (Français)
Germany (Deutsch)
Ghana (English)
Hungary (Magyar)
India (English)
Indonesia (Indonesia)
Italy (Italiano)
Japanese (日本語)
Kenya (English)
Korea (한국어)
Kuwait (English)
Malaysia (English)
Mexico (Español)
Nigeria (English)
Oman (English)
Qatar (English)
Saudi Arabia (العربية)
Saudi Arabia (English)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Spain (Español)
Tanzania (English)
Thailand (ไทย)
Turkiye (Türkçe)
Uganda (English)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
USA (English)
Vietnam (Tiếng Việt)
Copyright © 2024 Goal All rights reserved. The information contained in Goal may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of Goal
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.goal.com/en/lists/germany-jamal-musiala-shines-julian-nagelsmann-win-over-the-netherlands/bltc7606bf5c9ab345a 
 ----- 
