International Football

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Why are Germany and Adidas ending their iconic partnership?
By Raphael Honigstein
Mar 26, 2024

125

Earlier this month, Adidas launched the Nationalmannschaft’s new home kit with a video that cleverly poked fun at the idea of some things being “typical German”. They juxtaposed stereotypes such as an apartment block full of people called Muller with the more nuanced realities of a multicultural society — the diverse make-up of the squad, for example, or fans supporting more than one national side.

The not-so-subtle subtext of the advert was that Germany wearing Adidas, the Herzogenaurach-based company that first started supplying them with boots before their triumph at the 1954 World Cup, was itself part of the football nation’s cultural identity.

Just how strongly people believed in that became apparent a few days later (last Thursday) when the German FA surprisingly announced that it would be switching to American brand Nike as its kit supplier from 2027 onwards. Social media brimmed with anger and sadness over the breakup of this 70-year-old iconic partnership over money.

	This Adidas boot was used by West Germany at the 1954 World Cup (Rolf Vennenbernd/picture alliance via Getty Images)

Reports, unconfirmed by the German FA (DFB) and Nike, suggested that the new deal, worth €100m (£85.7m; $108.3m) per year, was nearly double the sum Adidas were prepared to pay. (A source close to the German FA, speaking to The Athletic on condition of anonymity due to confidentiality agreements, said those figures were “broadly accurate”.)

Politicians across the political spectrum didn’t pass up the chance to jump on the bandwagon. Economy minister Robert Habeck (Greens) said he would have preferred “a bit more patriotism” from the football association and health minister Karl Lauterbach (Social Democrats) called it “a wrong decision (of) commerce destroying tradition and a piece of home”.

How to follow Euro 2024 on The Athletic…

Euro 2024 news and features
Euro 2024 fixtures and schedule
Euro 2024 and Copa America kit ratings

Bavarian prime minister Markus Soder (Christian Social Union) — who hails from Franconia, the same region as Adidas — lamented the FA’s decision as “shameful”, warning that German football should not allow itself to be “a pawn in international corporate battles”.

Unlike Adidas, who had anticipated a (medium-sized) culture-war backlash over their new pink away shirt for the national team and addressed the faux outrage in a second, equally well-made video, the German FA seemed ill-prepared for this criticism.

It took them more than a day to follow up their initial, terse press release with a more detailed “questions and answers” piece that explained that the change of supplier was the result of a “transparent and non-discriminatory bidding process”, the timing of which — two years before the end of the existing contract with Adidas in March 2026 — was “in line with market practice”. Because of stock market rules, they added, it was necessary to go public with the decision as soon as possible.

DFB vice chairman Hans-Joachim Watzke said he understood the public’s strong emotional reaction but had little time for the populist intervention of politicians. “The difference in bids were so enormous that there was no other outcome,” the 64-year-old told Sky Germany, “I’m incredibly angry about their comments.”

	Rudi Voller, in an Adidas kit, playing for West Germany at the 1990 World Cup (Frank Kleefeldt/picture alliance via Getty Images)

As a non-profit organisation that supports grassroots football and is short on money after building a national football campus and a series of tax scandals, the DFB had indeed little choice but to accept Nike’s offer. “If they had turned it down, the authorities might have started investigating them for financial misconduct,” the source close to the federation says.

Things were different not so long ago. In late 2006, Nike made a sensational offer of €500m for eight years to the German FA, but bosses stuck with the far less lucrative Adidas deal at the time, citing a verbal agreement to extend the contract with their long-term partner, who also own a nine per cent share in the country’s biggest football club — Bayern Munich.

GO DEEPER

Kroos' sublime return suggests Nagelsmann's decision might be a masterstroke

Even though the outcome of that saga underlined the enduring links between Adidas and German football, it also signposted that Nike were not prepared to accept the existing status quo forever. They had already successfully challenged the German FA’s blanket ban on non-Adidas boots for international players after the World Cup in 2006, ending the absurd practice of Nike-sponsored pros like Jens Lehmann playing with taped-over shoes for Germany.

However, all three parties still seemed somewhat astonished by Nike’s winning bid. People at Nike, who did not have permission to speak for this article, regarded last Monday’s pitch in Frankfurt as ambitious and were surprised when the deal was secured.

Adidas, who had no matching rights under the existing terms of the deal, didn’t anticipate as much competition, a person familiar with the bidding process who spoke to The Athletic on condition of anonymity said.

Lastly, the German FA did not expect such a big deal following poor performances at the last three men’s tournaments and a general sense in the country of disenchantment with the national team in recent years.

While the impending switch was announced at an embarrassing time for Adidas — less than three months before the German national team will take up camp at Herzogenaurach for the Euros — there were good reasons for making the decision now.

A deal of this magnitude needs to be sanctioned by the German FA’s board, who tend to meet during international breaks. More importantly, the German FA wanted to steal a march on other competitors such as the French national team, whose kit deal is also up for grabs soon.

After this controversy dies down, which it will in due course, the last few days will ultimately be seen as a triumph for the German FA — and not just because of the commercial boost it will bring.

	Toni Kroos wearing Germany’s current Adidas kit last weekend (Mustafa Yalcin/Anadolu via Getty Images)

The way the kit debate(s) monopolised the news agenda served as a powerful reminder of the national team’s importance for the country’s psyche. The Adidas “home kit” video was so well received that thousands of supporters have signed a petition for the soundtrack, a remix of Peter Schilling’s 1980s classic Major Tom, to become the national team’s new goal anthem to be played after they score.

Traditionalists, too, should find solace in a closer look at history, since the nostalgia for a soon-to-be bygone era is partly lined with false memories.

Despite their association with Adidas, Germany in fact played in a variety of different shirts until the final of the 1980 European Championship, when the three stripes first made an appearance.

If the Nationalmannschaft can win another three trophies without the trefoil after 2027, as they did before 1980 — the 1954 World Cup, the 1974 World Cup and the 1972 European Championship — then nobody will mind.

(Top photo: West Germany before the 1990 World Cup final; by Bongarts/Getty Images)

Get all-access to exclusive stories.

Subscribe to The Athletic for in-depth coverage of your favorite players, teams, leagues and clubs. Try a week on us.

Start Free Trial

Munich-born Raphael Honigstein has lived in London since 1993. He writes about German football and the Premier League. Follow Raphael on Twitter @honigstein

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5365042/2024/03/26/germany-adidas-ending-partnership/ 
 ----- 
