Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 Copa América, Group Stage
PAR
0-0-2, 0 PTS
1
FT
BRA
1-1-0, 4 PTS
4
Omar Alderete - 48'
Andrés Cubas - 81'
Vinícius Júnior - 35', 45'+5'Savinho - 43'Lucas Paquetá - 65' Pen
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Videos
Vini Jr. doubles helps Brazil bounce back with win over Paraguay
ByReuters
Updated: Jun 29, 2024, 05:04 am

Brazil's Vinícius Júnior scored twice in his side's 4-1 Copa America victory over Paraguay in a Group D clash in Nevada on Friday, bouncing back from a lacklustre display in his first game of the tournament.

Colombia, who have qualified for the quarter-finals, top Group D with six points after two matches, with Brazil in second on four points.

Costa Rica are third with one point and Paraguay, who are bottom with zero after two defeats, have been eliminated from the competition in the group stage for only the second time since 2001.

This victory marked Brazil's first win in six competitive matches and their maiden competitive win under the management of Dorival Jr, who took charge of the team in January.

From the whistle, Vinícius' pace and trickery posed a constant threat to Paraguay down the left flank, a far cry from his performance in Brazil's 0-0 draw with Costa Rica in their opening group stage match, in which he was largely ineffectual.

Despite Brazil's strong start, it was Paraguay who almost went ahead in the 15th minute as Damián Bobadilla's goal-bound effort took a massive deflection off Éder Militão and nearly wrongfooted Brazil goalkeeper Alisson Becker, who showed quick reflexes to keep out the strike.

Vinícius Júnior answered his critics with two goals in Brazil's win over Paraguay.
FREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP via Getty Images

Brazil earned a 28th-minute penalty for a handball, which was fired wide by Lucas Paquetá, but the midfielder made up for his miss seven minutes later as he set up Vinícius with a first-time pass to cap off a flowing team move.

Girona winger Sávio doubled Brazil's advantage after pouncing on a rebound inside the box, before Vinícius stuck out a boot to divert a clearance from Omar Alderete into the net for his second goal of the night in first half stoppage time.

Paraguay got a goal back after the break as Alderete netted a superb long-range, but any hopes of a comeback were swiftly dashed when Brazil were awarded a penalty in the 68th minute after a handball by Mathías Villasanti.

Despite his earlier miss, Paqueta stepped up and made no mistake at the second time of asking to send Brazil's fans at the Allegiant Stadium into delirium.

Towards the end of the match, tempers flared and Andrés Cubas was shown a red card after kicking out at Douglas Luiz, with Brazil using their man's advantage to comfortably see out the game and clinch the three points.

"In particular the first half, up to the 40 minutes, it was very even," Paraguay coach Daniel Garnero told reporters.

"I think we created some opportunities. Unfortunately, in the three minutes we got a bit distracted and they scored two goals that made a great difference in the result. And Vinícius is an elite player, no doubt about it."

Brazil next face group leaders Colombia in California on Tuesday, where a draw would be enough to secure qualification for the quarter-finals.

Paraguay face Costa Rica, who retain a slim chance of progressing to the quarter-finals, in Texas.

Game Information
Allegiant Stadium
1:00 AM, June 29, 2024
Coverage: FS1
Las Vegas, Nevada, USA
Line: BRA -1.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 46,939
Referees:
Piero Maza
Sponsored Headlines
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
Find out how LifeMD can improve your sleep. Easy prescription solutions that help you rest well. Save 50% and get free rush shipping today.
LifeMD
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Folks In North Charleston Are Ditching Knee-Pain Using This
RejuvaKnee | Knee-Pain Relief
|
Sponsored
20% Off Roadie® 24 Hard Cooler
Snag one now while supplies last.
YETI Coolers
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/690719 
 ----- 
