Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Jeju Air plane crash
Norovirus
Charles Dolan dies at 98
Halifax plane incident
Trump H-1B
SPORTS
Defending Euro champ Italy draws 0-0 against Turkey, which loses Kabak to injury. Portugal wins 4-2
1 of 9 |  

Italy coach Luciano Spalletti gestures during the international friendly soccer match between Italy and Turkey at the Renato Dall’Ara stadium in Bologna, Italy, Tuesday, June 4, 2024. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)

2 of 9 |  

Turkey’s Ozan Kabak is carried injured out of the pitch by medical staff during the international friendly soccer match between Italy and Turkey at the Renato Dall’Ara stadium in Bologna, Italy, Tuesday, June 4, 2024. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)

3 of 9 |  

Turkey’s Ozan Kabak, bottom, grimaces in pain after being injured during the international friendly soccer match between Italy and Turkey at the Renato Dall’Ara stadium in Bologna, Italy, Tuesday, June 4, 2024. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)

4 of 9 |  

Italy’s Mateo Retegui, front, attempts a shot on goal during the international friendly soccer match between Italy and Turkey at the Renato Dall’Ara stadium in Bologna, Italy, Tuesday, June 4, 2024. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)

5 of 9 |  

Italy’s Bryan Cristante, left, and Turkey’s Kaan Ayhan in action during the international friendly soccer match between Italy and Turkey at Renato Dall’Ara Stadium, Bologna, Italy, Tuesday June 4, 2024. (Massimo Paolone/LaPresse via AP)

6 of 9 |  

Turkey’s coach Vincenzo Montella, center, talks with Italy’s Davide Frattesi, second from left, after the international friendly soccer match between Italy and Turkey at the Renato Dall’Ara stadium in Bologna, Italy, Tuesday, June 4, 2024. The match ends in a 0-0 draw. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)

Read More
7 of 9 |  

Portugal’s Bruno Fernandes, center, celebrates after scoring the third goal against Finland during an international friendly soccer match between Portugal and Finland at the Alvalade stadium in Lisbon, Tuesday, June 4, 2024. (AP Photo/Armando Franca)

8 of 9 |  

Finland’s Teemu Pukki, fourth from left, celebrates with his teammates after scoring the first goal against Portugal during an international friendly soccer match between Portugal and Finland at the Alvalade stadium in Lisbon, Tuesday, June 4, 2024. (AP Photo/Armando Franca)

Read More
9 of 9 |  

Portugal’s Diogo Jota scoring from penalty the second goal against Finland during an international friendly soccer match between Portugal and Finland at the Alvalade stadium in Lisbon, Tuesday, June 4, 2024. (AP Photo/Armando Franca)

BY  DANIELLA MATAR
Updated 10:17 PM UTC, June 4, 2024
Share

MILAN (AP) — Italy stuttered to a 0-0 draw at home to Turkey in the first of two warmup matches before it begins the defense of its European Championship title next week.

Tuesday’s match was overshadowed by a serious-looking injury to Turkey defender Ozan Kabak, who appears more than likely to miss Euro 2024 in Germany where he plays his club soccer.

Kabak, who plays for Hoffenheim in the Bundesliga, was applauded by both teams and the whole of the stadium in Bologna when he was stretchered off shortly before halftime after injuring his right knee.

The 24-year-old player fell awkwardly following a challenge with Italy forward Mateo Retegui.

Turkey plays its first Euro 2024 match against Georgia on June 18 before facing Portugal and the Czech Republic.

There were few real goalscoring opportunities and Italy’s best chance of the match came with the last piece of action of the first half as Bryan Cristante headed a corner onto the near post.

Retegui wasted a good opportunity in the 59th minute when he opted for an acrobatic overhead kick that went far over the bar.

Juventus midfielder Nicolò Fagioli was brought on shortly afterward for his Italy comeback after recently returning from a seven-month ban from soccer for betting violations.

RELATED STORIES
Gyokeres leads Sweden to Nations League win and the Dutch reach the knockout rounds
Preserving Macao's fusion cuisine with recipes passed down generations
Draw list for the UEFA Nations League quarterfinals and promotion-relegation playoffs

Bologna defender Riccardo Calafiori was warmly applauded when he came on in the 85th minute for his Italy debut at his home stadium.

Italy has another friendly against Bosnia-Herzegovina on Sunday before kicking off its title defense against Albania on June 15. Spain and Croatia are also in Group B.

RONALDO-LESS PORTUGAL

Without Cristiano Ronaldo, Portugal eased to a 4-2 win over Finland.

Portugal coach Roberto Martinez had already said that Ronaldo would miss his country’s first two friendlies – against Finland and Croatia – as he was being given a rest and allowed to go on a mini-break with his family as the season only recently ended in Saudi Arabia.

He could return for the final warmup against Ireland.

Portugal dominated against Finland and Bruno Fernandes put it 3-0 up in the 55th minute following Ruben Dias’ opener and a penalty converted by Diego Jota on the stroke of halftime.

Teemu Pukki got Finland back into the match with two goals in four minutes before Fernandes doubled his tally.

DOMINANT AUSTRIA

Austria was in firm control from the start as it beat Serbia 2-1.

Patrick Wimmer latched onto Christoph Baumgartner’s through ball to fire Austria ahead in the 10th minute,

Baumgartner got on the scoresheet himself just three minutes later in a dominant first half for the hosts.

Strahinja Pavlovic reduced the deficit with a header in the 35th.

Austria faces France, Poland and the Netherlands in Group D, while Serbia is in in Group C with England, Slovenia and Denmark.

UNBEATEN RUN ENDED

Hungary’s 14-match unbeaten run was ended by a 2-1 loss to Ireland.

Substitute Troy Parrott broke from his own half to pounce in stoppage time to hand Ireland the surprise win.

Adam Idah had headed Ireland in front in the 36th minute but Adam Lang leveled four minutes later.

Hungary, which was the only Euro 2024-bound team other than Serbia to lose on Tuesday, will face Switzerland, Germany and Scotland in Group A.

Romania midfielder Dennis Man had a penalty saved as his team drew 0-0 against Bulgaria. Switzerland thrashed Estonia 4-0 and Slovenia beat Armenia 2-1.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Judge says woman accusing Jay-Z, Sean 'Diddy' Combs of raping her at age 13 can procee d anonymously
Learn More: Bipolar I Disor...
GoodRx
:
Advertisement
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
North Korea's Kim vows the toughest anti-US policy before Trump takes office
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
China's Xi orders a stop to a spree of mass killings known a...
China’s leader Xi Jinping wants the recent spree of mass killings that shocked the...
AP News
Azerbaijani and U.S. officials suggest plane that crashed ma...
U.S. and Azerbaijani officials have said weapons fire may have brought down an...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Distri ct Of Columbia (Che...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From District Of Columbia That Senio...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Sleep Made Simple: LifeMD [Learn More]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Research Accounts Payable Automation Software AP
Yahoo Search
Advertisement:
Learn More
How to Qualify for the Medicare Grocery Benefit (Take a Look)
Grocery Benefit
Advertisement:
Learn More: Major Depressive Disorder
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Learn More
Search for Accounts Payable Autom ation Software AP
Learn How You Can Get a Clear Audit and Reduce Costs by 80%! Get Top End-to-E...
Yahoo Search
Advertisement:
Search Now
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
The Perfect Game for Strategists
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
Walk-in Bathtubs May Be the Newest Trend in Modern Bathroom...
Newest Walk-In Tub
Advertisement:
District Of Columbia: Winter Stock Alert - $49 Smart Heater Se...
Ultra Heater
Advertisement:
Shop Now
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Man indicted in burning death of woman inside a New York City...
The man accused of burning a woman to death inside a New York City subway trai...
AP News
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
Why These Ski Goggle s Are a Game Changer
topchicdeals
Advertisement:
Read More
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisone...
Newly released body camera footage shows that a man fatally beaten in a New...
AP News
Ukraine's military intelligence says North Korean troops are...
Ukraine's military intelligence says North Korean troops are suffering heavy losses ...
AP News
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Cheap Storage Almost Being Given Away
Storage Unit Deals
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Game shows what the world without US military interventions would look like
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
Americans can once again order 4 free at-home tests
Test Kits:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/euro-friendlies-italy-turkey-portugal-fd4565b1fb5b7e6d8b900842c8a84196 
 ----- 
