    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  Guyanese World Cup quintet retained for T20I series against South Africa
SPORTS
Guyanese World Cup quintet retained for T20I series against South Africa
August 18, 2024 1
From left: Sherfane Rutheford, Shimron Hetmyer, Gudakesh Motie, Shamar Joseph and Romario Shepherd

The five Guyanese—Romario Shepherd, Sherfane Rutherford, Shimron Hetmyer, Shamar Joseph, and Gudakesh Motie—who participated in the unsuccessful West Indies World T20 campaign have retained their spots in the squad for the upcoming series against South Africa.

The three-match series is scheduled for 23 – 27 August 2024 in Trinidad.

The West Indies Men’s T20 team has won four of its last five series and just missed out on a semi-final place at the recently concluded ICC Men’s T20 World Cup, which was hosted in the Caribbean.

In the ICC Men’s T20I Team Rankings, West Indies is number four, and South Africa is number five.

Miles Bascombe, Director of Cricket, stated: “Andre Russell requested a rest and recovery, as did Jason Holder, who played five back-to-back Tests against England and South Africa. During this period, they will work closely with the CWI science and medicine team.”

Noting South Africa ended the West Indies’ World Cup campaign with a defeat in the Super 8, overturning the 3-0 result from the pre-World Cup series in Jamaica, Head Coach Daren Sammy remarked: “Facing a strong South Africa side is an excellent opportunity for our team to reset and refocus with our game plan. We have played them recently and had mixed results, so this should be an exciting and important series. I’m confident in the squad we’ve selected, and with eyes already on the next T20 World Cup in 2026, I know the guys will be keen to show their hunger for success.”

West Indies T20I squad: Rovman Powell (Captain), Roston Chase (Vice-Captain), Alick Athanaze, Johnson Charles, Matthew Forde, Shimron Hetmyer, Fabian Allen, Shai Hope, Akeal Hosein, Shamar Joseph, Obed McCoy, Gudakesh Motie, Nicholas Pooran, Sherfane Rutherford, Romario Shepherd

Team management: Daren Sammy (Head Coach), Rayon Griffith (Assistant Coach), Floyd Reifer (Assistant Coach), Ramesh Subasinghe (Assistant Coach), Denis Byam (Physiotherapist), Ronald Rogers (Strength & Conditioning Coach), Fitzbert Alleyne (Team Masseuse), Rawl Lewis (Team Manager), Avenash Seetaram (Team Analyst), John Phillips (Team Media & Content Officer)

MATCH SCHEDULE

23 August – 1st T20I, West Indies v South Africa at the Brian Lara Cricket Academy
25 August – 2nd T20I West Indies v South Africa at the Brian Lara Cricket Academy
27 August – 3rd T20I West Indies v South Africa at the Brian Lara Cricket Academy

All matches will start at 3:00 PM local time and will be part of doubleheaders with the Massy Women’s Caribbean Premier League (WCPL).

This will be the first time that WI Men’s Internationals will be part of a doubleheader with a Women’s franchise competition, and cricket fans will be able to see the best male and female players taking part in matches on the same ticket.

The WCPL takes place at the Brian Lara Cricket Academy in Trinidad between the 21 and 29 August.

Advertisement _____
Previous article
Linden robbers caught by Police, found with unlicensed guns & ammo 
Next article
West Indies select Guyanese Hardat and Manns for Women’s U-19 tour of England
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
Young trio shines in Rapid and Blitz Open Chess competitions
Sports
Boland takes four on Australian day at SCG; Bumrah lifts India with last-ball strike
Sports
Four-Day: Hercules wants batsmen to focus on ‘long innings’
1 COMMENT
Xhrp2wkb1 August 19, 2024 At 12:17 pm

world cup done so now dem request rest 

Reply
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
Deceased donor transplants to start in coming months
Editor - January 3, 2025
10 babies delivered at New Amsterdam Hospital on New Year’s Day
Editor - January 3, 2025
Linden Town Council’s $18M grant ready to be uplifted – Min Parag
Editor - January 3, 2025
British Airways issue resolved, stranded passengers accommodated
Editor - January 3, 2025
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
August 2024
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2	3	4
5	6	7	8	9	10	11
12	13	14	15	16	17	18
19	20	21	22	23	24	25
26	27	28	29	30	31	 
« Jul   Sep »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2024/08/18/guyanese-world-cup-quintet-retained-for-t20i-series-against-south-africa/ 
 ----- 
