MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
All the adrenaline.
All the expertise.
All the savings.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Giants manager Bob Melvin defends his hitting coaches: ‘They’ve done a fantastic job’
By Andrew Baggarly
Sep 7, 2024

196

SAN DIEGO — The San Francisco Giants hold a hitters’ meeting prior to every series. They create a mini amphitheater in the batting cage and go over opposing pitchers. They tailor hitter-specific game plans for that day’s opposing starter. When applicable, they adopt team-wide strategies or point out opposing tendencies that can be exploited.

And one other topic usually comes up.

“Trust me, we talk about it in every hitter’s meeting,” Giants manager Bob Melvin said.

Scoring early. Or more to the point, why they aren’t doing it.

The Giants are among the least productive teams at applying early pressure and generating early offense. They’ve scored 179 runs in the first three innings, which ranks 26th in the major leagues — better than only the Miami Marlins, Pittsburgh Pirates, Los Angeles Angels and Chicago White Sox. Their run differential in the first three innings is minus-38.

Here’s the maddening part: Their hitters have been absolutely terrific in the seventh inning or later. They put up quality at-bats and string together rallies against what would figure to be the most toothsome portions of opposing bullpens. Their 3-2 victory in Thursday’s homestand finale against the Arizona Diamondbacks, which they achieved on Patrick Bailey’s RBI single in the ninth inning, was their 11th walk-off win this season. That’s the most among major-league clubs. (Disclaimer: If the Giants really were a superior team, some of those wins in their final at-bat would’ve been blowout victories instead.)

It isn’t only the spill-out-of-the-dugout victories at home that demonstrate the Giants’ late-inning verve at the plate. The numbers bear it out, too. Entering Friday’s series opener against the San Diego Padres at Petco Park, the Giants ranked seventh out of 30 major-league teams with 228 runs scored in the seventh inning or later. Their run differential after the seventh inning is plus-44. How good is that? Well, just for fun, consider that if the Giants were outscoring opponents at that same rate in the first six innings, then their overall run differential would be plus-132. The Milwaukee Brewers led the majors with a differential of plus-134 entering Friday.

	Heliot Ramos after flying out during the fifth inning Friday. (David Frerker / Imagn Images)

So, yeah. The Giants have been really, really good in the late innings.

So how come they haven’t been able to unlock that success from the game’s first pitch?

It’s a difficult paradox to square for the players, for Melvin and for a hitting group led by Justin Viele, Pat Burrell and Pedro Guerrero. As counterintuitive as it might be, most of their success is coming against the pitchers who should possess the liveliest and least hittable arms in the opposing bullpen. They know the performance is in there.

The Giants have been at their best when they’re in comeback mode. But playoff teams don’t have comeback mode as their default setting. The Giants simply haven’t created enough early leads to get on the right side of games. It was more of the same in Friday night’s 5-1 loss. The Padres grabbed a 3-0 lead in the first inning when San Diego’s Manny Machado followed shortstop Tyler Fitzgerald’s two-run throwing error with a home run off rookie right-hander Mason Black. Meanwhile, it was a familiar tale for the Giants lineup. Their hitters couldn’t scratch an early run against Padres right-hander Michael King.

“The first inning kind of set the tone for the game,” Melvin said.

Why has it been so difficult for the Giants to be tone setters this season? Melvin wishes he had a good answer. But the manager is quick to dispel one potentially convenient explanation. He says his hitters are as prepared as they could be for opposing starters. And that’s because his hitting coaches make certain of it.

“Our hitters’ meetings are as good as I’ve ever seen,” Melvin said prior to Friday’s game. “I couldn’t say enough about our game planning. I think the group of hitting instructors we have, the three of them, do a fantastic job. Each do different things. You have the experience of Pat Burrell, with what he’s accomplished in the big leagues and the mindset of what it takes to be successful. You have Justin Viele, who knows every number, every dynamic, every swing plane. He’s so well versed. Petey Guerrero complements them, and as a Spanish speaker, he’s been fantastic with our Latin guys.

“I know our numbers don’t look great, but it’s not for a lack of preparation and work from our hitting guys.”

The Giants are four games under .500 with a payroll that crossed into the luxury tax for the first time since 2017. There are usually repercussions when ownership fails to receive a sufficient return on such a prominent investment. Sometimes those changes are wholesale. Sometimes they are limited to a small sacrifice or two, such as a change on the coaching staff. Viele and Guerrero, whom Melvin inherited from former manager Gabe Kapler’s staff, would appear to be the most conventional choices to scapegoat.

But Melvin made it clear: Even if he didn’t hire Viele or Guerrero, he couldn’t be more impressed with their processes, effort and attention to detail.

“It’s nice to hear because Bob has supported us so much this year,” Viele said, “which has been great because it has been frustrating for everybody.”

Viele offered a few ideas about the lack of early scoring. Maybe some of the younger hitters like Bailey feel compelled to attack the first pitch because they are anxious at the prospect of taking a first-pitch strike and being behind in the count. Maybe some of the veteran hitters have such ingrained notions about their strengths within the strike zone — a great skill to possess, generally — that they are taking called third strikes when pitchers attack their cold zones. Either way, the innings tend to follow a similar script: three quick outs on 10 pitches or fewer, and an opposing starter who is able to settle into a groove.

Viele breaks down video and sends out texts hours after night games. When you spend every waking hour sifting for small clues and marginal advantages that you can use the next day, it’s not easy to pull back the lens and take a holistic view. But the lack of early scoring has probably cost him more sleep than any other issue with what otherwise has been a league-average offense.

“I think we have to revisit this philosophically going into the offseason and see if there are adjustments to be made,” Viele said. “Maybe we have to wait starters out a little more and grind them down. We have to do better with two strikes against starters. We have to stay in the strike zone. When you have a group of veteran guys who do that, they do that. It’s pretty easy to tell our group, ‘Hey, let’s wait this guy out.’ Whereas with a young guy, there’s a little more panic. Like, ‘If I take that first-pitch strike, man, I’ll be working uphill.’ That’s a mentality shift we have to create.

“But we also have to teach two-strike hitting better. The young guys have to get to a point where they can feel OK about hitting 0-1. I’ll put that on myself. I think we have to teach working at-bats and understanding how to grind pitchers down. Again, I’ll put that on myself.

“I definitely have to adjust to make this team and this offense a little more dynamic from the first inning on. Trust me, I live and die with every at-bat and I want the Giants to be the best. I will do whatever it takes with what I teach philosophically to make those adjustments so we can get where we need to be.”

The Giants tried to force some of that dynamism early in the season when Melvin put runners in motion. The efforts blew up in their faces. The Giants just ended up running into a slew of outs. Even with regular playing time for fast guys like Fitzgerald and Grant McCray, the Giants are tied with the Atlanta Braves for the fewest stolen bases (60). And, of course, Giants pitchers have allowed the most thefts in the majors (139).

The Giants’ other persistent offensive issue is their hitting with runners in scoring position. Their .230 average and .357 slugging percentage both rank 27th out of 30 teams. Compare that to the Diamondbacks (.285) and Padres (.276), who rank second and third, and you begin to understand how those two NL West rivals have created such a wide separation between themselves and the Giants this season.

The Diamondbacks offer an especially interesting contrast. They lead the major leagues with 270 runs in the first three innings. Their lineup is not studded with stars like Machado and Fernando Tatis Jr., or the Los Angeles Dodgers’ triumvirate of Shohei Ohtani, Mookie Betts and Freddie Freeman. In fact, Arizona’s best player, Corbin Carroll, had a miserable first half, and the Diamondbacks were without their top two run producers, Christian Walker and Ketel Marte, when their series in San Francisco began Tuesday. It doesn’t seem like they should be leading the NL in runs scored. But the Diamondbacks combine two lethal attributes that are difficult to dovetail: They are relentless at making pitchers throw strikes and yet they also aggressively feast on fastballs.

If the Giants are seeking to embrace philosophical shifts, they could do worse than attempt to copy what the Diamondbacks do so well.

Can those shifts occur with continuity on the coaching staff? Melvin’s support would indicate that he thinks it can. So does outfielder Mike Yastrzemski, who gave the hitting group high marks.

“They care more than anybody,” Yastrzemski said. “They give you all the information you could possibly need, and they do a really good job of keeping it away from certain guys who don’t like to get as much of it. In terms of preparation, there’s nothing that they could be doing better.”

Said Matt Chapman, who is one of Viele’s biggest advocates: “It’s not the hitting coaches. The hitting coaches are great.”

Viele also merits some credit for Heliot Ramos’ All-Star season. The two worked daily in Arizona in each of the last two offseasons to break down his swing and build it back up.

“I know his swing better than anybody, and now he’s starting to understand his swing better than I know it,” Viele said. “I just see him constantly improving. When I look at him now, it’s like, that’s just a big leaguer in the box. I don’t see him as a young kid like trying to find his way anymore.”

Unless it’s the first three innings. Then Ramos is just like everyone else in the Giants lineup: searching for a way to apply pressure instead of internalizing it.

“The more we talk about certain things and the more we try to do them, sometimes the harder they get,” Yastrzemski said. “Maybe the first time through the order, we just need to just pretend it’s the seventh inning and we’re already down three runs.”

(Top photo: David Frerker / Imagn Images)

Andrew Baggarly is a senior writer for The Athletic and covers the San Francisco Giants. He has covered Major League Baseball for more than two decades, including the Giants since 2004 for the Oakland Tribune, San Jose Mercury News and Comcast SportsNet Bay Area. He is the author of two books that document the most successful era in franchise history: “A Band of Misfits: Tales of the 2010 San Francisco Giants” and “Giant Splash: Bondsian Blasts, World Series Parades and Other Thrilling Moments By the Bay.” Follow Andrew on Twitter @extrabaggs

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5751537/2024/09/07/giants-hitting-coaches-early-innings/ 
 ----- 
