Login
Cricket Cranes seek redemption against Papua New Guinea

Jun 05, 2024

One of the positives for Uganda was Masaba’s own bowling performance and the fact that they have represented Uganda on the biggest stage
Skipper Brian Masaba was one of the few bright sports for Uganda against Afghanistan. (Courtesy Photo)

Faith Kiai
Journalist @New Vision
#ICC T20 World Cup
#Uganda v Papua New Guinea
#Captain Brian Masaba
128 views

No Comment

____________

ICC T20 World Cup: Uganda v Papua New Guinea (Thursday, 2:30 am)
Uganda’s 125-run loss to Afghanistan has not dampened the team’s spirits but rather has given the group impetus to push on after a rude awakening in the big leagues.

“First game at the World Cup, lots of nerves. It was good to get that out of the way. We will look to come and play better. Once the game starts there is not a lot of time to think and feel stuff. They got off to a pretty good start then it was all about fighting back,” explained captain Brian Masaba.

They were humbled by Afghanistan with both ball and bat but are already looking forward to their encounter with Papua New Guinea.

“Full credit to Afghanistan. They are one of the top bowling sides in the world, tough to get away. We did not bat at 100 per cent and we can do better than this. We will look to bounce back against PNG,” said Masaba.

One of the positives for Uganda was Masaba’s own bowling performance and the fact that they have represented Uganda on the biggest stage.

“It was a pretty special moment for us, hearing our national anthem and seeing our flag at the World Cup. Something I will cherish for the rest of my life,” stated Masaba.

Help us improve! We're always striving to create great content. Share your thoughts on this article and rate it below.

Comments

No Comment

More News
Bunyoro bishop condemns alcoholism ...

Bishop Ateirweho urged Christians to be determined to rebuke any pressures that lure them into celebrating these important moments by drinking alcohol in bars.

Bamasaba cultural leader drops PM in cabinet reshuffle ...

Walimbwa had served in the role for 16 months. His replacement, Mwambu, serves as a commissioner in the central government's agriculture ministry.

One shot dead as policeman confronts 'rowdy' group in Apac ...

Police constable Richard Pius Ikokole was named as the policeman who fired the shots, one of which took the life of 30-year-old Jesca Kabonesa. 

More News
Ivory Coast president says French forces to withdraw in January ...

Senegalese President Bassirou Diomaye Faye said on Tuesday that all foreign military presence in the country would end from 2025.

Exciting year ahead: Uganda's sports scene set for thrills in 2025 ...

The year kicks off with the 8th edition of the CHAN tournament, held in Uganda, Kenya, and Tanzania from February 1-28.

South Korea investigators vow to execute Yoon arrest warrant ...

Yoon has remained defiant and late Wednesday appeared to suggest he would refuse to hand himself over in a statement shared with supporters camped outside his residence in Seoul.

Related Stories

Key lessons from Afghanistan's performance at the T20 Cricket World Cup

Read More

Fielding masterclass sets up Uganda's maiden T20 World Cup win

Read More

T20 World Cup: Uganda to face West Indies on Sunday

Read More

Afghanistan rout debutants Uganda in T20 World Cup opener

Read More

T20 World Cup: Windies outclass Uganda in one-sided affair

Read More

Cricket Cranes suffer heavy defeat in T20 World Cup debut

Read More

 
All Rights Reserved © NewVision 2025
Premium
My Subscriptions
Archives
E-Papers
Privacy Policy
Legal Policy
Terms of Use
Contact us
+256 (0)414 337 000
+256 (0)312 337 000
news@newvision.co.ug
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newvision.co.ug/category/sports/cricket-cranes-seek-redemption-against-papua-NV_189488 
 ----- 
