Submit
Subscribe for just 27¢ a day
Log In
SPORTS
England and Pakistan to use T20 series to gauge World Cup readiness
By Stabroek News September 20, 2022
      

KARACHI, Pakistan, (Reuters) – England will kick off their first tour of Pakistan in 17 years today with the first of a seven-match Twenty20 series which assumes even more importance for both sides ahead of the World Cup in Australia next month.

England were initially scheduled to tour Pakistan last year but it did not materialise because of security concerns. Jos Buttler’s men were only given the green light to tour this year after a security team evaluated the situation on the ground.

England will play four matches in Karachi and three in Lahore before returning in December to play three tests in the second leg of the tour.

With Buttler set to miss the Karachi leg as he recovers from a knee injury, the side will be led by Moeen Ali, whose grandfather came to England from Pakistan after the second World War.

“It is going to be memorable playing in front of the Pakistani crowds and also an immense honour to deputize for Jos Buttler, while he recovers from injury, and captain England,” Moeen wrote in his column for the Daily Mail.

“Of course, this tour is important for cricket and it is also crucial for us as a side.

“Seven T20s will be a stern test in these conditions and a good pointer for where we are, ahead of the World Cup in Australia next month,” added the all-rounder.

England last toured Pakistan in 2005 but at least 10 members of the current squad have some experience of local conditions courtesy of their Pakistan Super League (PSL) stints.

One of them, Alex Hales, will be particularly keen to impress after his three-year absence from international cricket due to an off-field issue.

Pakistan, meanwhile, will look to shrug off the disappointment of losing to Sri Lanka in the Asia Cup final earlier this month.

Skipper Babar Azam’s slump in form, and their overall batting approach in 20-overs cricket, have been major talking points and Pakistan will look to iron out the kinks during the course of the series.

England begin their Twenty20 World Cup campaign against Afghanistan in Perth on Oct. 22, a day before Pakistan’s opener against arch-rivals India in Melbourne.

    
More in Sports
Sparta Boss triumphs in Kashif & Shanghai Futsal 5 h ago
GDF A wins Women’s Football Championship 5 h ago
Cycling Federation announces urgent extraordinary general meeting 5 h ago
Police tames Cougars to clinch third place 5 h ago
Harris returns to the UFC Octagon on January 11th 5 h ago
Rickelton’s marathon 259, Verreynne century thumps hapless Pakistan 5 h ago
Comments
Trending
Problems continue to mar pensioners $100,000 distribution
Shelf space renter charged with fraudulent conversion
Brazen attack on Chinese restaurant in Sophia leaves residents fearful
Gov’t developing new national housing policy – Croal
Dion Bascom did not issue apology to Azruddin Mohamed – counsel
Hot dog vendor seeks help after business destroyed by fire
Bamia Primary School to be handed over this month – Ferguson
Today's Paper

The ePaper edition, on the Web & in stores for Android, iPhone & iPad.

Try Now

Included free with your web subscription. Learn more.

Related Coverage
New Zealand to play tests in Karachi, Multan in first leg of Pakistan tour
October 11, 2022
WI to clash with Pakistan in Karachi in buildup to qualifiers
October 22, 2021
CWI pressing ahead with Pakistan white-ball series
November 6, 2021
Sign Up For The Morning Brief

A FREE roundup of top news from Guyana you might otherwise miss. Delivered every morning.

    
About Stabroek News Become a Subscriber Subscriber Help Newsletter Mobile Apps Archive Contact Us Place An Ad
© 1997 - 2025 Stabroek News 
46-47 Robb Street, Lacytown, Georgetown, Guyana.
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.stabroeknews.com/2022/09/20/sports/england-and-pakistan-to-use-t20-series-to-gauge-world-cup-readiness/ 
 ----- 
