Home » Full Members » India

IndiaIPL
September 2, 2022  5351
Top 10 Most ODI Centuries Outside India By An Indian Batsman
Written by Kevin Charles

Scoring a century outside the home nation is a significant achievement for any batsman. The Indian team has had a lot of quality batsmen across its ODI history. We will now look at the Indian batsmen who have scored the most ODI centuries outside India.

10. Suresh Raina

Suresh Raina was a middle-order batsman in the Indian ODI team and was an integral part of the setup. He had various noteworthy knocks throughout his career. His partnerships with MS Dhoni, mainly, have been talked about a lot. There have always been doubts about his abilities overseas, but he has scored many ODI centuries outside India. The most significant among them was the one he scored against Zimbabwe in the 2015 World Cup. He and Dhoni started building a partnership when India was at a tricky position of 92-4, chasing 288. Suresh Raina has scored five ODI centuries outside India.

9. Rahul Dravid

Rahul Dravid was a phenomenal ODI batsman during his time, despite the general perception that he was good only in tests. Regarding ODI centuries outside India, he scored two of them in the 1999 World Cup in England. His 145 against Sri Lanka in the tournament is a famous knock that was a part of a 318-run partnership with Sourav Ganguly. Rahul Dravid has scored six ODI centuries outside India.

8. Yuvraj Singh

Yuvraj Singh was a left-handed batsman from India. His stroke-filled batting with useful left- arm spin option ensured India had a balanced ODI side. He has scored a few ODI centuries outside India. Yuvraj Singh has scored seven ODI centuries outside India.

7. Gautam Gambhir

Gautam Gambhir was a left-handed, top-order batsman. His exploits were usually overshadowed by the strong batting line-up of India. However, he was known to rise to the occasion during vital moments. He was a consistent performer overseas. Gautam Gambhir has scored seven ODI centuries outside India.

6. Virender Sehwag

Virender Sehwag was an opening batsman known for his explosive batting. His batting style was highly impactful but had fewer possibilities of long scores. Despite that, he made many centuries, with quite a few coming outside India. His 175 in the tournament opener against Bangladesh in the 2011 World Cup remains his highest ODI score outside India. Virender Sehwag has scored ten ODI centuries outside India.

5. Shikhar Dhawan

Shikhar Dhawan has been one of the best ODI openers across the world in recent times. He is a vital component in the Indian batting line-up. He is known to rise to the occasion, especially in ICC ODI tournaments. Shikhar Dhawan has scored 12 ODI centuries outside India.

4. Rohit Sharma

Rohit Sharma is possibly a part of the all-time ODI XI for India. He has shattered innumerable records in ODI throughout his career. Sharma has a knack for scoring big. His ODI centuries outside India include the five centuries he scored in a single World Cup edition during 2019 and a few vast knocks against Australia. Rohit Sharma has scored 18 ODI centuries outside India.

3. Sourav Ganguly

Sourav Ganguly was the former captain of the Indian team. He led the team to the 2003 World Cup final. Ganguly performed well in matches outside India. He scored a century in the knockouts during the 2003 World Cup in South Africa. His top score of 183 was also outside India when he scored against Sri Lanka in the 1999 World Cup in England. Sourav Ganguly has scored 18 ODI centuries outside India.

2. Virat Kohli

Virat Kohli has been an extraordinary batsman for India across all three formats. He has been the candidate in top contention for breaking Sachin’s tally of 100 international centuries. Some of his significant centuries outside India are his 183 against Pakistan, 133 against Sri Lanka, and so on. Virat Kohli has scored 24 ODI centuries outside India.

1. Sachin Tendulkar

Sachin Tendulkar is one of the greatest ODI batsmen of all time. He has amassed a lot of runs and centuries in every possible way. Out of the 49 ODI centuries Tendulkar scored, more than half were outside India. He has scored ODI centuries in almost every country he played. Sachin Tendulkar has scored 29 ODI centuries outside India.

 Gautam Gambhir, Rahul Dravid, Rohit Sharma, Sachin Tendulkar, Shikhar Dhawan, Sourav Ganguly, Suresh Raina, Virat Kohli, Virender Sehwag, Yuvraj Singh
Share Article:  
Copy to ClipBoard
You might also like
Matching Winning Catches In World T20 World Cup
October 22, 2024
Best Catches In The Slip Position On The Field
October 5, 2024
Best Bowling Records By Batsmen
September 25, 2024
Other stories
Top 10 Highest Bids On Indian Cricketers In IPL
September 3, 2022
Next Story
Top 10’s Women With The Best Strike Rate In Ireland Cricket
September 2, 2022
Previous Story
Follow Us!
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Youtube

© Copyright 2025 by Crictv4u. All Rights Reserved.

Back to top 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://crictv4u.com/full-members/india/top-10-most-odi-centuries-outside-india-by-an-indian-batsman/ 
 ----- 
