Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Verlander gets 1st win since May as Astros beat Angels 5-3
1 of 8 |  

Houston Astros starting pitcher Justin Verlander throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels in Anaheim, Calif., Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

2 of 8 |  

Houston Astros designated hitter Yordan Alvarez runs the bases after hitting a home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels in Anaheim, Calif., Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. Jose Altuve also scored. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

3 of 8 |  

Los Angeles Angels starting pitcher Tyler Anderson throws during the second inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros in Anaheim, Calif., Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

4 of 8 |  

Houston Astros’ Jose Altuve singles on a bunt during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels in Anaheim, Calif., Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

5 of 8 |  

Houston Astros’ Jose Altuve (27) scores off of a wild pitch from Los Angeles Angels starting pitcher Tyler Anderson during the first inning of a baseball game in Anaheim, Calif., Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

6 of 8 |  

Los Angeles Angels’ Taylor Ward (3) celebrates in the dugout after scoring off of a single hit by Nolan Schanuel during the first inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros in Anaheim, Calif., Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

7 of 8 |  

Houston Astros designated hitter Yordan Alvarez runs the bases after hitting a home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels in Anaheim, Calif., Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. Jose Altuve also scored. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

8 of 8 |  

Houston Astros designated hitter Yordan Alvarez celebrates in the dugout after hitting a home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels in Anaheim, Calif., Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. Jose Altuve also scored. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

Read More
BY  DOUG PADILLA
Updated 5:33 AM UTC, September 15, 2024
Share

ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) — Justin Verlander picked up his first win since returning from a neck injury and Yordan Alvarez hit a go-ahead home run in the fifth inning as the Houston Astros defeated the Los Angeles Angels 5-3 on Saturday night.

Kyle Tucker added a pinch-hit homer, Jose Altuve had two hits and two runs scored, and the Astros won their third straight to remain 4 1/2 games ahead of second-place Seattle in the AL West.

Tucker’s home run was his first in seven games since returning from a shin fracture. He has yet to play the outfield in consecutive games since coming back Sept. 6.

“To have a guy like that on the bench, you’d rather have him on the field, but when you have him on the bench, you can’t wait to throw him out there,” Astros manager Joe Espada said.

Verlander (4-6) gave up two runs and four hits over five innings after he was 0-4 with a 9.69 ERA in four starts since returning Aug. 21 following a 2 1/2-month absence due to neck stiffness. He had two walks and two strikeouts while earning his first win since May 24 against Oakland.

Ryan Pressly pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for his fourth save.

RELATED STORIES
Cubs trade for Astros All-Star outfielder Kyle Tucker
Justin Verlander and the Giants agree to a $15 million, 1-year contract, AP source says
Kyle Tucker says he is open to long-term deal with Cubs after trade from Astros

Despite the win, the 41-year-old Verlander is still looking for more from his outings as October approaches.

“It’s start to start at this point, trying to play catchup,” the three-time Cy Young Award winner said. “Unfortunately, before I got hurt, I got on a little bit of a good run there, kind of found my mechanics and then the neck injury, and I kind of lost it. Obviously, I lost a lot of time. I’m trying as quickly as I can to get back to that version where I’m tougher to hit than I am right now.”

Los Angeles starter Tyler Anderson (10-13) gave up four runs and seven hits over five innings. Eric Wagaman delivered the first hit and RBI of his career in his fifth game for the Angels on a double in the fourth.

“That’s awesome; now he can relax a little bit,” manager Ron Washington said.

Wagaman began his major league career 0 for 9 with two strikeouts.

Altuve got the Astros going by leading off the game with a bunt single and stealing second base. He went to third on a groundout and scored on Anderson’s wild pitch.

Verlander walked his first two batters before Nolan Schanuel gave the Angels their first run on an RBI single.

Houston’s defense picked up Verlander from there, starting with a diving catch in center field from Jake Meyers. That began a run in which Verlander retired nine of the next 10 Angels batters.

Astros right fielder Ben Gamel slammed into the short wall in right field in the fourth to take away a potential RBI from Mickey Moniak, although Wagaman followed with his RBI double for a 2-1 Angels lead.

“There’s been some starts now when the ball hasn’t gone my way, so it was nice to have some of those (defensive plays),” Verlander said. “It felt great.”

Verlander is lined up for at least two more starts before the regular season ends and the Astros put together potential roles for the postseason.

“We’ll evaluate this one over the next few days and just continually try to add brick by brick in the right direction,” Verlander said. “Continue to try to improve.”

The Astros moved in front in the fifth when Alvarez followed a leadoff single from Altuve with a home run to right field, his 34th. With two outs, Jeremy Peña singled, stole second and scored on Victor Caratini’s single.

The Angels nearly tied it in the eighth but Schanuel was thrown out at home plate by Meyers while trying to score from second base on Logan O’Hoppe’s RBI single that cut Los Angeles’ deficit to 4-3.

Tucker connected for his 20th homer in the ninth, his first since June 1 before a long injury layoff.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Astros: Meyers appeared to injure his left leg while tracking down a flyball on the warning track from Wagaman in the ninth, but remained in the game after a visit from the athletic training staff. ... OF Chas McCormick is optimistic he can return from a broken right hand before the regular season ends Sept. 29.

Angels: RHP Carson Fulmer (elbow inflammation) is optimistic he can return to a bullpen role by Tuesday after spending the past two weeks on the injured list. ... Angels infielders Michael Stefanic (calf) and Brandon Drury (hamstring) were out of the lineup.

UP NEXT

Astros: RHP Ronel Blanco (10-6, 2.99 ERA) has not given up more than two earned runs in any of his last three road starts.

Angels: RHP Caden Dana (1-1, 9.00) lasted just one inning in his second career start last Sunday against the Rangers.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
Online Calculator for Car...
Cars Value
:
Advertisement
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't delay motherhood for higher...
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of patient left in scalding hot bath tub
U.S. citizen denied entry into Poland after security staff...
A U.S. citizen has been barred from entering Poland because her passport wa...
AP News
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Former first lady Michelle Obama didn't attend the state funeral for former Presi...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
This strategy games makes you become a player in the crucial situations of history.
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
3 Simple Steps to Use Cinnamon for Lower Blood Sugar
Longevity Portal
Advertisement:
These Seniors Over 65 Learned How To Save Massive On Life Insu...
Senior Life Insurance
Advertisement:
Minnesota judge orders Mike Lindell's MyPillow to pay nearl...
A Minnesota judge has ordered MyPillow to pay nearly $778,000 for unpaid bills an...
AP News
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2 girls
Authorities in Wisconsin say they have captured a man who is charged in the...
AP News
This Handmade Cardin al Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
FANYIL
Advertisement:
Shop Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
St. Louis prosecutor spent weeks away from office while i...
A state audit of St. Louis’ former prosecut or found that she spent the equivalent of...
AP News
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Pubyfun
Advertisement:
Learn More
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
Glosrity:Advertisement
Learn More
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simulates alternative...
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/astros-angels-score-verlander-7168b869d2a6ea62e478fdbe110be90c 
 ----- 
