Skip to content
Subscribe Now
17°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Today's Paper

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Business
Best Reviews
Crime & Public Safety
Education
Government & Politics
Health
National News
Environment
Local
St. Paul
Ramsey County
Anoka County
Washington County
Dakota County
Minnesota
Wisconsin
Sports
Sports
Minnesota Vikings
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Wild
Minnesota Timberwolves
Minnesota Frost
Minnesota Lynx
Minnesota United FC
College Sports
Gophers Football
St. Paul Saints
Gophers Men’s Basketball
High School Sports
Outdoors
Food
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Restaurant news
Restaurant reviews
Restaurant lists
Recipes
Takeout
Things to Do
Things to Do
Books
Movies & TV
Arts
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
Treasure Hunt
Winter Carnival
State Fair
Home & Garden
Events
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Opinion Columnists
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBMINNESOTA TWINS
Twins welcome back key bullpen member Brock Stewart
Minnesota Twins relief pitcher Brock Stewart against the Tampa Bay Rays during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 7, 2023, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)
By BETSY HELFAND | bhelfand@pioneerpress.com | St. Paul Pioneer Press
PUBLISHED: September 26, 2023 at 6:54 PM CDT

The Twins made just one move ahead of the trade deadline in August, swapping a pair of relievers — Jorge López for Dylan Floro — but otherwise standing pat. They opted instead to make over their bullpen internally.

First, they shifted starter Louie Varland to the bullpen, where his stuff has ticked up and he has posted a 1.74 earned-run average in six relief appearances entering Tuesday. Then they did the same with Chris Paddack, moving him to the bullpen for the remainder of this season as well. Paddack, who had Tommy John surgery last May, returned on Sunday.

Tuesday, their makeover was finally complete when the Twins welcomed back Brock Stewart, who had been on the injured list since late June. To make space, they designated Floro for assignment.

“It kind of sucks not to contribute in any way for the past two and a half months but … to be back now, especially at the right time, six more games before the playoffs, I’m thrilled,” Stewart said. “I feel good, so just going to go out there and do what I can to help the team and focus on each pitch, filling up the strike zone and let the rest take care of itself.”

Stewart was dealing with a minor pronator strain and said the median nerve under his pronator was getting trapped. Initially, he said, they didn’t know what was going on. He took six days off from throwing, though the discomfort lingered for “quite some time,” setting his timetable back much further than he had first anticipated.

While the Twins were at one point hoping to get him back after the all-star break, his return kept shifting. Now, he’s finally healthy, throwing three scoreless innings with the Saints on rehab as proof.

Now back, Stewart, who had a 0.70 earned-run average in 25 2/3 innings this season, could play an important role in the Twins’ bullpen once again.

“(I) definitely was anxious to get back. This is the most fun I’ve had,” he said. “So to be back now, I’m thrilled. What’s done is done and I try to look forward with each pitch, with each day, so glad I’m where I’m at right now.”

Twins shift rehab

The Twins had a number of players rehabbing at with Triple-A St. Paul over the course of the last week. With the Saints’ season now over, their work has moved to Target Field where they will continue to work towards their returns, though not in game action.

“We can simulate some things out on the field for these guys,” manager Rocco Baldelli said.

That group includes Byron Buxton, Nick Gordon, Joey Gallo and reliever Jorge Alcala.

Another group of players will work out at Target Field for a few days, Baldelli said, and then fly to Fort Myers, Fla. That group will consist of minor league players that will need to stay at the ready and be prepared in case injuries crop up during the postseason. Baldelli said Saints manager Toby Gardenhire would be going down to Florida with them.

“If you make a run in the playoffs, you’re going to need some guys,” Baldelli said. “Things are going to happen. You’re going to have to make some moves. There will be injuries. Having these guys lined up will be good.”

Briefly

Baldelli said he thought there was a chance Carlos Correa (plantar fasciitis) could get back on the field this weekend in Colorado when eligible to return from the injured list. He said the shortstop was “improving,” and “doing good.” … Royce Lewis, on the injured list with a hamstring strain, is swinging the bat already. The third baseman’s status for the postseason is in question but Baldelli said he’s also shown improvement. … Floro had a 5.29 ERA in 17 innings pitched with the Twins. López, whom the Twins traded for him, has already been designated for assignment by the Miami Marlins and is now back in Baltimore. The Twins acquired him from the Orioles at the last trade deadline.

Minnesota Twins Report: Breaking news, weekly updates, and insights about the Minnesota Twins.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Pioneer Press.

Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Joe Soucheray: Refuse to face foundational truths? Watch your city burn. Or your downtown empty out.
Supreme Court seems likely to uphold a federal law that could force TikTok to shut down on Jan. 19
The complete list of national parks that require reservations in 2025
Participate or keep it quiet? Recent sing-alongs tap into larger discussion on moviegoing etiquette
Column: In the blur of awards season, let those strange and unfamiliar movie titles be an invitation
America’s 250th birthday prompts rethinking of historical markers
Blaine woman sentenced for sexually assaulting youth hockey players at Roseville hotel
Trump can still vote after sentencing, but can’t own a gun and will have to turn over DNA sample
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MINNESOTA TWINS
Twins add former top catching prospect Diego Cartaya in swap of minor leaguers
Twins acquire utility man Mickey Gasper from Boston for Jovani Moran
Shohei Ohtani wins 3rd AP Male Athlete of the Year award, tying Michael Jordan for 1 shy of record
Rickey Henderson, baseball’s flamboyant ‘Man of Steal,’ dies at 65
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Max Kepler reportedly reaches deal with Phillies, ending long tenure with Twins
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Twins choose minor league pitcher in Rule 5 draft
2023
September
26
SUBSCRIBE
Today’s Paper
Obituaries
Comics
Puzzles
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Newsroom Contacts
Pioneer Press Store
Photo reprints
Manage my account
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
HOME
News
Sports
Opinion
Things to Do
MARKETPLACE
Autos
Homes
Jobs
Work With Us
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Special Advertising Sections
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.twincities.com/2023/09/26/twins-welcome-back-key-bullpen-member-brock-stewart/ 
 ----- 
