Skip to content
Subscribe Now
48°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Newsom says budget is balanced, will still tap $7 billion in reserves
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICSNews
Oakland A’s lose franchise-record 109th game of season, but Esteury Ruiz’s pursuit of stolen base mark on the horizon
Oakland outfielder is one stolen base away from matching Kenny Lofton’s A.L. rookie record of 66
Oakland Athletics starting pitcher Paul Blackburn walks back to the dugout after completing the bottom of the first inning of the team’s baseball game against the Minnesota Twins, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Abbie Parr)
By LAURENCE MIEDEMA | lsmiedema@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group
UPDATED: September 27, 2023 at 4:29 AM PDT

MINNEAPOLIS — The A’s set an Oakland franchise record on Tuesday night by losing their 109th game of the season, but with five games remaining there’s still one record chase that can help the team head into the winter on a positive note.

Outfielder Esteury Ruiz is on the brink of tying Kenny Lofton’s American League single-season record for stolen bases by a rookie.

Ruiz remained at 65 stolen bases after grounding into a double play, striking out and fouling out in the A’s 11-3 loss to the Twins on a rainy night at Target Field.

The entire A’s offense had a rough night against Twins starter Bailey Ober and three relievers. Former Twin Brent Rooker and Nick Allen had two hits each for the A’s, who were held to eight hits and struck out 15 times. Every A’s starter except Allen struck out as the A’s fell to 22-54 on the road and 48-109 overall. They entered the game tied with the 1979 team for the most losses in a season since the franchise moved to Oakland 55 seasons ago.

Oakland has five games remaining – two more against the Twins and then a three-game series in Anaheim — to conclude the season, which should provide Ruiz enough opportunities to catch Lofton.

Ruiz, 24, led the minor leagues with 85 stolen bases last season between Double-A and Triple-A,  and raced to the brink of the record books with two steals on Sunday against the Detroit Tigers in the A’s final home game of the regular season.

Oakland Athletics’ Esteury Ruiz runs the bases after hitting a solo home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Texas Rangers in Arlington, Texas, Friday, Sept. 8, 2023. (AP Photo/LM Otero) 

He was acquired over the winter from the Milwaukee Brewers as part of the three-team, nine-player deal that sent catcher Sean Murphy to the Atlanta Braves.

Ruiz was the starting center fielder on opening night and despite reaching base in each of his first six games with the A’s, didn’t have his first stolen base attempt until Game 7, but once he got going, only a mid-season shoulder injury could slow him down. Ruiz was successful on his first 11 attempts of the season and has only been thrown out 12 times this season.

Ruiz will win the A.L. stolen base crown easily – Kansas City’s Bobby Witt Jr. is a distance second with 48 – and has a chance to catch Atlanta Braves star Ronald Acuna Jr. for the major league lead. Acuna has stolen 68 bases and could get some rest in the final days of the regular season as the N.L. East-leading Braves prepare for the playoffs.

Ruiz, who has a slash line of .256/.309/.350 with five home runs and 24 doubles, has been a steady threat to run all season. He’s swiped at least 10 bases in every month except July, when he played in just four games (but stole two bases) because of a right shoulder subluxation that landed him on the IL.

Lofton stole 66 bases in 1992 with Cleveland in 148 games. Ruiz has played in 126 games this season.

Former A’s star Rickey Henderson, who set the MLB single-season record with 130 in 1982, is the last Oakland player to reach 66 steals in a season, reaching the mark in 1998 at the age of 39.

Mitchell Page had held the A’s rookie record with 42 stolen bases in 1977, but Ruiz surpassed that mark in early July.

— The A’s have lost 100 games in consecutive seasons for the first time in Oakland history. They went 60-102 last season.

Before last season, 1979 had been the franchise’s only 100-loss season since it moved from Kansas City.

—  The Twins capitalized on A’s starter Paul Blackburn’s wildness to put the game away with a five-run first inning. Blackburn (4-7) went three innings, but barely got out of the first after strikeout out the first two batters he faced. After Donovan Solano singled, Blackburn walked the next three batters — forcing in the first run of the game — and then gave up a grand slam to Twins rookie outfielder Matt Wallner.

Originally Published: September 26, 2023 at 7:39 PM PDT
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
San Jose Chamber of Commerce kicking off new year with sports-themed event
1 in 10 Los Angeles homes don’t have insurance, says one estimate
Opinion: California plays a central role in monarch butterfly’s survival
Prep roundup: Dublin wins league opener over Livermore, St. Ignatius girls edge out Valley Christian
Why is California’s wind blowing so hard in January?
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
Mel Gibson’s Malibu home burned as he ripped Gavin Newsom on Joe Rogan’s show
Asking Eric: I’m always in second place to whomever he’s dating
Silicon Valley Congressman Khanna torches Democrats for alleged bumbling that will ‘hurt the young folks’
Macy’s, Kohl’s prep Bay Area store closures as retail chains struggle

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
Oakland A’s teammates, sports luminaries mourn Rickey Henderson
From the archives: How Oakland A’s legend Rickey Henderson was molded by ‘Billy Ball’
2023
September
26
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

﻿SAVE NOW
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/09/26/oakland-as-lose-franchise-record-109th-game-of-season-but-esteury-ruizs-pursuit-of-stolen-base-mark-on-the-horizon/ 
 ----- 
