EPL

Transfer News
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Inside Olmo’s Barca Drama
The Return of Ryan Giggs
Why Premier League Clubs Don't Spend Big in January
Live Transfer Updates
Andy Kellett and the story of a very curious Manchester United transfer
Daniel Taylor
Sep 26, 2023

68

“It was just this feeling inside me. I wasn’t a Manchester United fan but, as soon as I pulled on the shirt, I felt unstoppable. I had never had that feeling before: ‘You’re never going to beat me, every time I get the ball I’m going past you’. All just from wearing the kit.”

The man sitting here today is wearing the blue and white strip of Bury, who play in the North West Counties League Premier Division, the ninth tier of English football.

He is semi-professional these days and, approaching his 30th birthday, he realised a while ago that he needed to combine football with finding other ways to earn a living. First, as a roofer, then, for the past 18 months, as a job controller for BT Enterprise, getting up five days a week for an 8am start in their Manchester office.

Yet the memories burn brightly for Andy Kellett when he recalls the time Manchester United, on Louis van Gaal’s watch, made him one of the more unexpected signings of their modern history in February 2015.

“I remember my first day,” he says, and now he is laughing. “I was surrounded by all these unbelievably brilliant players. I was new and Angel Di Maria introduced himself by nutmegging me. All the lads were laughing. I was, too. I was glad he did it because it broke the ice. After that, I never felt out of place there.”

	Andy Kellett playing for Manchester United Under-21s against Tottenham (Matthew Peters/Man Utd via Getty Images)

Kellett, a left-sided full-back or wing-back, was a 21-year-old academy product from Bolton Wanderers, playing on loan for Plymouth Argyle in League Two, when the news came through that the 20-time champions of England – linked heavily to Mats Hummels, Kevin Strootman and Marquinhos, among others, in the winter transfer window of 2015 – wanted to sign him on loan.

Neil Lennon, then the Bolton manager, tells the story that Kellett had to be assured it was not a cruel wind-up. Another story went around that the player’s father had to sit down because his legs started to feel so wobbly. Both stories are, Kellett reports, an exaggeration, but he will never forget the scene at Euxton, then Bolton’s training ground, on that transfer deadline day when he was asked to report to the manager’s office.

“I remember on the way in my agent ringing me saying, ‘Whatever you do, don’t sign anything yet, there’s something going on’. I thought it was a bit strange. I went in to see Neil and he just came out with it: ‘How would you feel about going to Manchester United?’.

“I’d driven in with my best mate, a United fan, and he was invited into the meeting. He was buzzing even more than me.

“I was taken aback because I knew that going from League Two to Manchester United was a hell of a jump, but I didn’t see it as a joke because I was playing really well at the time. I knew it was an opportunity I couldn’t turn down.”

The trajectory of Kellett’s career is certainly unorthodox: Bolton Wanderers, Plymouth Argyle, Manchester United, Wigan Athletic, Chesterfield, Notts County, Fylde, Alfreton Town, Guiseley and now Bury, who are back on an upward trajectory after the trauma of their expulsion from the English Football League in 2019.

Kellett can remember the night Jim White, presenting the deadline day special on Sky Sports, announced his move to Old Trafford to a live television audience.

“There were people thinking they must have got it mistaken and that it was Sheffield United, not Manchester United. My phone was going mad. There were a lot of messages wishing me well, but also a lot of my mates asking, ‘Where has that come from? How have you kept that secret?’. I was like, ‘Honestly, I knew as much as you’.”

His first game at Old Trafford was for United’s under-23s against Tottenham Hotspur. Radamel Falcao was playing as one of United’s over-age players. Victor Valdes, a three-time Champions League winner with Barcelona, was the goalkeeper.

“In another (under-23s) game, we had Falcao and Robin van Persie up front,” says Kellett. “I was playing with Jonny Evans, the Da Silva twins (Rafael and Fabio) and young lads, stars of the time, such as Adnan Januzaj and Andreas Pereira. It was completely different to everything I had ever known.”

	Andy Kellett (third right) with Manchester United U21s, with (far left) Robin van Persie (Matthew Peters/Man Utd via Getty Images)

A lot of players in Kellett’s position might have found it slightly overwhelming. Some might have shrivelled under the pressure. Kellett, though, held his own on the training ground.

He did not speak too often with Van Gaal – “a character” – during a season in which Kellett helped United win the under-23s’ Premier League. But he knew Warren Joyce, the under-23s’ manager, wanted to keep him on. Joyce had been instrumental in getting him to Old Trafford in the first place, with United’s Saidy Janko moving to Bolton on loan at the same time.

One problem: Kellett had been in Bolton’s junior system since the age of eight and that meant there were financial considerations if United wanted to sign him properly.

“They would have had to pay 13 years of compensation,” says Kellett. “I don’t know how much it would have been, but we used to have a laugh about it on the coach. Januzaj, Pereira and some of the other lads wanted me to stay on. ‘We’ll pay it’, they used to shout down. That gave me confidence, too, because I knew they liked me.”

Instead, Kellett returned to Bolton without making a first-team appearance for United and was promptly sold to Wigan Athletic in League One.

Kellett eventually dropped down another division to Chesterfield. He was part of Notts County’s squad when they were relegated from the English Football League for the first time in their history in 2019 and, since then, he has been playing football at non-League level, culminating in him looking at other occupations outside the sport. It has been, he says, a “massive culture change” commuting to Manchester city centre and adjusting to office life.

	Andy Kellett joined Wigan after leaving Bolton (Nathan Stirk/Getty Images)

He is talking at Salford Sports Village, where the modern-day Bury train in the evenings and Kellett — described by Lennon as “no bother, low maintenance and very level-headed” — is a popular member of the dressing room. It is difficult, indeed, to keep count of how many times this interview is briefly interrupted by smiling team-mates coming over to greet him.

This is Bury’s first season since the club, financially shipwrecked under a previous regime, were pieced back together and returned to their former stadium.

“In the first game, when we got 5,500 fans at Gigg Lane, it was brilliant,” says Kellett. “There’s history here. Even though it is lower than everywhere I played before, you will never get another story with this magnitude at this level.”

But there are glimpses of regret, too.

His career post-United has been hampered by an assortment of injuries, including a knee problem that stopped him working as a roofer while he was with Guiseley.

Kellett has had to get used to the idea that “unless something miraculous happens”, his time in professional football is up.

“It can be hard because when I look back at the start of my career, having that time at Manchester United, winning young player of the year at Plymouth and helping Wigan win promotion, that was all before I had turned 23. For the last five or six years, I’ve just felt like I’m falling and falling and falling.”

He wonders sometimes whether it might have been better for his career if he had stayed at Plymouth, under John Sheridan’s management, in a season when they reached the League Two play-off final and he was a fans’ favourite.

Plus, he will always look back on his time at Old Trafford and wonder what might have been if those whirlwind few months — described by the Manchester Evening News as “one of the most bizarre United transfers in recent memory” — had led to anything more substantial.

“The season after I left, Luke Shaw got injured. Marcos Rojo was also out and suddenly there was a first-team spot available. So he (Van Gaal) brought this young lad (Cameron Borthwick-Jackson) out of the under-18s. I do look back sometimes and wonder whether it might have been me getting that opportunity.”

He is currently troubled by an Achilles injury that meant he missed Bury’s 4-1 win over Colne on Saturday.

GO DEEPER

'The supporters have changed the mindset of the club and town - it's on us now'

As for United, there is only Shaw, and the returning Jonny Evans, who remain at the club from the days when the boy from Bolton rubbed shoulders with a collection of big-money signings, serial champions and, in some cases, international superstars.

“The only thing I would change is that I wish I had put myself out there a bit more,” says Kellett. “I wish I’d had a bit more bottle to speak to the manager or ask the first-team players about their experiences.

“That’s the only thing I would change because, football-wise, I gave everything. I trained 100 per cent every day, I looked after myself and, every time I put on that shirt, I know I played really well.”

(Top photo: The Athletic)

Daniel Taylor is a senior writer for The Athletic and a four-time Football Journalist of the Year, as well as being named Sports Feature Writer of the Year in 2022. He was previously the chief football writer for The Guardian and The Observer and spent nearly 20 years working for the two titles. Daniel has written five books on the sport. Follow Daniel on Twitter @DTathletic

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4868545/2023/09/26/andy-kellett-manchester-united-transfer-interview/ 
 ----- 
