Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Marlins' rotation dealt another blow, but reinforcements getting nearer
Share
Marlins' rotation dealt another blow, but reinforcements getting nearer
September 7th, 2024

Christina De Nicola

@cdenicola13
Share
;

10 SECONDS REMAINING

MIAMI -- It was around 5:30 p.m. ET -- or 100 minutes before pitch -- on Friday night when Marlins right-hander Edward Cabrera called a trainer to say he was on the way to the hospital with migraine-like symptoms.

Hours later, following the club’s 16-2 loss to the Phillies at loanDepot park, Marlins manager Skip Schumaker said Cabrera was out of the hospital and that everything had checked out.

The expectation is Cabrera will come to the park on Saturday and go through his throwing program. If all looks good, he could start Sunday’s series finale. Righty Max Meyer is currently scheduled to toe the rubber.

“I don't know until he's here,” Schumaker said of Cabrera. “We had a trainer that was with him the whole time, once we found out that he was there [at the hospital]. And after hearing all the tests and everything checked out, we feel better that he's obviously out of the hospital. We never want to hear anybody's in the hospital. So tomorrow we'll see how he is. And if he's OK, then maybe Sunday he can go.”

The 26-year-old Cabrera was coming off a strong August in which he posted a 3.58 ERA in six starts, pitching into the sixth inning in four of them and showing more consistency than he has in recent memory. In his place on Friday, Schumaker was forced to go with a bullpen game on the fourth day of a stretch of 13 straight games.

Left-hander Austin Kitchen was tasked with opening against the National League’s fourth highest scoring lineup in just his fourth MLB outing. Kitchen surrendered seven runs (six earned) over two innings. Five other pitchers would follow, including position player David Hensley. Together, they allowed 16 runs (the Marlins’ second most this season) and 22 hits (a season high). Due to the bullpen usage, Miami will need to call up fresh arms with right-hander Darren McCaughan getting Saturday’s start.

“Honestly, it was whoever could throw tonight,” Schumaker said. “That's who was available, the most pitches available was going to pitch tonight, no matter what. Kitchen had the start because he had the most pitches. He had a lot of balls in the ground. He threw strikes, a lot of balls in the ground, and did his job. [The balls] just got through.

Related
Miami comes to terms with all 5 of its arb-eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Edwards 'so fortunate' to share game he loves with youth

January 9th, 2025

Marlins lose Garrett for 2025 after left elbow surgery

January 9th, 2025

Cabrera's confidence on the rise as '24 campaign closes

September 26th, 2024

Cabrera overcomes 2 errors, strikes out 9: 'He should be proud'

September 14th, 2024

Cabrera still searching for consistency amid 'peaks and valleys'

August 15th, 2024

“[Anthony] Veneziano did great [with two scoreless innings afterwards]. I thought he did outstanding, honestly. He looked really good. 95, 96 [mph] at the top with good secondary. I thought he was fantastic. Everyone else had a little bit of trouble getting outs, honestly. So it was a tough day after that.”

But it wasn’t all bad news on the pitching front.

Left-handers Ryan Weathers and Braxton Garrett began rehab assignments with Single-A Jupiter this week, tossing three scoreless innings apiece. Weathers will throw four innings or 60 pitches on Sunday for Triple-A Jacksonville. All reports have been promising.

"It's trending like potentially -- I don't want to put anything in pen -- but that [Garrett] and Weathers, you could see them before the end of the season," Schumaker said pregame.

Since the beginning of the season, the Marlins have had to go with a makeshift rotation, a large reason why the 2024 campaign has played out the way it has.

Sandy Alcantara and Eury Pérez never threw a pitch. Jesús Luzardo, who is done for the season due to a lumbar stress reaction, made just 12 starts. Weathers and Garrett have combined for 20 starts. Cabrera has missed time twice with a right shoulder impingement. Miami dealt Trevor Rogers to Baltimore for No. 3 prospect Connor Norby and Kyle Stowers, both of whom were in Friday’s lineup at third base and left field, respectively.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Weathers, 24, was one of the early-season surprises, compiling a 3.16 ERA through his first 11 starts. Neither he nor the club anticipated he would miss this much time, landing on the 60-day injured list for a fluke injury. Weathers, who last pitched for the Marlins on June 7, has been sidelined due to a left index finger strain sustained during his May 20 start against the Brewers when he tried to barehand catcher Nick Fortes’ throw while covering home on Christian Yelich’s steal.

Garrett, meanwhile, has dealt with injuries from the get-go. He showed up to Spring Training with general shoulder soreness and began the season on the IL with a left shoulder impingement.

The 27-year-old then experienced “dead arm” during an in-between-start bullpen while on rehab assignment in mid-April, which delayed his debut until May 8. He was later scratched ahead of his scheduled start on June 23 after experiencing discomfort during a bullpen session. He has been out with a left forearm flexor strain ever since.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Miami Marlins
Edward Cabrera

Christina De Nicola covers the Marlins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

Sizing up free-agent market as new year begins

January 1st, 2025

The top 10 bloopers of 2024, ranked

December 30th, 2024

Every team's largest contracts by total value

December 28th, 2024

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/edward-cabrera-scratched-from-start-before-marlins-lose-to-phillies 
 ----- 
