Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
STAR COLUMNISTS
Opinion | The Korean Peninsula trash battle could have chilling consequences
Updated June 11, 2024 at 7:31 p.m.
June 11, 2024
3 min read
Save

This photo provided by South Korea’s Joint Chiefs of Staff and released by South Korea Defense Ministry, shows a balloon presumably sent by North Korea, on the Han River in Seoul, South Korea, Sunday, June 9, 2024. 

South Korea Joint Chiefs of Staff via AP
By Rosie DiMannoStar Columnist

Rosie DiManno is a Toronto-based columnist covering sports and current affairs for the Star. Follow her on Twitter: @rdimanno.

Stinky North Korean bouquets floated over the Demilitarized Zone Monday. Balloons carrying manure, cigarette butts, plastic bits, scraps of rags, waste batteries, vinyl and used toilet paper.

Although the counteroffensive is arguably just as foul: South Korea blasting ear-splitting K-pop from loudspeakers. Gangnam Style PSY ops.

Hundreds of the trash-laden inflatables drifted into South Korea from North Korea over the past few days, adding to the more than a thousand non-FTD deliveries that have descended from the skies over the world’s most heavily armed border since late May, one of them landing on the roof of the Japanese embassy in Seoul.

After North Korea flew more than a thousand balloons to drop trash on South Korea for weeks, South Korea retaliated by broadcasting anti-North Korean propaganda over its loudspeakers at the border the first time in years. (AP video shot by Yong Jun Chang and Yong-ho Kim / June 11, 2024)

The filthy floaters were sent in retaliation for South Korean activists sending balloons across the border with leaflets criticizing North Korea’s human rights abuses.

I suppose this is still preferable to Pyongyang launching a nuclear warhead at its implacable enemy. The Hermit Kingdom has at least 30 of those in its big bang arsenal. Of course, Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un would forthwith find himself with an A-bomb up his arse.

Such an absurdist tit-for-tat spat between the disorderly neighbours. Except these low-pitched tiffs can easily escalate and explode into earth-shaking consequences, what with the Doomsday Clock at 90 seconds to midnight and all.

Bonkers Kim is hardly the stuff of rational behaviour. And, as his powerful sister Kim Yo-Jong warned in an editorial published by the state-run Korean Central News Agency on the weekend: “Undoubtedly, if simultaneous dissemination of leaflets and radio broadcasting with loudspeakers is carried out, the Republic of Korea (the official name of the South) will be an eyewitness to our new response.” Adding, “I demand Seoul to control itself by putting an end right now to its dangerous act that worsens this crisis of confrontation.”

In quid pro quo belligerent rhetoric, the office of South Korea President Yoon Suk Yeol issued a statement accusing North Korea of “dirty provocations no normal country would think of,” dangling next-steps that “North Korea would find unbearable.”

Chill, dudes.

They’re having a reciprocal hissy fit, North and South, with potentially disastrous outcomes, all kidding aside. Already Seoul has announced full suspension of the 2018 inter-Korean tension reduction pact, a nonhostility deal aimed at lowering military tension on the peninsula between a nuclear-armed regime and a nation which, while possessing no nuclear warheads, two years ago announced it had developed submarine-launched ballistic missiles. North Korea last conducted a nuclear weapons test in 2017 but launched a spy satellite — with technical help from Russia — a couple of weeks ago. It was a bust.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

The countries remain technically at war because no armistice or peace treaty was signed when the Korean War ended in 1953, an eternally on-the-brink combat footing that has survived the Cold War and is still very much in play. The United States has 28,500 troops in South Korea.

Standing at the edge of the DMZ on the south side, the close-quarters standoff is hair-raising obvious, with soldiers from both nations posturing and occasionally firing at one another. What an apocalyptic irony if the end of the world were to be provoked by garbage payload balloons, affixed bags time-released to spill their contents once they reach South Korean airspace. Officials have found “nothing hazardous” in the gunk. But the animosity is toxic.

The floating offensive is a reprise of Cold War psychological war tactics. While a barrage of splattering rubbish — those that have reached their goal, entangled in trees, smashing open on town streets, bobbing along rivers — have caused no real damage with the citizenry shrugging off the irritation (the military had warned people to beware of falling objects), leaders on both sides seem hell-bent on ratcheting up the tension amidst dueling refrains of “YOU STOP NO YOU STOP!”

This particular campaign began — against a backdrop of North Korea conducting extensive military activities along the DMZ early this year, with South Korea and the US doing the same in March — when a group of activists led by North Korean defectors floated 10 balloons tied to 200,000 anti-Pyongyang leaflets denouncing the regime’s human rights violations, bundles that included K-pop songs, USB sticks containing South Korean TV dramas and democracy propaganda, and one-dollar U.S. bills. Manna literally from heaven dropping on border towns. North Koreans are rigidly disconnected from world news and encroaching cultural defilement. Kim has slammed those balloon payloads as “political filth” and “a cancer.”

In the past, both Koreas had agreed to knock off such provocations and Seoul actually passed a law banning the airborne pamphleteering, but last year the courts ruled the legislation unconstitutional. Thus the pro-democracy activists have been able to resume their “freedom of expression” botheration.

Wrote Kim’s sister of Seoul’s heated complaints over the garbage countermeasure: “I cannot understand why they are making a fuss as if they were hit by a shower of bullets. If they experience how unpleasant the feeling of picking up filth is and how tired it is, they will know that it is not easy to dare talk about freedom of expression.”

It may all be just a fart in a mitten. Or throwing down a gauntlet packed with atomic punch.

Opinion articles are based on the author’s interpretations and judgments of facts, data and events. More details

 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
REAL ESTATE
After 8 months on market and $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
14 hrs ago
STAR EXCLUSIVE
A boy created AI-generated porn with the faces of girls he knew. Why Toronto police said he didn’t break the law
11 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Shannon Gormley: Canada’s fake feminist prime minister is running out of women to use as props
7 hrs ago
REAL ESTATE
‘Modern masterpiece’: This $16.5-million Bridle Path home has a theatre, elevator — and 10 parking spots
10 hrs ago
AUTOS
The best compact car just got better. And it’s now available as a hybrid
13 hrs ago
OPINION
Jordan Himelfarb: My dad used to run Canada’s public service. As the Star’s opinion editor, I asked him what he got wrong, how he turned left — and why he keeps needling me about my work
7 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Justin Ling: The joke is over for the leader of the Rhinoceros Party of Canada
9 hrs ago
UNITED STATES
Trailblazing Canadian model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
2 hrs ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Opinion
OPINION
Shawn Micallef: If Toronto fails to deliver this one piece of infrastructure, it will reveal an ugly truth
8 hrs ago
Comments
OPINION
Jordan Himelfarb: My dad used to run Canada’s public service. As the Star’s opinion editor, I asked him what he got wrong, how he turned left — and why he keeps needling me about my work
Article was updated 7 hrs ago
Comments
READERS’ LETTERS
OPINION
Our Christmas tree played many roles
13 hrs ago
Comments
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
We hosted a concert for 45 strangers in our (small) living room. It reminded me how beautiful life can be
Article was updated 12 hrs ago
Comments
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Justin Ling: The joke is over for the leader of the Rhinoceros Party of Canada
Article was updated 9 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After 8 months on market and $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/opinion/star-columnists/the-korean-peninsula-trash-battle-could-have-chilling-consequences/article_017bf9c8-2839-11ef-bede-072f80a5e299.html 
 ----- 
