MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
What matters most to MLB players, the New York youth movement
By Levi Weaver and Ken Rosenthal
Aug 31, 2023

29

This is a digital version of The Windup newsletter. Sign up here to receive this content directly in your inbox every morning.

Today, we’re going to look at milestones — which ones are important to players, who might reach them soon, and who reached one yesterday. Ken also has more on waiver-gate. I’m Levi Weaver, here with Ken Rosenthal — welcome to the Windup!

Which milestones matter to players?: It don’t matter to the moon, but it matters to me
	Freddie Freeman has been as durable as it gets. (Kevork Djansezian / Getty Images)

Once in a while, one of our writers has an idea so good that I get slightly annoyed I didn’t think of it. Today, the source of my respectful jealousy is Stephen Nesbitt, who thought to ask a load of big-league players: Which milestones are truly meaningful to you guys?

Sure, big round numbers like 3,000 hits or 300 home runs are important to fans and writers, but by and large, those weren’t the answers that came up. The ones that did really provide some insight into what life is like as a big-league player.

Fans might not be enthusiastic about service time, but it’s no surprise to hear that’s one of the big ones. Baseball players spend their whole lives learning how to be good at baseball, and now in their late 30s (if they’re lucky), it’s time to find something else to do. Did they spend any time developing other skills while putting 12-15 hours a day into their baseball career? Hitting 10 years of service time means a full pension for life. It’s not a sexy milestone, but it’s no wonder it’s on their minds.

It’s not all off-field stuff, though. Things like 200 innings pitched or 160+ games played also rank highly. Baseball players want to succeed, but there’s definitely a desire to be reliable permeating every clubhouse. Not everyone can be Ronald Acuña Jr. or Mookie Betts, but availability often comes down to how hard you work — it’s a badge of honor.

The whole article is fascinating. If you’re curious about how baseball players see their industry, Stephen chose a perfect topic to ask them about.

Ken’s Notebook: Will the August salary dump become a trend?

So, is Major League Baseball good with this? Good with the Angels attempting to purge nearly one-fourth of their roster in a pure salary dump? Good with the questions the moves raise about the sport’s competitive integrity? The treatment of fans who bought tickets to see the Angels play in the final month?

Let’s be clear: The Angels operated within the rules by placing six players on waivers Tuesday. So did other clubs that took a more selective approach to the process. The goal for all of those teams is to save money in a lost season, especially on potential free agents they are unlikely to keep. The Angels also could benefit by slipping under the luxury tax threshold and getting a higher draft pick if Shohei Ohtani rejects a qualifying offer and signs with another club.

Well, what’s good for Angels owner Arte Moreno is not necessarily good for the sport. If the Angels’ plan works and the majority of their six players are claimed Thursday, other struggling teams could adopt their strategy in future seasons. At that point, baseball would have a problem similar to the one teams create when they concede at the trade deadline, if not worse.

Consider how the Great Salary Dump of 2023, if this indeed turns into that, might affect the AL pennant race. The Angels have three games left against both leading AL East contenders (the Orioles and Rays) and AL Central contenders (Twins and Guardians), so no problem there. But in the West, they are done with the Astros yet face both the Mariners and Rangers three times.

Advantage: Mariners and Rangers.

Sure, anything can happen on a given night, and the Angels’ opponents would need to take advantage of the team in its weakened state. But what we’re talking about is a distortion of the pennant race, not to mention a slap at fans who bought tickets to Angels games in September and will be seeing a compromised product.

None of this is exactly new. The old August waiver period allowed for similar salary-shedding maneuvers, notably the blockbuster in which Adrian Gonzalez, Josh Beckett and Carl Crawford went from the Red Sox to the Dodgers in 2012. But those moves at least were trades, and the Red Sox received five players in that deal — James Loney plus four prospects, none of whom amounted to much.

Now that the sport operates with only one trade deadline, teams that lose players on waivers in the post-deadline period can receive only financial and potentially draft-related benefits. If the Angels’ stunt is a one-time thing, fine. They have operated under unusual circumstances all season, knowing it is likely Ohtani’s farewell. But here’s suspecting this will be the start of a trend.

The league needs to be on guard. Adjustments might be required.

More on the waiver wire: The order has been set. Let the fun begin.

Which youngster could get to 3,000 hits?: If you’re aiming anywhere, aim high
	Corbin Carroll (Kevin C. Cox / Getty Images)

All this talk about milestones got me thinking. So far this year, we’ve seen a few. Jose Altuve and Freddie Freeman passed the 2,000-hit mark. Justin Verlander crossed 250 wins, and Clayton Kershaw got to 200. Meanwhile, Craig Kimbrel and Kenley Jansen each collected their 400th career save this year. Bryce Harper hit his 300th home run last night.

In the “almost there” category, Giancarlo Stanton is two shy of 400 career home runs, while Kershaw (2,927) and Zack Greinke (2,962) are creeping up on 3,000 strikeouts.

My next thought: Who do we think will be the next to cross 3,000 hits? Let’s conservatively guess that Altuve (2,014) finishes this year with 2,040 or so. He’s 33 years old. If he can average even 150 hits per year, he will cross 3,000 sometime in the 2030 season at age 40. It’s not a lock, but it’s certainly possible. Freeman (2,081) is also 33. That feels like a safe bet if he stays healthy.

Joey Votto (2,127) probably won’t get there. Elvis Andrus (2,067) is only a year older than Altuve, but the last time he had more than 133 hits in a season, the year was 2019.

But the more interesting question to me was: Of current big-leaguers born in 1999 or after, who has the best shot at cracking 3,000? I identified a couple of players from each birth year who might be in the conversation (totals are going into last night’s action).

Born in 1999: Vladimir Guerrero Jr. (682), Fernando Tatis Jr. (426)
Born in 2000: Bobby Witt Jr. (298), Luis García (291), Julio Rodríguez (298), Corbin Carroll (155)
Born in 2001: Wander Franco (292), Michael Harris II (235), Gunnar Henderson (140)
Born in 2002: Jordan Walker (85), Elly De La Cruz (73)

Franco would have been my guess for most likely, but his career is, to put it extremely lightly, increasingly in flux. If I had to pick my three likeliest, I’d have to go with Rodríguez, Witt Jr. and Carroll, in that order.

More call-ups in New York: Make room at the bottom, ‘cause I’m on my way
	Jasson Domínguez (Mark J. Rebilas / USA Today)

The prospect promotion parade continues apace. News broke yesterday that the Yankees and Mets were each bringing up more young stars to get a taste of the big leagues this season.

In the Bronx, it’s another double-dip. They’re calling up outfielder Jasson Domínguez, whom Keith Law has listed as the No. 27 prospect in the sport, and catcher Austin Wells. Over in Queens, infielder Ronny Mauricio is also getting the call to the Big Apple.

Domínguez is maybe the most interesting of the three. He’s just 20 years old and was only promoted to Triple A earlier this month, but in eight games, he hit .444 with a 1.124 OPS. Might as well see if that translates to a little big-league success, to help plan for the 2024 season.

For Wells, the success in 32 Triple-A games wasn’t quite as stark (he hit .262 with an .822 OPS), but again — as was the case earlier this month when they called up Everson Pereira and Oswald Peraza — this isn’t about trying to win more games this year, it’s about knowing what they have before they try to retool this offseason.

That’s the same thing happening across town. Mauricio has hit .292 (.852 OPS) with 23 home runs in 116 games at Triple-A Syracuse this year. He can play all over the infield, but second and third seem the most likely places to get him reps, with Francisco Lindor ensconced at shortstop for the foreseeable future.

The Mets are also taking the next month to figure out who might stick around in the 2024 rotation.

Handshakes and High Fives

Remember that story about Randy Johnson’s photography career? It must run in the 1990s Mariners genes — Ken Griffey Jr. was working as a photographer as Messi’s Miami took on Nashville yesterday.

We’re starting to hit that “every game is a must-win” part of the season for a few teams, including the Toronto Blue Jays. Same for the Chicago Cubs, who eked out a series win against the Milwaukee Brewers.

That’s not the case for the Cardinals, who are very much not in contention, but Tommy Edman is showing why St. Louis will be counting on him in 2024.

Nesbitt and I talk about the Angels’ waiver bonanza and preview a couple of weekend series on the On Deck podcast.

After being swept by the Astros (and losing two of three to the Dodgers before that), the Red Sox are 6 1/2 games out of a wild-card position. They could stand to win a waiver claim on one of the outgoing Angels, but … should they bother?

(Top photo of Bryce Harper after hitting his 300th home run: Kyle Ross / USA Today)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4822173/2023/08/31/mlb-milestones-new-york-mets-yankees-call-ups-the-windup/ 
 ----- 
