Subscribe to WSN. Sign up for special offers

Home
 
Cricket

India vs Bangladesh Predictions: India Look To Get Back on Winning Track
Contributors
Updated November 1, 2022
5 min read
India dominates the head-to-head record versus Bangladesh with 10 wins to 1.
Both teams have won two out of three games each in the ongoing T20 world cup.
India has a significantly stronger side in every department.
India vs Bangladesh Odds
Team	Odds


India

	

-400
BET HERE




Bangladesh

	

+180

BET HERE 

India vs Bangladesh Prediction and Pick

The head to head record between these two teams in the shorter format is heavily tilted toward India. The men in blue have claimed 10 out of 11 clashes while Bangladesh have managed only one victory. India have a significantly stronger side and start as clear favourites. 

We predict India to win this clash on Wednesday (-400)

How We Rate
Affiliate Disclaimer
21+
#1

FanDuel

4.5/5

Free play options

Special contests for newbies

BET $5, GET $250 IN BONUS BETS IF YOUR BET WINS

21+ | Terms and conditions apply

Claim Now
FanDuel Review

🔥 Claimed by 53 people this week!

#2

BetMGM

4.5/5

Parlays with enhanced odds

Impressive range of bets

Promo Code "WSNSPORTS"

GET UP TO $1,500 IN BONUS BETS

21+ | T&Cs apply. *Bonus Bets Expire in 7 Days. One New Customer Offer Only. Add’l terms.

Claim Now
BetMGM Review
Predicted XI

India: KL Rahul, Rohit Sharma (c), Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Hardik Pandya, Dinesh Karthik/Rishabh Pant (wk), Axar Patel, Ravichandran Ashwin, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Arshdeep Singh

Bangladesh: Najmul Hossain Shanto, Soumya Sarkar, Litton Das, Shakib Al Hasan (c), Afif Hossain, Yasir Ali, Nurul Hasan (wk), Mosaddek Hossain, Taskin Ahmed, Mustafizur Rahman, Hasan Mahmud

Huge Task Ahead of Bangladesh as India Look To Get Back on Winning Track

India and Bangladesh will lock horns in the next Group 2 fixture in the men's T20 World Cup at Adelaide Oval on Wednesday. India are coming off a loss while Bangladesh won their previous game. Both sides have won two out of three matches and a victory here will put them in a strong position.  

India have four points and a net run-rate of 0.844, having defeated Pakistan and the Netherlands. In their previous game, Rohit Sharma's men suffered a five-wicket defeat against South Africa, who moved to the top of the table. 

India's top order were rattled by pace and bounce, losing half the side for just 49. Suryakumar Yadav stood tall and made a fantastic 68 off 40 to propel them to a decent 133. Arshdeep Singh and Mohammed Shami had South Africa reduced to 24 for 3 in six overs but then India let the game slip away with some poor fielding.

Bangladesh are also on four points but with a poor net run-rate of -1.533 and their road only gets difficult with India and Pakistan as the remaining matches. They just managed to edge out Zimbabwe in the previous game by 3 runs in what was a highly dramatic thriller. 

Najmul Hossain Shanto kept the innings together with his 71 off 55 to help Bangladesh reach the 150-run mark. Defending the target, Taskin Ahmed (3/19) and Mustafizur Rahman (2/15) had Zimbabwe five down for 69. In the end, they survived Sean Williams, who played a superb knock but couldn't finish the job.  

Team News

India had predictably made one change to their playing XI for the previous game against South Africa, leaving out Axar Patel for Deepak Hooda. The duo should swap the places for this game. Wicketkeeper Dinesh Karthik was injured on Sunday and Rishabh Pant had to substitute him. If Karthik remains unfit, Pant will take the spot. India's top order had a tough time at Perth but should enjoy batting here. KL Rahul's form has started to become a concern. The seam-bowling attack of Arshdeep Singh, Mohammed Shami and Bhuvneshwar Kumar has been superb in the competition. Ravi Ashwin went for runs versus South Africa but should do well here. 

Bangladesh had also made a tactical change against South Africa but reverted back to the original playing XI for the previous game against Zimbabwe, with Yasir Ali replacing Mehidy Hasan Miraz. They could be tempted to bring in left arm pacer Shoriful Islam in place of Hasan Mahmud for this game. The rest of the line-up is most likely to remain unchanged. Taskin Ahmed and Mustafizur Rahman were terrific in the previous outing. In the batting department, Najmul Hossain Shanto was excellent in the last game while Afif Hossain has done a good job at the back end. But they will need more out of Shakib Al Hasan and Litton Das. 

Key Players 

Arshdeep Singh has quickly become one of the bankable bowlers for India in the shorter format. The left arm seamer has the ability to swing the ball upfront and bowl well at the death as well. Arshdeep has picked 7 scalps in three matches in the ongoing tournament, including 2 for 25 against strong South African line-up in the last game. 

Shakib Al Hasan remains a key player for Bangladesh in this match with his all-round skill set. The left arm spinner is likely to play a key role against a right-hand heavy batting unit. Shakib has 125 wickets in T20I cricket at an economy of 6.79 with six four-wicket hauls. With the bat, he averages 23 at this level with 12 fifties. 

How We Rate
Affiliate Disclaimer
21+
#1

FanDuel

4.5/5

Free play options

Special contests for newbies

BET $5, GET $250 IN BONUS BETS IF YOUR BET WINS

21+ | Terms and conditions apply

Claim Now
FanDuel Review

🔥 Claimed by 53 people this week!

#2

BetMGM

4.5/5

Parlays with enhanced odds

Impressive range of bets

Promo Code "WSNSPORTS"

GET UP TO $1,500 IN BONUS BETS

21+ | T&Cs apply. *Bonus Bets Expire in 7 Days. One New Customer Offer Only. Add’l terms.

Claim Now
BetMGM Review
How to Watch India vs Bangladesh
India vs Bangladesh, 35th Match, T20 World Cup 2022 - Information	



Teams

	

India vs Bangladesh, Group 2, Super 12




Location 

	

Adelaide Oval




Time

	

Wednesday, 2nd November, 1:30 PM IST/8 AM GMT




How to watch

	

Star Sports Network/Disney+ Hotstar (India), SportsMax (Caribbean), Fox Sports & Channel 7 (Australia), Sky Sport NZ (New Zealand), SuperSport (South Africa), Willow TV (USA), Sky Sports Cricket (United Kingdom)

Latest Cricket Articles
Show more

T20 World Cup 2024 Player Props & Best Bets for Saturday, June 29

6 months ago | Rohit Sankar

T20 World Cup 2024 Winner Predictions, Odds & Favorites: Can South Africa Go All the Way?

6 months ago | Rohit Sankar

T20 World Cup 2024 Player Props & Best Bets for Thursday, June 27

6 months ago | Rohit Sankar
4.5/5
Bet $5, Get $250 in Bonus Bets if Your Bet Wins
21+ | Terms and conditions apply
Claim Now

Rohit Sankar

CRICKET BETTING ANALYST

Expertise:
Cricket
Betting Picks
Rohit is a cricket enthusiast striving to convey the finer details of the game in a capsule. He hopes to present a bird's eye view of the game, as he sees it, to the readers. He is smitten by the likes of ABD but crushes on pace bowlers who can make the ball talk.
MORE ARTICLES BY ROHIT SANKAR
Email:
rohit.sankar@wsn.com
Nationality:
American
Education:
N/A
Favourite Sportsbook:
bet365 Sportsbook
Favourite Casino:
BetMGM Casino
Experience:
6 years
Get special offers and tips straight to your inbox

Sign up to our newsletter to get WSN's latest hands-on reviews, expert advice, and exclusive offers delivered straight to your inbox.

Subscribe
We've been featured on:
We only list licensed sportsbooks
POPULAR
NBA vs WNBA
UFC Weight Classes
DraftKings vs FanDuel
Fair-Weather Fans
Best Movie Training Montages
Parlay Calculator
Horse Racing Calculator
High School Athlete Endorsement Index
NFL Offense Rankings
NFL Defense Rankings
NFL Picks Against the Spread
NFL FUTURES
Super Bowl Odds
NFC Championship Odds
AFC Championship Odds
NFL MVP Odds
NFL Offensive Player Of The Year Odds
NFL Defensive Player Of The Year Odds
NFL Win Totals Odds
View All NFL Futures
ABOUT WSN
Contact Us
About Us
Our Team
How We Rate
Responsible Gambling
Careers
Press
Environment and Sustainability
Diversity and Inclusion
Web Accessibility
Sitemap
POLICY
Editorial Principles
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Underage Policy
Player Rights
KYC (Know Your Customer)
Security Policy

We support responsible gambling. Gambling can be addictive, please play responsibly. If you need help, call 1-800-Gambler.

WSN.com is managed by Gentoo Media. Unless declared otherwise, all of the visible content on this site, such as texts and images, including the brand name and logo, belongs to Innovation Labs Limited (a Gentoo Media company) - Company Registration Number C44130, VAT ID: MT18874732, @GIG Beach Triq id-Dragunara, St. Julians, STJ3148, Malta.

Advertising Disclosure: WSN.com contains links to partner websites. When a visitor to our website clicks on one of these links and makes a purchase at a partner site, World Sports Network is paid a commission.

Copyright © 2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wsn.com/cricket/india-vs-bangladesh-predictions-2022-11-02/ 
 ----- 
