 (237) 222 30 41 47  info@cameroon-tribune.cm  Contact Us
05:38:22 AM Tuesday, December 17, 2024
Sports
Home Details
Cameroon-Kenya : Lions Step Up Preparations
By Dilian WELLENG 09 Oct. 2024 12:08 0 Likes 
  

A contingent of 20 players took part in the third training session yesterday evening at the Ngoa-Ekelle Stadium in Yaounde.

The Indomitable Lions of Cameroon are fine-tuning preparations ahead of their clash against Kenya on October 11, 2024 in Yaounde. The team had its third training session yesterday October 8, 2024 at the Ngoa-Ekelle Stadium. 20 players answered present. Enzo Flavien Boyomo, Nohou Tolo, Brice Moumi Ngamaleu and Jean-Charles Castelletto were the four players still awaited at press time. For the case of Castelletto, this reporter got confirmation at the training session that he is sitting in for Olivier Ntcham, However, the team had not made any official statement on this situation at the time of this report.
Yesterday’s training session began at a few minutes past 5 p.m. Fans of the Indomitable Lions had thronged the stadium in their numbers to watch the team as it was announced that the first 20 minutes will be opened to the press and the public. The Lions, who were at their second training session of the day, got into the turf with so much determination. 
The players began with a warm up session coordinated by the Fitness Coach, Christophe Manouvrier. The goalkeepers were equally horning their skills with the goalkeeper coaches led by Kameni Carlos. The point of curiosity was midfielder Carlos Baleba who was not warming up alongside the other players. He trained aside. After the warm up session, he had a few minutes talk with the fitness co...

THIS ARTICLE IS FOR SUBSCRIBERS ONLY

Already subscribed? Identify yourself >

Unlimited access to Cameroon Tribune Digital from 26,250 FCFA
I subscribe
1 minute is enough to subscribe to Cameroon Tribune Digital!
 Want to know more?
Your special cameroon-tribune issue in digital version
Inserts
Exclusive calls for tenders
Preview (access 24 hours before publication)
Editions available on all media (smartphone, tablets, PC)
Like 
 Share on :   
Reactions
Comments
List is empty.
Lead a Comment
FIRSTNAME*
EMAIL*
PHONE
MESSAGE
Send
Same category
MTN Elite One : coup d’envoi à Melong
06 Déc. 2024 12:42
Victoria United : Defending Champions Set To Conquer
06 Déc. 2024 12:41
MUNDI’ADES 2024 : Tournament Underway
06 Déc. 2024 12:40
On News Stands  Subscribe



Most Viewed
Yaounde Hilton Hotel: Explicit Welcome For Statesmen
 8
CEMAC’s Economic Situation: Brainstorming On Common Strategy
 7
Eau, électricité à Douala: Le ministre évalue les projets
 7
Route Ngaoundéré-Garoua: Les fonds sont disponibles
 5
Projet de construction de palais de la musique: Des partenaires à Yaoundé
 6
Your special cameroon-tribune issue in digital version
I subscribe
Download the Cameroon-Tribune app
Cameroon Tribune
Route de l'aéroport BP/PO Box : 1218 Yaoundé Cameroun.
(237) 222 30 41 47
info@cameroon-tribune.cm
Journal
Subscription
Mobile Apps
Our partners
Personnalities
Journalists
Photo Gallery
Folder
National dialog
 Contact Us
Digital ecosystem of SOPECAM
Archives
SOPECAM
Imprimerie SOPECAM
Cameroon Business Today
Cameroon Insider
Boutique SOPECAM
NYANGA
Weekend Sports et Loisirs
Éditions SOPECAM
READ NEWSPAPER
Presidential Politics Economy Society Culture Sports International Editorial Regions
Copyright@2024 cameroon-tribune. Terms and Policies | Advertising | Contact | Dévises
Designed by Inovtech Inc.

Free Activator 2024 With kmspico, you can activate absolutely any version of Windows or Office. More detailed information is available on our website kmspico.blog

kmspico.vc

кракен ссылкакракен ссылка кракен даркнеткракен даркнет
Les utilisateurs du Cameroun peuvent accéder aux jeux en ligne Aviator, Crazy Time, JetX sur le site officiel de 4rabet. La plateforme est disponible en anglais et en français. Inscrivez-vous et connectez-vous pour obtenir des bonus. Our Partner: Royal Reels Australia. fortune rabbit demo grátis
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cameroon-tribune.cm/article.html/67348/fr.html/cameroon-kenya-lions-step-up 
 ----- 
