This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Notice

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
Open Main Menu Navigation
Open Search
CLEAR ICON
35º
Go to the KSAT homepage
Sign In
Open the KSAT San Antonio Help Desk
NEWS
WEATHER
SPORTS
KSAT PLUS
SA LIVE
KSAT INSIDER
KSAT CONNECT
ENTERTAINMENT
FEATURES
SPORTS
Matt Olson ties Braves' single-season home run mark with 51

Associated Press

Published: September 12, 2023 at 7:11 PM
Updated: September 12, 2023 at 10:47 PM
Tags: Andruw Jones, Matt Olson, Zack Wheeler, Sports
Full Screen
1 / 5
Previous photo
Next photo
Atlanta Braves' Matt Olson follows through after hitting a single against Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Seranthony Dominguez during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Atlanta Braves' Matt Olson runs after hitting a single against Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Seranthony Dominguez during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Atlanta Braves' Matt Olson, right, and Marcell Ozuna, center, celebrate past Philadelphia Phillies catcher J.T. Realmuto after Olson's home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Atlanta Braves' Matt Olson, right, rounds the bases after hitting a home run against Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Zack Wheeler during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Atlanta Braves' Matt Olson rounds the bases after hitting a home run against Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Michael Lorenzen during the sixth inning of the second baseball game in a doubleheader, Monday, Sept. 11, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

Copyright 2023 The Associated Press. All rights reserved

Atlanta Braves' Matt Olson follows through after hitting a single against Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Seranthony Dominguez during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

PHILADELPHIA – Andruw Jones had a hunch when the Braves traded for Matt Olson in 2022 — then immediately signed him to a $168 million, eight-year contract — that his season home run record wouldn't last long.

"I thought Matt would be the guy to break the record,” Jones said last weekend in Atlanta when his number was retired. “He’s just got that swing. I’m pulling for him and hopefully he can break it.”

Recommended Videos

Hear SAFD firefighter’s powerful spoken poem about mental health challenges in fire service
Unmute
Duration 
3:52
/
Current Time 
0:00
Advanced Settings
Fullscreen
Play
Rewind 10 Seconds
Up Next

One more long ball this year and Olson will be all alone in Atlanta's record book.

Olson can set the franchise mark of 52 on Wednesday should he go deep when the Braves play the Philadelphia Phillies and try to clinch their sixth straight NL East title with a victory. Atlanta is already guaranteed a playoff spot.

For at least one night, he's even with Jones at 51. Olson hit a solo shot in Atlanta's 7-6 win over the Phillies in 10 innings on Tuesday, tying the team record Jones set in 2005.

“way to go @mattolson21 proud of you keep it going 60?” Jones wrote on social media.

Olson was raised in the Atlanta area and grew up a fan of Jones and the Braves.

“It's a cool feeling,” Olson said. “I watched him growing up and know the kind of player he was. It's cool to be mentioned with him.”

Olson hit the first pitch he saw from starter Zack Wheeler in the fourth inning into the left-field seats. The fan who caught the ball threw it back onto the field. Olson hit two homers a night earlier against the Phillies, and the milestone 50th had to be retrieved from a fan.

“He's a tough at-bat," Olson said about Wheeler. "So to be able to get one off him is good.”

Olson, also the sixth player in franchise history with at least 80 extra-base hits, has 128 RBIs this season. He never hit more than 39 homers in a season before this year.

Hard to believe, but for a franchise that boasted Hank Aaron, Eddie Mathews, Chipper Jones, Dale Murphy and a slew of other prodigious sluggers, Jones and Olson are the only Braves to hit 50 home runs in a season.

Olson, who also has a 10-game hitting streak, entered the game on pace for 56 homers and 143 RBIs. He is just one of 15 players since 2000 to reach the 50-homer mark and the first left-handed hitter in the NL to hit 50 since Prince Fielder in 2007.

Olson has eight home runs in 12 games in September.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

Copyright 2023 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Marketplace
Sell Your Items - Free to List
Visit Full Marketplace

Baslco Fair Isle Print High Waist Leggings,Black Multicolore...

$12

FRANK S. | sellwild.com

Decorum leather jacket

$150

BARBARA B. | sellwild.com

Powered by

Recommended Videos

KSAT DEALS
Here's how to get fabulous items to make life around the house easier, more organized and tidy — all while saving big.
Save big on home organization and comfort with these Insider Deals
Read full article: Save big on home organization and comfort with these Insider Deals
These deals might be your "cup of tea."
SA Live deals this week: Cozy winter savings
Read full article: SA Live deals this week: Cozy winter savings
BACK TO TOP

Email Newsletters

KSAT RSS Feeds

Contests and Rules

Contact Us

KSAT Internships

Careers at KSAT

Closed Captioning / Audio Description

Public File

Current EEO Report

Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Do Not Sell My Info

FCC Applications

Cookie Preferences

FOLLOW US
Visit our YouTube page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Facebook page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Instagram page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our X page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our RSS Feed page (opens in a new tab)
GET RESULTS WITH OMNE

If you need help with the Public File, call (210) 351-1200.

At KSAT, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.

Copyright © 2025 KSAT.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.

 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ksat.com/sports/2023/09/13/matt-olson-ties-braves-single-season-home-run-mark-with-51/ 
 ----- 
