Kane Williamson set to be included in New Zealand's World Cup squad as he recovers from knee surgery
5th September 2023

New Zealand captain Kane Williamson will be included in the 15-man squad for the World Cup as he continues to recover from knee surgery.

New Zealand's Kane Williamson

Williamson suffered the injury while playing in the Indian Premier League during March, but has made sufficient progress in his recovery to be in contention ahead of the start of the tournament in October.

Black Caps coach Gary Stead, though, stressed Williamson – who has been training with the team in their tour of England – would not be pushed to play until fully fit.

"Kane has applied phenomenal dedication to his rehabilitation and has been supported by a strong group of experts around him," Stead said.

"He's left no stone unturned in trying to get back playing cricket at the highest level. We are delighted to be in a place to select him.

"At the same time, he's also kept perspective about his recovery and hasn't wanted to rush or force his way back too early.

"As we’ve previously said, it's great he wants to play cricket for New Zealand in the long term."

Williamson is determined to be able to take part in what would be his fourth World Cup.

"Through this entire process I have tried to keep an open mind on when I might be able to return to cricket and not get too focused on one date or match," said Williamson, whose side were beaten by England in a Super Over which decided the 2019 World Cup final at Lord's.

"Being selected doesn't change that and I know there's still work to do and day by day goals to tick off to get back on the field with the team."

New Zealand are set to name their World Cup squad on September 11, with the tournament getting under way in India on October 5.

READ MORE: Marcus Trescothick backing Dawid Malan and Liam Livingstone to come good for England ahead of ODI World Cup

 

Cricket Home
Cricket
Kane Williamson
New Zealand
Cricket World Cup
2023 Men's Cricket World Cup
EDITOR'S PICKS
01
Brendon McCullum: England ready to be 'really brave' in team selection for India series
02
Diogo Jota inspires Liverpool surge as injuries fail to dampen Premier League lead
03
Cameron Norrie ready to go toe-to-toe with the big boys after stellar Australian Open run
04
Maxwel Cornet confident of scoring run after opening West Ham account
RELATED ARTICLES
India in New Zealand T20I Series
ICC Women's Under-19 T20 World Cup
New Zealand in Pakistan ODI Series
New Zealand in Pakistan Test Series
India tour of Bangladesh ODI Series
India tour of New Zealand
ICC Cricket World Cup
ICC Men's T20 World Cup
Pakistan in New Zealand T20I Series
New Zealand T20I Tri-Series
Bangladesh tour of New Zealand
Bangladesh in New Zealand T20I Series
South Africa tour of England
Indian Premier League
Shubman Gill scores record as India smash New Zealand in T20 series decider
India in New Zealand T20I Series
1st February 2023
India VS New Zealand: Rain could be a spoiler in second T20I and split Indian captains
India in New Zealand T20I Series
20th November 2022

Our Sports
Cricket
Football
E-Sports
Badminton
 
Tennis
Kabaddi
Field Hockey
Privacy and Cookies
Social Links

kisma © 2022 All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.kismasport.com/cricket/news/kane-williamson-set-to-be-included-in-new-zealands-world-cup-squad-as-he-recovers-from-knee-surgery 
 ----- 
