SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS
GELSON DALA DOUBLE FIRES ANGOLA TO WIN OVER MAURITANIA IN FIVE-GOAL THRILLER
Gelson Dala double fires Angola to win over Mauritania in five-goal thriller
Chris Heath,
20.01.2024 19:01
Angola's forward Gelson Dala (R) celebrates with teammates after scoring his team's second goal
AFP
Thanks to a brace from Gelson Dala (27), Angola registered their first victory at an African Cup of Nations (AFCON) finals since the 2012 edition, following a highly-entertaining 3-2 victory over Mauritania at the Stade de la Paix.

Undefeated in their last six matches across all competitions, Angola enjoyed the marginal attacking advantage throughout an exhilarating opening exchange in Bouaké, as Babacar Niasse needed two opportunities to keep hold of Mabululu’s fierce strike.

As for Mauritania, Pape Ibnou Ba headed a cleverly-worked training ground corner over the top of the crossbar.

The game burst back into life around the half-hour mark, as less than 60 seconds after Ba’s one-on-one effort had been denied by Mauritania goalkeeper Neblu, Angola immediately broke the deadlock via Gelson Dala’s stunning scissor-kick finish.

However, the Black Antelopes would be pegged back in sensational style two minutes before half time.

Sidi Bouna Amar channelled his inner Lionel Messi by running exquisitely with the ball through a crowd of defenders, before deciding to unleash an unstoppable strike that rocketed into the far corner of the net.

Key match stats
Flashscore

Determined to regain the lead, Angola stunned Mauritania in a ruthless three-minute spell in front of goal following the restart.

Firstly, Dala once again got his name onto the scoresheet with another smart strike - this one coming via the assistance of the post - before Gilberto seemingly took the game away from the Lions of Chinguetti with another clinical finish, after stealing the ball off half-time substitute Khadim Diaw in the area.

Unbelievably though, the ball would hit the back of the net for the third time in the space of 13 second-half minutes, as Aboubakary Koita got Mauritania back into the game with a stunning long-range strike that flew into the top corner.

That could have sparked absolute mayhem, but both nations would register only one additional shot on target throughout the remainder of the game.

The victory sends Angola top of Group D at the expense of Burkina Faso, with the Black Antelopes knowing a victory over Hubert Velud's side in their final group game will secure a first appearance in the knockout stages since 2010.

Meanwhile, the defeat now leaves Mauritania on the verge of being unable to progress, with only a victory enough to save them from finishing last, as they take on Group D’s top seeds Algeria on Tuesday.

Group D
Flashscore

Flashscore Man of the Match: Gelson Dala (Angola)

See all the match stats here.

Share this report on Facebook.
MENTIONS
Football
African football
Africa Cup of Nations
Mauritania
Angola
Related Articles
Late Bounedjah equaliser spares Algeria's blushes against Burkina Faso
20.01.2024 16:07
AFCON heroics 'the stuff of dreams' for tiny but confident Cape Verde
20.01.2024 11:35
Egypt star Mohamed Salah to miss two AFCON matches due to hamstring strain
19.01.2024 22:47
Show more
Football
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
19 min ago
Updated
Maguire admits getting used to 'total opposite' Amorim will be 'tough' for Man Utd
45 min ago
Flashscore Awards: Real Madrid & Manchester City deliver game of 2024 with six-goal thriller
1 h ago
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao to take over
10 h ago
Italy legend Fabio Cannavaro confirmed as new head coach of Dinamo Zagreb
12 h ago
Liverpool's new Dutch hero Arne Slot rounds off near-faultless year
12 h ago
Roma claim rare point on the road after Paulo Dybala strike pegs back AC Milan
12 h ago
Thiago Motta frustrated at wasteful Juventus after yet another draw against Fiorentina
13 h ago
Liverpool put five past West Ham to extend lead at summit of Premier League
15 h ago
Nottingham Forest defence too good for Everton as they continue to defy expectations
15 h ago
Most Read
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao to take over
Flashscore Awards 2024: Lamine Yamal voted Young Player of the Year
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
Valencia - Real Madrid
Fiorentina - Napoli
Barbastro - Barcelona
FOOTBALL SCORES
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Tottenham - Liverpool
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
Baskonia - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Anadolu Efes
Panathinaikos - Virtus Bologna
Paris - Barcelona
Partizan - Maccabi Tel Aviv
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-africa-cup-of-nations-gelson-dala-double-fires-angola-to-win-over-mauritania-in-five-goal-thriller/27Eh8Q4b/ 
 ----- 
