Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
AFCON 2023: Traore strikes late penalty as Burkina Faso pip resilient Mauritania | Group D
Aston Villa’s playmaker Bertrand Traore struck home a last-minute gasp penalty past the lanky goalkeeper Niasse Babacar to inspire the Burkinabales to the much-needed victory.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
JANUARY 16, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Mamady Bangre (with the ball) in action against Mauritania's Idrissa Tham in Bouake city | Credit: CAF Media
Overview:

Group D will return to action on Saturday, 20th January 2024 when Algeria faces Burkina Faso at 5:00 PM in Bouake city. This will be followed by Mauritania versus Angola clash at 8:00 PM at the same venue.

AFCON 2023:

Group D:

Burkina Faso 1-0 Mauritania
Algeria 1-1 Angola

Burkina Faso surged on the summit of Group D at the ongoing AFCON 2023 in Cote D’Ivoire, following a 1-0 hard-fought win over Mauritania at Stade de la Paix in Bouake city on Tuesday, January 16, 2024.

Aston Villa’s playmaker Bertrand Traore struck home a last-minute gasp penalty past the lanky goalkeeper Niasse Babacar to inspire the Burkinabales to the much-needed victory.

Babacar, a goalkeeper at French Ligue 2 side Guingamp had been impressive throughout the game.

Traore’s well-placed penalty off the lethal left foot sent Babacar the wrong way to spark wild celebrations.

This penalty followed a decision from the Video Assistant Referee (VAR).

Burkina Faso midfielder Ibrahim Blati Toure (Pyramids) was named the man of the match.

Burkina Faso is top of Group D after Algeria’s 1-all draw with Angola on Monday night.

Next Group matches:

Group D will return to action on Saturday, 20th January 2024 when Algeria faces Burkina Faso at 5:00 PM in Bouake City.

This will be followed by the Mauritania versus Angola clash at 8:00 PM at the same venue.

Senegal is the tournament’s defending champions.

Other Results:

Group C:

Cameroon 1-1 Guinea
Senegal 3-0 The Gambia

Group B:

Egypt 2-2 Mozambique
Ghana 1-2 Cape Verde

Group A:

Nigeria 1-1 Equatorial Guinea
Cote D’Ivoire 2-0 Guinea Bissau
DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
Would-be URU Awards: 2024 was Okello, Lekuru’s year
Kayanja, Naiga pot to victory in end of year 2024 pool championship at Kansanga
Ex-Ondu, Gaddafi coach lands Mbale Heroes job on interim
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/01/16/afcon-2023-traore-strikes-late-penalty-as-burkina-faso-pip-resilient-mauritania-group-d/ 
 ----- 
