Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Utah Jazz
PRESENTED BY:
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS & MEDIA
JAZZ+
Community
Arena
Fans
History
Shop
SALT LAKE CITY, UT - NOVEMBER 14: Isaiah Collier #13 of the Utah Jazz dribbles the ball during the game against the Dallas Mavericks on November 14, 2024 at Delta Center in Salt Lake City, Utah. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this Photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. Mandatory Copyright Notice: Copyright 2024 NBAE (Photo by Melissa Majchrzak/NBAE via Getty Images)
Utah Jazz Film Study: Isaiah Collier’s Pace, Utah’s Playmaking Bigs, And More 
Eric Spyropoulos●@EricSpyroNBA
Digital Writer
November 20, 20244:17 PM MST

The 2024-25 NBA season is in full swing. 

One month into the new campaign, the Utah Jazz have had to push through cold shooting stretches, absences to key rotation players, and a fairly difficult schedule. Following a winless start to the year, Utah has found a groove offensively, ranking seventh in offensive rating since Nov. 4, a stretch that has seen the Jazz go 3-5, highlighted by a victory over the defending Western Conference Champion Dallas Mavericks. 

In the first film study of the season, we took a look at Walker Kessler’s resurgence, how Lauri Markkanen and the Jazz adjust to opponents top-locking him on off-ball actions, and the early flashes that Kyle Filipowski has shown. 

In this iteration, we’ll take a look at another Jazz rookie turning heads, how Utah utilizes the playmaking ability of two big men on the roster, and the art of the hook shot. 

Isaiah Collier’s dictating the tempo 

The second rookie that Utah added in the 2024 Draft had to wait a little longer to make his NBA debut. 

Following a hamstring strain suffered in the preseason, Collier was finally able to take the floor for limited minutes on Nov. 7 in Milwaukee. However, it was the next game in San Antonio that the 20-year-old guard first showcased his skill set through defensive contributions, effective downhill attacks, and timely playmaking. 

In the plays below, Collier attacks the paint to collapse the defense before dishing out two different dimes, one to a spacing John Collins for the open 3-pointer and another to Kessler in the dunker spot for the easy finish. 

Although Collier can generate plenty of scoring and playmaking opportunities by pushing it in transition, the rookie has also shown an ability to find teammates within halfcourt sets, as seen in the matchup against the LA Clippers. Two of Collier’s career-high eight assists came on impressive reads of the defense within the halfcourt, from a pinpoint crosscourt pass to Cody Williams for a wing 3-pointer to a last-second flip to Markkanen in the corner once Collier realized James Harden’s lapse in defensive attention. 

The adjustment to the NBA has allowed Collier to flex his playmaking chops even more than he did during his lone season at USC, something the rookie guard appreciates. 

“There’s a lot of space in the NBA, so I’m just trying to make simple reads,” Collier said. “I’m just focused on doing what I can to help the team when my name is called.” 

Collier’s playmaking and command of the offense in his limited action has caught the attention of his teammates. 

“He sets other guys up, always plays hard, and he competes,” Markkanen said. “He can make a lot of good reads, which is good to see as a rookie guard coming in (to the league).” 

An added benefit that Collier provides is his blend of playmaking and ability to push the pace in transition, something that can rub off on teammates and create easier scoring opportunities. 

With Collier on the floor this season, 17.5 percent of Utah’s possessions have begun with a transition play, compared to the team’s overall transition frequency of 15.7 percent on the season. As seen in the video below, the 29th overall pick in the 2024 draft can generate those additional fast break opportunities through his own defensive activity or as an outlet for teammates. 

Collier’s 3.1 steal percentage (per Cleaning the Glass) ranks in the 100th percentile, highlighting the rookie’s ability to cause havoc for opposing offenses. 

Collier’s influence can be seen whenever he’s on the floor, but especially when the rookie guard has the ball in his hands on the break. 

“He really moved the ball and dictated the pace for us,” Hardy said following the game against the Clippers. “He’s incredibly fast in the full court, keeps his head up, and it creates an environment that pushes guys to run with him.” 

What has made Collier so effective in transition has been his ability to mix that playmaking with his own scoring. Although his shot hasn’t fallen from deep often early in his NBA career, Collier has compensated with an impressive ability to finish around the basket. In the clips below, Collier’s speed and physicality stands out, from simply racing ahead of defenders to absorbing contact before getting the layup to fall. 

As Collier continues to get more comfortable and his 3-point shot starts to fall with more regularity, the rookie guard will only be more of a threat offensively, a complement to his active hands on defense. 

How the Jazz utilize playmaking from the bigs 

As we highlighted in the first film study of the season, Filipowski has impressed early in his rookie season through capable 3-point shooting, strong finishes around the rim, and most notably, his playmaking. 

Often stationed at the elbows, Utah’s offense has been able to rely on Filipowski’s ball-handling and court vision to initiate dribble hand-offs with guards or find teammates around the basket. 

“We can put him at the elbow and play the movement game around him,” Hardy pointed out. “He’s someone that we try to get the ball to as a facilitator, because of his vision, his passing, and because of who's guarding him. Sometimes it draws the other team’s big away from the basket and allows his teammates to play off the ball.” 

As a result of the rookie’s comfort as a passer, Utah’s guards and wings can focus on their movement to set up open looks. As seen in the plays below, Filipowski shows quick decision making and an understanding of both court spacing and how the defenses are reacting to Utah within a possession.

With Filiposki on the floor this season, the Jazz have seen a significant increase in shot attempts around the rim and a modest increase in 3-point attempts, an indication of how his skill set has helped the team generate the most efficient shot attempts. 

Speaking of playing from the elbows, John Collins is enjoying a career year in terms of his playmaking contributions, posting a career high 2.6 assists per game and a 17.5 assist percentage. 

As his role has shifted this season due to several absences in the frontcourt early in the season, Collins has had the ball in his hands more to both generate his own offense and set up teammates. 

“The positions I’ve been in allow me to make more plays,” Collins said. “I feel like I have a good feel for the game.” 

The veteran big man has recently shined as a passer in short roll situations in the pick-and-roll. Against Dallas, Collins made several timely passes to big men rolling to the rim or in the dunker spot. 

The last play showcased the synergy that Hardy and the Jazz are hoping to strengthen as the season progresses. “That shows some connectivity between those guys,” Hardy said postgame. “That’s something that we’ve been talking about a lot this year, trying to look for our fives when the other team’s bigs come to help.” 

For a Jazz offense that relies on dribble hand-offs (6.9 percent of their possessions have incorporated hand-offs) and plenty of off-ball sets to get shooters open, both Filipowski and Collins have thrived early in the season as ball-handlers and hubs within the team’s halfcourt offense. 

Drew Eubanks and the art of the hook shot 

As teams have moved away from featuring traditional post-up centers in the offense in favor of more ball movement, drives to the basket, and 3-point attempts, the hook shot has become a weapon for only a few in the league.

For the Jazz, backup big man Drew Eubanks has vowed to keep it alive as he has embraced a role on the second unit as a result of the team’s injuries. In those minutes, the veteran has showcased a soft touch around the basket, using a variety of floaters and yes, hook shots, to score efficiently.

On the season, Eubanks has shot 71.4 percent (10-of-14) in the paint, which excludes shots coming in the restricted area. That percentage tops the league among players that have attempted at least 12 shots from that area of the floor.

Thriving in the paint without relying on post up opportunities is one key way that has helped Eubanks provide a spark for Utah’s offense this season. The Jazz offensive rating is 119.5 points per 100 possessions with Eubanks on the floor, an increase of 12.9 points per 100 possessions over the team’s season-long offensive rating. 

With 41 percent of his shot attempts coming within the short mid-range area (shots outside of four feet of the rim but inside of the free-throw line distance), the 27-year-old big man has been an efficient small cog in the offense. 

Next time you’re watching a game, keep an eye on Eubanks and his desire to bring the hook shot back. 

Tags
Drew Eubanks
Isaiah Collier
John Collins
Kyle Filipowski
Utah Jazz
Related Articles
Utah Jazz Film Study: Isaiah Collier’s Pace, Utah’s Playmaking Bigs, And More 
Roundball Roundup: ESPN's Tim MacMahon talks rookies, Markkanen, and Kessler
Utah Jazz Mailbag: John Collins’ Strong Start, Kyle Filipowski’s Emergence, and More 
TICKETS
Salt Lake Summer League
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium Seating
Ticket Offers
Group Tickets
Account Manager
ARENA
Know Before You Go
Jazz FAQ
Delta Center
SEG Privacy Policy
COMMUNITY
Jazz Dancers
Donation Request
Community Ticket Program
Jazz Youth
HISTORY
50 Seasons
All‑Time Players List
Milestones
FRONT OFFICE
Careers
Staff Directory
SHOP
Team Store
Jerseys
Mens
Womens
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/jazz/news/utah-jazz-film-study-isaiah-colliers-pace-utahs-playmaking-bigs-and-more 
 ----- 
