Republic World
Republic Business
R.Bharat
R.Bangla
R.Kannada
Home
SportFit
Live TV
Defence
India News
World
Latest News
Republic Business
Education
Entertainment
More
TRENDING/
Middle-East Conflict |
New Year 2025 Celebrations |
Zimbabwe's Historic Decision |
Suchir Balaji Death |
Rahul Gandhi |
News /
SportFit /
Cricket /
World Cup /
T20 World Cup, Nassau County Cricket Stadium: Average score, capacity, schedule of matches & more

Published 13:30 IST, June 5th 2024

T20 World Cup, Nassau County Cricket Stadium: Average score, capacity, schedule of matches & more
T20 World Cup: Take a look at all all the details for one of the World Cup's venues, the Nassau County Stadium in New York, United States.
SportFit
3 min read
Reported by: Republic Sports Desk
Follow:
Nassau County International Cricket Stadium | Image: X/@T20WorldCup

The ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024 is all set to take place in the United States of America and the Caribbean Islands, and some of the venues in the West Indies will be hosting the group stage and Super 8s this year. Before the T20 spectacle officially commences, let's take a look at one of the venues hosting this year's World Cup matches, the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium, New York. It also includes the venue capacity, pitch report, and other details.

Also Read: T20 World Cup, Arnos Vale Stadium: Average score, capacity, schedule of matches & more

Nassau County International Cricket Stadium: Venue capacity, average score, pitch report, facilities & more
About the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium  

The Nassau County Stadium is the first-ever modular cricket stadium. After Stadium 974, which was built in Qatar for the FIFA World Cup 2022, this is the second makeshift sporting venue. The venue was constructed to address the shortage of cricket-playing venues in the United States. Located at the Eisenhower Park in East Meadow of Nassau County in Long Island, NY, it is a temporary stadium that was built in three months for the ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024.

Stadium Capacity and End Names

Capacity: 34,000

End Names: North Pavilion End and South Pavilion End

T20 Scores & Stats at the Venue

The Nassau County Stadium is a new cricket venue that has not hosted a single match before the T20 World Cup 2024. As a result, data on Nassau County Stadium records is unavailable.

Also Read: T20 World Cup, Grand Prairie Stadium: Average score, capacity, schedule of matches & more

Pitch Conditions

Adelaide, Australia is the source of the pitch soil imported for the drop-in pitches. The ground conditions of Adelaide's Adelaide Oval and the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium are quite similar. The surface is ideal for batsmen. Kentucky bluegrass is used for the outfield, while Damian Hough of Adelaide Oval oversees the creation of the Tahoma bermudagrass drop-in pitches. The matches that are scheduled here should provide huge totals and showcase the excitement of the Twenty20 format. The spinners may benefit from its flat, bouncy track as well.

Venue Facilities

Grandstands from the modular architecture of the Nassau County Stadium, built by Arena Event Services, were previously used for Formula One's Las Vegas Grand Prix and golf tournaments. The media and player facilities, as well as the cutting-edge hospitality boxes with the best possible view of the pitch, are additional amenities.

Scheduled matches for T20 World Cup 2024
Date	Matches 
3 June 2024	Sri Lanka vs South Africa
5 June 2024	India vs Ireland
7 June 2024	Canada vs Ireland
8 June 2024	Netherlands vs South Africa
9 June 2024	India vs Pakistan
10 June 2024	South Africa vs Bangladesh
11 June 2024	Pakistan vs Canada
12 June 2024	United States vs India

Updated 13:40 IST, June 5th 2024

T20 World CupCricket NewsCricket World Cup
Recommended
Happy New Year: World Rings In New Year With Joy and Cheer | LIVE
India News
After IPL SNUB, David Warner Registers For PSL 2025 Draft
SportFit
26-Year-Old Indian-Origin Doctor Among Two Killed in UAE Aircraft Crash
India News
WATCH | How Team India Cricketers Celebrated New Year in Sydney
SportFit
Zimbabwe Scraps Death Penalty, Sentences to Be Commuted as Jail Term
World News
Bumrah Reason Behind Kohli Chest-Bumping Konstas at MCG?
SportFit
Mumbai To Sydney: World Welcomes 2025 With Fireworks, Lightshows
India News
Big Relief For KTR as Telangana HC Extends Stay on His Arrest | LIVE
India News
New York Police Identify Woman Burned To Death Inside Subway Train
World News
Alarms Raised in Arunachal as Militant Outfit Announces Existence
India News
LIVE TV
Republic TV is India's no.1 English news channel since its launch.
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
RSS
Policies Disclaimers
Follow Republic on:
Download the all-new Republic app:

© 2024 Republic. All rights reserved.

BIG STORIES

18 NEW

QUICK

LIVE TV

VIDEO

republicworld.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 452 TCF vendor(s) and 320 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.republicworld.com/sports/cricket/world-cup/t20-world-cup-nassau-county-stadium-average-score-capacity-schedule-of-matches-more 
 ----- 
