SKIP NAVIGATION
MARKETS
BUSINESS
INVESTING
TECH
POLITICS
VIDEO
INVESTING CLUB
PRO
LIVESTREAM
Search quotes, news & videos
WATCHLIST
SIGN IN

INTERNATIONAL SPORTS
T20 World Cup: USA beat Pakistan in historic triumph after thrilling Super Over win
PUBLISHED THU, JUN 6 202411:49 PM EDT
WATCH LIVE
Saurabh Netravalkar of USA celebrates after USA defeat Pakistan in a super over during the ICC Men’s T20 Cricket World Cup West Indies & USA 2024 match between USA and Pakistan at Grand Prairie Cricket Stadium on June 6, 2024 in Dallas.
Matt Roberts | ICC | Getty Images

The USA caused a huge, historic shock in the T20 World Cup with a thrilling Super Over win over Pakistan in Texas.

The game went to the extra over after both sides made 159 in their 20 overs at Grand Prairie Stadium, with tournament co-hosts and debutants USA scoring 14 in the final over to tie Pakistan’s total.

Batting first in the Super Over, the USA then ramped up the pressure on their opponents by making 18 for one, with Aaron Jones on 11 before being run out and seven runs coming via extras.

Iftikhar Ahmed then took Pakistan to five for none off three balls before he was brilliantly caught by Nitish Kumar close to the boundary and USA bowler Saurabh Netravalkar restricted them to 13 for one.

Having already beaten Canada in their opener last Sunday by seven wickets, Group A leaders USA now have a great chance of making the Super 8s round. The top two from the four groups progress to the last eight of the tournament.

More from Sky Sports
Coco Gauff calls for video replays after controversial decision during French Open loss
Lewis Hamilton issues warning over 2026 cars as drivers express fear over ‘slow’ speeds
England manager explains Euro 2024 squad omissions of Jack Grealish, Harry Maguire and James Maddison

USA captain Monank Patel, who won the official player of the match award, described the result as a “big achievement”

“Beating Pakistan, and playing for the first time, the way we played today I’m really proud of the boys,” he said.

“It was a complete team effort from first ball until the last ball. Winning the toss, we made sure that we utilized the conditions and credit to the bowlers.

“They kept them under 160 and we knew that 160 was chaseable target.”

Monank Patel of the U.S. national cricket team celebrates his half century (50 runs) during the ICC Men’s T20 Cricket World Cup match between the U.S. and Pakistan at Grand Prairie Cricket Stadium in Dallas on June 6, 2024.
Matt Roberts | ICC | Getty Images

Pakistan captain Babar Azam bemoaned his side’s batting performance.

“We didn’t capitalise with the bat and they took a lot of momentum,” he said. “We lost back-to-back wickets in the middle overs. As a batting unit you need to step up, you need to create partnerships and we didn’t do that.

“Credit to USA, they performed so well. They were better than us in all aspects of the game.”

How the USA got to the Super Over amid Pakistan fight back

In their regulation innings, Pakistan made a slow start, recovering from 26 for three in the fifth over to reach 159 for seven.

Pakistan captain Babar Azam hit two sixes in his 43-ball 44, Shadab Khan struck 40 off 25 deliveries and number eight Shaheen Afridi plundered 23 not out off 16.

The USA appeared to be cruising in reply, as they reached 104 for one in the 14th over.

Pakistan’s Captain Babar Azam plays a shot during the ICC men’s Twenty20 World Cup 2024 Group A cricket match between the USA and Pakistan at the Grand Prairie Cricket Stadium in Grand Prairie, Texas, on June 6, 2024. 
Andrew Caballero-Reynolds | AFP | Getty Images

Skipper Patel’s 38-ball 50 and Andries Gous’ 35 off 26 deliveries left them needing 56 to win off 44 balls.

But after Monank was dismissed in the 15th over it needed a six from Jones off the third last ball and a four from Kumar off the final delivery to tie the match and force the Super Over.

How significant is the win for cricket in the United States?

This is the first time that the ICC has staged a major tournament in the United States, who are sharing hosting duties with the West Indies.

Patel is confident their win over Pakistan, the 2009 champions and two-time runners-up, will prove a milestone moment for the game in the USA.

“Of course, beating Pakistan in a World Cup is going to open many doors for us,” he said.

“And people, like the USA cricket community, (will) be aware of it. Obviously hosting the World Cup in the USA and performing here as a team, it helps us to grow cricket in the USA.”

The United States had already turned heads ahead of the tournament by beating Bangladesh 2-1 in their warm-up series last month.

When asked if his side’s eye-catching series win over Bangladesh should no longer be considered a fluke, Patel said: “We are not worried about what people are saying.

“We know what we have worked (on) and what capability we have. And we just focus on the particular game.”

What’s next?

In one of the most rivalries in cricket, Pakistan next meet India meet in Group A of the Men’s T20 World Cup on Sunday, with the match in New York getting under way at 3.30pm UK and Ireland time. Build-up on Sky Sports Cricket begins at 3pm.

The USA’s next match is also against India, at the same New York venue, on Wednesday June 12 at 3.30pm.

Both matches are being played at the specially-constructed Nassau County Cricket Stadium on Long Island, where the ICC has promised to resolve issues with the pitch following the initial Sri Lanka-South Africa and then India-Ireland matches at the ground.

“T20 Inc and the ICC recognise that the pitches used so far at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium have not played as consistently as we would have all wanted,” read an ICC statement.

“The world-class grounds team have been working hard since the conclusion of yesterday’s game to remedy the situation and deliver the best possible surfaces for the remaining matches.”

Subscribe to CNBC PRO
Subscribe to Investing Club
Licensing & Reprints
CNBC Councils
Supply Chain Values
CNBC on Peacock
Join the CNBC Panel
Digital Products
News Releases
Closed Captioning
Corrections
About CNBC
Internships
Site Map
Ad Choices
Careers
Help
Contact
News Tips

Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you.

GET IN TOUCH
CNBC Newsletters

Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox

SIGN UP NOW

Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.

Advertise With Us
PLEASE CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
CA Notice
Terms of Service

© 2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. 
A Division of NBCUniversal

Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis.

Market Data Terms of Use and Disclaimers

Data also provided by

Due to the breadth of the advertising ecosystem, a variety of vendors may be used for different campaigns. While NBCUniversal lists all of our potential partners, a smaller selection may be used on any given website. We and our 822 partners collect information from your device, such as device identifiers, IP address, and your browser type to personalize and deliver content, marketing and advertising—across devices and platforms; for analytics and measurement, so we can improve our services and develop new ones; to match and combine offline data with your online activity; and for social features. We share this information with selected partners with your consent. By clicking “I Accept”, you consent to our use of these Cookies. Click Manage Choices to learn more about these. We will also use other Cookies that are essential for our site and Services, including for security and fraud prevention. To learn more about some of our partners select IAB and Google Vendors. You can adjust your preferences at any time via the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of relevant NBCUniversal websites or in-app settings. Visit our Cookie Notice and Privacy Policy to learn more.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
IAB and Google Vendors

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cnbc.com/2024/06/07/usa-beat-pakistan-in-historic-triumph-after-thrilling-super-over-win.html 
 ----- 
