Skip to content
Science of the Podium
Science of the Podium

Everything About Sports

News
Events
For Partnership
Nassau County International Cricket Stadium: What is a Drop-in Pitch and how is it installed?

Drop-in pitches have already created quite a buzz in the 2024 T20 World Cup. Why should Team India fans be worried? India will play three out of their four Group A matches at the Nassau International Cricket Stadium in New York. This also includes the big one between India and Pakistan on June 09th.

This is the same venue, which is making noise on social media, for its world-class infrastructure, and facilities. However, the discussions have now extended to the wicket as well, which for the record is a drop-in one.

https://twitter.com/T20WorldCup/status/1786004281260138692
What is a drop-in pitch?

As the name suggests, the drop-in pitch is a pitch – comprising soil, clay, and grass, that is prepared away from the ground. The same is then dropped into the site with the help of giant cranes, before the game. Once the usage is over, the pitches are removed and the ground can be used for other sports or activities.

How are the drop-in pitches made?

A quality drop-in pitch takes years to be cultivated. There are five steps involved in the preparation of a drop-in pitch.

a) Construction: The drop-in wicket is made off-site but utilizing a special tray system used for holding the pitch. The tray can be easily transported plus installed to the venue

b) Preparation: The method is similar to that of preparing traditional pitches. The main steps include pitch levelling, soil compacting, using the right amount of grass, and also the type of grass suitable to the venue and specific conditions.

c) Installation: The installation is done by using heavy-duty cranes, but first comes the transportation to the venue. The drop-in pitch is installed at a designated area on the field. It is important to ensure that the correct pitch dimension is cut in advance – in depth, width, and height, for the drop-in wicket to be securely fixed in place.

d) Maintenance: The drop-in pitch also requires regular maintenance like any other regular pitch, to keep it in a highly efficient working condition. Some of the steps include watering, rolling, mowing, and repairs if required.

e) Testing: it is critical to test the pitch before usage in a high-profile tournament. This is done to maintain the required standards. Some of the tests include bounce tests, roll tests, and others to determine the quality of the pitch.

When was the first-ever drop-in pitch used?

The first-ever drop-in pitch was used way back in the 1970s in Perth, Australia. The stadium was WACA, and the curator was John Maley in the Kerry Packer World Series.

Why are drop-in pitches used?

The drop-in pitches are used at stadiums/venues which are multi-purpose stadiums. This means the stadiums host sports other than cricket. The drop-in pitches are used during the cricket season. Once the season is over, the pitches are removed and preserved for the next season. This is done by using a cricket pitch tray. The wickets are moved with a machine to ensure minimal damage to the outfield.

Which grounds use drop-in pitches?

Australia and New Zealand primarily use drop-in pitches. The Eden Park in Auckland and Westpac Stadium in Wellington use drop-in pitches to host cricket, football, and rugby matches.

In the case of Australia, the iconic Melbourne Cricket Stadium (MCG), the Adelaide Oval, and the Opus Stadium in Perth use drop-in wickets.

What is a drop-in pitch dimension?

There is no specific dimension of a drop-in pitch. However, the MCG pitch is 24 meters long, 3 meters wide, 20 centimeters deep, and made up of black soil. They are prepared in steel frames.

Are there any downsides to a drop-in pitch?

The drop-in pitches are generally flat. Thus it takes away the natural speed and bounce that regular pitches are known for worldwide. The theory is that because drop-in pitches were prepared in steel casings that held them together, they didn’t crack and deteriorate.

Are drop-in pitches used in India?

Yes, the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad uses drop-in pitches. The Motera’s square has 11 wickets, all of them made with different soil – black, red, or a combination of both.

The Nassau International Cricket Stadium pitch is a drop-in one, prepared in Adelaide and then transported inside a shipping container to New York. The challenge lies in putting the trays together, the soil, and then putting the grass in.

Nassau International Cricket Stadium – 2024 T20 WC Schedule
Match	Date
Sri Lanka vs South Africa	June 03, 2024
India vs Ireland	June 05, 2024
Canada vs Ireland	June 07, 2024
New Zealand vs South Africa	June 08, 2024
India vs Pakistan	June 09, 2024
South Africa vs Bangladesh	June 10, 2024
Pakistan vs Canada	June 11, 2024
USA vs India	June 12, 2024

The debate between a drop-in pitch and a regular pitch will go on for decades. The rate at which cricket is changing, and the cricketers need to adapt to every challenge – playing on a drop-in wicket is one such challenge.

Also Read: Nassau International Cricket Stadium: More than you know

https://twitter.com/T20WorldCup/status/1797754561962168331
Share
Sports Sustainability: Let’s Play Environment Friendly and Responsibly
Kalaripayattu: Ancient Mastery Meets Modern Recognition in Khelo India
Best Nutrition and Diet for Female Athletes in India
Economic Impact of Sports Events on Host Cities in India
Prev
PREVIOUS
2024 T20 World Cup: What is the ICC’s Policy for Canceled or Postponed Matches? Will Spectators Receive a Refund?
NEXT
French Open 2024: Was Alexander Zverev Unlucky at Roland Garros, due to lack of Hawk Eye technology?
Next
Leave a Reply

You must be logged in to post a comment.

LINKS
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer
For further information, please visit-
WWW.1CONNECT.IN
Facebook
 
X-twitter
 
Linkedin-in
 
Instagram
 
Youtube
 
Whatsapp

Copyright: All rights reserved.
Reproduction of any content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of TheSportzPlanet is prohibited.  2024.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thesportzplanet.com/t20-world-cup-what-is-a-drop-in-pitch-and-how-is-it-installed/ 
 ----- 
