Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Miami Heat
TICKETS
PREMIUM
TEAM
SCHEDULE
MEDIA
COMMUNITY
HEAT NATION
SHOP
KASEYA CENTER
SEARCH
Coup’s Takeaways: HEAT Drop Double OT Heartbreaker In Sacramento As They Kick Off Long Road Trip
Couper Moorhead
January 7, 20251:22 AM EST

1. This is the sort of game that comes with the promise of healing, a salve needed after consecutive tough home losses back in Miami.

If this was going to be a feel-good sort of night, however, it clearly wasn’t going to be because it was a pretty offensive evening. The HEAT and Kings often play close games, but they’re typically more aesthetically pleasing than this one which began with two challenges in the first two minutes – Sacramento coach Doug Christie used his 14 seconds in – as rhythm was tough to come by for either side.

Tyler Herro was the early exception even as he saw early doubles, 12 points on 5-of-7 shooting while just about everyone else was missing, Miami getting by with a season-high eight makes in the upper paint while the Kings hung around with offensive boards.

The best way to sum up the first half? Sacramento led by three – Malik Monk came on strong with 15 after a rough start – despite sporting an Offensive Rating of 94.2. That kind of night, neither team getting much of anything at the rim and threes at a premium, the HEAT’s 5-of-16 mark from deep topping Sacramento’s 3-of-16. Any consistent source of second-half offense outside of Herro and Monk could be enough to take the game outright.

Keegan Murray answered the call with back-to-back threes early in the third, but the game reset to its low-percentage ways soon after that, both sides nearing the six-minute mark with fewer than 10 points in the period. Still, consecutive drives from Herro was enough to take the lead as Sacramento’s offense went haywire against a helping of zone. Then Terry Rozier joined the part, pushing Miami to a 19-4 run and an eight-point lead as the Kings continued to struggle for decent looks against the HEAT’s secondary coverage. After Haywood Highsmith topped off a 31-18 quarter by tossing in a falling-away offensive board, the lead grew to as much as 10.

Consecutive scores from Jovic – a hard drive into a mismatch followed by a pick-six from the top of the zone – got things off on the right foot as Sacramento, on their own back-to-back, just couldn’t find daylight inside. By the time Jaime Jaquez Jr. (16 points, 12 rebounds, 10 assists), continuing a fine overall evening, fake a defender out of his shoes, Miami was up by 17 that felt more like 27 given the grind-it-out nature of the evening.

That’s not how numbers work, however, and back-to-back Keon Ellis threes brought it back to nine midway through the quarter, the Kings still sending doubles at Herro. It was Herro (26 points on 25 shots), though, who halted an 11-0 run with a deep three at the shot-clock buzzer just as soon as the Kings closed within six.

Sacramento’s offensive rebounding kept them alive, forcing a clutch game, as Sabonis went to the line to tie it up with under a minute to go. DeMar DeRozan missed a jumper in his wheelhouse with a chance to take the lead, then it was Miami’s chance with 13 seconds left. Herro missed his pullup chance, well defended, soon after, and it was off to overtime.

A Terry Rozier three in overtime put Miami ahead, a pair of Bam Adebayo scores – one off a Highsmith fake handoff that froze Sacramento’s defense – offering a cushion, Sacramento missing poorly on their threes as the HEAT stayed in their zone. Kings jumped back in front on a Sabonis three with under a minute to go, Rozier then drawing a foul on an attempted putback of his own miss to put Miami back up one. Monk tried to get Highsmith in the air on a drive but Highsmith didn’t bite as he blocked Monk’s attempt, but the night wasn’t over as Jaquez Jr. missed both his free-throws, just over three seconds left. Ellis then got to the line by getting Adebayo (18 points on 19 shots) in the air and he missed one, tying it up and forcing another overtime.

Miami fell behind five early in the second extra period, their shots falling short, but a Highsmith three gave them life as they returned to a tie soon after. For a game that didn’t start pretty, this was all even less so. Then it was DeRozan pulling out a sidestep jumper, foot on the arc upon review, to go up three, and later another Sabonis offensive rebound led to a second DeRozan jumper, flat-footed with no dribble, to make it five. And that was it. Miami had the fourth quarter lead, survived into double overtime, and fell, 123-118, in the end, with a back-to-back on deck the next night.

2. This one wasn’t about shooting variance. It wasn’t about a huge turnover disparity or a lopsided margin on field-goal attempts. It was just an ugly, exciting game where nobody shot well, both sides needed some wild and wacky plays to keep things tight in all three instances of what were the final minutes, until DeRozan found the two biggest shots of an evening when he and Monk scored just 53 on 51 shots. Efficiency was the friend of nobody, even the victors.

The lasting takeaway once the disappointment subsides will be how difficult it was for the team – this is a team thing, not just on the individual – to get Herro into his comfort spots as Sacramento continued the recent strategies of Atlanta and Utah by pressuring Herro with second defenders, particularly Sabonis when Adebayo was called up for a screen. Herro handled that coverage well enough, particularly early when he flipped a couple passes into downhill scores, but Herro had zero attempts in the first overtime and just two in the second as it became increasingly risky to involve him in an action lest the ball be put into a precarious position against help. Miami’s offense, in the end, couldn’t afford the lack of Herro’s touches, and the past couple weeks seeing that same coverage provide the opportunity for learning and growth – not something anyone wants to hear after a loss like this but undoubtedly the on-court storyline that will be most relevant weeks from now. Drawing two to the ball is ultimately a gift that could unlock another level for Miami’s offense, but it takes a team to learn how to consistently take advantage of it.

3. For a time it looked like this would be another one you could chalk up to Miami’s zone, such were Sacramento’s struggles against the coverage. Without De’Aaron Fox’s intermediate floater game, and especially when Sabonis had to rest, removing a poised passer from the middle of the floor, Sacramento’s zone approach was often the same aimless, around-the-horn passing into a semi-contested three we’ve seen from so many opponents over the years. At one point, as Miami took that 17-point lead, Sacramento’s points-per-possession number against the zone had to have been below 0.50.

But one of the weaknesses of the zone is that defending an area makes it more difficult to box out a man, and with opponents tending to take more threes – which lead to longer rebounds – against zone it can create some high-variance rebounding situations. Miami has been an elite defensive rebounding team with Adebayo on the floor this season, as they often have – much less so with Adebayo on the bench – but the zone is the wrinkle that can change those numbers up, and 18 offensive boards leading to 23 second-chance points (only 1.00 points-per on putbacks, so relatively inefficient on all those opportunities) is how the Kings made their comeback and ultimately won despite and 82.4 first-shot Offensive Rating on halfcourt possessions. The last time a HEAT opponent won with a halfcourt rating that low was back in April of 2023.

Tags
Coups Takeaways
DeMar DeRozan
Malik Monk
News
Sacramento Kings
TERRY ROZIER
BAM ADEBAYO
HAYWOOD HIGHSMITH
TYLER HERRO
JAIME JAQUEZ JR.
TICKETS
All Ticket Plans
Single Game Tickets
Theme Nights & Offers
HEAT Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Group Tickets
SCHEDULE
Schedule & Scores
Road Rally Schedule
TEAM
Team Roster
Team Leaders
Game Notes
MEDIA
Team News
Videos
Photos
SHOP
New Arrivals
Men
Women
Jerseys
Headwear
HEAT NATION
HEAT App
HEAT Dancers
Burnie ‑ HEAT Mascot
HEAT Entertainment
Email Sign Up
HEAT Group Careers
Contact Us
Do Not Sell My Information
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/heat/news/coups-takeaways-heat-drop-double-ot-heartbreaker-in-sacramento-as-they-kick-off-long-road-trip 
 ----- 
