Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
Fitness & Wellbeing
Subscribe
Menu
NEWS
SPORT
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
INDYBEST
TRAVEL
LIVE
updated
1 year ago
SportCricket
England v New Zealand LIVE: Result and reaction from Cricket World Cup 2023 opener as Kiwis win by nine wickets

England take on New Zealand in the Cricket World Cup opener at the 132,000-seater Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad

Sonia Twigg
Thursday 05 October 2023 18:14 BST
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
Freddie Flintoff speaks on camera for first time since Top Gear horror crash
Sign up to our free sport newsletter for all the latest news on everything from cycling to boxing
SIGN UP
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our privacy policy

England’s World Cup defence began with a punishing nine-wicket defeat in Ahmedabad as New Zealand helped themselves to a slice of revenge four years in the making.

Organisers scheduled a repeat of the 2019 final to kick off this year’s tournament, but rather than a nail-biter to match the tension of that Lord’s classic, they had to settle for a thoroughly one-sided affair.

England needed a super over and a boundary countback to get their hands on the trophy last time around, but two majestic hundreds from Devon Conway and Rachin Ravindra meant the Black Caps romped home in the rerun with almost 14 overs to spare.

Conway finished 152 not out while his Wellington team-mate Ravindra reeled off an unbeaten 123 - more than double his previous ODI best.

The absence of Ben Stokes with a hip injury robbed the reigning champions of some middle-order firepower but their score of 282 for nine was nowhere near enough to constrain an outstanding Kiwi chase.

Follow the latest news and updates from England vs New Zealand below and get the latest match odds and tips here.

RECOMMENDED
England put to the sword by New Zealand in World Cup opener
Cricket World Cup 2023: Full schedule, fixtures and match dates
Will there be an opening ceremony for the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023?
CRICKET WORLD CUP 2023: ENGLAND VS NEW ZEALAND
England take on New Zealand in the opening match of the Cricket World Cup at the Narendra Modi Stadium, Ahmedabad
Ben Stokes misses World Cup opener with hip injury
New Zealand win the toss and decide to bowl first
England score 282-9 from their innings, New Zealand set 283 to win
Wicket! Conway out for a golden duck! New Zealand 10-1
Ravindra scores 50! New Zealand 99-1
Conway scores 50! New Zealand 106-1
Conway scores 100! New Zealand 193-1
Ravindra scores 100! New Zealand 214-1
New Zealand win by nine wickets!
1 year ago
New Zealand win World Cup opener by nine wickets

The Independent’s Sonia Twigg looks at where England can go from here:

All the anticipation, all the build-up, all the replays of the 2019 final, the World Cup started, and England were dealt a crushing nine-wicket defeat at the hands of New Zealand. This was a game that was definitely not decided by the ‘barest of margins’.

Jos Buttler was left to admit that his England side had been ‘completely outplayed’, but the sheer dominance of New Zealand against the defending champions was ruthless and significant.

England must take vital lesson from World Cup humiliation

England had no answers to the New Zealand onslaught in heavy nine-wicket defeat

Sonia Twigg5 October 2023 18:14
1 year ago
New Zealand win World Cup opener by nine wickets

Here’s the full match report:

England’s World Cup defence began with a punishing nine-wicket defeat in Ahmedabad as New Zealand helped themselves to a slice of revenge four years in the making.

Organisers scheduled a repeat of the 2019 final to kick off this year’s tournament, but rather than a nail-biter to match the tension of that Lord’s classic, they had to settle for a thoroughly one-sided affair.

England needed a super over and a boundary countback to get their hands on the trophy last time around, but two majestic hundreds from Devon Conway and Rachin Ravindra meant the Black Caps romped home in the rerun with almost 14 overs to spare.

England put to the sword by New Zealand in World Cup opener

Devon Conway and Rachin Ravindra hit unbeaten centuries as the Black Caps made light work of chasing 283

Sonia Twigg5 October 2023 16:37
1 year ago
New Zealand win World Cup opener by nine wickets

A final word from Buttler on Ben Stokes: “We’ll wait and see I think he’s working hard with the physios and fingers crossed he can get fit as soon as possible.”

Sonia Twigg5 October 2023 16:28
1 year ago
New Zealand win World Cup opener by nine wickets

Jos Buttler said: “A disappointing day, we were very much outplayed by New Zealand, and it’s tough to take but it is just one loss at the start of a long tournament.

“I think there’s a lot of guys in our team who have played a lot of cricket, we won’t get too down on ourselves, as much as we wouldn’t get too up on the other end as well.”

On batting: “I felt we were well below par, I felt like we were aiming for something like 330. I think we just lacked being a bit clinical with our execution, I think some of our dismissals were the right shots but not being executed right.”

On the New Zealand batting: “I think they’ve played some really good cricket shots and got good value for them. The two guys played exceptionally well and we were well beaten today.”

Sonia Twigg5 October 2023 16:26
1 year ago
New Zealand win World Cup opener by nine wickets

Root added: “It’s always cagey in opening games. We under-performed with the ball and that’s why the gulf was so big in this game.

“I think being more consistent with a good length early on when you have got a bit of assistance with seam movement and swing, I just feel like we leaked, and we gave them plenty of scoring opportunities both sides of the wicket.

“I don’t think we need to spend a huge amount of time talking about it, it’s pretty obvious where we went wrong it’s just about how we don’t find ourselves in this situation again.”

Sonia Twigg5 October 2023 16:21
1 year ago
New Zealand win World Cup opener by nine wickets

Joe Root said to Sky Sports: “I think we were just below par in all departments if we’re being really honest. batting-wise I don’t think we had the best of the conditions.

“Every time we felt like we were building something we lost a wicket.

“Going into the field I don’t think we delivered anything near what we were capable of. There’s so much cricket at this tournament and it’s very important that we don’t panic and we re-affirm what we are as a team.”

Sonia Twigg5 October 2023 16:19
1 year ago
New Zealand win World Cup opener by nine wickets

New Zealand won with 13 overs to spare...just let that sink in.

Rachin Ravindra said after the game when he received the player of the match award: “Sometimes it’s a little bit unbelievable at times but it was great to have a good day out.

“Luckily I had Devon out there to show me what to do and it was cool. I’ve spent a lot of time with him and we’re very close mates and having him out there definitely helped.”

On when he found out he would be batting three, Ravindra said: “I think it was yesterday, lucky enough I got the opportunity and we’ll see what happens.”

Sonia Twigg5 October 2023 16:18
1 year ago
New Zealand win by nine wickets!

In the two overs since drinks New Zealand have scored 36 runs. Although net run rate won’t matter for a while this is just hurting England.

It is a huge blow for the defending champions, not to lose but to be beaten in such a fashion having beaten the Kiwis in England during a pre-tournament bi-lateral series.

These two batters have been exceptional, especially Ravindra on World Cup debut, and they have demolished this England attack from the outset.

This has been a special victory and a memorable one, but England will have questions to answer before their next game.

Sonia Twigg5 October 2023 16:10
1 year ago
Conway 150! New Zealand 281-1 (36), Conway 151, Ravindra 122, Livingstone 0-24 (3) need 2 to win

The partnership is now 255 and getting bigger every minute, this could be the biggest partnership of the tournament, and it will certainly be difficult to beat.

Livingstone will have another, and there’s another boundary as Wood has to pick himself gingerly off the ground after diving for that one.

Conway has his 150, England have been hammered here by New Zealand.

Sonia Twigg5 October 2023 16:07
1 year ago
New Zealand 265-1 (35) Conway 140, Ravindra 117, Curran 1-47 (6) need 18 runs to win

Curran will try and change something, and Root tries to run after a high one but it has dropped over the rope, for a six just after the drinks break.

Did they get a message to start thinking about the run rate?

The next one is sent for four, this looks like they are in a hurry, a slower ball has been slapped to the boundary.

The partnership is now over 250. That was a brilliant over from the batters.

Sonia Twigg5 October 2023 16:03
Newer
1
 / 14
Older
More aboutEngland cricketNew Zealand CricketJos ButtlerAhmedabadCricket World Cup
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

Comments
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Subscribe
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.independent.co.uk/sport/cricket/england-vs-new-zealand-live-cricket-scores-result-b2424482.html 
 ----- 
