Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
LIVE on FOX: Padres-Dodgers NLDS Game 5
Share
LIVE on FOX: Padres-Dodgers NLDS Game 5
October 12th, 2024

Juan Toribio

@juanctoribio

AJ Cassavell

@AJCassavell
Share

LOS ANGELES -- The Padres and Dodgers have gone back and forth all season. They opened the year by splitting two classic games in South Korea in March. They spent the summer trading blows. Through four games of the National League Division Series, there’s been nothing to separate them.

So it comes down to this: Winner-take-all on Friday night at Dodger Stadium.

“It’s going to be a fun Game 5,” said Padres right fielder Fernando Tatis Jr.

These teams departed Dodger Stadium on Sunday amid plenty of drama -- fans throwing baseballs in the direction of Padres players, a Padres player throwing a baseball in the direction of the Dodgers manager.

But with the stakes as high as they could possibly be, the focus will be on the on-field drama: two arch-rivals squaring off with a chance to play for an NL pennant. The Dodgers’ Yoshinobu Yamamoto faces the Padres’ Yu Darvish in the first matchup of Japanese-born starters in postseason history.

The Mets have already clinched their spot in the NLCS. But which of these two teams will host Game 1 on Sunday?

“For me to see our guys go through what they've been through and respond the way they have,” said Dodgers manager Dave Roberts, “really makes me excited about Game 5.”

Here’s everything you need to know about Game 5.

When is the game and how can I watch it?
Game 5 of the best-of-five series is airing on FOX.

All games are available in the U.S. on MLB.TV (authentication to a participating Pay TV provider is required). Live games are also available in select countries outside the U.S. For full details, click here.

Who are the starting pitchers?
Padres: Yu Darvish (7-3, 3.31 ERA)
In his last start, Darvish limited the Dodgers to one run across seven innings in arguably the finest postseason start of his career. He spent a sizable portion of the season on the injured list, then the restricted list. But he’s made six starts since returning -- and the Padres have won all six.

Related
Dodgers trade Cartaya to Twins for RHP Jose Vasquez

35 minutes ago

Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Dodgers deal Lux to Reds for OF prospect, Draft pick

January 7th, 2025

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

37 minutes ago

Padres look to continue success in signing top int'l prospects

4:29 PM UTC

What are Padres' plans behind the plate?

January 6th, 2025

Friars breathe easy with Darvish set for decisive Game 5: 'He's the one'

Dodgers: Yoshinobu Yamamoto (7-2, 3.00 ERA)
The Dodgers waited until after their off-day workout Thursday to reveal Yamamoto as their starter. Game 2 starter Jack Flaherty also is on full rest. Given how well the bullpen game worked in Game 4, the Dodgers could be quick to turn things over to the relievers if Yamamoto labors early.

What are the starting lineups?
Padres: The Padres can’t afford to sit David Peralta now, and they didn't for Game 5. Behind Tatis, he’s been perhaps their best hitter this series. Peralta and Donovan Solano split time for most of the season, but manager Mike Shildt went with the hot bat in Peralta.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

1. Luis Arraez, 1B
2. Fernando Tatis Jr., RF
3. Jurickson Profar, LF
4. Manny Machado, 3B
5. Jackson Merrill, CF
6. Xander Bogaerts, SS
7. David Peralta, DH
8. Jake Cronenworth, 2B
9. Kyle Higashioka, C

Dodgers: Freddie Freeman is back at the three-hole, with the Dodgers going with their original lineup in Game 4 before the star first baseman was scratched with his badly sprained right ankle.

1. Shohei Ohtani, DH
2. Mookie Betts, RF
3. Freddie Freeman, 1B
4. Teoscar Hernández, LF
5. Max Muncy, 3B
6. Will Smith, C
7. Kiké Hernández, CF
8. Gavin Lux, 2B
9. Tommy Edman, SS

How will the bullpens line up after each team's starter?
Padres: The Padres avoided using any of their highest-leverage arms in Wednesday’s Game 4 blowout loss, which means they’ll have a completely fresh ’pen for the series finale. Jason Adam and Tanner Scott will set up closer Robert Suarez. Righty Jeremiah Estrada and lefty Adrian Morejon could cover the middle innings. It seems unlikely, but there’s a possibility ace Michael King could be available in relief.

Dodgers: Given that it’s an elimination game, it’ll be another all-hands-on-deck approach for the Dodgers. Flaherty could be available in relief for length.

Any injuries of note?
Padres: Ha-Seong Kim (right shoulder) and Joe Musgrove (elbow) are both slated to undergo surgery and are out for the rest of the postseason.

Dodgers: Freeman and Rojas both missed Game 4 with their respective injuries. Of the two, it’s more likely that Freeman suits up for the Dodgers in Game 5.

Who is hot and who is not?
Padres: Tatis continues to mash. He leads the postseason with four home runs, while hitting .500 with a 1.759 OPS. Even his outs are scorched. But Luis Arraez hasn’t done much table-setting for Tatis in the leadoff spot. He’s just 3-for-18 in the NLDS with three singles (though he’s been surprisingly excellent at first base defensively).

Dodgers: After a slow start to the series in the first two games, Mookie Betts heated up at Petco Park for the Dodgers. Betts has hit a homer in back-to-back postseason games for the first time in his career and has given the Dodgers the boost they desperately needed.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Los Angeles Dodgers
San Diego Padres

AJ Cassavell covers the Padres for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

2:56 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

Can this AL West team swoop in on Sasaki?

January 8th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/padres-vs-dodgers-nlds-game-5-starting-lineups-and-pitching-matchup 
 ----- 
