We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1467 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE

Wisden

Search
SEARCH
Looking for...
Ben Stokes
Virat Kohli
Border-Gavaskar Trophy
Joe Root
IPL Auction
Perth Test
Rohit Sharma
Kane Williamson
GLOBAL

Change Edition

UK
Asia
India
Global
HOME
NEWS
SCORES
LIVE SCORES
FIXTURES
RESULTS
INTERNATIONAL
AUSTRALIA VS INDIA (M)
SOUTH AFRICA VS PAKISTAN (M)
INDIA VS WEST INDIES (W)
ZIMBABWE VS AFGHANISTAN (M)
NEW ZEALAND VS SRI LANKA (M)
CHAMPIONS TROPHY
WOMEN'S ASHES
FEATURES
VIDEOS
PHOTOS
QUIZZES
DAILY QUIZ
QUIZ ARCHIVE
ABOUT WISDEN
WISDEN PODCASTS
WISDEN CRICKETERS' ALMANACK
THE WISDEN STORY
WISDEN CRICKET MONTHLY
CONTACT US
RECORDS
CRICKETBET

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Youtube

Patreon

Afghanistan in Bangladesh 2023

Home
News
Fixtures & Results
Squads
Teams
Watch: Karim Janat takes last-over hat-trick, concedes boundaries either side as Bangladesh edge Afghanistan in thriller | BAN vs AFG
Jul 14, 2023 
2 minute read
AFGHANISTAN IN BANGLADESH 2023
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on WhatsApp
Copy Link

Watch: Karim Janat was at the centre of a thrilling last over in the first Bangladesh-Afghanistan T20I where he took a hat-trick but wasn’t able to prevent the hosts from getting over the line today (July 14) in Sylhet.

Subscribe to the Wisden Cricket YouTube channel for post-match analysis, player interviews, and much more.

Bangladesh won the toss in the first T20I of the two-match series in Sylhet and elected to field first. They made early inroads as the first four Afghanistan wickets fell for 52 runs to four different Bangladesh bowlers.

Mohammad Nabi then resurrected the Afghan innings at No.5, scoring an unbeaten 40-ball 54. He was supported by Najibullah Zadran and Azmatullah Omarzai as the visitors managed to cross 150 and ended with 154-7 from their 20 overs.

Bangladesh got off to a similar start as Afghanistan, as they were reduced to 64-4 in the 11th over. Towhid Hridoy then took control of the chase and was ably supported by Shamim Hossain, who scored 33 off 25 batting at No.6.

[breakout id=”0″][/breakout]

It came down to six needed off the last over. Afghanistan had the option to go with Omarzai, Nabi, Fareed Khan, or Janat. They decided to give Janat the ball.

The first ball was smashed through wide of long off for four by Mehidy Hasan bringing the equation down to two off five balls. Bangladesh should ideally have cruised to victory from that position, but they didn’t. In fact, the next three balls resulted in three wickets, each dismissal coming off a short ball as the Bangladesh batters tried to go for the glory shot one by one and hit the fielders instead.

With two required from two, and eight wickets down, the hosts were suddenly in a spot of bother. But Shoriful Islam, the left-arm seamer who had a poor outing with the ball, conceding 30 runs off his three overs for one wicket in the first innings, came out at No.10 and cut a short and wide ball perfectly past point for four to hand the hosts a thrilling two-wicket victory.

Watch Janat take a hat-trick and concede boundaries either side of it as Bangladesh edge out Afghanistan in a thriller:

For viewers in India:

For viewers outside India:

LATEST NEWS
View More
Watch: Rashid Khan showcases lightning reactions, takes one-handed diving stunner to dismiss Litton Das | BAN vs AFG
Jul 17, 2023
Afghanistan in Bangladesh 2023
BAN vs AFG, where to watch T20Is live: TV channels, live streaming & match timings for Bangladesh v Afghanistan
Jul 13, 2023
Afghanistan in Bangladesh 2023
Watch: Rahmanullah Gurbaz smashes eight sixes in record-breaking, series-winning century v Bangladesh
Jul 09, 2023
Afghanistan in Bangladesh 2023
Watch: Mujeeb Ur Rahman rips out Bangladesh No.3’s off stump with wickedly drifting carrom ball to set up seismic, series-sealing win
Jul 09, 2023
Afghanistan in Bangladesh 2023
SERIES IN FOCUS
Australia vs India (M) 2024-25
Nov 22 - Jan 03, 2024-25
Champions Trophy 2025
Feb 19 - Mar 09, 2025
South Africa vs Pakistan (M) 2024 - 25
Dec 10 - Jan 03, 2024 - 25
World Test Championship 2023 - 25
Jun 16-Feb 06, 2023 - 25
Home
Series
News
Watch: Karim Janat takes last-over hat-trick, concedes boundaries either side as Bangladesh edge Afghanistan in thriller | BAN vs AFG
About Wisden
The Wisden Story
Wisden Cricketers' Almanack
Wisden Cricket Monthly
Wisden Podcasts
Wisden Contributors
Contact us
Terms
Cookie Notice
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Return Policy

© 2024 Indie Space, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. Indie Space may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wisden.com/series/afghanistan-in-bangladesh-2023/cricket-news/watch-karim-janat-hat-trick-bangladesh-edge-afghanistan-in-thriller 
 ----- 
