Friday, January 10, 2025, 6:07PM |   20°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
5
MORE
'He's got a good swing': Pirates' Nick Yorke tallies first three MLB hits in loss to Cardinals
Bailey Falter only needed one more out for a quality start
 
NOAH HILES
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
nhiles@post-gazette.com
 SEP 18, 2024 2:20 AM
64

ST. LOUIS — Sitting in last place of the National League Central Division with less than two weeks remaining in the regular season, 2025 is undoubtedly on the minds of those within the Pirates organization. While the goal, they say, is to still win each evening, signs of progress from those who will be around next year are a welcomed consolation prize.

The club has expressed numerous times the importance of rookie starters Paul Skenes and Jared Jones ending their first big league campaigns on a high note. Earlier this month, Billy Cook joined in on the future conversation by putting together a strong big league debut. And on Tuesday, one day after playing his first contest in the majors, Nick Yorke did the same, tallying three hits in the Pirates 3-1 loss to the Cardinals at Busch Stadium.

"Good at-bats,” manager Derek Shelton said of Yorke. “I think it shows why we acquired this guy. He's got a good swing."

Acquired from the Red Sox in exchange for right-hander Quinn Priester at the trade deadline, Yorke was red-hot at the plate during his brief time in the Pirates’ minor league system, slashing .355/.431/.507 in 40 games with Triple-A Indianapolis. That production was enough to earn the 22-year-old his first trip to the show.

"I think he deserves it,” Shelton said of Yorke on Monday. “He's a guy that we acquired at the deadline and has done really well in Triple-A all year long. As we move forward the next two weeks, he's someone we want to get a look at, because we think he's going to be a part of our future."

After going 0-for-3 with a stolen base Monday, Yorke provided an optimistic glimpse into the future, tagging Cardinals’ starter Lance Lynn for a single to center field for his first big league knock. He followed that with two more singles in his final two at-bats of the game, the final coming with two outs in the ninth inning against All-Star closer Ryan Helsley. Yorke was the lone Pirate to finish with a multi-hit effort Tuesday.

“At the end of the day, whoever it is on the mound, I’m going to do my best to try to get a base hit and find a barrel,” Yorke said. “Just got a pitch I could handle there.”

On the mound

Pirates’ starter Bailey Falter was one out shy of a quality start, allowing just two earned runs on four hits and a pair of walks while striking out three. But another poor night at the plate from his team made him the game’s losing pitcher, dropping him to 8-8 on the year.

"I thought he did a good job,” Shelton said of Falter. “Two runs, he made one pitch to Walker that was a homer, but overall, I thought he was extremely effective. He executed pitches and kinda kept them off balance. We just couldn't get runs for him."

Falter danced out of trouble throughout the bulk of his outing, getting a pair of well-time double play balls and stranding four runners in scoring position. His first run allowed came in the bottom of the third, when Luken Baker tripled home Michael Siani. His second allowed run came the following inning on a solo homer he surrendered to Jordan Walker.

“I felt pretty good,” Falter said. “The routine was a little off today. The mechanics were a little out of whack. I went to the stretch there a little bit. I have to be better with the stolen bases and the walks. Too many free passes. Could’ve given my team a better chance. Gotta clean some stuff up.”

Dennis Santana surrendered the Cardinals’ third and final run of the evening in the top of the ninth on a sacrifice fly by Nolan Arenado. The run snapped Santana’s streak of 19 ⅓ scoreless innings, which was tied for the longest active streak in MLB entering Tuesday.

At the plate

Bryan De La Cruz was responsible for Pittsburgh’s lone run in the evening, smashing a solo homer to center field in the top of the second off Lynn, the game’s winning pitcher. The longball marked his 20th of the season and second since being traded to the Pirates on July 30.

"He had a couple of good swings,” Shelton said. “The ball he hit to right in the eighth was also good contact. Ball out in front, so that's encouraging."

The Pirates finished the evening with eight hits to the Cardinals’ five. Shelton’s club is now 49-18 when out-hitting the opponent. Pittsburgh has now scored 27 runs in its 11 games against St. Louis this season.

They said it

“It’s super cool to start in Double-A and get your first hit in the major leagues in the same year,” Yorke said. “It’s pretty cool.”

Up next

Wednesday: Pirates at Cardinals, 7:45 p.m., Busch Stadium

TV, radio: SportsNet Pittsburgh, KDKA-FM (93.7)

Probable pitchers: RHP Jake Woodford (0-6, 8.01) for Pirates; RHP Sonny Gray (13-9, 3.75) for Cardinals.

Key matchup: Bryan De La Cruz has hit safely in his past seven games against the Cardinals.

Hidden stat: Andrew McCutchen has 933 runs as a Pirate, which is three shy of tying Arky Vaughan for 10th most in franchise history.

Thursday: Pirates at Cardinals, 7:15 p.m., Busch Stadium

Probable pitchers: RHP Mitch Keller (11-10, 3.87) for Pirates; RHP Erick Fedde (8-9, 3.45) for Cardinals.

First Published: September 18, 2024, 2:20 a.m.
Updated: September 18, 2024, 12:14 p.m.

Noah Hiles covers the Pirates for the Post-Gazette. He previously covered Pitt athletics.
  nhiles@post-gazette.com
  @_NoahHiles
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
SPORTS
Penn State unable to overcome familiar issues in Orange Bowl defeat
BUSINESS
Well plugging in Western Pa. could speed up under deal reached with West Virginia landowners
NEWS
Pittsburgh to settle some lawsuits for $170K in 2018 bar brawl between Pagans, undercover cops
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: Analyzing James Franklin, Drew Allar and blame game after brutal Penn State loss
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 5:48am  Jason Mackey
2
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' last playoff game in Baltimore had a surreal ending
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 10:30am  Gerry Dulac
3
NEWS
What to know about norovirus as it surges in Allegheny County and beyond
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 9:00am  Hanna Webster
4
NEWS
Pine-Richland School Board meeting on controversial book policy turns heated
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 4:40pm  Megan Tomasic
5
NEWS
'It’s inhumane': Two men charged in brutal 'unprovoked attack' at Aliquippa VFW
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 10:40pm  Megan Guza
Jeff Roberson/Associated Press
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
End of an era? Najee Harris introspective as Steelers career could be coming to a close
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' last playoff game in Baltimore had a surreal ending
Jason Mackey: Analyzing James Franklin, Drew Allar and blame game after Penn State's CFP loss to Notre Dame
3 Steelers named NFL All-Pros, led by pair of 1st-teamers
Pitt-Louisville preview: Cardinals roll into Pittsburgh riding long winning streak
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/pirates/2024/09/17/pirates-cardinals-nick-yorke-bailey-falter-bryan-de-la-cruz-mlb/stories/202409110150 
 ----- 
