BAN vs NED
Summary
Scorecard
MVP
Report
Commentary
Stats
Overs
Table
News
Videos
Photos
RESULT
27th Match, Group D, Kingstown, June 13, 2024, ICC Men's T20 World Cup
BAN
159/5
NED
(20 ov, T:160) 134/8

Bangladesh won by 25 runs

Powered by Smart Stats
Win Probability
BAN 100%
NED 0.00%
BAN
NED
100%
50%
100%
BAN Innings
NED Innings

Over 20 • NED 134/8

Tim Pringle b Taskin Ahmed 1 (10b 0x4 0x6 16m) SR: 10
W
Bangladesh won by 25 runs
Summary
Scorecard
MVP
Report
Commentary
Stats
Overs
Table
News
Videos
Photos
REPORT
Shakib, Rishad and Mustafizur take Bangladesh one step closer to Super Eight

Thanks to this result, Sri Lanka are out of contention to qualify from Group D

Ashish Pant
13-Jun-2024
1:52

Rapid Fire Review: Rishad changed the course of the game

Bangladesh 159 for 5 (Shakib 64*, Tanzid 35, Van Meekeren 2-15, Dutt 2-17) beat Netherlands 134 for 8 (Engelbrecht 33, Vikramjit 26, Rishad 3-33, Taskin 2-30, Mustafizur 1-12) by 25 runs

Bangladesh made a big stride towards securing a Super Eights berth at the T20 World Cup 2024 with a confident 25-run win over Netherlands in the first international fixture in Kingstown in close to a decade.

It was a welcome return to form for Shakib Al Hasan, who scored his first fifty in 20 T20I innings to shepherd Bangladesh to 159 for 5. Netherlands made a good fist of the chase, moving to 111 for 3 in the 15th over. But legspinner Rishad Hossain struck three times in four balls spread across two overs to change the course of the game.

RELATED

Shakib has arrived at the T20 World Cup, finally

Shakib: 'Happy with the way I contributed, it wasn't an easy wicket'

With Shakib and Mustafizur Rahman tightening the screws alongside Rishad, Netherlands fell in a heap, losing 4 for 6 in the space of 16 balls. They still had an outside chance with 36 needed off the last two overs, but Mustafizur Rahman's cutters proved too much to handle in the 19th over. He kept slanting the ball across, and the batters kept swishing and missing. He conceded just three runs in that over, having given away just one in the 17th, and Netherlands were eventually restricted to 134 for 8.

Bangladesh fly away despite Dutt's strikes

With the Bangladesh top order studded with left-handers, Netherlands brought Aryan Dutt in for his first game of the tournament and he immediately repaid their faith. Introduced in the second over, he removed the Bangladesh captain with his second ball. It was an innocuous length ball outside off, which Najmul Hossain Shanto reverse-swept straight to first slip.

Dutt struck again in his next over, with a lot of help from Sybrand Engelbrecht. Litton Das eyed a slog-sweep only to get a top-edge well in front of square. But Engelbrecht, stationed behind square, sprinted to his left , put out a full-length dive and picked up a screamer inches off the turf.

Despite the early losses, Bangladesh continued to score at a fair clip. Tanzid Hasan struck Vivian Kingma for two fours and a six in the third over before Shakib picked another four off Paul van Meekeren in the fifth. Shakib then laid into Logan van Beek in the sixth over, smashing him for four fours to take Bangladesh to 54 for 2, comfortably their highest powerplay score of the tournament.

1:42

Maharoof: Shakib was prepared for Netherlands' short-ball tactics

The middle-overs squeeze

Netherlands weren't backing down, though. Captain Scott Edwards rung in the changes and the bowlers made sure to stick to their lengths. According to ESPNcricinfo's logs, Netherlands only veered into the full lengths four times in 10 overs from the seventh to the 16th, and Bangladesh's scoring rate dropped. The pressure told on Tanzid, who mistimed a pull to deep backward square leg in the ninth over, while Towhid Hridoy had his leg stump flattened by Tim Pringle in the 13th. Bangladesh managed only 58 runs in the middle ten overs with five fours and a six, and lost two wickets.

Shakib the glue as Bangladesh end strongly

The last time Shakib scored a fifty in T20Is was in October 2022 against Pakistan. At the T20 World Cup, he hadn't breached the half-century mark since 2016. But on this crucial day, Bangladesh's stalwart stood tall.

He scored his first seven runs at a run-a-ball, and picked up his once he got the hang of the surface. And even when the runs dried up in the middle phase, he kept rotating strike without panicking. He reached his fifty off 38 balls and hit de Leede for back-to-back fours in the final over to finish unbeaten on 64 off 46 balls, his innings studded with nine fours.

There were important contributions from Mahmudullah (25 off 21) and Jaker Ali (14* off seven) as Bangladesh collected 47 runs off the last four overs.

Bas de Leede is stumped off Rishad Hossain•ICC/Getty Images

Bangladesh keep chipping away

With 349 runs in nine innings, Michael Levitt came into this tournament as Netherlands' highest run-scorer in T20Is since the start of 2024. However, he's had a dismal start to his T20 World Cup with scores of 1 and 0 against Nepal and South Africa. He seemed to change the tide against Bangladesh when he drove Mustafizur through the covers in the first over. Then, when he smashed Taskin Ahmed over the roof at deep midwicket, it seemed his campaign was back on track.

But Levitt's joy was short-lived. In the fifth over, he top-edged a cut off Taskin to Hridoy at point. In the next over, Max O'Dowd smashed a length ball straight back to Tanzim Hasan, and Netherlands ended the powerplay at 36 for 2.

Vikramjit Singh hit Shakib for back-to-back sixes in the seventh over and slog-swept Rishad over deep midwicket in the ninth. His sprightly 16-ball knock was cut short when he was stumped, walking past a tossed-up delivery from Mahmudullah. But at 69 for 3 in the tenth over, Netherlands were still in with a chance.

Rishad triple-strike gives Bangladesh the W

Netherlands seemed to be giving Bangladesh a proper fight when Engelbrecht and Edwards were at the crease. The duo ran superbly and got the boundaries at regular intervals during a 31-ball stand of 42 for the fourth wicket.

When Rishad was brought on to bowl the 15th over, Netherlands required 56 off 36. The legspinner's first two overs had gone for 19 and he knew this over could decide the match. It did, in Bangladesh's favour.

With his fourth ball, he got Engelbrecht to top-edge a legbreak straight up, with Tanzim taking the catch at point. Two balls later, he had de Leede stumped with a ball that spun sharply past his outside edge. Mustafizur then got into the act by taking out Edwards, and when Rishad sent back Logan van Beek at the start of the 18th over, the game was as good as done.

Dutt struck a six off Rishad later in that over, but he and Pringle had no answers to Mustafizur's cutters in the 19th. Eventually, Netherlands fell well short of their target. The result does not knock them out of contention, nor does it give Bangladesh a sure-shot place in the Super Eight. It has, however, knocked Sri Lanka out, and given Bangladesh an excellent chance of advancing from Group D.

Shakib Al Hasan
Rishad Hossain
Mustafizur Rahman
Aryan Dutt
Bangladesh
Netherlands
Bangladesh vs Netherlands
ICC Men's T20 World Cup

Ashish Pant is a sub-editor with ESPNcricinfo

Download the 
Android
 and 
iOS
 apps for a better experience.
Get latest cricket updates on WhatsApp
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Interest-Based Ads
|
EU Privacy Rights
|
Cookie Policy
|
Feedback
|
Manage Privacy Preferences
|
© 2025 ESPN Sports Media Ltd. All rights reserved
Home
Matches
Series
Videos
News
 

Your Privacy Settings
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. We work with 873 partners. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time through the “Manage Privacy Preferences” link on each page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. For additional information, please visit our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to:

Store and/or access information on a device. Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
Continue without Accepting
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espncricinfo.com/series/icc-men-s-t20-world-cup-2024-1411166/bangladesh-vs-netherlands-27th-match-group-d-1415727/match-report 
 ----- 
