HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

FIFA WORLD CUP QUALIFIERS

Indonesia vs Iraq Predicted lineup, betting tips, odds, injury news, H2H, telecast | 2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers
Published at :
June 5, 2024 at 8:51 AM
Modified at :
June 5, 2024 at 8:51 AM

Govind

0
0
The Lions of Mesopotamia are leading Group F with 12 points.

The Indonesia national football team are currently in second place in Group F of the 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian Qualifiers Second Round. After four group fixtures, the results have been two wins, a draw and a defeat. Their last game of Group F was against Vietnam which they won emphatically by 3-0.

Iraq national football team led by Spanish coach Jesús Casas are running riots in the same group as Indonesia. In the last game, they thrashed the Philippines by a 5-0 scoreline. The Lions of Mesopotamia have won all four of their group fixtures thus leading the standings with 12 points.

Kick-Off:

Thursday, 6 June 2024 at 2:30 PM IST

Location: Gelora Bung Karno Stadium

Form

Indonesia (in all competitions): D-W-W-L-L

Iraq (in all competitions): W-W-L-W-W

Players to Watch
Thom Haye (Indonesia)

In the 3-0 win over Vietnam, Thom Haye made his first appearance for the national side of Indonesia. Haye was brilliant for Shin Tae-yong’s side. The 29-year-old midfielder even assisted a goal in that game.

Aymen Hussein (Iraq)

Aymen Hussein was the star of the show against the Philippines. Hussein was leading the squad as a forward. In the 5-0 win, Iraq‘s number 18 scored a brace of goals.

Match Facts
The hosts have two wins with clean sheets in the last two Group F games of the second round
The visitors have only conceded a single goal in total four games of the second round
The reverse fixture saw Iraq humble Indonesia by a 5-1 scoreline win
Indonesia vs Iraq: Betting tips and odds
Tip 1: Iraq to keep a clean sheet – 6/5 with Bet365
Tip 2: Iraq to win this game – 3/4 with Bet365
Tip 3: Match to end with total goals over 2.5 – 19/17 with VBet
Trending World Football Articles:
Top five most successful English clubs of all-time
Managers with most trophies in football history
Top 10 most valuable teams in MLS 2024
Euro 2024: Start date, end date, telecast & more
Top 10 clubs with most Premier League titles
Injury & Team News

In the game against Vietnam, on 26 March, Ragnar Oratmangoen started as Indonesia’s right winger. That was his first appearance for his national side. The 26-year-old delivered a goal to prove he was the right man for selection. Unfortunately, he suffered a hip injury on May 12 which rules him out for his second outing in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.

The visitors have no known injuries or suspensions at the moment.

Head to Head

Total Matches – 8

Indonesia wins – 1

Iraq wins – 5

Draws – 2

Predicted Lineup
Indonesia predicted lineup (4-3-3):

Ari (GK); Ridho, Idzes, Tjoe-A-On, Mangkualam; Hubner, Ferdinan, Haye; Maulana Vikri, Caraka, Sulaeman

Iraq predicted lineup (4-2-3-1):

Hasan (GK); Ali, Natiq, Tahseen, Sulaka; Hadi, Al-Ammari; Iqbal, Jasim, Bayesh; Hussein

Match Prediction for Indonesia vs Iraq

Iraq are leading Group F due to their incredible performance so far. In the reverse fixture, Tim Garuda had lost 5-1 and are likely to get defeated once again.

Prediction: Indonesia 0-4 Iraq

Telecast for Indonesia vs Iraq

The 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifier clash between Indonesia and Iraq will take place at the Gelora Bung Karno Stadium on June 6. It will kick off at 2:30 PM IST. Sports 18 will be broadcasting the match, and it can also be watched for free online on Jio Cinema and Jio TV.

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
What does Mumbai City FC need to do in January transfer window?
List of Jamshedpur FC coaches and their performance in ISL
Former Real Madrid scout reveals Florentino Perez might sell Vinicius Jr to keep Kylian Mbappe
San Diego emerge as potential destination for Kevin De Bruyne next summer
Alisson Becker speaks on Liverpool's playing style under Jurgen Klopp vs Arne Slot
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
What does Mumbai City FC need to do in January transfer window?
List of Jamshedpur FC coaches and their performance in ISL
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Top five managers with most FA Cup trophies
List of Mohun Bagan coaches and their performance in ISL
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Click to get a quick sum

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/world-football-indonesia-vs-iraq-2026-fifa-world-cup-qualifiers-match-preview-202406 
 ----- 
