Mets cherish 'special' Pete Alonso as slugger makes history amid uncertain future
Alonso's two homers in Sunday's 6-3 win over the Mariners secured a series victory and individual accomplishment
9/3/2023, 10:44 PM

Garrett Stepien

Freelance Editorial Producer
0 seconds of 0 secondsVolume 0%
 

Pete Alonso's lingering contract situation and the Mets' sub-.500 season have conjured trade rumors and speculation about the slugger's long-term future in New York, but Sunday's 6-3 win over the Seattle Mariners was a reminder of what the three-time All-Star first baseman brings to the table.

Two home runs in the Mets' series-clinching victory against the AL West-leading Mariners doubled as a historic feat for the fifth-year pro. Up to 41 homers and 100 RBI this year, the 2023 campaign is Alonso's third with 40 or more long balls in his first three or more seasons.

He joins Ralph Kiner (four), Albert Pujols, Ryan Howard (three) and Eddie Mathews (three) on a short list in the MLB record books.

"He's special," Mets manager Buck Showalter said of Alonso. "Through thick and thin, we know one thing -- Pete's going to walk through the doors as the same guy every day. And he's a pleasure to be around. He never has a bad day. He cares about his teammates. He cares about the Mets. And to see guys like him have success, it makes it even more enjoyable. ... He wants us to be good every day, and he takes on that responsibility. He wears it -- internally, a lot. But we're lucky to have him."

The 28-year-old Alonso is slashing .254/.345/.533 with 187 homers and 480 RBI since his call-up for Mets Opening Day to start the 2019 season -- one in which he broke Aaron Judge's rookie home run record and led the big leagues at 53 long balls on the year.

"It seems like yesterday I was in my rookie season, but this is my fifth year -- time flies," Alonso said. "It means a lot. This place has been extremely special to me. New York's treated me so incredibly well. I've had some incredible, incredible coaches -- not just here in the big leagues but in the minor leagues, coming through the system. I've had some great teammates at every single level. It's been awesome. It's been really awesome so far and it's a blessing, for sure."

While Francisco Lindor "would hope so" that the Mets keep Alonso on a new deal, the shortstop echoed Showalter's point about Alonso's daily approach.

"We've all been part of trades," Lindor said. "And it's going to happen again, and it's going to probably happen to me -- it's going to happen to everybody. ... If you're knowledgeable and you understand the game, everybody knows that's part of the game. Until a contract is done, we can end up anywhere."


SHARE
TAGS

Mets

#

Pete Alonso

#

Garrett Stepien

POPULAR IN THE COMMUNITY
About SNY
Advertise with SNY
Get SNY
Studios
Contact
Jobs
Internships
Privacy Policy
Closed Captioning
Terms of Use

Owned and operated by SportsNet New York, part of the SNY Blog Network. SNY trademarks and copyrights are the property of SportsNet New York, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sny.tv/articles/mets-cherish-special-pete-alonso-as-slugger-makes-history-amid-uncertain-future 
 ----- 
