Randy Arozarena of the Tampa Bay Rays was left by himself at home plate as his teammates celebrated in the outfield following a walk-off win in Game 4 of the 2020 World Series.
Credit...
Kevin Jairaj/USA Today Sports, via Reuters
SKIP TO CONTENT
SKIP TO SITE INDEX
SEARCH & SECTION NAVIGATION
The Forgotten Man

Walk-off wins used to be celebrated at home plate with the player who scored. At some point, without explanation, the emphasis flipped to the batter.

Share full article

By David Waldstein

Sept. 1, 2023

Ray Knight scored one of the most famous runs in baseball history, jumping onto home plate and into a sea of gleeful Mets teammates to end Game 6 of the 1986 World Series. It was a wild outpouring of joy from a team that played hard and celebrated harder.

But if that same play happened today, the scene would look much different. The Mets would have streamed out of their dugout and, instead of turning left toward home plate, almost certainly sprinted to their right to chase Mookie Wilson, the batter who put the ball in play, slapping his helmet and hugging him tight.

At some point the philosophy of celebrations shifted entirely, with the player who was at bat being the ultimate hero, even if the winning run scored on a fielding error. The one who touches home plate, no matter how dramatic his route to get there, is just the last click of the machine.

“It definitely has changed,” said Ron Darling, a pitcher for the 1986 Mets who is now a broadcaster. “Back then, you wanted to greet the player scoring the winning run. Now you want to reward the guy that does whatever. It’s a 100 percent change.”

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

With the playoffs set to begin next month, and the regular season synthesizing into its pennant stretches, the trend will be more evident as walk-off celebrations become more jubilant and expressive.

Image
When it was time to celebrate the Mets’ shocking win in Game 6 of the 1986 World Series, the team all ran to home plate to greet Ray Knight, who scored the winning run, rather than Mookie Wilson, who had hit the ball.
Credit...
John Iacono/Sports Illustrated, via Getty Images

Subscribe to The Times to read as many articles as you like.

A version of this article appears in print on Sept. 3, 2023, Section A, Page 24 of the New York edition with the headline: The Forgotten Man. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
See more on: New York Mets, Tampa Bay Rays, Ken Griffey Jr
Share full article

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
Site Index
Site Information Navigation
© 2025 The New York Times Company
NYTCoContact UsAccessibilityWork with usAdvertiseT Brand StudioYour Ad ChoicesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptions

Enjoy unlimited access to all of The Times.

See subscription options

We’ve updated our terms

We encourage you to review our updated Terms of Sale, Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy. By continuing, you agree to the updated Terms listed here.

Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/2023/09/01/sports/baseball/walk-off-celebrations.html 
 ----- 
