SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
DOMINANT SPAIN FRUSTRATED BY STUBBORN SERBIA IN NATIONS LEAGUE DRAW
Dominant Spain frustrated by stubborn Serbia in Nations League draw
Gregor Hynds,
05.09.2024 20:43
Spain's Lamine Yamal in action during the match
ČTK / AP / Darko Vojinovic via Profimedia
Spain’s first game since being crowned kings of Europe ended in a disappointing 0-0 draw with Serbia in the opening game of their UEFA Nations League A campaign. Despite the positive result, the draw leaves the hosts winless in four games (D3, L1).

European Champions Spain travelled to Belgrade looking to continue their dominance at the top of international football, as Luis de la Fuente named a strong starting 11 to take on a Serbian side who only managed one goal en route to their group stage exit at the Euros.

Despite this, the home side were the ones with the early chances, as they tried to catch Spain out on the counter on multiple occasions, as Sasa Lukic, Ivan Ilic and Luka Jovic all failed to find the target from the edge of the opponents' box.

La Roja eventually found their footing and started to create chances of their own, with Martin Zubimendi having the best shot of the opening half-hour, forcing a save from Predrag Rajkovic on the fast break. With half-time on the horizon, Spain started to fire off more chances, as they tried to gain the lead before the interval but it came to no avail.

Key match stats
Flashscore

The second half started off as a cagey affair, with both sides struggling to find the target, but the positive for the hosts was their ability to limit the European Champions to very few chances from the edge of the box.

Fabian Ruiz and Robin Le Normand both had chances prior to the hour mark, but both men shot wide of the target, as Spain looked like they might fail to score within 90 minutes for the first time since the Nations League final in 2023.  

Lamine Yamal then had two chances of his own, as the teenager tried to pull Spain in front, but neither chance challenged Rajkovic in the end. Nico Williams was next to be denied by Rajkovic, as his header was collected by the Serbian shot-stopper.

Despite their best efforts, Spain couldn’t find the breakthrough they needed and were forced to settle for a point on the road. For Serbia, this was a point that gave them a lot of hope, as they were able to limit one of the world's best sides to very few clear chances.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Predrag Rajkovic (Serbia)

See all the match stats here.

Follow the Nations League here.
MENTIONS
Football
UEFA Nations League
Serbia
Spain
Related Articles
Mbappe raring to go after Euros disappointment and Real Madrid move
05.09.2024 17:16
Vinicius says Spain should lose 2030 World Cup unless racism declines
05.09.2024 12:48
UEFA Nations League: Seven matches you don't want to miss this international break
05.09.2024 12:16
Show more
Football
Amad Diallo determined to 'make history' with struggling Manchester United
33 min ago
Napoli and Antonio Conte keen to end year top of Serie A
1 h ago
Fonseca feeling positive ahead of AC Milan's clash with Roma despite Pulisic injury
1 h ago
Pep Guardiola says Man City's dismal form has made him realise how good they were
2 h ago
Douglas Luiz set to make Juventus return against Fiorentina, confirms Thiago Motta
2 h ago
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
4 h ago
Updated
Premier League Player of the Week: Wolves' Matheus Cunha shines against Man United
4 h ago
Premier League Team of the Week: Joelinton and Gakpo star as Huijsen continues to impress
5 h ago
EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Arsenal star Mohammed on Katsina Academy & partnership with Mbappe’s AS Bondy
5 h ago
Flashscore Awards 2024: Xabi Alonso crowned our Manager of the Year
6 h ago
Most Read
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
Cristiano Ronaldo slams Rodri's 'unfair' Ballon d'Or win ahead of Vinicius Junior
Atalanta's incredible Serie A run in danger as Napoli and Inter look to pounce
Luke Littler battles past Ryan Meikle in 'toughest game ever' at World Championship
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Cagliari - Inter
Napoli - Venezia
Juventus - Fiorentina
AC Milan - AS Roma
Swiatek - Helgo
Swiatek - Muchova
FOOTBALL SCORES
Leicester - Manchester City
West Ham - Liverpool
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Anadolu Efes - Karsiyaka
Olympiacos - Lavrio
Fenerbahce - Merkezefendi
KK Krka Novo mesto - Crvena zvezda
Panathinaikos - AS Karditsas
Real Madrid - Barcelona
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-uefa-nations-league-dominant-spain-frustrated-by-stubborn-serbia-in-nations-league-draw/WWZFJute/ 
 ----- 
