Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Los Angeles' Dodgers Rookie is the Only Pitcher Ever to Dominate a Team in This Way
Los Angeles Dodgers' rookie Emmet Sheehan continued a historic domination of the San Francisco Giants on Thursday.
Brady Farkas | Sep 22, 2023
Los Angeles' Dodgers Rookie is the Only Pitcher Ever to Dominate a Team in This Way /
In this story:
Los Angeles Dodgers

The Los Angeles Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants on Thursday night 7-2.

The win moved LA to 94-58 on the year and keeps them within shouting distance of the No. 1 overall seed in the National League playoffs, while the loss dropped the Giants to 76-77 and 3.0 games back of the wild card.

In the win, Dodgers rookie Emmet Sheehan tossed 4.2 no-hit innings. Despite not allowing a hit, he walked four and did give up one earned run. He struck out nine.

The 23-year-old is 3-1 this season over 12 games with a 5.13 ERA. He's struck out 54 batters in 54.1 innings and his dominance over the Giants is historic.

Per @OptaSTATS:

The @Dodgers' Emmet Sheehan against the Giants: June 16: 6.0 IP, 0 H Tonight: 4.2 IP, 0 H 

He's the only MLB pitcher in the modern era (rookie or not) to pitch 4.0+ innings and finish with no hits allowed in back-to-back starts against an opponent.

Sheehan was the sixth-round pick of the Dodgers back in 2021 out of Boston College. He has graduated out of the top 30 prospects for LA.

The two teams will play again on Friday night at Dodger Stadium. First pitch is scheduled for 10:10 p.m. ET as Giants' lefty Sean Manaea goes up against Dodgers' bullpen arm Caleb Ferguson.

Manaea is 6-6 with a 4.82 ERA while Ferguson is 7-3 with a 2.56.

For scoreboard watching purposes, the Braves, who the Dodgers are trying to track down for the No. 1 seed, are playing the Washington Nationals.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Check out more Los Angeles Dodgers coverage at Sports Illustrated and FanNation's Inside the Dodgers 

Published Sep 22, 2023
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/los-angeles-dodgers-pitcher-emmet-sheehan-makes-baseball-history-by-becoming-first-pitcher-to-have-consecutive-four-plus-no-hit-outings-against-the-same-team 
 ----- 
