Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo
ADVERTISEMENT
DODGERS
Freddie Freeman reaches 200-hit milestone in Dodgers’ loss to Giants
Freddie Freeman acknowledges the fans after recording his 200th hit of the season in a 5-1 loss to the San Francisco Giants on Friday at Dodger Stadium. (Alex Gallardo / Associated Press)
By Jack Harris
Staff Writer
Follow
Sept. 22, 2023 Updated 10:49 PM PT
Share
12

Freddie Freeman made some personal history in the first inning.

The rest of Friday night, however, offered little to remember for a Dodgers team simply running out the stretch.

The best things that can be said about the Dodgers’ 5-1 loss to the San Francisco Giants?

ADVERTISEMENT

That they made it through another night without more injuries, the team’s primary goal for the final two weeks with their postseason positioning as the likely No. 2 seed all but set.

SPORTS

Worst gift on Miguel Cabrera’s farewell tour? Bottle of wine for recovering alcoholic
Sept. 22, 2023

And that there’s one fewer inconsequential contest on their schedule.

Friday night did start with a much-anticipated bang, when Freeman rolled a single to right field for his 200th hit of the season.

“I’ve always had my sights set on it,” Freeman said. “It means you’re in there a lot, you’re healthy, you’re playing every day and you had a pretty good year.”

ADVERTISEMENT

It marked the first time in Freeman’s 14-year career he had reached the 200-hit mark, a particularly meaningful stat for a seven-time All-Star who values getting on base above all else.

It was the first time a Dodgers player had reached the milestone since Adrian Beltre in 2004, and just the 27th occurrence in franchise history.

It also made Freeman just the 21st player in MLB history — as well as the first-ever first baseman or Dodgers player at any position — to have 200 hits, 25 home runs and 20 steals in a single season.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I think his season as a whole, it’s unprecedented,” manager Dave Roberts said. “It seems like every night we’re always tipping our cap to Freddie on some accomplishment.”

Indeed, as Freeman pulled into first base, a sellout crowd of 52,887 stood in applause, breaking out a “Fred-die! Fred-die!” chant that has become a familiar refrain around Chavez Ravine since his arrival last season.

Dodgers relief pitcher Ryan Yarbrough delivers against the Giants in the seventh inning Friday. (Alex Gallardo / Associated Press)

The rest of the night was about as memorable as a dreamless sleep.

The Dodgers used a bulk pitcher, Gavin Stone, who is likely to be one of the odd men out of their playoff pitching staff.

While he took down 4⅓ innings, following a scoreless first from left-hander Caleb Ferguson, Stone also gave up three runs on a pair of homers, leaving his ERA at an even 9.00 — 31 runs allowed in 31 innings — in his debut season.

Stone was replaced by a more integral part of the Dodgers’ October pitching plans, making way for swingman Ryan Yarbrough to go the rest of the way.

Yarbrough, a sidearm-throwing trade deadline acquisition, was having a strong outing before Giants rookie Tyler Fitzgerald snuck a two-run homer over the short wall in left field in the ninth, raising Yarbrough’s ERA with the Dodgers to 3.12 in 10 appearances.

By then, however, the Dodgers already wasted their best chance.

DODGERS

If this is Clayton Kershaw’s last run with Dodgers, he’s at peace with it
Sept. 22, 2023

After being shut out over the first seven innings by Sean Manaea, who came into the game with a 9.00 career ERA against the club before limiting them to three hits with two strikeouts, the Dodgers got a lifeline in the bottom of the eighth.

With two outs, Giants catcher Patrick Bailey failed to catch the ball on a swinging third strike from Jason Heyward, allowing Heyward to run to first and the inning to continue.

Mookie Betts walked in the next at-bat to load the bases. Then Freeman lined a single to right to score a run and bring the stadium back to life.

As quickly as the rally began, however, it came to a quick conclusion, when Will Smith grounded out to first to continue his September-long slump and inch the Dodgers a little closer to the regular season’s finish line.

More to Read
Plaschke: From Fred-die to Decoy, Dodgers owned every top-10 moment in 2024 L.A. sports
Dec. 31, 2024
Letters to Sports: Toasting the Dodgers’ World Series title
Nov. 2, 2024
Hernández: Freddie Freeman will forever be the name and face of the Dodgers’ 2024 championship
Nov. 1, 2024
Show Comments
DODGERS
Newsletter

Are you a true-blue fan?

Get our Dodgers Dugout newsletter for insights, news and much more.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

Jack Harris
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Jack Harris covers the Dodgers for the Los Angeles Times. Before that, he covered the Angels, the Kings and almost everything else the L.A. sports scene had to offer. A Phoenix native, he originally interned at The Times before joining the staff in 2019.

More From the Los Angeles Times

DODGERS

Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts in World Series banned from MLB games
Jan. 10, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Diego Cartaya, face potential arbitration hearing with Alex Vesia
Jan. 9, 2025

DODGERS

Analysis: With Gavin Lux gone, how Dodgers might deploy more versatile lineup in 2025
Jan. 7, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Cincinnati Reds in wake of Hyeseong Kim signing
Jan. 6, 2025
Most Read in Dodgers

DODGERS

Yankees fan admits he ‘probably crossed the line’ grabbing Mookie Betts’ glove: ‘Desperation kicked in’
Oct. 30, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Los Angeles has never seen this level of destruction: ‘Everything is burned down’
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
These are the Malibu and Altadena restaurants damaged or destroyed by ongoing L.A. fires
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
Latest Dodgers
Dodgers sign Hyeseong Kim, finalize Teoscar Hernández return as roster takes shape
Jan. 3, 2025
Dodgers’ meeting with Roki Sasaki didn’t include in-person pitches from Ohtani or Yamamoto
Dec. 30, 2024
Analysis: How will Dodgers reward Dave Roberts? Will they land Roki Sasaki?
Dec. 31, 2024
Shohei Ohtani and his wife announce they are expecting their first child
Dec. 28, 2024
Shaikin: By re-signing Teoscar Hernández, Dodgers raise the financial stakes even higher
Dec. 28, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/dodgers/story/2023-09-22/dodgers-giants-freddie-freeman-milestone 
 ----- 
