Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Dallas Cowboys
Trevon Diggs' season-ending injury hits home for Micah Parsons, how did he react?

Diggs tore the ACL in his left knee during the Cowboys practice on Thursday

Micah Parsons shares encouraging message to Trevon Diggs after ACL injuryMicah Parsons, X
LW
21/09/2023 - 19:21 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Dallas Cowboys. Cowboys' plan to replace Trevon Diggs revealed -- can Dallas recover?
Dallas Cowboys. Cowboys' injury woes continue: Tyler Biadasz hamstring woes as Zack Martin sidelined

Trevon Diggs joined the list of players that have suffered devastating season-ending injuries at the start of the NFL season.

The Dallas Cowboys cornerback suffered a torn ACL in his left knee during Thursday's practice, bringing his 2023 NFL season to a premature end.

Diggs's injury happened during one-on-one drills. According to reporters in attendance the player was seen using crutches later on in the day. Subsequent MRI results confirmed that the star cornerback would be sidelined until 2024.

Micah Parsons has Trevon Diggs' back

As news of Diggs's season-ending injury circulated throughout the NFL, one of his closest teammates, Micah Parsons, took to social media to express his heartfelt support.

Parsons posted a poignant message on X accompanied by two photos of the duo sharing moments on game day. "I am my brother's keeper! I got you 7! No more need to be said!"Parsons said, using lion and eagle emojis.

Trevon Diggs was balling in first two games

In response to the outpouring of support from fans and fellow players, Diggs took to social media as well on Thursday, expressing gratitude for the prayers and well-wishes, and he remained resolute, promising to return even stronger from this setback: "Thank you for all the prayers, and I appreciate everyone for checking on me! This is just God's Plan. I will be back and better!"

Diggs was a key figure in the Dallas Cowboys' exceptional defensive performance over their 2-0 start to the season.

The cornerback, who celebrated his 25th birthday just one day before the injury, contributed to the no. 1 ranked defense with an interception, a forced fumble, three passes defensed, and four tackles.

MORE in MARCA
Taylor Swift...
Marca
Steve Sarkis...
Marca

Dallas, boasting a remarkable defensive record, tops the NFL charts in several categories, including yards allowed, yards per play allowed, interception rate, and sack rate.

The Cowboys will now face the Arizona Cardinals this Sunday at State Farm Stadium in Week 3 of the NFL season.

NFL - English
Trevon Diggs - English
NFLTyreek Hill and Micah Parsons exchange verbal fireworks ahead of Christmas Day matchup
Dallas CowboysTrevon Diggs ACL tear ruins his birthday plans and misses out on epic Beyonce concert
Dallas CowboysMicah Parsons vs. Bart Scott debate: Is sports media more important than NFL players?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Deion Sanders controls the NFL...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
榮獲國際金旅獎！北歐三國．挪威聖壇岩14日
行健旅行社
白內障手術，俞小凡選擇諾貝爾眼科，快速又安全，術後視界好清晰
諾貝爾眼科
台灣的平均智商為 106，參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高
WW IQ Test
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/dallas-cowboys/2023/09/22/650cdbe7268e3ef63c8b4575.html 
 ----- 
