Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Cincinnati Bengals
Joe Burrow still has no idea if he will be available for Monday Night Football vs Rams

The Bengals QB suffered a calf injury during training camp from which he still hasn't fully recovered

Cincinnati Bengals star quarterback, Joe Burrow.LAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 21/09/2023 - 18:39 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Zac Taylor optimistic about Joe Burrow's calf injury, seems to be improving everyday
NFL. Joe Burrow's status for Week 3 unknown after Bengals superstar re-aggravated his calf injury

The Cincinnati Bengals are currently 0-2 this season after losing against the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday. During that game, Joe Burrow picked up a calf injury with which he has been struggling all seasonto recover. It all happened during the second day of training camp and Burrow hasn't really been himself since.

Regardless of the situation, Joe is always available but the results on the field are not what people expect from him. Against the Ravens, the has only thrown for 304 yards, two touchdowns and one interceptions. Plus, he felt the pain in his calf return during the game against the Ravens.

When asked about his availability, Burrow simply responded, "We'll see," leaving many to speculate whether he'll be ready to play. However, the star QB has been working hard to speed up the healing process and feels good about the progress he's made since Sunday.

"Just feeling better. Not as sore. Time heals, so we'll see. My job is to go out and play and that's what I'm prepared to do. I'm preparing like I'm going to go out and play a Monday Night Football game. Whether that happens, I don't know, but I'm going to be prepared to. I'm confident that if I'm not out there, we'll be able to get the job done. My job is to go out and play, and that's what I'm prepared to do", he stated.

Burrow has great confidence in his backup

Burrow's backup, Jake Browning, is ready to step in if needed, and Burrow expressed confidence in him. "I'm confident that if I'm not out there, we'll be able to get the job done," Burrow said.

MORE in MARCA
Demi Moore...
Marca
The real reaso...
Marca

Despite the uncertainty surrounding his availability and the team's 0-2 start, Burrow remains focused on his job and preparing for the game. Burrow's injury has undoubtedly been on his mind, but he's determined to push through it and help his team get their first win of the season. "My job is to go out and play, and that's what I'm prepared to do," Burrow said.

Fans will have to wait until Monday night to see if Burrow takes the field, but one thing is for sure - he's doing everything possible to ensure he's ready to go.

Joe Burrow - English
Cincinnati Bengals - English
NFL - English
Los Angeles Rams - English
Cincinnati BengalsJoe Burrow is expected to play for Bengals against the Rams on MNF, per reports
Los Angeles RamsCooper Kupp's puzzling injury situation revealed by trusted NFL doctor
Cincinnati BengalsGritty Burrow praised by Aaron Rodgers: He showed up and played through the pain
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Taylor Swift make s trade for Travis...
Marca
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
白內障手術，俞小凡選擇諾貝爾眼科，快速又安全 ，術後視界好清晰
諾貝爾眼科
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/cincinnati-bengals/2023/09/22/650cbd1a46163f4a4b8b458b.html 
 ----- 
