Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Tatis drills HR, robs one as SD drops a rung in Wild Card race
Share
Tatis drills HR, robs one as SD drops a rung in Wild Card race
September 12th, 2024

Josh Kirshenbaum

Share

0:02

0:48

SEATTLE -- The Padres’ chance to separate from the pack in the final weeks of the regular season continues to stop and start.

San Diego lost the capper of its two-game jaunt to Seattle, 5-2 to the Mariners at T-Mobile Park on Wednesday night. The loss, coupled with the D-backs’ 14-4 win over the Rangers, moves San Diego a half-game behind Arizona for the top National League Wild Card spot.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

“They’re winning, and so are we,” said right fielder Fernando Tatis Jr., who hit a home run and robbed one in the same inning. “We’ve just got to keep playing the way we have and keep our heads up, with the winning mentality this team has had all year.”

The tiebreaker between San Diego and Arizona is undecided, and won’t be settled until the Padres’ three-game set at Chase Field to end the regular season. San Diego sits 1 1/2 games ahead of the Mets, who occupy the final playoff position, with another game of breathing room ahead of the Braves.

Fifteen games into an 18-game stretch against teams currently on the outside looking in of their respective playoff hunts, San Diego has gone 8-7. After an off-day Thursday, the Padres will open a three-game set in San Francisco. Following that, three of San Diego’s final four sets are against teams currently sitting in playoff spots.

Seattle’s Bryan Woo started the night by retiring the first 19 batters he faced before Tatis broke up the perfect game bid with a solo home run to left field with one out in the seventh inning.

“I saw him being aggressive, and I told myself I had to be more aggressive than him,” Tatis said. “After the first round, I didn’t see him throwing many breaking balls. So the third at-bat, I went up really confident, looking for the fastball.”

Tatis indeed got two fastballs to start off his third at-bat, taking the first before turning on Woo’s 1-0 offering -- a 94.8 mph heater well off the inside corner -- and driving it out at 115.6 mph, his second-hardest hit this season.

“That was an impressive swing, just boom, right down the line,” Padres manager Mike Shildt said.

Related
Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 10th, 2025

Pipeline Inbox: How Salas' bat could get back on an elite track

January 10th, 2025

Padres look to continue success in signing top int'l prospects

January 9th, 2025

Predicting the major award winners for 2025

December 31st, 2024

Here are the Top 10 Padres rookie seasons

October 18th, 2024

Manny's side step, Tatis' stutter step put Padres one stride from NLCS

October 9th, 2024

Tatis finished the quick two-game set in Seattle with a pair of home runs -- his first two since returning from the injured list on Sept. 2 -- and three total hits, after going 5-for-24 in his first five games back.

His highlight reel didn’t end in the top of the seventh inning. In the bottom half of the frame, Randy Arozarena belted a high fly ball that flew over the wall in right -- only for Tatis to bring it back.

“I saw it off the bat and I knew it was going to be a close one, and let my abilities play,” Tatis said.

On one hand, the September stretch run isn’t the time to pull minor victories and highlights out of losses. On the other, a full-strength Tatis, hitting like a two-time Silver Slugger and playing defense like a Platinum Glover, is the sort of weapon that could single-handedly swing a postseason race down the wire.

“That just tells you how talented he is and what he’s capable of, so that’s a really good sign for us,” Shildt said. “... Holy cow, what a player.”

Padres starting pitcher Michael King allowed three runs (one earned) on four hits in five innings. He struck out six.

The one blip on King’s night came in the third inning. After walking a batter and hitting another with one out, King got Julio Rodríguez to hit a sharp ground ball to the left side of the infield. Xander Bogaerts, starting at shortstop for the second night in a row, took a step to his right to field it and threw to Jake Cronenworth at second, but Cronenworth couldn’t corral the feed.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The drop was originally ruled on the transfer, but after review the call was overturned, loading the bases with still one out.

Cal Raleigh made the Padres pay for the error three pitches later, chipping King’s 1-1 changeup into right for an RBI single. A batter later, Seattle made it 3-0 on a two-out, two-run single by Luke Raley that brought what turned out to be the game-winning run home.

Seattle’s other two runs came in the sixth, when Adrian Morejon began the inning with back-to-back walks, both of which came around to score.

“We had three walks and a hit batter all score, and of course we didn’t help ourselves with the defense,” Shildt said. “Very, very uncharacteristic of us.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Diego Padres
Fernando Tatis Jr.

Josh Kirshenbaum is a reporter/producer for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

January 10th, 2025

Who signed and who didn't? Breaking down the arbitration deadline

January 10th, 2025

Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

January 10th, 2025

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 10th, 2025

Dodgers avoid arb with all but one, exchange figures with Vesia

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/fernando-tatis-jr-hits-homer-robs-one 
 ----- 
