Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Kelly ends drought vs. Dodgers with gem in postseason debut
Share
Kelly ends drought vs. Dodgers with gem in postseason debut
October 8th, 2023

AJ Cassavell

@AJCassavell
Share

LOS ANGELES -- Perched atop the bench in the visitors’ dugout, Merrill Kelly patiently waited his turn to take the Dodger Stadium mound on Saturday night.

Sixteen times Kelly had faced this Dodgers team across his five-year big league career. He'd never beaten them. Now, here was Kelly, slated for his first postseason start -- and, naturally, this was his opponent.

Of course, Kelly had plenty of time to ponder all of this. Because, by the time he finally took the mound, his offense had staked him to a six-run lead, roughing up Dodgers starter Clayton Kershaw during a top half of the first inning that lasted 23 minutes.

“I'm watching our guys beat up on one of the best pitchers that we've ever seen in our lives -- and watching them do it in the first game I've ever pitched in the playoffs,” Kelly said. “I'm just trying to enjoy it, kind of take it all in, while also walking the fine line of being able to stay focused, knowing that's a good team over there, and they can put up a lot of runs in a hurry.”

Kelly walked that line expertly. While the D-backs’ offense poured it on, Kelly did not give the Dodgers an inch. He pitched 6 1/3 scoreless frames in a statement 11-2 Game 1 victory.

D-backs pummel Kershaw, rout Dodgers in NLDS opener

In those 16 regular-season starts against L.A., Kelly was 0-11 with a 5.49 ERA. No pitcher in history had entered a postseason start with a worse winless record against an opponent he was about to face.

“He had a mindset going into this that he wasn't going to let anything like that happen to him again,” said D-backs manager Torey Lovullo. “I think he took it personal. And he went out there executed at a very, very high level.”

Moreno: Game 1 HR off Kershaw 'a dream come true'

Kelly became the first D-backs starter to go at least six scoreless frames in a postseason start since Curt Schilling, Randy Johnson and Miguel Batista all did so in the 2001 World Series. He kept the Dodgers off-balance with a fairly simple mix: He filled up the strike zone with a bunch of fastballs and cutters, while using his changeup for whiffs when he needed them.

“I think the main reason why today ended up better than [past starts against the Dodgers] is the aggressiveness in the zone and being able to get ahead of people,” Kelly said. “That team over there, when you get behind them, they're really good at controlling the zone and not swinging at pitches out of the zone. I made it a point to be aggressive.

“And with that nine-run lead, it made it a lot easier to do.”

Indeed, after Kelly kept the Dodgers off the board in the bottom of the first, the D-backs tacked on three more in the second. Kelly spent most of his night pitching with a lead that was probably insurmountable.

He wasn’t taking any chances. Kelly allowed only three hits. He was removed in the top of the seventh inning after his second walk ran his pitch count to 89. 

When Lovullo emerged from the dugout, Kelly curled his lip. He didn’t want to leave. In what he would later call the biggest game of his career, he hadn’t allowed a run against one of the sport’s best offenses. Lovullo explained that the D-backs would need Kelly again soon enough.

“I had a chance to keep going with him a little bit,” Lovullo said, “but I told him, ‘I want to preserve every pitch I possibly can. We're up 10-0, and it doesn't make a lot of sense to ask you to go any further than this.’ He understood.”

Related
Kelly amped to share rotation with Burnes in '25

January 6th, 2025

A 12-hour plane ride and a dream for pitchers reviving careers in Asia

December 6th, 2024

8 players who could flip their '24 script in October

September 23rd, 2024

Prospects headed to D-backs instructional camp

January 9th, 2025

D-backs acquire infielder Kessinger in trade with Astros

January 8th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Kelly strolled off the mound, hardly showing any emotion until he approached the dugout. That’s when he patted his chest as he looked in the direction of the D-backs’ family section.

A couple hours later, Kelly sat at the podium beneath the Dodger Stadium concourse and recounted his day. Sure, there were a few nerves, he said. But he, uh, had a family issue on his mind.

“My dad actually missed his flight this morning,” Kelly said. “So I had to kind of scramble, figure that part out. I think maybe that might have been -- even though at the time I was a little pissed -- I think that might have been a good distraction.”

Kelly turned his gaze directly to the camera in the press conference room.

“So thanks, Dad, for not getting to the airport early enough.”

He turned back and continued: “But I try to just stay as even as I can, and I think I did a pretty good job.”

Scoreless ball against his longtime nemesis in his first postseason start? Hard to do it much better than that.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Merrill Kelly
Arizona Diamondbacks

AJ Cassavell covers the Padres for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/merrill-kelly-beats-nemesis-dodgers-in-first-playoff-start 
 ----- 
