Skip to content
Subscribe Now
33°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSNBACHICAGO BULLS
Zach LaVine’s streak of 30-point games hits a career-high 5 — plus 4 other takeaways from the Chicago Bulls’ rout
Bulls guard Zach LaVine dunks the ball in the first half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
By JULIA POE | jpoe@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: January 11, 2025 at 8:20 AM CST

It has become a habit for Zach LaVine to make opposing defenders look silly.

On Friday night, the Washington Wizards were the latest roster to fall victim to the Chicago Bulls guard. They couldn’t really help it. Once LaVine put the ball on the floor and ducked downhill, there was no stopping what came next. The guard wove between defenders, tipped the ball from one hand to another, hovered above the rim, hopped backward to sling 3-pointers.

It wasn’t his highest scoring game as a Bull — not by a long shot. But with 33 points in 33 minutes, it marked LaVine’s fifth consecutive game scoring at least 30 points. It’s the longest such streak of his career and is one of only three in the NBA this season.

In the locker room after the win, however, LaVine wasn’t even aware of the milestone. He showed confusion when Coby White attempted to congratulate him, earning a teasing question: “Have you not checked Twitter, bro?”

LaVine isn’t trying to be the hero this season. He openly embraced the fact he might never score 40 points in this year’s offense, which is more open and balanced than in any of his past years with the Bulls. Heroism, instead, has been replaced with consistent excellence.

Averaging 23.3 points on 51.4% shooting from the floor and 44.4% from 3-point range, LaVine is scoring with ease — although he wants to be clear: It just looks that way.

“It’s never easy,” LaVine said. “But you put the work in, you get into rhythms and you continue to work on the things that you do. In practice, it becomes almost like muscle memory. I’ve always been one of those players where when I get into rhythm, it feels pretty much like — not going through the motions, but it’s like I’ve done it before.”

Here are four takeaways from the 138-105 win.

1. Nikola Vučević racked up another double-double.

Consistency is the key for both of the Bulls’ veteran stars — a fact that center Vučević proved with a 23-point, 13-rebound performance. Vučević provided balance for the offense, passing up opportunities in the post to feed his teammates at the arc. This was a team effort by the Bulls, who recorded 39 assists on 53 baskets in the win.

It was Vučević’s 182nd double-double with the Bulls, surpassing Michael Jordan (180). Only four players in team history have recorded more: Artis Gilmore, Scottie Pippen, Horace Grant and Joakim Noah.

2. Lonzo Ball picked pockets.
Bulls guard Lonzo Ball (2) steals the ball on a pass intended for Wizards center Jonas Valanciunas (17) in the first half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

On the defensive end of the court, Ball is building his own streak — six straight games with at least two steals. The guard has quickly resumed his characteristic sharpness on defense even with his playing time capped at 25 minutes per game.

Ball leads the Bulls in steals per game (1.5) and has recorded the fourth-most steals on the team this season despite playing the 12th-most minutes.

And Ball’s impact wasn’t restricted to disrupting the Wizards defensively. He showcased a clear return to comfort in his 3-point shot after struggling for weeks through discomfort from a right wrist sprain, sinking four 3-pointers and finishing with 12 points.

3. Patrick Williams couldn’t be found.

In a game highlighted by strong performances up and down the bench, Williams faded from view once again. Every other starter besides Williams scored in double digits, but the forward couldn’t find his shot. He finished 1-for-8 from the floor and missed all four of his 3-point attempts, finishing with only two points despite a lackluster showing from the Wizards defense.

But it’s not just the shooting. A poor night from 3-point range can’t fully encapsulate what’s wrong with Williams.

Photos: Chicago Bulls 138, Washington Wizards 105

In his fifth year with the Bulls, he still isn’t seeing the game at full speed. He attempted to feed LaVine in transition after stealing the ball in the second quarter — only to chuck his pass directly into the hands of Bilal Coulibaly. He stuttered with the ball in his hands at the top of the arc. When he did attack the rim, Williams fumbled his drives as the ball bumbled off his palms and stomach and shoe before he reached the rim.

And Williams still isn’t asserting himself on the glass. He had only three rebounds, fewer than guards LaVine, Coby White and Josh Giddey. Blame it on hesitancy or a lack of aggression — it doesn’t matter. Williams still isn’t showing up for the Bulls.

4. Eastern Conference standings look-in.

The Bulls are never going to complain about a Friday night win at the United Center — especially after they improved to 8-11 at home after struggling to win on their court in the early months of the season. But every result matters more in this monthlong stretch to the All-Star break.

With the win, the Bulls (18-20) are two games ahead of the Philadelphia 76ers (15-21) for the final play-in spot in the East. As the Brooklyn Nets slip lower in the standings, it appears the 76ers will spend the rest of the season duking it out with the Bulls — along with the Atlanta Hawks, Detroit Pistons and Miami Heat — for positioning in the play-in tournament.

Originally Published: January 10, 2025 at 10:49 PM CST
Around the Web
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Leave You Speechless!
Tardive Dyskinesia
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
15 Most Unhealthy Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
Health Natural
Las Vegas: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Early Signs of Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria You Might Not Know About
Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Forget Vitamin B, Do This if You Have Neuropathy & Nerve Pain
Wellness Gaze Nuero
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth No One Wants to Talk About!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
30% Off Denim That Feels as Good as It Looks
Lucky Brand
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
This Dental Candy Rebuilds Rotten Teeth & Gums Almost Overnight
Provadent
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Anyone With Hair Loss Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WG Hair Restore
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Las Vegas: Repossessed Cars Prices Might Surprise You
Repossessed Cars I Search Ads
New AC Without Outdoor Unit USA 2024 - Costs Almost Nothing!
Air Condition I Search Ads
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Las Vegas: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Ron Rivera, the former Chicago Bears linebacker and defensive coordinator, will interview for head coaching job
Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Two Aurora gymnastics coaches, including an Olympian, suspended after misconduct investigation
Editorial: It’s the kids who can’t read, not the teachers
Tyler Bertuzzi’s role as a net-front nuisance paying off for the Chicago Blackhawks: ‘He’s been huge for us lately’
Column: Next 4 weeks could define Artūras Karnišovas’ tenure with the Chicago Bulls. Is he up to the challenge?
Photos: Chicago Bulls 138, Washington Wizards 105
Chicago Bears coaching search: Who we know are candidates for the job — and why they’d make sense (or not)
Chicago Bears coaching search tracker: Aaron Glenn and Ben Johnson are the latest candidates to interview
José ‘Cha-Cha’ Jiménez, founder of political group formed from Lincoln Park Puerto Rican gang, dies at 76
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO BULLS
Column: Next 4 weeks could define Artūras Karnišovas’ tenure with the Chicago Bulls. Is he up to the challenge?
‘A misunderstood psychology job’: Chicago DJs say reading a crowd is key to setting the vibe for any event
Photos: Chicago Bulls 138, Washington Wizards 105
Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M.
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2025
January
10
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2025/01/10/chicago-bulls-washington-wizards-4/ 
 ----- 
