Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Fans cheer during Pride Night at the United Center as the Bulls beat the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Photos: Chicago Bulls 138, Washington Wizards 105
By CHRIS SWEDA | csweda@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: January 11, 2025 at 12:24 AM CST

Photos from the Chicago Bulls’ 138-105 victory over the Washington Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center.

Bulls guard Zach LaVine (8) dunks the ball in the first half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Zach LaVine saves the ball from going out of bounds in the first half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Wizards center Jonas Valančiūnas (17) pulls down a rebound beside Bulls forward Dalen Terry in the first half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Zach LaVine (8) tries to drive through the Wizards defense in the first half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls forward Jalen Smith dunks the ball in the first half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Bulls guard Josh Giddey (3) shoots a 3-pointer in the second half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Zach LaVine (8) drives around Wizards guard Bilal Coulibaly in the second half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Coby White (0) makes a behind-the-back pass in the second half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Bulls guard Coby White, right, tries to prevent Wizards guard Jared Butler from stealing the ball in the second half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Lonzo Ball takes off on a fast break in the second half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls center Nikola Vučević (9) passes to a teammate in the second half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Bulls forward Patrick Williams (44) defends Wizards forward Alexandre Sarr in the second half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls center Nikola Vučević puts up a shot in the second half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Lonzo Ball (2) goes up for a rebound in the second half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Bulls guard Zach LaVine (8) scores on a layup in the second half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Coby White scores on a layup in the second half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guards Josh Giddey (3) and Zach LaVine high-five beside coach Billy Donovan going into a timeout in the second half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

The Luvabulls perform in the second half of a Bulls-Wizards game on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Zach LaVine (8) defends Wizards guard Bilal Coulibaly in the second half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls center Nikola Vučević (9) tries to grab a rebound in the first half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Bulls guard Zach LaVine (8) tries to control a pass on a fast break in the first half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Josh Giddey (3) drives for a layup in the first half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Josh Giddey (3) looks to pass around Wizards guard Bilal Coulibaly in the first half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Bulls guard Coby White (0) shoots a 3-pointer in the first half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Zach LaVine (8) brings the ball up the court in the first half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls center Nikola Vučević (9) and guard Coby White (0) celebrate in the first half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Bulls coach Billy Donovan gives instruction to his players in the second half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Benny the Bull entertains the crowd on Pride Night as the Bulls went on to beat the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Zach LaVine (8) scores on a layup in the second half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Bulls fans try to get an autograph from forward Jalen Smith after a 138-105 victory over the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Lonzo Ball (2) steals the ball on a pass intended for Wizards center Jonas Valančiūnas (17) in the first half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls forward Jalen Smith heads to the locker room after a victory over the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Bulls forward Matas Buzelis (14) is congratulated by teammates, including Jalen Smith (7), after a big dunk in the second half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Zach LaVine (8) cheers from the bench as Benny the Bull entertains the crowd in the second half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Josh Giddey (3) drives to the basket on Wizards forward Kyle Kuzma in the second half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Bulls center Nikola Vučević, right, chases down a loose ball in front of Wizards guard Carlton Carrington in the first half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls forward Jalen Smith (7) puts up a shot against the Wizards in the first half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Josh Giddey (3) drives against Wizards guard Bilal Coulibaly in the first half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Bulls forward Julian Phillips (15) flies in for a big dunk in the first half against the Wizards on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls guard Josh Giddey (3) battles for a rebound with Wizards forward Kyle Kuzma in the first half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Bulls forward Talen Horton-Tucker (22) puts up a shot against the Wizards in the first half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Bulls guard Zach LaVine (8) drives against Wizards guard Bilal Coulibaly in the first half on Jan. 10, 2025, at the United Center. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Originally Published: January 10, 2025 at 10:09 PM CST
Around the Web
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
This Simple Hydration Hack Will Change Your Daily Routine
Liquid I.V.
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
America's Most Miserable Cities, Ranked 1-30
SpilledDaily
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health Review 24
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Might Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Las Vegas: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
10% Free Silver on Us: See How Gold May Help to Secure Your Wealth
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer No One Expected to Be True!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Top 15 Most Unhealthy Breakfasts You Should Never Eat
HEALTH NATURAL
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
Take A Look At Oprah Winfrey's Disgusting Home
Suburban Finance
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? Prepare to Have Your Mind Blown!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Surgeon: Anyone Suffering From Nerve Pain & Neuropathy, Stop Doing This Now
Wellness Gaze Nuero
What is The Market Value of My House Check Estimate Instantly
Home Value
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Ron Rivera, the former Chicago Bears linebacker and defensive coordinator, will interview for head coaching job
Photos: Edmonton Oilers 4, Chicago Blackhawks 3
Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Two Aurora gymnastics coaches, including an Olympian, suspended after misconduct investigation
Editorial: It’s the kids who can’t read, not the teachers
Column: Next 4 weeks could define Artūras Karnišovas’ tenure with the Chicago Bulls. Is he up to the challenge?
Zach LaVine’s streak of 30-point games hits a career-high 5 — plus 4 other takeaways from the Chicago Bulls’ rout
Chicago Bears coaching search tracker: Aaron Glenn and Ben Johnson are the latest candidates to interview
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
Paul Vallas: What Illinois’ population exodus tells us about the state and Chicago
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO BULLS
Column: Next 4 weeks could define Artūras Karnišovas’ tenure with the Chicago Bulls. Is he up to the challenge?
‘A misunderstood psychology job’: Chicago DJs say reading a crowd is key to setting the vibe for any event
Zach LaVine’s streak of 30-point games hits a career-high 5 — plus 4 other takeaways from the Chicago Bulls’ rout
Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M.
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2025
January
10
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2025/01/10/photos-chicago-bulls-washington-wizards/ 
 ----- 
