Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Lonzo Ball Makes Strong Zach LaVine Statement
Chicago Bulls guard Lonzo Ball makes a bold statement about his All-Star teammate.
Logan Struck | Jan 11, 2025
Jan 10, 2025; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Chicago Bulls guard Zach LaVine (8) brings the ball up court against the Washington Wizards during the first half at United Center. Mandatory Credit: Kamil Krzaczynski-Imagn Images / Kamil Krzaczynski-Imagn Images
In this story:
Chicago Bulls
Washington Wizards

The Chicago Bulls have found their rhythm recently, winning five of their last seven games, including a commanding 138-105 win over the Washington Wizards on Friday.

The Bulls were led by star guard Zach LaVine, who dropped 33 points on 14-21 shooting. The two-time All-Star has now dropped 30+ points in five consecutive games, a dominant run for the 29-year-old guard who many people wrote off in the offseason.

LaVine is proving to the league that he is an absolute stud, and making many teams regret not trading for him when his value was at a low point over the summer.

Jan 10, 2025; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Chicago Bulls guard Zach LaVine (8) scores against the Washington Wizards during the first half at United Center. Mandatory Credit: Kamil Krzaczynski-Imagn Images / Kamil Krzaczynski-Imagn Images

Bulls guard Lonzo Ball hyped up his All-Star teammate with a bold claim following their 33-point home win over the Wizards.

"Probably the best shooting guard I've ever played with, to be honest," Ball said about LaVine. "I'm just happy he's still here man. It's a privilege to play with him and he knows I'll line up with him against anybody."

Ball has not played with a long list of star shooting guards, so LaVine being the best he has teamed up with is not an exaggeration. LaVine is having a stellar season, and paired with a healthy Lonzo, the Bulls have a talented backcourt that they could further explore.

Chicago is in a weird spot as they float around the middle of the Eastern Conference, but having a star guard like LaVine will continue to help them win games.

Related Articles

NBA Fans React to New Chicago Bulls Trade Report

Anthony Edwards Makes NBA History in Timberwolves-Bulls

14-Year NBA Veteran, Ex-Bulls Player Announces Retirement

Published Jan 11, 2025
LOGAN STRUCK

Logan Struck is a writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's On SI since 2023

Follow LoganStruck

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/bulls/news/lonzo-ball-makes-strong-zach-lavine-statement-01jh9w3n6h7s 
 ----- 
