Light
Home
Tennis News
Live Scores
Tournaments
Players
Facts & Stats
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
US Open
Martina Navratilova reveals her surprise picks for US Open, including a teenager, a former finalist and a two-time champion
Martina Navratilova reveals her surprise picks for US Open, including a teenager, a former finalist and a two-time champion
Shahida Jacobs
27 Aug 2024 5:21 AM
Martina Navratilova's surprise predictions include Mirra Andreeva and Naomi Osaka

Martina Navratilova believes Aryna Sabalenka is the player to beat at the US Open, but the final Grand Slam of the year often throws up surprise winners so who does the tennis great fancy as dark horses at this year’s tournament?

The US Open has had nine different winners in the past 10 years with Serena Williams the last player to successfully defend her crown in 2014.

Since Williams won the last of six titles a decade ago, Flavia Pennetta, Angelique Kerber, Sloane Stephens, Naomi Osaka (2), Bianca Andreescu, Emma Raducanu, Iga Swiatek and Coco Gauff have lifted the trophy at Flushing Meadows.

'Fascinating partnership' | Can Murray...
Tim gets only one question with Sinner:...
Federer with most fearsome serve in...
Henman, Robson vote Draper as most...
Nadal on retirement: My body cannot...
Alcaraz on Davis Cup final with Nadal:...
'I want to play exactly like first set'...
'Team spirit is sky high' | Britain...
'He's world class' | Robson discuses...
Zverev: High level match against...
Robson: I'm not surprised Djokovic has...
'I'm happy the season is over!' | Gauff...
<
>

Of that group, Pennetta, Stephens, Osaka (2018), Andreescu, Raducanu and Gauff were first-time Grand Slam winners with only Osaka going on to win more majors after her New York success as she also lifted the title in 2020 and won the Australian Open in 2019 and 2021.

Osaka, Andreescu, Raducanu and Gauff were teenagers when they won so 18-time Grand Slam winner Navratilova’s decision to tip 17-year-old Mirra Andreeva as a possible surprise package is not too farfetched.

Andreeva reached the semi-final of the French Open this year and the fourth round of the Australian Open.

The Russian will take on Camila Osorio in the first round while she is projected to meet world No 1 Iga Swiatek in the fourth round if they both make it that far.

“Mirra Andreeva is really making her mark. She’s seeded No 21 at the Open – that’s crazy – how fast did that happen? And she’s still only 17,” the American told the official WTA website.

“And her sister [Erika, 20] not far behind. She’s got a lot of confidence after almost beating Iga in Cincinnati [losing in the quarter-finals in three sets].”

US Open News

Martina Navratilova names her US Open favourite and it is not Iga Swiatek

John McEnroe picks his US Open favourite from Iga Switaek, Aryna Sabalenka and Coco Gauff

Leylah Fernandez, Danielle Collins and Osaka are the other names on the list.

Ad

Canadian Fernandez’s best run came in 2021 when she finished runner-up to Raducanu, 2022 Australian Open runner-up Collins will retire at the end of this year while Osaka is still making her back after returning to action at the start of 2024 following the birth of her daughter last year.

Navratilova added: “Leylah Fernandez beat [Elena] Rybakina at Cincinnati, reaching the quarter-finals before losing to [Jessica] Pegula. She’s been playing better and should be riding a good wave. This is her best tennis since she was in the [2021 US Open] finals.

“Danielle Collins had a great first half of the year. She’s looking to finish strong.

“And don’t discount [two-time champion] Naomi Osaka – although she’s got a barnburner in the first round, against Jelena Ostapenko.”

US Open Quiz:

Question 1
The first Open Era edition of the event took place in 1968. Arthur Ashe won the men’s event, but which British player won the women’s singles?
use 
hint
Ann Jones
Virginia Wade
Sue Barker
Angela Mortimer
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11

YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Oli Dickson Jefford
1 hour ago
Naomi Osaka closes in on huge rankings breakthrough amid Auckland semi-final run

Osaka is into her first WTA Tour semi-final since 2022 - and her first since becoming a mum.

News
Tennis News
Oli Dickson Jefford
30 Dec 2024
Naomi Osaka makes ‘famous’ admission after impressive Auckland win

Osaka started her season with an opening victory at the Auckland Open.

News
Tennis News
Oli Dickson Jefford
29 Dec 2024
Naomi Osaka won’t ‘hang around’ in potential 2025 retirement hint

"I don't think I'm the type of player that would hang around."

News
Tennis News
Ewan West
28 Dec 2024
The 11 women with a 100% win rate in Grand Slam finals: ft. Iga Swiatek, Naomi Osaka & Emma Raducanu

Four women are unbeaten having featured in three or more major title matches. 

Facts & Stats
News
Features
Who is Stefano Vukov? Elena Rybakina’s suspended ex-coach under WTA investigation
21 minutes ago
Carlos Alcaraz has changed his racket – and it could make a huge difference at Australian Open
22 hours ago
Luke Littler has claimed a prize Emma Raduanu can only dream about after teenage breakthrough
23 hours ago
Facts & Stats
Mirra Andreeva matches Gauff & Sharapova milestone with stunning Brisbane run
5 hours ago
The 9 women to lift Brisbane International title: ft Serena Williams, Maria Sharapova
22 hours ago
The 5 men with the most ATP Tour quarter-finals: Novak Djokovic moves to joint-4th, Roger Federer 2nd
02 Jan 2025
Video
WATCH: Novak Djokovic & Nick Kyrgios play amazing 31-shot rally before costly error leads to Brisbane doubles loss
01 Jan 2025
WATCH: Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer, Serena Williams team up for emotional Rafael Nadal tribute
20 Nov 2024
WATCH: Rafael Nadal tears up ahead of Davis Cup farewell in Malaga
19 Nov 2024
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Tennis365 Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.tennis365.com/us-open/martina-navratilova-reveals-surprise-picks-us-open-teenager-former-finalist-two-time-champion 
 ----- 
