Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Ohio State vs Texas
US winter storm
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Phillies turn to pending free agent Aaron Nola to pitch them past Arizona and into World Series
1 of 16 |  

Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Aaron Nola throws against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the first inning in Game 2 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Philadelphia, Tuesday, Oct. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

2 of 16 |  

Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Aaron Nola tips his hat after being relieved during the sixth inning of Game 3 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Atlanta Braves Wednesday, Oct. 11, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

3 of 16 |  

Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Aaron Nola thorws during the first inning of Game 3 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Atlanta Braves Wednesday, Oct. 11, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

4 of 16 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Aaron Nola celebrates after the Phillies won an NL wild-card baseball playoff series against the Miami Marlins, Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

5 of 16 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Merrill Kelly throws against the Philadelphia Phillies during the first inning in Game 2 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Philadelphia, Tuesday, Oct. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

6 of 16 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Merrill Kelly celebrates with teammates in the dugout after exiting during the seventh inning in Game 1 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Saturday, Oct. 7, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

Read More
7 of 16 |  

Fans yell as Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Merrill Kelly leaves the game against the Philadelphia Phillies during the sixth inning in Game 2 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Philadelphia, Tuesday, Oct. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

8 of 16 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks starting pitcher Merrill Kelly leaves the game against the Philadelphia Phillies during the sixth inning in Game 2 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Philadelphia, Tuesday, Oct. 17, 2023. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

9 of 16 |  

Philadelphia Phillies relief pitcher Matt Strahm and catcher J.T. Realmuto celebrate their win against the Arizona Diamondbacks in Game 5 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Phoenix, Saturday, Oct. 21, 2023. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)

10 of 16 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Bryce Harper scores past Arizona Diamondbacks catcher Gabriel Moreno after colliding during the first inning in Game 5 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Phoenix, Saturday, Oct. 21, 2023. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

11 of 16 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ J.T. Realmuto celebrates his two run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the eighth inning in Game 5 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Phoenix, Saturday, Oct. 21, 2023. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

12 of 16 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ J.T. Realmuto celebrates his two run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the eighth inning in Game 5 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Phoenix, Saturday, Oct. 21, 2023. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

13 of 16 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Alek Thomas celebrates a home run against the Philadelphia Phillies during the seventh inning in Game 5 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Phoenix, Saturday, Oct. 21, 2023. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

14 of 16 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks relief pitcher Paul Sewald celebrates their win against the Philadelphia Phillies in Game 4 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Phoenix, Friday, Oct. 20, 2023. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

15 of 16 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Gabriel Moreno hits a RBI-single against the Philadelphia Phillies during the eighth inning in Game 4 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Phoenix, Friday, Oct. 20, 2023. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

16 of 16 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Alek Thomas rounds the bases after a two-run home run against the Philadelphia Phillies during the eighth inning in Game 4 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Phoenix, Friday, Oct. 20, 2023. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

BY  DAN GELSTON
Updated 10:53 PM UTC, October 22, 2023
Share

PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Aaron Nola takes the ball in Game 6 of the NL Championship Series with a couple of familiar questions swirling around him.

Can he pitch the Phillies one win closer to a World Series title?

If not, might this be his last start in a Philadelphia uniform?

The answer to the first query is an easy one — a resounding yes. Nola is 3-0 in the postseason — including seven shutout innings in the NL wild-card clincher against Miami — with a 0.96 ERA. He has allowed two runs in 18 2/3 innings, struck out 19 and walked two.

With a second straight trip to the World Series at stake, Nola gets the call Monday night against Arizona in the NLCS.

Now, as for his last start with the Phillies...

If he wins Monday, he’s sure to pitch again. But Nola knows each postseason outing has the potential of serving as his last one with the Phillies as he nears the end of his five-year contract.

The 30-year-old Nola is eligible for free agency after the World Series because his agent and the front office broke off negotiations in spring training. Nola, the longest-tenured player on these Phillies, wanted to stay focused this season on doing his part to win Philadelphia’s first World Series crown since 2008.

RELATED STORIES
Phillies acquire left-hander Jesús Luzardo from Marlins in exchange for prospects
Charlie Morton agrees to a 1-year, $15 million deal with the Orioles
Phillies gamble on 1-year contract for 2-time All-Star closer Jordan Romano

With each shutdown inning in the postseason, Nola has significantly added value to his next contract. He’s also made it clear, he doesn’t want to go far to find a new team. In fact, he kind of likes the one he’s played for in all nine major league seasons.

Nola wants to stay in Philly.

“I really do. I love it here,” he said. “Obviously, it’s the only place I’ve been. I came up through some special times in the rebuilding era. To be on a team like I am now, it’s really cool and special to see and to be a part of all the success and failures to get to where we are now.”

Throw Angels two-way star Shohei Ohtani out of the picture and the market for free-agent pitchers is thin. Especially one with a resume like Nola’s — five seasons of 200-plus strikeouts, five seasons of 30-plus starts, and a 90-71 career record.

Nola endured three straight 90-loss seasons with the Phillies before the arrivals of Bryce Harper, J.T. Realmuto, Kyle Schwarber and fellow ace Zack Wheeler turned the Phillies into contenders.

He wants to see it through with a World Series parade.

“Each year better players came through, better guys coming through, forming new relationships, so obviously I love that part about it,” Nola said.

The Phillies’ clubhouse has become a family environment, for sure. Nick Castellanos, Harper and Wheeler have made their kids as much a part of the Phillies as the “Daycare” kids — the nickname given to young players like Alec Bohm, Bryson Stott and Brandon Marsh.

“I see so many kids running around the clubhouse and guys and their sons and daughters,” he said. “It’s pretty cool to see.”

He and his wife, Hunter Jayde, are about to join the parenting club. Nola’s wife posted a pregnancy announcement on her Instagram page hours after the dad-to-be tossed seven shutout innings against the Marlins to earn, ahem, a berth in the NL Division Series.

Not a bad night.

But will the future baby Nola wear a Phillies onesie?

The next step, at least toward a World Series, is knocking off the Diamondbacks. Arizona looked dazed and defeated after it dropped the first two NLCS games against Philadelphia’s homer-heavy lineup. But the Diamondbacks had the gumption to rally late against Philadelphia’s bullpen — an era of kinder, gentler Phillies fans are having their patience tested by Craig Kimbrel — and evened the best-of-seven series at Chase Field.

Schwarber, Harper and Realmuto all homered and the Phillies beat the Diamondbacks 6-1 in Game 5 to take a 3-2 lead. Arizona sends Merrill Kelly (1-1, 3.00 ERA) to the mound in Game 6.

“I think a lot of people didn’t expect us to be here, so I think the fact that we can all kind of come together in that clubhouse and kind of cherish that and kind of use that to our advantage has been big,” Kelly said.

Kelly found himself in a minor fuss ahead of his Game 2 start when he said he doubted Phillies fans could possibly be louder than the ones heard rooting for Team USA in the World Baseball Classic.

Three solo homers allowed, one loss and 45,000 fans roasting him with “Merr-ill! Merr-ill!” chants later, Kelly walked back his words and said he’s now more comfortable in the uncomfortable atmosphere ahead.

“I know the dimensions, know the vantage point from the pitcher’s mound, that type of thing,” he said. “I think I can take just the whole in-game experience and it won’t be fresh.”

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

DAN GELSTON
Gelston is an an Associated Press sports writer covering major college and pro sports in Philadelphia, including the 76ers, Flyers, Eagles, Phillies and Villanova.
twitter
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Devastating Fire Engulfs Kanta manto Market In Accra, Ghana
Travel Noire
:
Advertisement
Watchdog group seeks investig ation into RFK Jr. for voting from a 'sham' address
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Charges against men accused of shooting at Black FedEx driver dismissed
Skip Ad
Ad 
 Unmute
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after...
Authorities say the man who traveled armed to a pizzeria in the nation's capital...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Iowa That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Plastic Surgeon Revea ls: Forget Collagen, Use This Household...
Beverly Hills MD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Three Banks in Iowa That May Offer Jaw Dropping High Intere...
HIGHEST INTEREST RATE
Advertisement:
Your Home's Value Is a Public Record (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
If You Sleep On Your Side, This Simple Trick Will Save Your Shoul...
Most Americans sleep on their side, few know this 'side sleeper trick.
dreamyfoam.com
Advertisement:
Learn More
How to deal with a mice infestation in an old car
How do you deal with mice living in your old car? Do you need to evict mice squat...
Peddle
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
Youth-Boosting Serum is Amazon's Newest Obsession -...
The Skincare Magazine
Advertisement:
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
Appeals court denies bid to block public release of special...
A federal appeals court has denied a bid to block the public release of special couns...
AP News
Trump wants to change colleges nationwide. GOP-led states...
As President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office, both conservative and...
AP News
Three Banks in Counci l Bluffs That May Offer Jaw Dropping High...
HIGHEST INTEREST RATE
Advertisement:
Tired of Gabapentin? Try This Device for Fast Neuropathy Rel...
Health Insight Journal
Advertisement:
Learn More
(SALE - 70% OFF)Genu ine Leather Handmade Cowhide Loafers
ReliefFoot™
Advertisement:
Shop Now
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles, Trump doesn't offer much sym...
As the cataclysmic wildfires rage across Los Angeles, President-elect Donald...
AP News
Canadian leaders say Trump's talk about Canada becoming th...
Trump keeps floating the idea that Canada should join the United States as the 51st...
AP News
I Started Doing This Every Morning, and My Husband Finds M...
ExpertsInGettingSlim
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Trial
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Try Now
Woman’s Surprise Trip To Paris For Gran dparents Goes Viral
Travel Noire
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners: Click to See Prices
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors:Advertisement
Learn More
Top Vet Warns: "Never Do This With An Aging Cat"
Dr. Marty:Advertisement
Click Here
How Much Does Renting a Private Jet in 2025 Cost? The Prices May Surprise You!
Private Jet:Advertisement
Learn More
Why There's No Better Bed Out There Than The Bed, By Thuma
Thuma:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/diamondbacks-phillies-harper-nola-nlcs-9492715ac208509a6327a343a26ab563 
 ----- 
