SKIP TO CONTENT
SKIP TO SITE INDEX
SEARCH & SECTION NAVIGATION

Middle East
Crisis

The Latest
Lebanon’s New President
Israel-Lebanon Truce
Israeli Raids in Syria
Gaza Cease-Fire Talks
Americans, Weary of Foreign Conflicts, Face Another

Interviews with voters in key states show that while there is support for Israel and Ukraine, many are torn about how much the U.S. can or should be involved.

Share full article
278
Police officers created a barrier between supporters of Israel and supporters of Palestinians at a protest in New York. 
Credit...
Kirsten Luce for The New York Times

By Shawn HublerChristian BooneDan SimmonsNicholas Bogel-Burroughs and Jack Healy

Shawn Hubler reported from Sacramento, Christian Boone from Atlanta, Dan Simmons from Wisconsin, Nicholas Bogel-Burroughs from Pennsylvania and Jack Healy from Phoenix.

Published Oct. 21, 2023
Updated Oct. 22, 2023
Sign up for the Tilt newsletter, for Times subscribers only.  Nate Cohn, The Times’s chief political analyst, makes sense of the latest political data. Try it for 4 weeks.

Since the Hamas attack on Israeli citizens two weeks ago and Israel’s subsequent bombing campaign on Gaza, protesters have flooded American streets. Emotional debates have deeply unsettled Jewish and Palestinian communities here and divided college campuses. Threats against synagogues and mosques have spiked, and a 6-year-old Palestinian-American boy in Chicago was stabbed to death.

On Thursday, President Biden asked Americans to stand with Israel in its war against Hamas, and with Ukraine in its war against Russia. He warned that “we are facing an inflection point in history” and is pitching a $105 billion military aid package to help American allies.

Most Americans see the connection between the well-being of their country and Ukraine and Israel. In a poll released by Quinnipiac on Tuesday, nearly two-thirds of voters said supporting Ukraine was in the national interest, and more than three-quarters felt that way about supporting Israel.

But in dozens of interviews in key swing states, many also expressed trepidation as they considered the widening conflicts in the Middle East and Europe. Some questioned how deeply the country should be involved.

Their thoughts — a snapshot in time — reflect the polls but also this nation’s own considerable fractures after nearly a decade of partisan rage, pandemic grief and the open hostility of the Trump years.

Disgusted with the political process and chastened by a chaotic withdrawal from a bruising 20-year war, many said their impulse was to turn inward, away from mounting international tensions and toward problems, such as inflation, that are closer to home.

Subscribe to The Times to read as many articles as you like.

Shawn Hubler is a national correspondent based in California. Before joining The Times in 2020 she spent nearly two decades covering the state for The Los Angeles Times as a roving reporter, columnist and magazine writer, and shared three Pulitzer Prizes won by the paper's Metro staff.  More about Shawn Hubler

Nicholas Bogel-Burroughs reports on national news. He is from upstate New York and previously reported in Baltimore, Albany, and Isla Vista, Calif. More about Nicholas Bogel-Burroughs

Jack Healy is a Phoenix-based national correspondent who focuses on the fast-changing politics and climate of the Southwest. He has worked in Iraq and Afghanistan and is a graduate of the University of Missouri’s journalism school. More about Jack Healy

A version of this article appears in print on Oct. 23, 2023, Section A, Page 11 of the New York edition with the headline: What Voters Think About U.S. Support for Wars in Israel and Ukraine. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
READ 278 COMMENTS
Share full article
278
Site Index
Site Information Navigation
© 2025 The New York Times Company
NYTCoContact UsAccessibilityWork with usAdvertiseT Brand StudioYour Ad ChoicesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptionsYour Privacy Choices

Enjoy unlimited access to all of The Times.

See subscription options

We’ve updated our terms

We encourage you to review our updated Terms of Sale, Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy. By continuing, you agree to the updated Terms listed here.

Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/2023/10/21/us/united-states-israel-ukraine-war.html 
 ----- 
