Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
No rest for the weary: Hoffman ready to take ball for Phillies whenever needed
Philadelphia Phillies relief pitcher Jeff Hoffman throws against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the eighth inning in Game 5 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Phoenix, Saturday, Oct. 21, 2023. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
By MATTHEW DE GEORGE | mdegeorge@21st-centurymedia.com | MediaNews Group
PUBLISHED: October 22, 2023 at 11:42 AM EDT

PHOENIX – On the spectrum of relief pitcher availability, Jeff Hoffman tends toward the side that says unless otherwise notified, he’s ready to go. After working in Games 1, 3 and 4 of the National League Championship Series, though, Hoffman thought it was a good idea to reiterate that fact to Phillies pitching coach Caleb Cotham and bullpen coach David Lundquist.

“After you throw a back-to-back,” Hoffman said, “it needs to be said sometimes.”

Hoffman was ready again Saturday, when a battered bullpen needed a reliable source of outs. As he has often this postseason, he provided them with little consternation in the eighth inning of Game 5, helping bridge from a brilliant Zack Wheeler start to the 27th out by Matt Strahm in a 6-1 win over Arizona.

“This is what postseason baseball is about,” Hoffman said. “I want to be ready for the team every single time I can. I take pride in the recovery and all that.”

The Phillies entered in a bullpen pickle. They had used eight relievers in Friday’s 6-5 loss to even up the NLCS at two games apiece. Four of those relievers had worked in Game 3, too.

Manager Rob Thomson tries desperately to avoid using guys three times in four days, which he had already done with Hoffman and rookie Orion Kerkering. Four outings in five days is fleetingly rare for Thomson.

But the righty handled it without aplomb Saturday, through the heart of the Diamondbacks order. With a 6-1 lead, he gave up a single to Ketel Marte to lead off the eighth. But he struck out Gabriel Moreno, got Christian Walker – who broke a cold snap with a double in the sixth – to pop out to second and induced a grounder to second from Pavin Smith.

It took Hoffman 12 pitches and used up none of the Phillies’ five-run cushion.

“Hoffy’s been huge for us,” catcher J.T. Realmuto said. “You would’ve never known he’s thrown four of the last five. His stuff was as sharp tonight as it’s been all year long. The ability for him to throw three different pitches in the strike zone at any time is what makes him really, really good as a reliever.”

Hoffman was perfect for the spot, given the mission of the moment. The Phillies had stretched the lead from 4-1 to 6-1 on Realmuto’s eighth-inning home run. With that lead, whoever was summoned from the bullpen would need to go after hitters and make them put the ball in play. Hoffman, who walked 19 batters in 52.1 innings, was ideal.

It helped that the pieces fit together. Wheeler shrunk the bullpen’s duties to six outs with five runs to play with by going seven innings. He was untouched until Alek Thomas’s lead-off home run in the seventh, the only run allowed in lowering his ERA to 2.08 in four playoff starts.

That gave Hoffman the eighth and the combination of Seranthony Dominguez and Strahm, both of whom worked in Game 4 but not Game 3, the ninth.

Seeing Wheeler get the job done offered an emotional boost to guys in the bullpen, too.

“We all want to be there and be that guy with the ball in our hand and be that one that does the cool stuff,” Hoffman said. “Wheels is getting to that point where we’re coming to expect it from him. It’s unbelievable the outings that he’s been putting together. “

Hoffman’s tally for the week was impressive. He has recorded 13 outs in this series on 46 pitches. He’s allowed two hits, no walks and no runs (though one inherited runner scored) and struck out seven. It included five outs in Game 4 in which he used 25 pitches, though he said that workload wasn’t so strenuous as to rule him out for Saturday. (His other outings were nine and 10 pitches.)

All this from a guy who struggled in Triple-A and only got his chance with the big club after impressing Bryce Harper and the big league staff in a live batting practice session for the recovering superstar.

Saturday’s task was made easier by the adrenaline Hoffman carried in from the bullpen, before a third straight sellout crowd at Chase Field that had been subdued by Realmuto’s homer.

“A night like tonight, the adrenaline kind of helps carry you through,” Hoffman said. “You might not have your strongest legs or whatever it is, the timing might be off a little bit. But that adrenaline gives you the energy to correct for it.”

Hoffman bounced around as a starter and was set to opt out of his minor league deal with the Phillies to play in Japan this spring. Instead, he’s found a home in Philadelphia, with an uncanny knack for escaping innings when he inherits runners and a slider verging on elite.

That veteran savvy and his appreciation for the moment helps inspire his durability, both mentally and in the hard physical work he puts in to be ready to answer the call.

“It’s always a tough task,” he said. “It’s no joke at all. You’ve got to make sure your tempo is right, you’ve got to make sure your legs are under you. And tonight, I was lucky to have a little bit of a lead so I could really just focus on the center of the plate and throwing strikes.”

Around the Web
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Mystified!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe the Baldness
BioGrow
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
Council Bluffs: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Scientists: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Warning Signs That You Have TNBC (See for Yourself)
TNBC Treatment I Search Ads
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Doing This Will Make Electricity Companies Angry, but They Can't Stop You
Saving Detector
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
This is What Happens When You Eat 2 Bananas Every Day
HEALTH NATURAL
15 Foods You Must Avoid for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
10 Foods You Should Never Eat After 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Council Bluffs Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
Doctors Stunned: One Simple Move Ends Years of Arthritis Pain!
Health News | Joint Pain
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Forget Rogaine, Do This to Fight Thinning Hair (At Home)
WG Hair Restore
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
Swollen Feet & Ankles: Use This to Help Drain Edema Fluid
WellnessGaze Edema
Suffering From Vertigo? Experts Swear by This One-minute Fix
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Three Banks in Council Bluffs May Now Offer 12% Interest on Savings - Check It Out!
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Gum Disease & Tooth Decay Vanish With This Strange Ritual
WellnessGaze Dental
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
tardive
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
‘Nuisance snow’ to hit southeastern PA, NJ Friday into Saturday
‘Nuisance snow’ to hit southeastern PA, NJ Friday into Saturday
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
Guest Oped: The State Must Protect Gun Violence Research in New Jersey (Brady: United Against Gun Violence column)
Guest Oped: The State Must Protect Gun Violence Research in New Jersey (Brady: United Against Gun Violence column)
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Time to raise New Jersey’s speed limits (JEFF EDELSTEIN COLUMN)
Time to raise New Jersey’s speed limits (JEFF EDELSTEIN COLUMN)
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
‘Pizzagate’ gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
‘Pizzagate’ gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Ewing girls basketball’s new cast of characters surge past Allentown
Ewing girls basketball’s new cast of characters surge past Allentown
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MLB
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Former Phillies All-Star Jeff Hoffman signs with Blue Jays on $33 million, 3-year contract
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
2023
October
22
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2023/10/22/no-rest-for-the-weary-hoffman-ready-to-take-ball-for-phillies-whenever-needed/ 
 ----- 
