Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
Barcelona
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Barcelona
FC Barcelona reveals Camp Nou's spectacular new design, Will it be ready for the World Cup?

Construction on the stadium is scheduled to be completed in 2026

Amazing! Club Barcelona unveils the design of the new Camp NouRoberto Ortega
LW
21/10/2023 - 21:45 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
FC Barcelona. Laporta blames Real Madrid for Negreira Case and doesn't expect punishment: The sentence will be favorable
Soccer. Lionel Messi sends get well message to Neymar: What did he say?

FC Barcelona just revealed a render of the new Camp Nou which will begin right away now that the demolition of the previous Camp Nou has been completed and from now on the construction of the new stadium will begin.

The idea is that construction will be finished in 2026, however, the official forecast states that the new stadium will be able to host matches as soon as November 2024. The club wants the stadium to host matches for the 2030 World Cup and, if possible, the final. In the meantime, Barça plays at the Montjuic Olympic Stadium.

Looking ahead to the 2030 FIFA World Cup
MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

The new Camp Nou will be able to host around 104,000 screaming fans in the new stadium. The Spotify Camp Nou had 99,000 seats, so this means 5,000 more fans will be able to attend the exciting matches. Along with this new field, there are four other stadiums that will undergo some kind of renovation for the 2030 World Cup: Santiago Bernabeu, La Cartuja, Cívitas Metropolitano, and San Mamés are the five confirmed venues that will have a new face.

A sustainable stadium

One thing that stands out about the project is that sustainability is key. The impressive new structure will also have an irrigation system that takes advantage of subway water and the solar panels will produce all the energy the stadium will need.

Soccer
Barcelona - English
SoccerIbrahimovic opens up about Messi in MLS, Barcelona, and Raiola's battle with illness
Fútbol InternacionalNeymar nightmare scenario has been confirmed: ACL and meniscus complete tear
SoccerDudu Aouate insults Karim Benzema in five languages for his stance on Palestine
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Meghan Markle devastated by th...
Marca
Iowa Say Goodbye to High Auto Ins...
Financebuzz
Round After Round
YETI
ED Concerns? See What Older Men...
Endure+
New Small Electric Car For Seniors -...
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/barcelona/2023/10/22/65348c86268e3e77028b4570.html 
 ----- 
