Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
R.J. Barrett
NBA fans react to RJ Barrett being accused of propositioning for $17k: “I hope it’s not true”, “Not something I expected”
NBA fans react to RJ Barrett being accused of propositioning for $17k: “I hope it’s not true”, “Not something I expected”
By
Arhaan Raje
Modified Oct 12, 2024 10:55 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
NBA fans react to RJ Barrett being accused of propositioning for $17k: “I hope it’s not true”, “Not something I expected” (Source: Imagn)

RJ Barrett's 2024-25 NBA season is underway with unexpected news. The Raptors star is facing allegations from an X user for owing him $17,000 for propositioning. An X user named Keundray (handle: @ca61006) posted the video Friday.

"Yo, RJ Barrett, will you please send me the money you promised me for f**king me in my a*s?" the user said. "Your accountant is Stephen Reed. He's not answering my phone. Like, what's going on? You said you'd send me the rest of the money by ... Like what's going on, bro?"
Trending
The accuser claims Barrett owes him $17,000 for propositioning

Barrett was trending on X after the video surfaced. Fans reacted to these claims online, with some left shocked and others refusing to believe the Raptors star's involvement.

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

"Damn not RJ, lmao hope it ain’t true dawg," a user wrote.
"RJ Barrett owing a male pr*stitute 17k is not something I expected to be seeing on timeline," added another.
"RJ Barrett s**t wild," one fan said.
"RJ BARRETT WHAT AM I HEARING ABOUT YOU," one user wrote.
"You going to hell dude," one fan said about the accuser.
"Why do you care what RJ Barrett does or doesn’t do off the court. It’s kind of weird," another fan wrote.
RJ Barrett injured ahead of opening night

Barrett won't suit up for the Toronto Raptors ahead of the new season. The Raptors wing is out, citing a sprained AC joint in his shoulder. Barrett will be re-evaluated before opening night to determine a potential timetable.

It's a tough blow for him after he started the preseason with a solid performance in Sunday's opener against the Washington Wizards, scoring 17 points on 7 of 10 shooting. Barrett collided with Jonas Valanciunas while fighting through a screen and exited the contest immediately.

According to TSN, the recovery period for a non-surgical process ranges from two to six weeks, putting his availability for opening night on Oct. 23 against the Cleveland Cavaliers in jeopardy.

An injury of this sort also means that Barrett could initially be off to a slow start. He had a solid summer with Canada at the Paris Olympics and would have hoped to keep the momentum entering the new season.

Toronto Raptors Fan? Check out the latest Toronto Raptors depth chart, schedule, and roster updates all in one place.

Quick Links

NBA Toronto Raptors R.J. Barrett NBA Players and Roster 2024-25
Edited by John Maxwell
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-nba-fans-react-rj-barrett-accused-propositioning-17k-i-hope-it-s-true-not-something-i-expected 
 ----- 
