Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Gurriel brings 'stability, consistency' to lineup in return from IL
Share
Gurriel brings 'stability, consistency' to lineup in return from IL
Left fielder mashes home run to help D-backs win after calf injury
September 21st, 2024

Steve Gilbert

@SteveGilbertMLB
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

MILWAUKEE -- It didn't take long for Lourdes Gurriel Jr. to make his presence felt in the D-backs lineup.

The Arizona left fielder returned from a nearly three-week absence due to a strained left calf and hit a key homer to help the D-backs beat the Brewers, 7-4, on Friday night at American Family Field.

Complete coverage: D-backs' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

The win was the third in a row for the D-backs, who have now won the first two games of this four-game set and the combination of their win along with losses by the Mets and Braves helped Arizona in the NL Wild Card standings.

The D-backs hold the No. 2 Wild Card spot leading the Mets by one game and the Braves by three. Arizona has eight games remaining.

The D-backs led 4-0 before the Brewers put together a four-run rally in the fifth inning, which included three homers, to tie the game and chase Arizona ace Zac Gallen from the game before the sixth.

It felt at that point like the momentum had shifted to the Brewers’ side of the field, but if it did, it didn't stay there for long.

That's because Gurriel led off the top of the sixth with a homer to left-center igniting a three-run rally as the D-backs reclaimed control of the game.

Managers talk all the time about the importance of a shutdown inning -- not allowing the opponent to score in the inning right after you do -- and that was something Brewers manager Pat Murphy lamented after the game.

"You know they're going to fight back, they're that type of team," Murphy said. "They're one of the best offenses in baseball. That's all there is to it. They got [almost] everybody back from a World Series team and added to a World Series team. You get [Gallen] out of there, we've got a chance to win the game. But they came back strong."

The D-backs lead the Majors in runs scored, and the sixth inning was an example of how they've done it.

Related
Prospects headed to D-backs instructional camp

January 9th, 2025

D-backs acquire infielder Kessinger in trade with Astros

January 8th, 2025

Kelly amped to share rotation with Burnes in '25

January 6th, 2025

D-backs get Walker back, but lose Gurriel to IL

September 4th, 2024

Gurriel joins Taylor Hooton Foundation Advisory Board

June 4th, 2024

April 1, 2024

April 1st, 2024

Yes, they got the homer from Gurriel, but they also beat out an infield single and drew three walks, one of which was intentional.

"Our middle relief, we didn't throw well," Murphy said. "The walks are what killed us. You can give up a scratch hit or an infield hit or a four-hopper the other way that gets through, but when you walk two people, that's a [problem]. We don't do that too often, so I'm going to say that's an aberration."

These types of games, however, have not been an aberration for the D-backs.

"Gurriel not allowing a shutdown inning, hits a home run to give us the lead right back," manager Torey Lovullo said. "That's one of the great ingredients of this team. They're very hungry, they're stubborn and they're built to win baseball games, and that's what happened today."

Gurriel injured his calf on Sept. 1, and while he waited for it to fully heal, he did as much work as he could hitting off the Trajekt hitting machine to try and stay sharp.

Thursday, he played four innings and had three at-bats in a simulated game at the team's Spring Training complex in Arizona and then hopped on a plane to Milwaukee.

"I feel great satisfaction, one, by being able to be back on the field in a crucial week like this is," Gurriel said. "And then I not only came back, I got the opportunity to help the team, too. So it's a great night for me."

Pavin Smith filled in primarily while Gurriel was on the injured list and he's played extremely well, slashing .385/.490/.897 during Gurriel's absence.

That’s not to say the D-backs didn’t miss the veteran’s presence.

"Stability, consistency," Lovullo said of what Gurriel brings to the lineup. "He typically hits three or five [in the lineup], and it's just a very dependable at-bat in the middle of any situation. It was nice to see him, see him running out to the left field today."

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Arizona Diamondbacks
Lourdes Gurriel Jr.

Senior Reporter Steve Gilbert has covered the D-backs for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/lourdes-gurriel-jr-hits-home-run-in-return-from-injured-list 
 ----- 
