Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
MLB Scores & Matchups Free Picks Odds Prop Projections Futures News & Analysis MLB Contest World Series Teams Players Standings Statistics Weather Umpires Injuries League Trends Print Sheets
Diamondbacks vs Brewers Prediction, Picks & Odds for Tonight’s MLB Game

The Diamondbacks offense is cruising heading into Friday night and Zac Gallen is on the bump. It's hard to see Arizona not winning handily vs. a potentially-regressing Colin Rea and the Brewers.

Tony Sartori • Betting Analyst
Sep 20, 2024 • 09:46 ET • 4 min read

This article contains predictions for an old game!

Latest MLB Picks
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

This NL series continues on Friday evening with the Milwaukee Brewers hosting the Arizona Diamondbacks at American Family Field. MLB odds have Arizona as a -120 favorite, while the total sits at 8.

My Diamondbacks vs. Brewers predictions are bullish on the favorite, as my MLB picks believe they have the better lineup and the better starting pitcher on Friday, September 20.

Diamondbacks vs Brewers prediction

My best bet
Diamondbacks -1.5 (+140 at bet365)

My analysis

The Arizona Diamondbacks possess one of the best lineups in baseball this season. Arizona ranks in the Top 2 in runs scored per game, hits per game, BA, OBP, SLG, and OPS.

They outrank the Milwaukee Brewers in each of those categories.

This success at the dish is likely to continue against right-hander Colin Rea, who gets the ball for Milwaukee. Through 29 appearances on the mound this season, Rea possesses a 4.14 ERA and a 1.22 WHIP.

His underlying metrics are even more concerning, considering that the right-hander owns a 4.92 xERA and ranks in the Bottom 25% of the league in xBA, average exit velocity, strikeout rate, barrel rate, and hard-hit rate. These woes are likely to continue against the Diamondbacks, a team Rea possesses a 7.20 ERA against through two career meetings.

Meanwhile, Arizona hands the ball to right-hander Zac Gallen. The former third-round pick outranks Rea in ERA, xERA, xBA, average exit velocity, strikeout rate, barrel rate, and hard-hit rate.

Finally, 15 of the D-Backs’ past 17 wins have come by at least a two-run margin, so I have no qualms about heading to the run line tonight rather than the moneyline.

MORE MLB PICKS

Diamondbacks vs Brewers same-game parlay (SGP)

Diamondbacks -1.5

Zac Gallen Over 5.5 strikeouts

Joc Pederson Over 0.5 hits

+360 at DraftKings

I am also going to back Gallen in the prop market as he ranks in the top half of the league in chase, whiff, and strikeout rates. Through 69 combined career plate appearances against Gallen, this current Brewers lineup possesses a 27.5% strikeout rate and a 28.8% whiff rate.

Joc Pederson boasts a .379 xBA through 11 career plate appearances against Rea and has recorded a hit in nine of his past 13 games, so I'll add him to get a knock tonight.

Learn how to bet a same-game parlay with these helpful tips and strategies.

Diamondbacks vs Brewers odds
Diamondbacks vs Brewers live odds

Diamondbacks vs Brewers opening odds
Moneyline: Arizona -125 | Milwaukee +105
Run line: Arizona -1.5 (+135) | Milwaukee +1.5 (-160)
Over/Under: Over 7.5 (-120) | Under 7.5 (+100)
Diamondbacks vs Brewers moneyline and Over/Under analysis
Arizona opened as a -125 favorite and remains at that price as of Friday morning.
I project this line to widen, given that the D-Backs outrank the Brewers in runs scored per game, hits per game, BA, OBP, SLG, OPS, and home runs.
The total opened at 7.5 and has since been bet up to 8.
This line movement makes sense, considering that both lineups rank in the top half of the league in each of those aforementioned categories.
Diamondbacks vs Brewers trend

Fifteen of the D-Backs’ past 17 wins have come by at least two runs. Find more MLB betting trends for Diamondbacks vs. Brewers.

Diamondbacks vs Brewers game info
Location:	American Family Field, Milwaukee, WI
Date:	Friday, 9-20-2024
First pitch:	8:10 p.m. ET
TV:	ARID, Bally Sports Wisconsin
Diamondbacks starting pitcher:	Zac Gallen
(12-6, 3.61 ERA)
Brewers starting pitcher:	Colin Rea
(12-5, 4.14 ERA)
Diamondbacks vs Brewers latest injuries

Diamondbacks vs Brewers weather

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Our team of experts has thoroughly researched and handpicked each product that appears on our website. We may receive compensation if you sign up through our links.

Pages related to this topic
Sports Betting Arizona
Wyoming Sportsbooks
Wisconsin Sports Betting
Arkansas Sports Betting
MLB Betting Sites
Best Arizona Sportsbook Promotions
Best Wyoming Sportsbook Promotions
Best Arkansas Sportsbook Promos
Arizona Online Casinos
   
Tony Sartori
Betting Analyst

Tony Sartori has written over 1,000 pieces of sports betting content across multiple different media outlets. He covers the NHL, UFC, PGA, NFL and MLB. Tony started part-time while attending the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where he went on to receive a B.A. in Economics and a certificate in Entrepreneurship in 2022. He continues to work full-time in the sports betting landscape.

Due to the variety of sports he covers, Tony is handicapping every day. If he had one piece of betting advice for a new sports bettor, it would be to strictly enforce bankroll management rules for yourself. If you set aside $10,000 for your betting bankroll, then you should generally only be betting between $100 - $500 per play.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Same-game parlay
Odds
Trend to know
Game info
Upcoming Picks
 Steelers vs Ravens Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Jason Logan
 Chargers vs Texans Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Neil Parker
 Ohio State vs Texas Predictions, Odds and Picks for the Cotton Bowl
Andrew Caley
Popular Content
 2025 Cy Young Odds: Burnes Joins NL Fray in Arizona
Jason Wilson | Jan 3, 2025
 2025 World Series Odds: Mets Put Chips in on Soto
Jason Wilson | Dec 13, 2024
 2025 MLB MVP Odds: Betting Lines for AL & NL MVP Race
Jason Wilson | Dec 11, 2024
 Juan Soto Next Team Odds: Weighing His Options
Jason Wilson | Dec 4, 2024
 2024 Rookie of the Year Odds: Skenes, Gil Win Honors
Jason Wilson | Nov 19, 2024
 World Series MVP Odds: Freeman Wins World Series MVP
Jason Wilson | Oct 31, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2025 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/mlb/diamondbacks-vs-brewers-prediction-picks-tonight-friday-9-20-2024 
 ----- 
