Skip to main content
CFP SCORES
United States [English]

Soccer

News
Teams
Leagues
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Women's Soccer
Featured

NFL

NBA

MLB

NCAAF

Sports
NFL
NBA
MLB
NHL
Soccer
NCAAF
NCAAMB
NCAAWB
WNBA
Boxing
MMA
WWE
F1
NASCAR
Golf
Tennis
College
High School
Horse Racing
More Sports
Explore More
Fantasy
Betting
Watch
Tickets
Stadium Guides
EDITIONS
United States [English]
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
India
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Portugal vs Iceland prediction, odds, betting tips and best bets for Euro 2024 qualifying match

KYLE BONN

November 19, 2023
•
5:00 am UTC

Cristiano Ronaldo and Portugal, having already secured qualification to the Euro 2024 final tournament, take on Iceland in their finale of the qualifying competition. 

Through nine matches, Portugal have a perfect record, scoring 34 goals and conceding just two in one of the softest collection of opponents in the group stage. Yet even so, their performances have been top-drawer, emphatically confirming their place in the tournament next summer.

Ronaldo is the competition's top scorer with 10 goals of his own, adding to his total on Thursday as Portugal brushed aside Liechtenstein 2-0 in a game that could have ended a lot more lopsided.

Iceland have failed to qualify for the competition through the group stage, but they could still reach the playoff round thanks to their Nations League results. However, that's not guaranteed, as they must hope that neither Serbia nor Ukraine fall out of a qualifying position on the final matchday, which would see those higher-ranked nations consume the final League B spot that Iceland currently occupy.

Regardless, this match has no bearing on how the final standings will look from a qualifying standpoint for either nation and thus only pride and records will be at stake.

USA: Click here to see the latest odds for Portugal vs Iceland and bet Euro 2024 qualifying matches

Portugal vs Iceland match facts
Date: Sunday, November 19, 2023
Kickoff Time: 8:45 p.m. local (2:45 p.m. ET / 11:45 a.m. PT)
Location: Estadio Jose Alvalade (Lisbon, Portugal)
Official: Anastasios Papapetrou (GRE)
Last meeting: Iceland 0-1 Portugal (June 20, 2023 | Euro 2024 qualifying)
Portugal vs Iceland prediction, odds
Moneyline lean: Portugal (-750)
Score prediction: Portugal 4-0 Iceland

Portugal confirmed their place in the Euro 2024 field months ago, but they haven't let their foot off the pedal since. Their 34 goals scored and two goals conceded both stand as the best mark of any nation in the qualification field, partly due to their exceptional form and partly thanks to their exceedingly soft group.

Iceland were competitive a few cycles ago, but they have slipped in recent years. They coughed up four goals to Slovakia last time out, drew with Luxembourg back in October, and needed a stoppage-time winner to beat an extremely down Bosnia & Herzegovina side in September.

Portugal may not have anything to play for, but they are not a match for Iceland at their best, and there's no reason to think that the hosts will let up in front of their fans here in the final qualifying round.

 	Portugal
win	Draw	Iceland
win	Both teams
to score Y / N	Over / Under
3.5 goals	POR
-2.5	ICE
+2.5
DraftKings
(USA)	-750	+800	+1900	+160 / -205	+115 / -155	+110	-150
Portugal vs Iceland: best bet
Pick: Over 3.5 total goals
Odds: +115 (DraftKings)

Portugal couldn't hit the broad side of a barn last time out against Liechtenstein, but they still created loads of chances against a bunkered opponent.

They have struggled to finish for a while now, but while stretches like that for individuals might last, for a collective it's much harder to rely on. If they create the same kind of chances against Iceland that they did against Liechtenstein, they will pour on the goals and hit this total.

Portugal vs Iceland prop bet
Pick: Joao Felix to score anytime
Odds: +160 (DraftKings)

Cristiano Ronaldo's the most likely goal scorer for Portugal by far, but his odds reflect as such and thus are not palatable. Joao Felix, however, sports extremely tasty value.

The Barcelona forward has been prolific for Portugal in recent months, ripping off nine total shots across his last three appearances in October and November. He picked up a goal and assist in the 5-0 win over Bosnia & Herzegovina last month, and he let fly with four efforts against Liechtenstein last time out, unable to hit the target.

Felix is in good form, and so is his team on the whole, so unless Ronaldo hogs all the goals in this match, there should be enough chances to go around, and Joao Felix is likely to be on the receiving end.

Portugal vs Iceland live stream, TV channel
 	TV channel	Streaming
USA	USA Network, Telemundo	Fubo, Peacock, Telemundo Deportes En Vivo
Canada	—	Fubo

MORE: Watch Premier League matches live with Fubo in USA

KYLE BONN

Kyle Bonn, is a Syracuse University broadcast journalism graduate with over a decade of experience covering soccer globally. Kyle specializes in soccer tactics and betting, with a degree in data analytics. Kyle also does TV broadcasts for Wake Forest soccer, and has had previous stops with NBC Soccer and IMG College. When not covering the game, he has long enjoyed loyalty to the New York Giants, Yankees, and Fulham. Kyle enjoys playing racquetball and video games when not watching or covering sports.

Recommended for You
Recommended by
Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NFL Teams
NBA Teams
MLB Teams
Soccer Teams
F1 Teams
Copyright @ 2024 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/us/soccer/news/portugal-vs-iceland-prediction-odds-betting-euro-qualifying/5ef5a6f2a6d274e8a9b9dc52 
 ----- 
