TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Download Our App
Home
TV
Sport
Football
What channel is Republic of Ireland v New Zealand international friendly match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What channel is Republic of Ireland v New Zealand international friendly match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

Check out how to watch Republic of Ireland v New Zealand in an international friendly, including TV channel, radio coverage and kick-off time.

Getty Images
Ned Holmes
Published: Monday, 20 November 2023 at 0:00 pm
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

Tuesday night's game against New Zealand is expected to be the final one of Stephen Kenny's Republic of Ireland tenure.

The friendly against the All Whites will be his 40th match at the helm, having taken the reins from Mick McCarthy in 2020, and on the back of a disappointing Euro 2024 qualifying campaign, it would be a shock if it is not his last.

An exciting young raft of Irish talent, spearheaded by 19-year-old Brighton star Evan Ferguson, is emerging - and the feeling is that a change in the dugout could be what is needed to get the best out of them.

Watch Republic of Ireland v New Zealand on Sky Sports

The Aviva Stadium – the national team's home ground – will be a fitting place for Kenny to bow out, and the visit of New Zealand offers him a chance to finish with a victory.

The Kiwis may be led by Nottingham Forest frontman Chris Wood, but they are ranked 56 places lower than the Republic of Ireland in the world rankings - in 103rd.

More like this
What channel is Republic of Ireland v Hungary international friendly on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

RadioTimes.com has rounded up everything you need to know about how to watch Republic of Ireland v New Zealand on TV and online.

Read more football features: Best players in the world | Best players of all time | Live football on TV today | Premier League TV schedule | Championship TV schedule

When is Republic of Ireland v New Zealand?

Republic of Ireland v New Zealand will take place on Tuesday 21st November 2023.

Check out our live football on TV guide for the latest times and information.

Republic of Ireland v New Zealand kick-off time

Republic of Ireland v New Zealand will kick off at 7:45pm.

What TV channel is Republic of Ireland v New Zealand on?

Fans in the Republic of Ireland will be able to watch the game on RTE2 from 7:30pm but the game has not been picked up for TV coverage in the UK.

How to live stream Republic of Ireland v New Zealand online

Viaplay customers can live stream the game on a variety of devices including most smart TVs, smartphones, and tablets as part of their subscription.

Viaplay Sports is a monthly or annual subscription service available for brand new customers or it can be added to existing Virgin Media and Sky TV packages.

Sign up to watch Viaplay from £11.99 per month with an annual subscription
Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Republic of Ireland v New Zealand odds

In working partnership with the Radio Times, bet365 has provided the following betting odds for this event:

bet365 odds: Republic of Ireland (4/6) Draw (13/5) New Zealand (15/4)*

For all the latest football odds and more, visit bet365 today. Bet £10 & Get £30 in Free Bets for new customers at bet365.

Min deposit requirement. Free Bets are paid as Bet Credits and are available for use upon settlement of bets to value of qualifying deposit. Min odds, bet and payment method exclusions apply. Returns exclude Bet Credits stake. Time limits and T&Cs apply.

*Odds subject to change. 18+. T&Cs apply. BeGambleAware.org. Note – The bonus code RT365 does not change the offer amount in any way.

If you're looking for something else to watch, check out our TV Guide or Streaming Guide, or visit our Sport hub for all the latest news.

Try Radio Times magazine today and get 10 issues for only £10 – subscribe now and celebrate the 60th anniversary of Doctor Who with a special issue of Radio Times. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
Ned Holmes
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is Republic of Ireland v Hungary international friendly on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Ireland v New Zealand Autumn Internationals 2024 match on? Kick-off time, TV details and live stream
Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is Republic of Ireland v Hungary international friendly on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Ireland v New Zealand Autumn Internationals 2024 match on? Kick-off time, TV details and live stream
What channel is Portugal v Republic of Ireland friendly match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Republic of Ireland v Finland Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Win a trip to see The Railway Children

with Bradford City of Culture 2025. One Radio Times reader will win a wonderful trip for four to see The Railway Children. As well as tickets to the show, you will enjoy an overnight stay in a Suite at the four-star Cedar Court Hotel Bradford

ENTER NOW
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2025
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/sport/football/republic-ireland-new-zealand-international-friendly-2023-24-preview/ 
 ----- 
