Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Sign in
Int
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Search jobs
Holidays
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Newsletters
Today's paper
Inside the Guardian
The Observer
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
World
Europe
US
Americas
Asia
Australia
Middle East
Africa
Inequality
Global development
View image in fullscreen
A pro-Palestine mural by the artist Emmalene Blake in the Harold's Cross area of Dublin. Photograph: Niall Carson/PA
Ireland
 This article is more than 1 year old
Analysis
‘It’s part of our psyche’: why Ireland sides with ‘underdog’ Palestine
This article is more than 1 year old
Rory Carroll and Lisa O'Carroll

Ireland is seen as an outlier in the EU – but its sympathy for the suffering in Gaza is rooted in its own history

Mon 20 Nov 2023 10.27 GMT
Share

The video clips have pinged around the world on social media eliciting applause, anger and a puzzled question: why are Irish politicians so outspoken about Israel’s bombardment of Gaza?

The taoiseach, Leo Varadkar, described the assault as “approaching revenge”, the foreign minister, Micheál Martin, called it “disproportionate” and opposition politicians went much further in calling it mass murder. Some wore the keffiyeh in parliament.

Pro-Palestinian commentators have hailed the statements as an example to the rest of Europe on how to denounce an offensive that has reportedly killed more than 11,000 people.

Pro-Israelis have called Ireland’s responses blinkered and a negation of Israel’s right to defend itself after Hamas killed more than 1,200 people and kidnapped more than 240 in southern Israel on 7 October.

Israel’s heritage minister, Amichai Eliyahu, urged Palestinians to “go to Ireland or the desert”. Israel’s government disowned his suggestion, but the outburst underscored a perception that Ireland is an outlier in the European Union.

There have been pro-Palestinian marches across Ireland and opposition parties have tried – but failed – to compel the government to refer Israel to the international criminal court and expel Israel’s ambassador, Dana Erlich. More than 600 academics signed a letter urging universities to sever institutional links with Israeli institutions.

“Irish people are passionate about Palestine, they really understand what’s happening,” Jilan Wahba Abdalmajid, the Palestinian ambassador to Ireland, said in an interview at her mission’s office in Dublin. “I’m privileged to be here.”

View image in fullscreen
Jilan Wahba Abdalmajid, the Palestinian ambassador to Ireland, at her mission’s office in Dublin. Photograph: Rory Carroll/The Guardian

She lauded the government’s campaign for a ceasefire and said she had been honoured by a rapturous ovation at a Sinn Féin party conference, where delegates chanted “free Palestine”. Palestinians were sharing clips of Irish legislators backing their cause, said Abdalmajid. “They see the support.”

Sympathy for Palestinians is rooted in Ireland’s history, said Niall Holohan, a retired diplomat who was based in Ramallah from 2002-2006 as the Irish government’s representative to the Palestinian Authority. “We feel we have been victimised over the centuries. It’s part of our psyche – underneath it all we side with the underdog.”

Jane Ohlmeyer, a Trinity College Dublin history professor and the author of Making Empire: Ireland, Imperialism, and the Early Modern World, said Ireland had been Britain’s oldest colony and a template for Palestine. “This has undoubtedly shaped how people from Ireland engage with postcolonial conflicts.”

Even before the latest conflict, parts of Northern Ireland were using proxy tribal identifications – Israeli flags for loyalist areas and Palestinian iconography for republican areas.

Holohan claims that another factor in Ireland’s outlook has been its tiny community of approximately 2,500 Jews – barely 0.05% of the population – that contrasts with sizeable and influential Jewish communities in Britain and France.

Ireland was the first EU state to endorse Palestinian statehood – in 1980 – and the first last month to publicly denounce the Hungarian commissioner, Olivér Várhelyi, after he unilaterally announced on social media that all funding for Palestinians would be suspended. Varadkar also accused Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission’s pro-Israel president, of “lacking balance”.

Ireland got public support from Jean Asselborn, Luxembourg’s outgoing foreign minister. He told reporters this week, before his last ministers’ summit in Brussels, that for the past decade EU member states “didn’t give a fuck” about Palestinian statehood – with two exceptions. “There were two countries here that tried to put it on the agenda, me and the Irish.”

Ireland strives to nudge the EU towards “a more just” position but avoids solo runs, said Holohan, who noted that France and other members had echoed its call for a ceasefire. “We want to remain within the European consensus.”

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to This is Europe

Free weekly newsletter

The most pressing stories and debates for Europeans – from identity to economics to the environment

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

On Thursday Martin, the foreign minister, visited a kibbutz that was targeted on 7 October and met Israeli and Palestinian leaders. He called the Hamas attack “savage” and reiterated a plea for a ceasefire in Gaza, saying Israel’s belief in a military solution was mistaken.

View image in fullscreen
A protest message covers a Belfast hillside during the International Friendly between Northern Ireland and Israel at Windsor Park in 2018. Photograph: James Williamson/AMA/Getty Images

Ireland’s underdog impulse originally resulted in support for the Jewish quest for an embryonic nation state – a sentiment reciprocated by the Zionist Irgun movement that drew on the experience of Irish rebels when it fought the British occupation of Palestine in the 1940s.

But Israel’s capture of the West Bank in 1967 and invasion of Lebanon in 1982 – which put Irish UN peacekeepers in the firing line – helped tilt Dublin’s sympathies.

“It has morphed into the narrative that while the Irish fought to remove the occupiers so, too, are the Palestinians trying to remove the ‘occupiers’,” said Maurice Cohen, chair of the Jewish Representative Council of Ireland. He said people forgot that the former Israeli president Chaim Herzog – father of the current president, Isaac Herzog – was born in Belfast and grew up in Dublin.

Antisemitism was proliferating on social media and condemnation of Hamas atrocities tended to be perfunctory – “a collective ‘selective amnesia’ to October 7 appears to have set in”, said Cohen. “Most concerning is the surreptitious shunning and remarks and collective blame in the workplace where there are Jewish people and Israelis present.”

Holohan, the retired diplomat, said Irish people had a blind spot about Hamas, which he called a repressive and extremist Islamist organisation. “They simply don’t know enough about it.”

Cieren Perry, a councillor who sponsored a failed motion to fly a Palestinian flag over Dublin city hall, said he hoped outrage over Gaza’s suffering would force the Irish government to send stronger signals to Washington and Brussels. “It’s mad, mind-boggling, to think there are people not calling for a ceasefire.”

 This article was amended on 23 November 2023 to remove part of a quote for editorial reasons. An earlier footnote was wrong to state that the Jewish population in Ireland was roughly similar, proportionately, to the Jewish population in the UK. The percentage figures are in fact different by a factor of 10 (about 0.05% in Ireland, and roughly 0.5% in the UK). An earlier amendment to the text made on 21 November 2023 has been removed and the original text restored.

Explore more on these topics
Ireland
Gaza
Europe
Middle East and north Africa
Israel
Antisemitism
European Union
analysis
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
World
Europe
US
Americas
Asia
Australia
Middle East
Africa
Inequality
Global development
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Search UK jobs
Back to top
© 2025 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2023/nov/20/ireland-palestine-ceasefire-gaza 
 ----- 
