MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Coby White stars as Bulls rally past Spurs for 114-110 victory
Updated Jan. 6, 2025 10:39 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

CHICAGO (AP) — Coby White made a go-ahead layup with 47 seconds left, and the Chicago Bulls topped Victor Wembanyama and the San Antonio Spurs 114-110 on Monday night.

Zach LaVine had 35 points, 10 rebounds and eight assists for Chicago, which trailed by 19 before rallying in the fourth quarter. Nikola Vucevic had 24 points and 11 boards, and White finished with 23 points.

After White's layup gave the Bulls their first lead at 111-110, Devin Vassell threw away the ball for San Antonio. White then drove into the lane and dunked over a late-arriving Wembanyama, delighting the crowd of 18,886 at the United Center.

Wembanyama had 23 points, 14 rebounds and eight blocks for San Antonio, which carried a 95-82 lead into the final period. Chris Paul added 18 points and nine assists in the opener of a four-game trip.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Chicago used an 11-0 run to trim San Antonio's lead to 79-71 with 5:24 left in the third quarter. But then Paul made two foul shots, a pullup jumper and a 3-pointer to extend the Spurs' advantage to 86-73 with 4:18 remaining in the period.

Takeaways

Spurs: With his length and athleticism, Wembanyama led the way on the defensive side. But he got some help, too. Vassell blocked three shots and grabbed two steals.

Bulls: Won for the fourth time in five games. They also rallied for a wild 139-126 victory over the New York Knicks on Saturday night.

Key moment
7 Ways to Retire Comfortably With $1M
How long will your portfolio last in retirement? For those with a $1 million portfolio, get this guide to learn more.
Fisher Investments|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Follow a Food Trail across Oregon’s Bounty
Whether you’re a wine, seafood or berry lover, Oregon’s Food Trails offer unique itineraries to suit every palate.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
2024 NFL Wild Card picks, predictions: Back Russell Wilson Under passing yards
Geoff Schwartz is back with his best bets for Wild Card Weekend. Find out why he's backing the Bucs to cover the first half and how he's wagering on Russell...
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.

San Antonio led 110-103 with 3:53 left, but Vucevic and LaVine each made a 3 to get Chicago within one with 2:38 to go.

Key stat

Chicago went 5 for 8 from 3 in the fourth quarter, compared to 1 for 9 for San Antonio.

Up next

Both teams play again Wednesday night. San Antonio visits Milwaukee, and Chicago is at Indiana.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 NBA Mock Draft 1.0: Debate at the top with Cooper Flagg and Dylan Harper
'I was not prepared for what I saw': Lakers coach JJ Redick details devastation from Palisades Fire
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Coby White
Chicago Bulls
San Antonio Spurs
National Basketball Association
Chris Paul
Devin Vassell
Nikola Vucevic
Zach LaVine
Coby White
San Antonio Spurs
Chicago Bulls
NBA - San Antonio Spurs vs. Chicago Bulls - 01/07/2025
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/coby-white-stars-as-bulls-rally-past-spurs-for-114110-victory 
 ----- 
