Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 963 partners
It's News:
Matthew Stafford wife
Jayden Daniels
Jason Kelce
Magic Johnson Commanders
Super Bowl 2025
Arch Manning
Deion Sanders
Angel Reese
Pete Alonso
Roki Sasaki Dodgers
Alcaraz - Nishioka
Coco Gauff
Makhachev vs Topuria
IShowSpeed
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student Loan Debt
Social Security Benefits
SSI Income Limit
IRS Free File Trax Credits
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NCAA
News
College Basketball
College Football
NCAA
Coach Prime's fear tactics revealed in stunning behind-the-scenes video from Colorado sideline

Deion Sanders confronted his player after dumb penalty

Deion Sanders was not happy during Colorado's opening game strugglesInstagram: cubuffsfootball
PARKER JOHNSON
Actualizado 31/08/2024 - 19:09 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NCAAF. Nick Saban College GameDay video shows exactly how he feels about working on ESPN with Pat McAfee
NCAAF. Deion Sanders had to hold back his anger during Colorado's narrow victory as doubts loom over the team

The Colorado Buffaloes' opening week victory against North Dakota State didn't come without some bumps along the way. The tension in Boulder was encapsulated in a video released by Deion Sanders Jr. after the game, showing the fear of a Colorado player when Coach Prime confronted him after a dumb penalty.

Watch Deion Sanders and Warren Sapp confront Colorado player

Deion Sanders' in-your-face leadership style is no secret. His inspiring speeches are backed up by demanding practices and extreme standards that have resulted in the departure of countless transfers from previous eras of Buffs football who couldn't keep up.

When senior defensive end Dayon Hayes committed a needless penalty with the outcome of the game still in the balance, he braced for the worst when he returned to the sideline. Waiting for him were Sanders and Pro Football Hall of Famer Warren Sapp, who is a defensive assistant for the Buffaloes.

In this case, Coach Prime engaged in psychological warfare by not giving the reaction Hayes might have been expecting. The former Florida State star put his hand on the young man's shoulder and calmly told him to do better.

However, Sapp stepped in as the bad cop to Sanders' good cop routine, giving Hayes a piece of his mind. As one Instagram comment put it, "Sapp gave him that look ( I'm going to hit you )"

"Sapp was looking through that kid's soul!" another fan wrote in the comments.

Colorado not satisfied after sloppy win
MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry's...
Marca
Jennifer Garne...
Marca

Sanders' unique coaching tactics continued after the game in the same video, which showed him delivering an unsatisfied message in the locker room after the win. "You had more points than the other team, but they won," he said.

Behind big performances from Shedeur Sanders and Travis Hunter, Colorado held on for the 31-26 win. Deion barely held back his anger after the game, but the only thing that CU fans care about is a 1-0 record. If he has to put fear in some players along the way - or lean on his other coaches to do it - then that's the way it has to be.

Deion Sanders - English
Colorado Buffaloes - English
NCAAF - English
NCAAShedeur Sanders gets praise even from his haters after 'impressive' 2024 season debut
NCAADeion Sanders' mantra against critics leading up to theCoorado Buffaloes' NCAA season
NCAATravis Hunter gets real and reveals Deion Sanders biggest 'secret' to success at Colorado
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Taylor Swift make s trade for Travis...
Marca
Prince Harry confe sses to friends...
Marca
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Senioren zweren bij deze verborge...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/ncaa/2024/09/01/66d3a74e46163fc55b8b456f.html 
 ----- 
