Business Today
BT Bazaar
India Today
Northeast
India Today Gaming
Cosmopolitan
Harper's Bazaar
Brides Today
Ishq FM
Aaj Tak
GNTTV
iChowk
Kisan Tak
Lallantop
Malyalam
Bangla
Sports Tak
Crime Tak
Aajtak Campus
Astro tak
Subscribe
News
LATEST
Trends
India vs Pakistan Asia Cup Super Fours: When and where to watch?

Feedback

India vs Pakistan Asia Cup Super Fours: When and where to watch?
Team India's opening partnership has been a worry so far, with both batters failing to make a mark. Openers KL Rahul and captain Rohit Sharma would be aiming to improve their performances in the game.
Business Today Desk
Updated Sep 04, 2022, 10:27 AM IST
Asia Cup 2022: India v Pakistan

Cricket fans, on Sunday, will get to witness yet another high-voltage face-off between India and Pakistan as the two teams lock horns in the Asia Cup 2022’s Super 4 stage. This will be the second time that the two teams would be facing each other in the tournament.

Team India heads into the Super 4 phase with a clean record and is at the top of the points table with four points after achieving two wins in two matches. Pakistan, on the other hand, is in second place with one win in two matches and two points. India had beaten Pakistan by five wickets in their previous clash.

Team India's opening partnership has been a worry so far, with both batters failing to make a mark. Openers KL Rahul and captain Rohit Sharma would be aiming to improve their performances in the game.

However, the middle order has shown great promise with the likes of Virat Kohli, Hardik Pandya and Suryakumar Yadav bailing India out of difficult situations. Ahead of the clash, India has also received a setback with Ravindra Jadeja’s injury. Jadeja, due to a knock to the knee, is also set to miss the T20 World Cup later this year.

For Pakistan, Shahnawaz Dahani has been ruled out of the match due to a suspected side strain. Dahani was economical as a bowler and also made 16 runs off six balls in the first clash last Sunday.

Here’s all you need to know about today’s India vs Pakistan Asia Cup 2022 Super Fours:

Team India:

Rohit Sharma, KL Rahul, Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Rishabh Pant, Dinesh Karthik, Hardik Pandya, Axar Patel, Ravichandran Ashwin, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Arshdeep Singh, Ravi Bishnoi, Avesh Khan, Deepak Hooda, Yuzvendra Chahal

Team Pakistan:

Babar Azam, Shadab Khan, Fakhar Zaman, Haider Ali, Haris Rauf, Iftikhar Ahmed, Khushdil Shah, Mohammad Nawaz, Mohammad Rizwan, Mohammad Wasim Jr, Naseem Shah, Shahnawaz Dahani, Usman Qadir, Asif Ali, Mohammad Hasnain.

At what time will the IND vs PAK Asia Cup 2022 Super 4 match start?

The India vs Pakistan Asia Cup 2022 Super 4 match will begin at 7:30 PM IST.

Where can I watch the live streaming of the IND vs PAK Asia Cup 2022 Super 4 match?

The India vs Pakistan Asia Cup 2022 Super 4 match will be streamed LIVE on Disney+ Hotstar.

Where will IND vs PAK Asia Cup 2022 Super 4 match be held?

The India vs Pakistan Asia Cup 2022 Super 4 match will be held in Dubai.

Which TV channels will broadcast IND vs PAK Asia Cup 2022 Super 4 match?

The India vs Pakistan Asia Cup 2022 Super 4 match will be aired LIVE on the Star Sports Network.

What happened in the last IND vs PAK Asia Cup 2022 match?

India beat Pakistan by five wickets the last time the two teams met in Asia Cup 2022 on August 28.

When will Asia Cup 2022 end?

Asia Cup 2022 will end on September 11, 2022, with the final in Dubai.

SPOTLIGHT

'14 years of experience, I decided to sacrifice...': Mumbai graphic designer turns auto driver after job market struggles

Happy New Year 2025 wishes: 100+ wishes, quotes, WhatsApp messages, greetings to share with your loved ones

'Biwi bhaag jayegi': Gautam Adani claps back at Narayana Murthy over 70-hour work week debate

IMD predicts warmer January across India with below-normal rainfall in north, forecast for cold wave in central India 

'Pushpa 2: The Rule' box office collection day 28: Allu Arjun's film sees 70% boost in India daily biz, makes this much

You can now play Squid Game's Red Light, Green Light game inside Google Search; here’s how

'Influencer ko founder banne ka kida...': Youtuber's ₹1 crore sales in 1 hour stuns Shark Tank judges

'Typical Mercedes or Land Rover showroom attitude...': CEO says sorry after WeWork Gurgaon backlash

Published on: Sep 04, 2022, 10:27 AM IST
IN THIS STORY
#India Vs Pakistan
#india vs pakistan asia cup 2022
#pakistan vs india
#india vs pakistan asia cup
#Ind vs Pak
#india vs pakistan 2022
#india vs pakistan match
#india vs pakistan prediction
#pak vs india asia cup
#Pakistan
#asia cup 2022 india vs pakistan
#pakistan vs india asia cup 2022
#pak media on india win against pakistan
#india vs pak asia cup
#india vs pakistan t20 2022
Follow Us on
Channel
 TOP STORIES
Standard Glass, Quadrant Future Tek, Capital Infra in ₹2,400 crore IPO rush this week
'Servants from abroad...': Bernie Sanders says 'cheap labour' via H-1B making billionaires like Elon Musk rich
'HMPV has been observed in India...': Top health experts as another virus spreads in China
H-1B visa: Indian tech companies dominate allocations in 2024. Infosys, TCS lead with maximum recipients 
'Demographic decline is hard to reverse': Zoho CEO warns of China's decline, says he wants to pursue pro-baby policies
 TOP VIDEOS
2:00
Samir Arora On Why HDFC Bank Continues To Be A Key Stock In Portfolios
3:00
Axis Bank’s Neelkanth Mishra Says The Indian Economy Is On The Mend Again
2:25
IPO Market In 2025: Can Investors Expect Big Gains In The New Year?
3:55
Samir Arora On Investing In Zomato & Swiggy For Future Growth
8:49
From “Stable Mediocrity” To “Unintended Consolidation”, Economists Decode Growth
Standard Glass, Quadrant Future Tek, Capital Infra in ₹2,400 crore IPO rush this week
11 stocks join ₹1 lakh crore club: Hyundai, Swiggy lead large-cap surge
RBI allows HDFC Bank to acquire 9.50% stake in AU Small Finance Bank within 1 year
Mark Mobius sees opportunity in weaker Rupee; know how can it help, which sectors can benefit
Bank of Baroda announces business updates for Q3, check details
   
 
Economy Corporate Markets
Trending Magazine COVID-19
Infra Pharma Real Estate
Stocks Auto World
Education Jobs Lifestyle
About us Contact us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Partners Press Releases
Design Partner 
 

Copyright©2025 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today

Home

Market

BT TV

Reels

Menu

Bangladesh scripts history: Sheikh Hasina's father no longer credited with declaring independence in textbooks

RECOMMENDED

Fighting a divorce? Know how property, money, other joint assets are split in case of breakups

RECOMMENDED

'Typical Mercedes or Land Rover showroom attitude...': CEO says sorry after WeWork Gurgaon backlash

TRENDING

Pushpa 2 box office collection Day 31: Fastest to ₹1,800 crore, Allu Arjun starrer targets Aamir Khan's Dangal crown

TRENDING

'Final meal of the day...': Tech millionaire Bryan Johnson reveals the 'secret to eternal youth'

TRENDING

'Pushpa 2: The Rule' box office collection day 23: Allu Arjun starter all set to reach Rs 2,000 cr mark, but 4th Friday collection see a massive...

MOST READ

Breaking new ground in gaming: Realme and KRAFTON’s vision for India’s esports ecosystem

RECOMMENDED

'Pushpa 2: The Rule' box office collection day 28: Allu Arjun's film sees 70% boost in India daily biz, makes this much

MOST READ

Goa or Thailand? Capitalmind CEO Deepak Shenoy reveals what tipped the scales this New Year

TRENDING

You can now play Squid Game's Red Light, Green Light game inside Google Search; here’s how

TRENDING
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.businesstoday.in/latest/trends/story/india-vs-pakistan-asia-cup-super-fours-when-and-where-to-watch-346318-2022-09-04 
 ----- 
