INDIA TODAY
AAJ TAK
GNTTV
LALLANTOP
BUSINESS TODAY
BANGLA
MALAYALAM
NORTHEAST
BT BAZAAR
HARPER'S BAZAAR
SPORTS TAK
CRIME TAK
ASTRO TAK
GAMING
BRIDES TODAY
COSMOPOLITAN
KISAN TAK
ISHQ FM
INDIA TODAY HINDI
READER’S DIGEST
AAJ TAK CAMPUS
Magazine
Live TV
Search
SIGN IN
Edition
IN
Subscribe
Home
TV
Live TV
Primetime
Elections
Delhi
Maharashtra
Jharkhand
Magazine
Latest Edition
Insight
Best Colleges
Life+Style
India
South
Global
Business
All Sports
Sports Today
Cricket
Football
Tennis
Technology
Entertainment
Showbuzz
Bollywood
Hollywood
OTT
Latest Reviews
Newspresso
Specials
Podcasts
First Things Fast
Sunday Special
History of It
NewsMo
DIU
Interactives
Opinion
Games
Videos
Short Videos
Fact Check
Other News
Education
It's Viral
Science
Health
Auto
Law Today
Environment
Cities
Weather
Web Stories
Horoscopes
DOWNLOAD APP
Follow Us On:
NewsSportsCricketAsia Cup: Virat Kohli 60 in vain as Pakistan beat India in last-over thriller
SPORTS
All
Cricket
IPL auction
Match-Centre
BGT Tests
Football
Tennis
Formula One
Other Sports
Videos
Venues

India vs Pakistan, Super 4: Virat Kohli 60 in vain as Pakistan win last-over thriller in Asia Cup 2022
Asia Cup 2022: Mohammad Rizwan's 71 and a quickfire 41 from Mohammad Nawaz helped Pakistan successfully chase down 182 in their Super Four match in Dubai on Sunday, September 4. Virat Kohli's 60 went in vain as India paid the price for some ordinary bowling and fielding.

Listen to Story

Share
ADVERTISEMENT
Virat Kohli hit a brisk 60 to help India post 181 in 20 overs for India vs Pakistan in Dubai on Sunday (AP Photo)
Akshay Ramesh
New Delhi,UPDATED: Sep 4, 2022 23:59 IST
In Short
Pakistan defeated India by 5 wickets in the Super 4 match
Rizwan and Nawaz shone in a 73-run match-winning stand
Virat Kohli hit 60 off 44 to help India post 181, which wasn't enough

Pakistan avenged their group-stage defeat to India by beating their arch-rivals in their first match of Asia Cup 2022 Super 4 stage on Sunday, September 4. Mohammad Rizwan's solid 71 and a stunning counter-attack from all-rounder Mohammad Nawaz helped Babar Azam's men complete a 5-wicket win.

Pakistan gunned down a 182-run target in a last-over thriller. Pakistan needed just 7 runs in the last 6 balls but young Arshdeep Singh gave it his all to take the match to the wire. He dismissed Asif Ali in the final over but Pakistan hit the winning runs in the penultimate delivery.

ADVERTISEMENT

The 5-wicket win will give Babar Azam's men a great chance to reach the final of the continental tournament. This was also Pakistan's highest successful T20I chase vs India in Dubai.

MUST READ

Don't take things for granted: Details of Gambhir's dressing room dressing-down

TRENDING TOPICS:
Border-Gavaskar Trophy
New Year 2025
Delhi Election

India bowlers failed to step up on the big night as the likes of Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Hardik Pandya and Yuzvendra Chahal were taken to the cleaners. India now need to win their remaining Super 4 matches against Sri Lanka and Afghanistan to stand a chance of reaching the final.

India vs Pakistan, Super 4 Highlights Asia Cup 2022

Earlier on Sunday, India posted 181 on the board in their quota of 20 overs after a welcome fifty from Virat Kohli, his second in the ongoing Asia Cup campaign. Kohli could not get going in the final over wherein he also farmed strike as the former captain played out as many as 3 dot balls against Haris Rauf, who was exceptional at the death for Pakistan. Kohli got out in the 4th ball of the final over as he failed in his attempt to convert a single into a double, getting run-out.

However, Kohli led India's charge after the powerplay as he anchored the Indian innings even as he was losing partners at regular intervals. Kohli hit 60 off 44 balls, hitting a six and 4 boundaries in a knock that once again established that the former captain is slowly but steadily regaining form in the shortest format of the game.

Kohli ran hard between the wickets and made up for not taking risks and hitting the big ones consistently. It was Kohli's 7th fifty in Asia Cup history as the star batter took his tally to 154 runs in 3 matches.

Questions were asked about Kohli's place in the T20I side after a poor run in England. Kohli had scored only 81 runs in 4 T20Is in 2022 but the former skipper took a break for the West Indies and Zimbabwe tours. Ever since his return, Kohli has looked relaxed, as pointed out by former head coach Ravi Shastri, and showed glimpses of regaining the rhythm that has eluded him in the recent past.

Virat Kohli did the job in the middle overs after India got off to a stunning start, thanks to captain Rohit Sharma and vice-captain KL Rahul. Rohit made his intentions clear from the word go, dancing down the track to hit a boundary against impressive young Pakistan pacer Naseem Shah in the first over. Rohit hit a six to finish the first over - a trademark pick-up shot that flew into the mid-wicket stands.

ADVERTISEMENT

Rohit kept going for it and KL Rahul, who looked shaky in the group stage, showed signs of regaining his touch with a 28-ball 20 when he hit two confident sixes. The opening partnership between Rahul and Rohit read 54 in just 5 overs as India walked the talk of being aggressive and proactive at the top.

MIDDLE-ORDER FLOPS

However, India's middle-order struggled to get going in the big-ticket match against Pakistan.

Suryakumar failed to get going, managing 13 off just 10 deliveries before falling to Mohammad Nawaz in the 10th over. Suryakumar, who had torn into the Hong Kong batting unit, could not get the same rhythm going against the Pakistan spinners in the middle overs.

India's decision to send Rishabh Pant at No. 5 failed as the wicketkeeper-batter, who made the XI ahead of Dinesh Karthik, struggled to get going. He looked scratchy, managing just 14 runs in 12 balls before getting out to Shadab Khan. Pant tried to reverse sweep the leg-spinner but was caught at point. It was a disappointing knock from Pant, who did not look convincing.

ADVERTISEMENT

It was an off-day for Hardik Pandya as well as the all-rounder fell for a 2-ball duck. Hardik chipped a Mohammad Hasnain delivery straight to the short mid-wicket fielder in Nawaz.

India were reeling at 131 for 5 in the 15th over before Kohli joined hands with Deepak Hooda, who was sent in at No. 7, months after he hit a T20I hundred batting higher-up the order.

Hooda could not do the finishing act to perfection as the all-rounder managed just 16 from 14 deliveries.

Ravi Bishnoi made sure India got past 180 as he hit two boundaries, thanks to misfielding from Fakhar Zaman in the last two deliveries of the final over.

Published By:
Akshay Ramesh
Published On:
Sep 4, 2022
--- ENDS ---
Also Read | Asia Cup 2022: Babar Azam furious with Fakhar Zaman for misfielding twice in last over against India
Watch Live TV
Follow Us On:
TRENDING TOPICS
Mufasa The Lion King Review
Ambedkar Row
Delhi AQI
Mumbai Boat Accident
LATEST
Horoscope Today
DOWNLOAD APP
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ARCHIVES
Copyright © 2025 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatoday.in/sports/cricket/story/india-vs-pakistan-asia-cup-2022-super-4-score-rizwan-nawaz-virat-kohli-1996396-2022-09-04 
 ----- 
