English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / Asia Cup 2022 Super 4 Match Prediction: India vs Pakistan - Who will win T20I match between India and Pakistan?

Asia Cup 2022 Super 4 Match Prediction: India vs Pakistan - Who will win T20I match between India and Pakistan?
The arch-rivals produced a thriller in their first meeting and a similar kind of game will be on the cards when they meet on Sunday.

RITESH PATHAK
Author

Updated - 03 Sep 2022 12:17 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: 04 September 2022
Time : 07:30 PM IST
Venue : Dubai International Cricket Stadium, Dubai
Ball-by-ball commentary : SportsTiger App

Preview

India and Pakistan are all set to meet again at the Asia Cup 2022 as the Super 4 stage of the tournament kicks off. The arch-rivals produced a thriller in their first meeting and a similar kind of game will be on the cards when they meet on Sunday. Both the teams have got some really good players who will be eager to help their team reign supreme in a high-octane clash. While India are coming on the back of two good wins in the group stage, Pakistan thrashed Hong Kong in their second group stage game. 

Pitch Report

The Dubai pitch has behaved like a typical UAE surface so far. Scoring runs has not been easy with the wicket being sticky in the early part of the games. However, the last game played at the venue was a high-scoring game. But there was a decent amount of help for bowlers with the ball not coming onto the bat nicely. So, the pitch for the India-Pakistan game is expected to be a slower one. 


Team Analysis

India:
The Men in Blue have fared decently so far at the Asia Cup 2022. India won both their games in the group stage. While the bowlers dominated in the first match, it was all about the batters in the second match. Virat Kohli was among the runs in both matches which is an excellent sign for India. Suryakumar Yadav finding his rhythm will also help India. The first match’s hero Hardik Pandya who was rested in the match against Hong Kong, will be back in the lineup for the big game. 

But Ravindra Jadeja getting ruled out has come as a massive blow for India as the all-rounder was looking in good touch. KL Rahul’s rusty form is also a major concern for India as they have failed to get a good start. Rohit Sharma will look to convert his starts and post a big score. The bowlers, especially Avesh Khan and Arshdeep Singh will have to regain their control if India are to beat Pakistan for the second time in a row. 

SportsTiger Playing XI of India

Rohit Sharma (C), KL Rahul, Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Rishabh Pant (wk), Hardik Pandya, R Ashwin, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Avesh Khan, Arshdeep Singh, Yuzvendra Chahal

Pakistan:
After losing a last-over thriller to India in their first group stage match, Pakistan showed why they are the top favourites to win the tournament. The Babar Azam-led side thrashed Hong Kong by 155 runs to enter Super 4s in style. Now, they will be once again up against their arch-rivals India. The Men in Green will look to avenge their defeat in the group stage and bring joy to their fans. It won’t be easy for them though. Although Mohammad Rizwan and Fakhar Zaman scored runs against Hong Kong, captain Babar Azam once again departed cheaply. But that remains the only concern for Pakistan as rest of their players lived up to the expectations. 

Shadab Khan and Mohammad Nawaz wreaked havoc as they shared seven wickets among themselves against Hong Kong. Pacer Naseem Shan and Shahnawaz Dahini were also brilliant taking two and one wickets respectively. 

SportsTiger Playing XI of Pakistan

Babar Azam (C), Mohammad Rizwan (wk), Fakhar Zaman, Khushdil Shah, Iftikhar Ahmed, Asif Ali, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Nawaz, Haris Rauf, Shahnawaz Dahini, Naseem Shah

Match Prediction

  


Conclusion

India are in good form and have some really good resources. Meanwhile, Pakistan may suffer due to its reliance on a few marquee players. 

Disclaimer: The opinions expressed within this article are the author’s point of view. They neither reflect the opinion of SportsTiger nor advise anyone to make any prediction based on this. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility and liability for the same.

IndiaPakistanIndia vs PakistanAsia Cup 2022
LATEST NEWS

05 January 2025

Worst Playing XI of BGT 2024-25

05 January 2025

Five big moments from BGT 2024-25

05 January 2025

We need to end superstar culture: Irfan Pathan rips into Virat Kohli after poor showing vs Australia in BGT 2024-25

05 January 2025

Humari kaun sunta hai: Furious Sunil Gavaskar takes dig at Team India after 1-3 loss in BGT 2024-25; watch video

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/asia-cup-2022-super-4s-match-prediction-india-vs-pakistan-who-will-win-t20i-match-between-india-and-pakistan 
 ----- 
