Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Seager to IL with hip discomfort, 2024 return in question
Share
Seager to IL with hip discomfort, 2024 return in question
Rangers rally without star shortstop, take series from visiting Yankees
September 5th, 2024

Kennedi Landry

@kennlandry
Share

0:04

0:29

ARLINGTON -- The Rangers have tried to manage Corey Seager's workload over the last month, hoping to keep the franchise shortstop fresh throughout an entire season. He had played shortstop in just three games this past week, while also getting a pair of DH days and two off-days.

Before Wednesday's 10-6 win over the Yankees, that management came to a head when general manager Chris Young announced that Seager was placed on the 10-day injured list with right hip discomfort. Young said that plan is for Seager to get evaluated in the coming days, at which point they will have a better idea of the timeline for his return to the field.

"What that means in terms of timeline, and obviously the point of the season where we are, I can't really predict as to when he'll be back,” Young said. “But nonetheless, we think it's very prudent to make sure we get Corey right. He's such an important part of our team, and we want to make sure he remains healthy moving forward."

Seager said he can’t really pinpoint when his hip started to bother him, but it was definitely over the last couple of weeks that it began getting a little tougher to move around. He said that they hoped the DH days would allow the discomfort to calm down, but it never did.

As of now, there’s no specific timeline for his return -- and neither Young nor Seager wanted to speculate if this injury would officially end his season prematurely.

"You want to be out there with your guys,” Seager said. “We’re finally starting to play some good baseball and this isn’t the time you want to miss. It’s definitely frustrating. … You want to get back out there. We’ll see, though. I hope [I’ll play again this season]."

Related
Who makes the all-time World Series MVP team?

October 23rd, 2024

What we learned from the Rangers' 2024 season

September 29th, 2024

With surgery in the rearview, Seager (hernia) looks forward to '25

September 21st, 2024

Here's what Joc brings to Rangers' table

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Rangers trade Festa to Cubs for cash

January 9th, 2025

Seager underwent offseason surgery to repair a left sports hernia, causing him to miss all but the final three games of Spring Training. He noted that being injured for much of last offseason and Spring Training definitely affected how he approached this injury at this point in the season.

"You can’t miss two offseasons in a row,” Seager said. “You've got to be healthy and get back into working out and getting into shape. I didn’t really have a build-up last year coming into the season, so it’s something that I need to have coming into the next [season].”

The surgery clearly had some residual effects on Seager, who slashed just .208/.303/.292 in April.

But Seager has looked more like himself since the calendar turned to May. From May 1-Sept. 2, he’s hit .290 with a .931 OPS. That being said, it’s fair to say that maybe the Rangers didn’t even get the best out of their franchise shortstop this season.

"I think for a lot of the season we did [get a healthy Seager],” manager Bruce Bochy said. “Maybe you look at the past month, yeah, there’s something he's been battling. As good as he is, you've got to be somewhat healthy to hit 30 home runs, especially when you look at his start. It was awful. He'll tell you that. Coming off that surgery, and it's amazing what he has done this year. For three months or so, yeah, he was healthy."

Bochy said Josh Smith will get most of the playing time at shortstop with Seager out, but both Ezequiel Duran and Jonathan Ornelas will get reps there in September as well.

"It does give us a chance to see some other guys,” Bochy said. “We've all got to pick it up throughout this lineup. We've got to figure out a way to get some runs on the board."

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Smith (at shortstop) and Duran (at second for a resting Marcus Semien) combined to go 5-for-9 with three runs sand three RBIs in Wednesday’s win.

They were much-needed contributions, as Yankees outfielder Trent Grisham hit a grand slam in the top of the ninth inning, cutting into the Rangers’ eight-run lead and forcing them to use closer Kirby Yates. The right-hander promptly closed it out -- with a bit of help from left fielder Wyatt Langford, who appeared to rob a homer off the bat of Giancarlo Stanton to seal the uncomfortably close victory.

Despite Seager’s absence in two of the three games against the Yankees, the Rangers secured their third straight series victory. Texas hadn’t won back-to-back series since July 5-14, when the club won three straight series against the Rays, Angels and Astros going into the All-Star break. Now they’ve done it again against the White Sox, A’s and Yankees.

"This is a great opportunity for guys to get extra bats and finish strong,” Young added pregame. “It's a great opportunity for our group to come together and play with passion and grit and fight and make an impact on the pennant race, and build some momentum into 2025.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Corey Seager
Texas Rangers

Kennedi Landry covers the Rangers for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/corey-seager-placed-on-injured-list-with-right-hip-discomfort 
 ----- 
