Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Blue Origin rocket
NFL playoff
Maha Kumbh Mela
Australian Open 2025
SPORTS
Langford is key for 2nd night in a row as Rangers beat Yankees 10-6 to take series
1 of 6 |  

Texas Rangers’ Wyatt Langford is congratulated in the dugout by Justin Foscue after scoring on a single by Nathaniel Lowe during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Jeffrey McWhorter)

Read More
2 of 6 |  

New York Yankees’ Juan Soto, right, celebrates with third base coach Luis Rojas after hitting a two run home run off of Texas Rangers starting pitcher Nathan Eovaldi during the fifth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Jeffrey McWhorter)

Read More
3 of 6 |  

Texas Rangers starting pitcher Nathan Eovaldi works against the New York Yankees during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Jeffrey McWhorter)

4 of 6 |  

New York Yankees starting pitcher Marcus Stroman works against the Texas Rangers during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Jeffrey McWhorter)

5 of 6 |  

Texas Rangers’ Wyatt Langford scores past New York Yankees catcher Jose Trevino on a single by Nathaniel Lowe during the fourth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Jeffrey McWhorter)

6 of 6 |  

Texas Rangers left fielder Wyatt Langford makes the catch on a long fly out by New York Yankees’ Anthony Volpe during the second inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Jeffrey McWhorter)

BY  SCHUYLER DIXON
Updated 4:38 AM UTC, September 5, 2024
Share

ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Rookie Wyatt Langford had three hits, scored three runs and drove in two a night after his game-ending grand slam against the Yankees, and the Texas Rangers beat New York again 10-6 on Wednesday night.

Langford made a leaping catch at the top of the left-field wall on Giancarlo Stanton’s drive with two on for the final out after the Yankees had trimmed a 10-2 deficit on Trent Grisham’s ninth-inning grand slam against Grant Anderson. The catch gave Kirby Yates his 26th save in 27 chances.

Juan Soto, who had three hits, ended Nathan Eovaldi’s scoreless outing on his 38th homer, a two-run shot in the fifth inning. But Aaron Judge, the majors’ home run leader with 51, had a season-high ninth consecutive game without going deep on an 0-for-3 night.

Grisham was a late-inning replacement hitting in Soto’s spot. Duke Ellis, who went to high school in East Texas, followed Grisham’s slam with his first big league hit as one of six consecutive Yankees to reach base with two outs.

“It was definitely getting interesting,” said New York manager Aaron Boone, who had replaced Soto, Judge and Alex Verdugo in the eighth with the game seemingly out of reach. “It would have been fun to at least see the tying run go up. And then Giancarlo hits that ball. We almost had it.”

RELATED STORIES
Paul Goldschmidt, joining Yankees, says of his 2024 season with Cardinals: 'I’m better than this'
A no-no and big homer among the moments new Rangers catcher Kyle Higashioka already had in Texas
New Yankees reliever Devin Williams looking forward to spending more time in New York

It was the sixth loss in eight games for the Yankees (80-60), who remained a half-game behind Baltimore (81-60) for the best record in the American League and the AL East lead.

New York is 40-41 in its past 81 games and headed into an off day before a three-game series at the Chicago Cubs.

“We know we’ve got to be better than this if we want to get to where we want to go,” Boone said. “Hopefully catch our breath a little bit and rest up a little bit on an off day. But we’ve got to get after it at Wrigley. I expect us to.”

Langford, Nathaniel Lowe and Ezequiel Duran each had a run-scoring hit while Adolis García and Josh Smith added RBI groundouts for a 5-0 lead against Marcus Stroman. Duran’s hit was the first of his two RBI doubles, and García added a two-run double.

Langford’s ninth-inning shot off Clay Holmes in a 7-4 Texas victory Tuesday night prompted Boone to announce a closer-by-committee approach after Holmes’ big league-high 11th blown save.

“You look at last night and tonight, he continues swinging well, got some big hits for us, and that catch,” Texas manager Bruce Bochy said. “He’s playing some terrific ball. He’s in a good place right now.”

New York had no need for a closer while losing a third consecutive series for the first time in almost two months.

Smith doubled, walked and stole a base as the leadoff hitter playing shortstop, a role that would appear to be frequent over the final 3 1/2 weeks.

With the defending World Series champs essentially out of contention, All-Star Corey Seager was placed on the injured list before the game with hip discomfort that could end the reigning World Series MVP’s third season in Texas.

The listless Yankees let the speedy Langford turn a single into a double on his RBI hit in the fourth when second baseman Gleyber Torres nonchalantly cut off Soto’s throw from right as Langford sprinted toward the bag behind him. Langford scored when Lowe followed with a single.

Eovaldi (11-7) had a 2-0 lead when the Texas right-hander pitched around Judge to load the bases in the third, and Jazz Chisholm Jr. lifted the next pitch into shallow right field to end the inning.

After Soto’s two-out homer made it 5-2, Eovaldi struck out Judge on three pitches, the third a called strike on a 97 mph fastball inside. He allowed four hits and two runs while striking out six in seven innings.

Stroman (10-7), who was 3-0 in his previous four starts, allowed nine hits and five runs in 3 2/3 innings.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Yankees: C Austin Wells was out of the lineup again two days after getting hit by a pitch near his right wrist. Manager Aaron Boone said Wells would be available off the bench and probably back in the lineup Friday at the Chicago Cubs. ... RHP Ian Hamilton threw 1 2/3 scoreless innings in a 26-pitch outing for Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre and RHP Lou Trivino pitched two-third of an inning, allowing a single and walk to his first two batters.

Rangers: All-Star SS Corey Seager was placed on the 10-day injured list with right hip discomfort, a move that could end the third season in Texas for the reigning World Series MVP.

UP NEXT

Yankees: RHP Luis Gil (12-6, 3.39 ERA) is set for the opener against the Cubs on Friday night after being sidelined since Aug. 21 with a lower back strain.

Rangers: LHP Cody Bradford (4-2, 3.21) is slated for the opener of a four-game series against the Los Angeles Angels on Thursday night.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
New Hampshire Supreme Court upholds judge's ruling on 'Kee...
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Shadow fleet of tankers keeps Russia's oil money flowing de...
Germany calls a Russian oil tanker adrift in the Baltic Sea ...
Supreme Court to weigh reinst ating Obamacare care require...
Canada's former leader Chrétien has blunt advice for Trump:...
Jean Chrétien, who was Canada’s prime minister from 1993 to 2003, joined a...
AP News
Pastrnak's goal in OT lifts Bruins over Panthers 4-3 and snaps...
David Pastrnak scored a power-play goal with 2 seconds left in overtime and the...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Easier Diabetes Manag ement with Dexcom G7
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
Find out how LifeMD can improve your sleep. Easy prescription solutions that he...
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle ?
From childhood toy to adult pastime, jigsaw puzzles are one of America's most...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Get a Balance Transfe r Card Now & Pay 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Latest NFL season highlights fina ncial risks for sports betting...
It’s been a tough football season for sports books. FanDuel and its key rival DraftKin...
AP News
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned after submitting his...
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned from the Justice Department after subm...
AP News
Itchy skin: A silent Symptom of AD (Must Know)
Atopic Dermatitis
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Down 32, Pitt women tie NCAA Division I women's comeback...
Pittsburgh women’s coach Tory Verdi had a simple second-half message Sunday fo...
AP News
Trump tax cuts, if made perman ent, stand to benefit highest...
At the very top of Republicans’ 100-day agenda with President-elect Donald...
AP News
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Put 2025 In Its Place
YETI
Advertisement:
Shop Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smallest and Most Accurate CGM
Dexcom:Advertisement
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Levels in US
Sugar Reverse:Advertisement
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle?
Puzzloom:Advertisement
Read More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/yankees-rangers-score-7f891b5da315f0c6b6e086500be36b07 
 ----- 
