Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
Sports Betting
Sportsbooks
Betting Apps
NFL
NBA
NHL
Editorial Standards
Fanatics
bet365
BetMGM
PrizePicks
DraftKings
Search
BREAKING NEWS
FBI Director Wray explains why he’s resigning, defends feds’ raid of Trump’s Mar-a-Lago
BETTING
Yankees vs. Rangers prediction, odds: Bet on a high-scoring affair on Texas in Wednesday
By Sean Treppedi
Published Sep. 4, 2024, 4:00 p.m. ET
Marcus Stroman will look to lead the Yankees to a series win Wednesday.
Robert Sabo for NY Post
Gambling content 21+. The New York Post may receive an affiliate commission if you sign up through our links. Read our editorial standards for more information.

To say the Rangers have face planted as defending World Series champions would be a vast understatement.

They are on pace for a top-three worst defending-champion campaign since the AL shifted to 162 games in 1961, entering Wednesday’s game with a 66-73 record.

Texas has less than a one percent chance of making the postseason after sticking to its guns at the trade deadline and going 12-15 in August.

The Rangers dropped a wacky series to the Yankees in that time that made for 12 runs scored per nine innings. 

Nathan Eovaldi #17 of the Texas Rangers reacts after striking out Gavin Sheets #32 of the Chicago White Sox in the eighth inning at Guaranteed Rate Field on August 29, 2024 in Chicago, Illinois.
Getty Images

Nathan Eovaldi’s start was a stinker, as he allowed three earned runs in three innings before exiting as precaution to tightness in his right side. 

The Yankees claimed that game, 8-0.

Eovaldi looks to redeem his poor Bronx fortunes in Arlington on Wednesday against Marcus Stroman, who hasn’t been the $37 million pitcher the Yankees signed him to be in January. 

Since ending June with a 3.29 ERA, Stroman is 3-3 with a 4.95 ERA spanning his last eight starts. He’s yielded 56 hits in 43 2/3 innings in that stretch.

Learn all you need to know about MLB Betting
Read about the Best Baseball Betting Sites
Learn all about How to Bet on Baseball
Get the latest World Series Odds

Yankees pitchers have allowed a .308 average on balls hit into play in their last two road series, both of which they dropped to non-playoff contenders.

The first two games in this series have featured 12 and 11 runs, respectively.

The Yankees grabbed the opener, 8-4, behind a strong performance from Gerrit Cole.

They came close to grabbing Tuesday’s game but Clay Holmes tallied his 11th blown save when he surrendered a walk-off grand slam in the 7-4 loss.

THE PLAY: Yankees-Rangers Over 8.5 (FanDuel, -122)

FILED UNDER MLB BETTING  NEW YORK YANKEES  SPORTS BETTING  SPORTS PICKS  TEXAS RANGERS  9/4/24
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/04/betting/yankees-vs-rangers-prediction-odds-bet-on-a-high-scoring-affair/ 
 ----- 
