Japan's National Daily Since 1922

Japanese
Contact Us
Top
Latest
Japan
World
Business
Sports
Science
Entertainment
Opinion
Lifestyle
Obituaries
Features
Photos
Videos
MLB: Angels focus on youth movement after waiving 5 players and overhauling roster with young talent

September 2, 2023 (Mainichi Japan)

Los Angeles Angels' Shohei Ohtani, left, pokes manager Phil Nevin in the stomach prior to a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds on Aug. 22, 2023, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) -- When Perry Minasian arrived to take over as general manager of the Los Angeles Angels in November 2020, he immediately committed himself to improving player development.

He's about to get a glimpse of that progress for the remainder of the 2023 season following a dramatic roster overhaul that included five players being placed on waivers.

"For multiple reasons, we haven't played well," Minasian said.

The Angels on Tuesday parted ways with right-hander Lucas Giolito, relievers Dominic Leone, Matt Moore and Reynaldo Lopez and outfielder Hunter Renfroe -- and all have since been claimed by contenders, three joining the Cleveland Guardians.

And new faces arrived Friday for the series opener at Oakland, with touted prospect Kyren Paris set for his major league debut starting at shortstop and batting ninth. Also promoted from Triple-A Salt Lake were right-handers Jimmy Herget, Gerardo Reyes and Andrew Wantz, lefty Koton Ingram and infielder Michael Stefanic.

"To play right here in the Coliseum is going to be special," Paris said.

Paris was set to become the 10th Angel to make his major league debut in 2023 and 61st different player used by the Angels this season overall, and he grew up in the East Bay suburb of Oakley cheering for the A's.

Right-hander Jose Marte -- called up Thursday -- would be No. 62.

Manager Phil Nevin reminded the 21-year-old Paris to "just go out and have fun."

"I love seeing days like this, especially somebody coming to their hometown and getting an opportunity for their major league debut here," Nevin said.

While shedding salary was a big factor, the Angels aren't below the luxury tax threshold even with all the players they let go, but declined to say how close Los Angeles is.

Minasian didn't find it productive to second guess moves made at the trade deadline.

"At the time we made decisions we made, we felt like they were the right decisions," he said. "Sometimes you do things that work, sometimes you do things that doesn't."

He also opted not to speak to the Angels after all the moves. Los Angeles sits in fourth place in the AL West.

"They understand where we're at. There's a lot of really intelligent individuals in that room who understand where they're at," he said. "We have conversations along the way with certain guys but as far as addressing the team, no. It's part of the game and it's baseball, certain things happen, rosters change depending where you're at in the standings."

Angels players joked around and were lighthearted in the clubhouse before heading outside for batting practice and pregame work.

Nevin, too, is seemingly taking all the change in stride as much as he's able.

"I'm meeting a lot of new people," he said. "A lot of things I talk about all the time, relationships you create in this game are always special and each call-up and each player that comes here has a different story. You create different relationships with them, whether it's the young players or a veteran player getting another chance. I like it. Unfortunately we've had the injuries we've had, had some turnover and this has happened, but it's also part of the game.

"You don't anticipate these things starting. You tell them at spring training, 'Hey, everyone in this room has a chance and there's some guys that aren't even in this room right now who have a chance.' That's certainly come to fruition this year."

Minasian certainly didn't sound concerned about how this roster overhauling might look for business in the offseason when it comes to signing prized free agents.

Including one of their own: two-way star Shohei Ohtani, who Minasian said will continue to hit with a torn ulnar collateral ligament in his elbow until he tells the Angels otherwise.

"I think this is a very desirable place to play," Minasian said. "If you ask the people that play here and having the conversations I've had over the last two days, especially yesterday with some of the individuals that were given a chance to play ... there's a lot of positive things. I know we haven't necessarily played well over the last month, month and a half. With that being said, there are some good things happening. I think a lot of the players see it, recognize it."

Font Size
Print
Timeline
0
Go to The Mainichi Home Page
Related Articles
MLB: Shohei Ohtani to keep playing, his future and impending free agency murky after elbow ligament
MLB: Shohei Ohtani won't pitch for rest of season because of a tear in a elbow ligament, Angels GM s
MLB: Shohei Ohtani hits 44th homer, leaves mound early; De La Cruz has 6 RBIs in Reds' 9-4 win over
Read more on Shohei Ohtani, MLB, and NPB
Also in The Mainichi
	
毎日新聞
	
毎日新聞
	
毎日新聞
	
毎日新聞
	
毎日新聞
	
誰もいない「石破さんの代わり」
	
毎日新聞
	
習主席、GDP統計に疑問唱えたエコノミストを処分(WSJ日本版) 
The Mainichi on social media
RSS
Latest Articles
Japan ruling bloc to visit China, meet Communist Party officials
Japan, US, Australia, India eye diplomatic talks on January 21
Japan working toward Ishiba-Trump meeting in US before mid-February

More Articles

Trending
Go to Page Top
Japan
Crime & Accidents
Politics
Social Issues
Weather & Disasters
History & Festivals
Education
Imperial Family
Polls
World
Asia & Oceania
USA & Canada
Europe
Middle East
Latin America
Africa
Business
Corporate
Economy
Financial
Agriculture & Fisheries
Sports
Baseball
Soccer
Sumo
Tennis
Golf
Rugby
Athletics
Winter Sports
Olympics & Paralympics
Science
Technology
Medical
Environment
Space
Entertainment
Anime & Manga
Showbiz
Culture
Amusement
Film
Music
Books
Opinion
Editorial
News Navigator
Perspectives
Lifestyle
Animals
Travel
Health
Food
Fashion
Features
A-bomb Survivors
Obituaries
 
Photos
Photo Journal
Photo Specials
Videos
The Mainichi on social media

Copyright
Privacy Policy
External Transmission of User Information
Advertise with Us
Contact Us

Copyright THE MAINICHI NEWSPAPERS. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://mainichi.jp/english/articles/20230902/p2g/00m/0sp/012000c 
 ----- 
