Press Herald
Central Maine
Sun Journal
Times Record
Weekly Newspapers
Offcanvas Menu Open
Press Herald
Subscribe
-
$2.50/week
REGISTERJoin Craig Grossi, author and Marine Corps veteran, in conversation with Maine Voices Live
Maine weather, local news & community coverage. Subscribe to find out what's in store for 2025.
Sports
MLB roundup: Shohei Ohtani faces a lot of unknowns with elbow injury

Ohtani could have a second Tommy John surgery and how he'll recover isn't clear.

Posted September 2, 2023
Updated September 2, 2023
Associated Press
3 min read
Gift article
Share
Print

Shohei Ohtani tore the ulnar collateral ligament in his right elbow on Aug. 26. Paul Sancya/Associated Press

NEW YORK — If Shohei Ohtani has a second Tommy John surgery, it’s possible his recovery might be more difficult than the first – but that is not a given.

“My first one, my rehab was pretty tough and I never felt 100%,” Chicago Cubs pitcher Jameson Taillon said. “People would come up to me and ask me, ‘Hey, dude, what should I expect after getting Tommy John?’ I’d be like: To never feel good ever again.

“My second one was just like a new arm.”

Ohtani tore the ulnar collateral ligament in his right elbow while pitching against Cincinnati on Aug. 26. The unprecedented two-way star is continuing to bat as a designated hitter but won’t pitch again this year while considering his medical options.

Dave Dyer's annual concessions column is upDave Dyer's annual concessions column is up
Explore More

Now 29, Ohtani had Tommy John surgery on Oct. 1, 2018, performed by Los Angeles Dodgers head team physician Neal ElAttrache. He returned to the Angels as a batter the following May 7 and to the mound on July 26, 2020, in a season delayed by the pandemic. He didn’t retire a batter in his return, got just five outs on Aug. 2 and left with a strained forearm that kept him from pitching until 2021.

Since then, he’s gone 34-16 with a 2.84 ERA in 74 starts.

Advertisement

Combine that with his offense the last three seasons – a .278 average, 124 homers, 290 RBI and 56 stolen bases entering Friday mostly as a designated hitter – and expectations before the injury were that the 2021 AL MVP could command a record $500 million-plus contract as a free agent this offseason.

If Ohtani has the surgery, he wouldn’t pitch again until 2025 at the earliest. Recovery time for most pitchers ranges from 12 to 18 months, though positions players have returned quicker. Philadelphia’s Bryce Harper was back as a designated hitter in May, just 160 days after the operation.

The UCL connects the humerus bone to ulna bone at the elbow. Doctors prefer to replace the torn ligament with an almaris longus tendon from the forearm. If that isn’t available, a gracilus tendon removed from the knee is the No. 2 choice.

A second surgery often is more complicated than a first, with recovery time impacted by scar tissues and bone spurs. Pitchers often can resume throwing in week 17 following their first Tommy John. New York Mets medical director Dr. David Altchek said after a second TJ surgery, throwing might be delayed until week 21 or even 41.

“What I’ve seen is a big re-tear rate,” said Altchek, who twice operated on Taillon and estimates he has performed 1,800 Tommy John surgeries since 1993.

“We think that some of the training methods may have something to do with it: The weighted balls. I’m not against weighted balls. Weighted balls do definitely increase velocity, but they put a lot more pressure on the ligament. If I get to decide what my patients do, I don’t want them to even go near throwing a weighted ball with any velocity for like a year and a half to two years after the surgery.”

Advertisement

Angels General Manager Perry Minasian hasn’t detailed the extent of the tear and said Ohtani and his agents were consulting medical experts.

REDS: Cincinnati left-hander Brandon Williamson tested positive for COVID-19 and will miss his scheduled start on Sunday. He is the fourth Reds pitcher to test positive this week, further jeopardizing the team’s postseason chances.

Starter Hunter Greene was placed on the COVID-19 injured list following his 4-1 win at San Francisco on Aug. 30. Right-handed relievers Fernando Cruz and Ben Lively were placed on the list between games of Friday’s doubleheader against the Cubs.

TIGERS: Detroit Tigers outfielder Riley Greene on the injured list with right elbow inflammation before their game against the White Sox in Chicago and recalled infielder/outfielder Tyler Nevin from Triple-A Indianapolis to take the spot on the roster.

SATURDAY’S GAMES

MARLINS 11, NATIONALS 5: Jake Burger hit two of Miami’s four home runs, Johnny Cueto struck out four in his return from a viral infection and the Marlins won in Washington to extend its winning streak to three and keep pace in the NL wild-card race.

 Copy the Story Link

Comments are no longer available on this story

Send questions/comments to the editors.

« PREVIOUS

NEXT »

RELATED STORIES
BOSTON RED SOX
Did trades, free-agent signings fix Red Sox’s No. 1 issue?
BOSTON RED SOX
Red Sox considering six-man starting rotation
BOSTON RED SOX
Red Sox expect Patrick Sandoval to pitch in 2025
BOSTON RED SOX
Red Sox sign left-hander Patrick Sandoval
BOSTON RED SOX
Red Sox notebook: Boston does an about-face, and it’s about time
LATEST ARTICLES
OPINION
Opinion: School choice in Maine is key to empowering families
OPINION
Opinion: A practical approach to a new Canadian state
OPINION
Jim Fossel: Legislators’ pay raise sends the wrong message
OPINION
Opinion: By supporting Maine families, we keep Maine children safe
LETTERS
Letter: Pope Francis goes his own way on abortion
BROWSE MORE IN SPORTS
HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS
COLLEGE SPORTS
OUTDOORS
MAINE MARINERS
PORTLAND SEA DOGS
MAINE CELTICS
BOSTON BRUINS
BOSTON CELTICS
BOSTON RED SOX
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS
CONTACT US
About Us
Staff Directory
Send a Story Tip
Letters to the editor
FAQs
SUBSCRIBERS
Subscribe
Subscriber Resources
Subscriber Benefits
Home Delivery Help
Manage Account
Pay my Bill
Access ePaper
Newsletters & Alerts
Mobile Apps
Press Herald Events
Photo Store
Gifts and Merchandise
CONNECT WITH US
Email Newsletters
Facebook
Linked In
Instagram
ADVERTISE
Contact Advertising
Media Kit
Help Wanted Ads
Place an Obituary
PRESS HERALD EVENTS
Like A Boss
Maine Voices Live
Business Series
Newsroom Live
Source Maine Sustainability Awards
NETWORK
Work Here
Centralmaine.com
Sunjournal.com
Timesrecord.com
The Forecasters
Mainely Media Weeklies
Varsity Maine
Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Commenting Terms Public Notices Photo Store Merch Store Archive Search
© 2025 | All Rights Reserved | Press Herald
Some areas of this page may shift around if you resize the browser window. Be sure to check heading and document order.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pressherald.com/2023/09/02/mlb-roundup-shohei-ohtani-faces-a-lot-of-unknowns-with-elbow-injury/ 
 ----- 
