Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
New York Giants
Optimism amidst Saquon Barkley's injury: Recovery timeline revealed

The running back had to leave Sunday's game against the Cardinals with an ankle injury

Saquon Barkley got injured during Week 2's game against the CardinalsLAPRESSE
LW
18/09/2023 - 17:08 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
New York Jets. Aaron Rodgers could return to action this season
San Francisco 49ers. 49ers fan shoves Rams' Derion Kendrick to protect Deebo Samuel

The New York Giants and their fans received some relief and clarity regarding star running back Saquon Barkley's injury.

After being forced out of Sunday's thrilling victory over the Arizona Cardinals, Barkley's status had been uncertain.

However, an MRI and further testing revealed that Barkley has a low ankle sprain, and there are no indications of more severe damage that could sideline him for a considerable amount of time.

Barkley's current status

The low ankle sprain diagnosis suggests a relatively shorter recovery time compared to high ankle sprains, which can sideline players for a more extended period.

While the Giants remain cautiously optimistic about Barkley's return, he is now considered week-to-week.

This means that Barkley's comeback depends on his recovery progress. Early estimates indicate that Barkley would potentially be able to return for Week 6's game at home against the Buffalo Bills on October 15.

During Sunday's game against the Cardinals, the running back scored his first touchdown of the season. In total, he racked up 63 yards in 17 carries for an average of 3.7 yards. His longest run was 16 yards.

Who will fill Barkley's void?

The timing of Barkley's injury presents challenges for the Giants, as they have a short week with a game against the San Francisco 49ers on Thursday night.

With Barkley ruled out for the matchup, the Giants are preparing for contingencies. Head coach Brian Daboll expressed confidence in the running backs on the roster, emphasizing their preparation and work ethic.

MORE in MARCA
Harry and...
Marca
Brittany Maho...
Marca

"I think all the running backs that we have on the roster, that's why they are on the roster, because we are confident in them. I'd say all three of the guys work really hard and prepare as if they are going to play an entire game."

The players who will have to step up during the veteran's absence are Matt Breida, Eric Gray, and Gary Brightwell.

NFL - English
New York Giants - English
New York GiantsGiants' Barkley injured as Jones completes historic comeback win vs. Cardinals
New York GiantsSaquon Barkley injury: Giants star has X-rays on right ankle
New York GiantsGiants: Kadarius Toney's IG return, Cris Collinsworth's ill-timed Daniel Jones comment
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Taylor Swift make s trade for Travis...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/new-york-giants/2023/09/19/6508c80446163fbb108b45b0.html 
 ----- 
