Font Resizer
Aa
Home
Business
Politics
Interviews
Culture
Opinion
Sports
Lifestyle
Dailynewsegypt > Blog > Sports > Pharaohs Edge Out Burkina Faso in World Cup qualifiers Thriller
SPORTS
Pharaohs Edge Out Burkina Faso in World Cup qualifiers Thriller
Last updated: June 6, 2024 11:14 pm
Daily News Egypt
Share
2 Min Read
SHARE

Egypt’s national team the Pharaohs secured their third consecutive win in the 2026 World Cup qualifiers, defeating Burkina Faso 2-1 at Cairo Stadium on Thursday.

Mahmoud Hassan Trezeguet was the hero for the Pharaohs, netting a brace within the first eight minutes. Trezeguet opened the scoring with a powerful header in the fourth minute and doubled Egypt’s lead just four minutes later with a strong left-footed strike.

Burkina Faso pulled one back in the 56th minute through Lassina Traore’s header, setting up a tense final half hour. Despite a late surge from the visitors, Egypt held on to claim all three points.

The first half was dominated by the Pharaohs, with Trezeguet and Mohamed Salah both coming close to extending their lead. Burkina Faso’s goalkeeper Kylian Nikiéma was in fine form, making a crucial save to deny Salah from the edge of the penalty area.

Burkina Faso improved after the break and were rewarded for their efforts when Traore found the back of the net. However, Egypt’s defence, marshalled by Mohamed Abdelmonem and Rami Rabia, stood firm in the face of late pressure to secure the victory.

The Pharaohs now sits top of Group A with nine points from three matches, while Burkina Faso remains on four points.

Lineups:

Egypt: Mohamed El Shenawy; Mohamed Hany, Mohamed Abdelmonem, Hamdi Fathi, Rami Rabia; Marwan Attia, Imam Ashour (Akram Tawfik 60′), Ahmed Sayed Zizo (Omar Kamal Abdel Wahed 72′); Mahmoud Hassan Trezeguet (Ibrahim Adel 85′), Mohamed Salah, Mostafa Mohamed (Ahmed Amin Oufa 85′).

Burkina Faso: Kylian Nikiéma; Edmond Tapsoba, Nasser Djiga, Steeve Yago, Mohamed Ouédraogo; Ousmane Bouda,Blati Touré, Gustavo Sangaré; Dango Ouattara, Lassina Traoré.

To follow Daily News Egypt on WhatsApp press here

To follow Daily News Egypt on Telegram press here

You Might Also Like
 Egyptian tourism sector prepares to participate in WTM in November
 Ramos breaks Brazilian legend Roberto Calus’s record
 Parliament approves ‘Red Sea islands’ agreement 
 No Comment; The Sinai conundrum
 January transfer window: BVB's Christian Pulisic completes Chelsea switch
TAGGED:
Egypt
Pharaohs
Share This Article
Facebook
Stay Connected
Facebook
X
Instagram
Youtube
Latest News
Maqam Misr launches Q CLINICS medical complex in New Capital with EGP 1.2bn investment
Business
Fractional real estate investment: Gateway for small investors to capitalize on profitable opportunities
Business
LMD Egypt to launch New Zayed project with EGP 10bn investment
Business
Egyptian, Sudanese Foreign Ministers discuss Sudan stability, water security
Politics
You Might Also Like
BREAKING NEWS
EGYPT
POLITICS
Egypt’s Al-Sisi, Sudan’s Al-Burhan discuss regional developments
January 2, 2021
BUSINESS
ECONOMY
Egypt’s Assistant FM leads delegation at Joint Economic Commission meetings in Washington
September 7, 2024
BUSINESS
SPORTS
WSF Women’s World Team Squash Championship to kick start in Madinaty Sports Club on 10th of December
December 5, 2022
EGYPT
POLITICS
ECCR praises children’s rights article in draft constitution
November 11, 2013
//
Egypt’s only independent daily newspaper in English. Discuss the country’s latest with the paper’s reporters, editors, and other readers.
Quick Link
home
Advertise with us
Developers
Subscribe with us
careers
Terms of service
Get In Touch
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailynewsegypt.com/2024/06/06/pharaohs-edge-out-burkina-faso/ 
 ----- 
