IN DEPTH
Star chef sniffs out ‘grate cheese robbery’

British chef Jamie Oliver has alerted the public to be on the lookout for more than half a million dollars worth of “posh cheese’ after an artisan manufacturer was scammed.

A
AAP

Oct 28, 2024, updated Nov 01, 2024

Oliver got cheeky in an otherwise serious plea to his social media followers to help solve the mystery of the missing 22 metric tons of stolen award-winning cheddar worth 300,000 pounds ($A588,275).

Calling it the “grate cheese robbery,” Oliver told his 10.5 million Instagram fans to be on the lookout for “lorry loads of very posh cheese.”

Nearly 1000 wheels of cloth-wrapped artisanal cheddar were swiped from Neal’s Yard Dairy by a con artist posing as a wholesale distributor for a major French retailer, the company said.

The cheese was gone before the company realised it had been scammed and reported the theft October 21.

“If the deal seems too gouda to be true, it probably is! Let’s find these cheese stealers,” Oliver wrote.

Cheddar, which is named for the village in southwest England where it originated, is the world’s best-known cheese because it does not have the protected status of other regional products like champagne and, thus, is produced in many countries. But there are only a small number of real British cheddar makers, Oliver said.

“These are some of the cheeses, or most of them, that got nicked,” he said in a video accompanying his post.

The cheeses were from three makers: Hafod Welsh organic cheddar, Westcombe cheddar, and Pitchfork cheddar.

Detectives at Scotland Yard and international authorities are searching for the culprits.

Stay informed, daily

Neal’s Yard Dairy, a distributor, wholesaler, and retailer of British artisanal cheese, has asked international cheesemongers to be on the lookout for the stolen cheese, particularly in 10-kilogram and 24-kilogram blocks.

“If anyone hears anything about posh cheese going for cheap, it’s probably some wrong’uns,” Oliver said.

– AAP

Share
JUST INMass evacuations as wildfire rages in Los Angeles
BUSINESSInflation rate edges higher to 2.3 per cent
JUST INHorns locked: Opetaia, Nyika face-off sets scene
JUST INTrump jr visits Greenland as father dials up takeover threat
Stop Wasting Time Pain ting Your Garage Floo...
Renuity Garage Coating
Here's an Estimated Price for a 1-Day Wal...
HomeBuddy
2024 Senior SUV Is A True Head Turner (Yo...
BestSearches | Search Ads
Old Book Found In Base ment Leaves Woman...
Victricon
SPONSORED
A glass act: Meet the Adelaide artist inspired by Chihuly

From the humdrum of a city office to life as a glassblower, this young Adelaide artist has taken a leap of faith she’ll never regret.

IN DEPTH
IN DEPTH
Justin Trudeau resignation prompts Trump to renew calls for Canada to merge with US
IN DEPTH
IN DEPTH
IN DEPTH
IN DEPTH

InDaily Queensland acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the land on which we work and live, the Turrbal, Yuggera, Yugambeh and Kombumerri people, and recognise their continuing connection to land, waters and culture. We pay our respects to their Elders past, present and emerging.

SubscribeDonate
Just In
Business
Opinion
In Depth
Events
Quiz
Donate
Subscribe
InDailyQLD Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Advertise

Terms and Conditions. About InDaily.

Copyright ©2025 InDaily. All rights reserved.

Stay informed, daily
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indailyqld.com.au/news/in-depth/2024/10/28/star-chef-sniffs-out-grate-cheese-robbery 
 ----- 
