BBC Homepage
Skip to content
Accessibility Help
Sign in
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
More menu
Search BBC
BBC Sport
Home
Football
Cricket
Formula 1
Rugby U
Tennis
Golf
Athletics
Cycling
More
Rugby Union
Scores & Fixtures
Tables
All Teams
English
Scottish
Welsh
Irish
ADVERTISEMENT
What are England's aims and who do they play this autumn?
IMAGE SOURCE,
GETTY IMAGES
Image caption,

England face New Zealand in the opening match of their Autumn Nations Series

Alastair Telfer
BBC Sport journalist
Published
28 October 2024
502 Comments
Updated 31 October 2024

England will face New Zealand for the third match in a row as they kick off a challenging Autumn Nations Series at Twickenham's Allianz Stadium on Saturday.

They will be determined to see the job through at their home ground after failing to hold on to leads in their two summer Test defeats in New Zealand.

England, who are fifth in the world rankings behind Ireland, South Africa, New Zealand and France, also suffered a narrow defeat in France in their final game of the Six Nations.

Head coach Steve Borthwick, whose team have won four of their eight games this year, wants his players to show they have learned from these tight matches.

"There was a period not so long ago where we weren't competing against the top four sides in the world," Borthwick said. "Now we're competing against them, but I want to make sure we get the job finished at the end.

"Make no mistake, I praise the players for their performances and for all their efforts because they've done a lot of good things, but there have also been times where we have lost games as opposed to the opposition winning them."

How are England's preparations going?

The squad has been rejuvenated since last year's World Cup semi-final defeat by South Africa with an influx of young talent, but the departure of defence coach Felix Jones - only seven months after joining the set-up - and highly rated strength and conditioning coach Aled Walters has resulted in a new period of turnover and adjustment.

Oyonnax head coach Joe El-Abd - a former flatmate of Borthwick's - has replaced Jones and will be aiming to build on the success of the Irishman's 'blitz' defence, while Richard Wigglesworth has been promoted to become Borthwick's number two.

Meanwhile, the loss of regular starting scrum-half Alex Mitchell for the entire campaign to a neck injury means a change in the vital nine shirt.

Bath's Ben Spencer will make his first England start on Saturday, with in-form Bristol Bear Harry Randall on the bench.

But the return of experienced centre Henry Slade in Exeter's Premiership match on Sunday has given the side a boost.

England's Slade and Spencer start against All Blacks

Published
29 October 2024

Barrett starts at 10 for All Blacks at Twickenham

Published
31 October 2024

Marler criticised after saying haka 'needs binning'

Published
30 October 2024
Who are England playing this autumn?

After facing New Zealand, England will play Australia on 9 November, world champions South Africa on 16 November and Eddie Jones' Japan on 24 November.

Here's a quick guide to England's opponents.

Third time lucky against All Blacks?

Scott Robertson's tenure as New Zealand head coach began positively with back-to-back wins against England in Dunedin and Auckland.

However, missing out on the Rugby Championship title for the first time since 2019 after a shock defeat by Argentina and two straight losses against the world champion Springboks means a successful autumn is required.

Marcus Smith's three missed kicks proved costly in Dunedin as England narrowly fell short of a first win in New Zealand since 2003.

Having led at half-time and well into the second half a week later, the visitors failed to register a score in the final quarter as New Zealand fought back to save their proud winning run at Eden Park.

Will it be third time lucky in another tight game against the World Cup runners-up?

Victory would be England's ninth from 45 Tests against the All Blacks and their first at Twickenham since the famous 38-12 triumph in December 2012.

The last time the sides played at Twickenham, England scored three tries in the final 10 minutes to snatch a 25-25 draw in the penultimate match of Eddie Jones' reign.

Struggling Australia eye big win

Former Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt is yet to have his first statement win in charge of Australia.

The Wallabies finished rock-bottom of the Rugby Championship, registering only one victory over Argentina, and are in need of a big victory to build belief before the arrival of the British and Irish Lions next year.

Australia, ranked the 10th best side in the world, may sense an opportunity to cause an upset when they open their tour against England a week after Borthwick's side face the All Blacks.

Schmidt has called up big-money rugby league convert Joseph Suaalii to his squad, even though the 21-year-old back has yet to play a game of professional XVs rugby, while former Leicester Tigers wing Harry Potter could make his debut.

Japan-based centre Samu Kerevi will be another one to watch, as will giant La Rochelle lock Will Skelton, who returns for the first time since captaining the side at last autumn's World Cup.

Schmidt's side take on England, Wales, Scotland and Ireland.

New Wallaby Potter eyes reunion with Borthwick

Published
31 October 2024
World Cup semi-final repeat

The last time England welcomed South Africa to Twickenham was in Jones' final game in charge two years ago, which ended in a 27-13 defeat and boos around the stadium.

England next faced the Springboks in the World Cup semi-final, where a late Handre Pollard penalty ended their hopes of becoming world champions in heartbreaking fashion.

This autumn's game offers England an opportunity to avenge that one-point defeat and show how they match up against Rassie Erasmus' experienced side.

Following World Cup glory, the Boks continued their trophy-winning ways by picking up their first Rugby Championship since 2019, thrashing Argentina 48-7 in their final game.

The world's number two ranked side, who start their autumn matches against Scotland before facing England and then Wales, also beat New Zealand and Australia twice on their way to the Rugby Championship title.

Jones' return to England

The final game of England's autumn series is likely to offer a chance for some fringe players after an emphatic 52-17 win over Japan's Brave Blossoms in June showed the difference in class.

Jones' side, ranked 14th in the world, showed improvement in the Pacific Nations Cup to reach the final with wins against Canada, the United States and Samoa, before being heavily defeated by Fiji.

However, New Zealand hammered his side 64-19 in Yokohama last weekend to further show the gulf in class when matched against the world's top sides.

The 64-year-old Jones remained respectful and complimentary to his former assistant coach Borthwick in the build-up to their last encounter.

Jones will hope his kind words ensure a warm welcome from England supporters.

How can I follow the matches on the BBC?

There will be live radio commentary of the four matches on BBC Radio 5 Live or Sports Extra as well as BBC Sounds, and you can follow live text commentary on the BBC Sport website and app.

Related topics
Rugby Union
View comments | 502
Top stories
LIVE
. 

Lopetegui latest, EFL Cup build-up and transfer news

Fantasy holes with lava fields - it's golf for the 21st Century

Published
4 hours ago

Belgian GP agrees new F1 rotational deal until 2031

Published
3 hours ago
Elsewhere on the BBC

Paddy’s loaf-changing experience inside the bread factory

Paddy McGuinness visits the factory he used to work in to find out how they bake 1.4 million loaves a week

Dara Ó Briain and Isy Suttie discover strange-but-true tales

The pair are joined by astronaut Helen Sharman to learn about how humans learned to survive in space

A round-up of 2024's top sports stories. Video
A round-up of 2024's top sports stories

Jason Manford hosts, with Maisie Adam and Jon Richardson as team captains

How Claressa Shields became a boxing legend

The story of how Claressa Shields overcame obstacles to reach the top of the boxing game

Elsewhere in Sport

Fantasy holes with lava fields - it's golf for the 21st Century

How the man who signed Henry, Bale and Suarez is reshaping Toulouse

How the role of a goalkeeper changed

Can Djokovic win record 25th Grand Slam aged 37?

As Hamilton turns 40, how well do you know seven-time champion?

'Epic moment!' - 355lb Pierce interception tops NFL best plays. Video
'Epic moment!' - 355lb Pierce interception tops NFL best plays

The Man Utd legend almost broken by Barcelona

Kohli, youngsters & Bumrah - talking points from Australia's win over India

Clough - the man who made Forest European champions twice

How 'impressive' Man Utd caused problems on Liverpool's right side. Video
How 'impressive' Man Utd caused problems on Liverpool's right side

Australia beat India to claim series victory. Video
Australia beat India to claim series victory

Teenage kicks - what makes history-making Littler so good?

Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2025

The best sports photos of 2024 - and how they were captured

Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC
Get Personalised Newsletters
Why you can trust the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info

© 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.com/sport/rugby-union/articles/cpdvl2nz833o 
 ----- 
