Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019
Equatorial Guinea vs Togo Prediction and Betting Tips | September 9th 2024
Equatorial Guinea vs Togo Prediction and Betting Tips | September 9th 2024
By
Joshua Ojele
Modified Sep 08, 2024 16:59 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Equatorial Guinea and Togo lock horns in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers on Monday

Equatorial Guinea and Togo return to action in Group E of the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers when they lock horns at the Nuevo Estadio de Malabo on Monday. Following their disappointing opening-day results, both sides will head into the game looking to get one over the other and secure the first win of the qualifiers.

Equatorial Guinea were denied a dream start to their quest for a place in Morocco as they suffered a 2-0 loss at the hands of Algeria in the Group E opener on Thursday.

Following a goalless first half at the Miloud Hadefi Stadium, Houssem Aouar and Aminie Gouri found the target after the break to inspire the Greens to all three points.

Equatorial Guinea have now lost three of their most recent four competitive matches, including a 1-0 defeat against Guinea in the 2023 AFCON round of 16 in January.

Trending

Meanwhile, Togo were left disappointed on Thursday as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Liberia in their group curtain-raiser at the Stade de Kégué.

Cercle Brugge forward Kévin Denkey struck in the 78th minute to put Daré Nibombe’s men in front but William Gibson restored parity in the second minute of stoppage time.

With Thursday's result, Togo have now gone unbeaten in seven of their last eight competitive matches, picking up two wins and five draws since March 2023.

Equatorial Guinea vs Togo Head-To-Head and Key Numbers
The results have been split right down the middle in the history of this fixture, with both nations picking up one win apiece in their last four meetings.
Togo have failed to win four of their last five competitive away matches, losing three and claiming one draw since June 2022.
Equatorial Guinea have lost three of their last four matches across all competitions, with a 1-0 victory over Malawi on June 10 being the exception.
Togo are unbeaten in four of their last five matches across all competitions, claiming one win and three draws since kicking off the year with a 3-0 friendly loss against Algeria on January 5.
Equatorial Guinea vs Togo Prediction

Off the back of a disappointing opening-day defeat, both nations will head into Monday’s clash looking to bounce back and get their qualifying campaign up and running.

Equatorial Guinea’s home advantage should give them a slight upper hand and we are tipping them to secure all three points in front of their home supporters.

Prediction: Equatorial Guinea 2-0 Togo

Equatorial Guinea vs Togo Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Equatorial Guinea to win

Tip 2: Over 2.5 goals - No (There have been fewer than three goals scored in Equatorial Guinea’s last six matches)

Tip 3: Over 4.5 cards - No (There have also been fewer than five bookings in five of Equatorial Guinea’s last six games)

Quick Links

African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019 Togo Football Equatorial Guinea Football
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/equatorial-guinea-vs-togo-prediction-betting-tips-september-9th-2024 
 ----- 
