Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
International
All Blacks Great ‘surprised’ By Size Of Scott Robertson’s Backroom Team After Revealing Jason Ryan Story
All Blacks great ‘surprised’ by size of Scott Robertson’s backroom team after revealing Jason Ryan story
Colin Newboult
26 Jul 2024 11:49 AM
8

All Blacks head coach Scott Robertson and forwards guru Jason Ryan.

Former All Blacks scrum-half Justin Marshall has questioned whether Scott Robertson’s backroom team is too large and if the number of voices passing down the information is confusing the players.

The 49-year-old heads up a staff that includes four assistant coaches in Jason Ryan (forwards), Leon MacDonald (attack), Scott Hansen (defence) and Jason Holland (backs).

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>

They are the main people helping out Robertson, but there are also a number of other individuals in the group, such as Tamati Ellison (contact skills), David Hill (kicking) and Corey Flynn (lineout throwing).

‘Nearly a second bus’

When you add in all the other support staff, Marshall states that “you’re probably looking at around 15 or 16” people, which he joked is “nearly a second bus!”

The New Zealand great then added: “I was quite surprised when I came back, I saw Tamati Ellison walking around in an All Blacks tracksuit, and then I saw David Hill as well because they weren’t part of the first coaching selections.

“I think Corey Flynn’s just dipping in and out for a little bit of lineout work.”

Marshall wonders whether it is overkill, sharing a story about Ellison and the highly respected forwards guru Ryan which potentially gives credence to those concerns.

“I certainly know where the strengths of Jason Ryan are. They’re not just scrum, he’s very good at lineout and he’s very good at breakdown,” he told SENZ.

Ad

“I know that he changed the mindset of the breakdown to Ian Foster’s coaching group when he came in because I had a conversation with him.

“I said: ‘How’s it going? What’s it been like coming in?’ He said: ‘For a start off, it’s been quite interesting how much of a shambles the breakdown is, and I’ve been put on that.’

Justin Marshall: All Blacks not as ‘advanced’ as Ireland with Scott Robertson still searching for ‘innovation’

“I said: ‘Tamati Ellison, what’s he been brought in for?’ when I saw him (Ryan) walking around Eden Park [before the England game]. He’s been brought in to do breakdown, and I was thinking, ‘oh right, okay…’

Ad

“I thought that was an area Jason Ryan knew a lot about. Equally, it’s one of Razor’s strengths. He’s very good at the breakdown.

“I’m not sure, I believe that there will be a reason. Looking from the exterior, I would say that’s a hell of a lot of information coming at the players from all different areas and different voices.”

Ad
Will Scott Robertson be a success with the All Blacks?
Yes
No

Robertson’s choice

Marshall also looked at it from the perspective of Robertson, who has quite rightly earned an impressive reputation following his incredible work at the Crusaders.

The All Blacks great therefore believes that there must be a logical explanation as to why they have such a vast backroom team.

“He (Robertson) is a very good coach and at the moment he’s winning, so I’m guessing he’s feeling that he needs that help for some reason,” he said.

“I know Razor really well and he wouldn’t be doing this apart from through necessity. He obviously feels that he needs that amount of detail.”

READ MORE: ‘Ardie Savea would play the same in the 12 jersey!’ – All Blacks great believes Scott Robertson missed a ‘perfect opportunity’

International
Justin Marshall
Scott Robertson
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
David Skippers
30 Dec 2024
Justin Marshall’s forthright verdict on Crusaders’ chances ahead of 2025 Super Rugby campaign

Justin Marshall has given his verdict on the Crusaders' chances ahead of next year's Super Rugby Pacific tournament.

David Skippers
30 Dec 2024
‘Try and see it from our perspective’ – All Blacks great’s blunt view on France’s tour controversy

All Blacks great Justin Marshall has given his view on France revealing that they might not send their strongest squad on their tour to New Zealand in 2025.

David Skippers
29 Dec 2024
All Blacks legend pinpoints defining moment in lost Springboks Test as ‘where we need to get to’

Justin Marshall has highlighted a lesson learnt in an All Blacks' defeat to the Springboks as "where we need to get to" as New Zealand aim to improve during the 2025 Test season.

David Skippers
29 Dec 2024
Justin Marshall: All Blacks ‘the scalp everyone wants to get’ despite indifferent form

Justin Marshall feels that despite their indifferent form in 2024, the All Blacks are still a major drawcard for spectators throughout the world and the side that most opponents at Test level want to beat.

Editor's Picks
Six Nations: All the fixtures and kick-off times ahead of the 2025 edition
06 Jan 2025
Who’s hot and who’s not: Tom Willis bangs on England door while Sale’s is wide open and France ‘hammered’ by injuries
06 Jan 2025
Premiership Team of the Week: ‘Unstoppable’ England hopeful Paul Gustard’s star player while ‘outstanding’ Fin Smith edges Test linchpins to fly-half jersey
06 Jan 2025
Northampton Saints v Bath: Five takeaways as the champions pip table-toppers in ‘one of the matches of the season’
05 Jan 2025
3
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
41
Test Rugby
Eben Etzebeth weighs in on greatest debate as third World Cup remains Springboks’ ‘main thing’
17 hours ago
10
Six Nations: France suffer a THIRD huge blow as update given on Charles Ollivon injury
20 hours ago
7
Gayton McKenzie’s blunt verdict on SA Rugby’s private equity deal with US investors
21 hours ago
3
Another Joseph Suaalii? League star could spark All Blacks-Wallabies’ bidding war before Rugby World Cup 2027
07 Jan 2025
England: Another HUGE setback for Steve Borthwick as Immanuel Feyi-Waboso’s British and Irish Lions’ hopes dealt a hammer blow
07 Jan 2025
1
Champions Cup
Leinster bolstered as FIVE Ireland internationals ‘available’ for La Rochelle grudge match
17 hours ago
2
Springboks star admits surprise at Toulouse’s decision as Antoine Dupont and co. primed for ‘tough’ Durban clash
22 hours ago
6
Andre Esterhuizen reveals the ‘strange’ aspect of playing in the north compared to Super Rugby
22 hours ago
3
Loose Pass: Comparing Tom O’Toole and Jordie Barrett’s clearouts and Champions Cup set to ‘reward mediocrity’
22 hours ago
3
Ronan O’Gara: Leinster a ‘wake-up call’ for ‘suffering’ La Rochelle side ‘frozen by my demands’
06 Jan 2025
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/all-blacks-great-surprised-by-size-of-scott-robertsons-backroom-team-after-revealing-jason-ryan-story 
 ----- 
