Skip to content
Sign in / Register
Green settings
Submenu
EN
Translate Submenu
Main Logo
About Us
Solutions Portal
Submenu
Events
Resources
Submenu
Climate Change Adaptation in Mountains
Pastoralism in the high tropical Andes: A review of the effect of grazing intensity on plant diversity and ecosystem services
What are the impacts of grazing on biodiversity and ecosystem services in the tropical Andes? Explore the findings of this systematic review.
Multiple Authors
471 Page views
July 31, 2024
3 min read
Credit: Hector Ramon Perez (Unsplash)
Bookmark
Learn 
Articles 
Pastoralism in the high tropical Andes: A review of the effect of grazing intensity on plant diversity and ecosystem services

This article is an abridged version of the original text, which can be downloaded from the right-hand column. We highlight some of the paper’s key messages below, but please access the original text for more comprehensive detail, full references, or to quote text. 

To cite the original text, please use: Duchicela, S.A., Llambí, L.D., Bonnesoeur, V. & Román-Dañobeytia, F. (2024) Pastoralism in the high tropical Andes: A review of the effect of grazing intensity on plant diversity and ecosystem services. Applied Vegetation Science, 27, e12791. Available from: https://doi.org/10.1111/avsc.12791.
Introduction

Pastoralism is a land-use system that involves the care and use of grazing livestock and has been more common in areas of low resource availability. In this review, the authors analyze the impact of pastoralism on biodiversity and ecosystem services across the tropical Andes. This region is the most extensive and populated tropical mountain region in the world and presents a high diversity of biomes, livestock types and management histories. Given that pastoralism is a main land use here, understanding its impacts is important for providing appropriate recommendations for sustainable management.

To promote conservation, sustainable management and design appropriate adaptation strategies in this naturally and culturally diverse region, it is important to understand the role pastoralism has played and the impacts it has had in these socio-ecological systems. For example, it is unclear how different levels of grazing intensity by native camelids and exotic livestock could differentially affect multiple ecosystem indicators.

The review seeks to analyze the impact of different types of grazing (in terms of the types of animals, grazing intensity, and management strategies) on biodiversity and ecosystem services in the main pastoral systems that have been studied in the tropical Andes. The study addresses the complexities of pastoralist systems across the region by describing their environmental context and prevalent management strategies, using that to analyze their ecosystem impacts. To do this, the authors reviewed peer-reviewed publications to evaluate the main pastoral systems in the region and systematically recorded the types and effects of different levels of grazing intensity.

Method

To understand the impacts of pastoralism, the authors performed a systematic literature search (August 2021) and obtained 103 articles. The systematic review considered four main aspects:


a description of the most common and most investigated pastoral systems in the tropical Andes;
these studies’ research methods;
whether grazing pressure evaluations were included and if so, which ones; and
the indicators of biodiversity and ecosystem services impacted and the metrics used to measure them.

Using their review criteria (see original paper for more detail), the authors obtained a total of 243 articles, 103 that contained potential comparable data on the characteristics of pastoral systems and their grazing impacts, and a separate 141 articles that could be used to describe the regional context.

A conceptual framework was created to map how available research has contributed to the study’s understanding of the main pastoral systems, their associated management strategies and the impact of different grazing intensities on vegetation cover/diversity and ecosystem services.

Conceptual diagram reflecting and expanding upon the prevalent themes found in 103 articles included in the review. The four main components are: (a) a description of the management strategies/livestock system, (b) the study methods, (c) the grazing pressure evaluation methods, and (d) indicators of grazing impact analyzed to show trends in the available literature (see Figure 2, p. 6).
Lessons Learned
Research has focused on two leading pastoral systems in the region: bovines in the páramo biome of the northern Andes and camelids in the puna biome of the central Andes.
There were important environmental impacts at high grazing intensities for both the puna camelid and páramo bovine pastoral systems, including a decrease in soil organic carbon and an increase in soil compaction, a decrease in above-ground biomass, plant species richness, and graminoid cover, as well as clear changes in the growth-form composition of vegetation.
The results indicate that low grazing levels can be compatible with maintaining both biodiversity and key ecosystem services while sustaining pastoralist systems, which can play diverse roles in the local/regional economy.
In the case of the páramo, especially when grazing by exotic bovines occurs within protected areas, there is a need to critically evaluate the role that this productive activity plays in the rural socioeconomic and cultural context vis-à-vis its ecological impacts (e.g., the regulation of water provision for agriculture and human consumption), and to explore sustainable management alternatives and their effectiveness (e.g., management of grazing pressures through fencing and rotation, cattle exclusion from critical areas such as wetlands, genetic improvement of animal herds, pasture management).

Explore the review’s findings in more detail as well as recommendations for future research by downloading the paper on the right-hand side.

Suggested Citation:

Duchicela, S.A., Llambí, L.D., Bonnesoeur, V. & Román-Dañobeytia, F. (2024) Pastoralism in the high tropical Andes: A review of the effect of grazing intensity on plant diversity and ecosystem services. Applied Vegetation Science, 27, e12791. Available from: https://doi.org/10.1111/avsc.12791

Like
Comment
Share
Further resources
Multiple Authors
Building strongholds for people and nature in the high Andes: Saving and restoring wetlands is helping communities to manage scarce water resources in the face of climate change
Discover how community members in Jujuy Province, Argentina are working to improve the management of the precious water that enables them to graze llamas and other livestock in local wetlands and grasslands, and to grow crops to feed their families or sell on local markets, in this solution story.
June 2, 2023
2 min read
Multiple Authors
Current state of climate change policies and adaptation strategies in the Andes: A multi-sectoral view from the mountains
A new regional study on the current state of climate change policies and adaptation strategies in the Andes shows the achievements in seven Andean countries, and raises future prospects.
September 2, 2021
4 min read
Multiple Authors
The high Andean basins face climate change: Results from seven case studies on vulnerability
Explore an analysis of available information on the vulnerability of hydrographic basins to climate change at the Andean continental level. The study analyzes seven basins, one for each Andean country, an includes a situational diagnosis and recommendations for reducing climate vulnerability in the Andes, as well as the identification of knowledge gaps and priority work issues for adaptation in the region.
July 28, 2023
5 min read
Multiple Authors
First Latin-American edition of IPROMO: Sustainable Management of Socio-Ecosystems in the Andes
This article describes the first course of the IPROMO Mountains Training Programme held in Spanish. The course was organised by CONDESAN with the support of two initiatives financed by the Swiss Agency for Cooperation and Development (SDC).
June 25, 2021
3 min read
Load more
Featured Resources
Pastoralism in the high tropical Andes: A review of the effect
of grazing intensity on plant diversity and ecosystem services (2023)
18 Views
Download
Contributors
Luis Daniel Llambi Cartaya
Project Coordinator
CONDESAN

PhD in Biology, University of York. Full professor at the Institute of Environmental and Ecological Sciences (ICAE) and th...
1 Follower
Follow
Alejandra Melfo
I am a theoretical physicist-turned-ecologist out of love for the mountains, based in Mérida, Venezuela. I have been invol...
1 Follower
Follow
Tags
livestock
ecosystem services
Land use
biodiversity
systematic literature review
Andes
mountainous regions
Conceptual framework
Pastoralism
Adaptation at Altitude Programme
sustainable management
journal article
Vegetation
Article Theme
Climate Change Adaptation in Mountains
Mountains are highly vulnerable to climate change. They also provide numerous essential services. This theme explores how mountains and mountain communities can be made more resilient.
137 Members
Join
Share
Contributing organisations
CONDESAN
21 Members
Contact
ULA
Contact
ICAE
2 Members
Contact
Universidad de las Américas
Contact
UC Riverside
Contact
The Regional Initiative for Hydrological Monitoring of Andean Ecosystems (iMHEA)
Contact
Related Themes & Networks
Climate, Food Security and Agriculture
This theme explores climate-smart agriculture, land use and land degradation and the connections and challenges linked to the water, energy and food sectors.
65 Members
Join
Share
Published: July 31, 2024
Adaptation At Altitude
About Us
Solutions Portal
Events
Resources
Get in touch
Contact us
Information
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Cookie Notice
Creative Commons
Join the A@A Knowledge Network
Sign up
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
Adaptation at Altitude is powered by weADAPT.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://adaptationataltitude.org/knowledge-base/adaptation-in-mountains/pastoralism-in-the-high-tropical-andes-a-review-of-the-effect-of-grazing-intensity-on-plant-diversity-and-ecosystem-services/ 
 ----- 
