MLB
New York Yankees
Yankees' Aaron Judge says 2023 season is a failure

New York Yankees outfielder Aaron Judge said the 2023 season is a failure after his team was eliminated from the playoffs.

By 

Ryan Bologna

Sep 24, 2023 at 9:44 PM ET

The New York Yankees were officially eliminated from the 2023 postseason after their loss to the Arizona Diamondbacks on Sunday dropped them to 78-77 on the season, and Yankees captain Aaron Judge had a strong take about what happened this season after the game.

“If I'm not standing here talking to you guys after a championship, it's a failure,” Aaron Judge said, via Bryan Hoch of MLB.com. “After all of the work you've put in the offseason, training, preparation, coming out here on a daily basis, rain or shine, to play a game – it's about bringing a championship back. That's why we play. That's why I'm here.”

The Yankees have missed the playoffs for the first time since the 2016 season, which was when Judge was called up to the major leagues in the middle of the year. Judge went on to say why he came back to the Yankees in free agency.

“That's why I came back to New York with this group of guys, to build something and get New York back to where it's supposed to be. When you don't show up and produce and get kicked out like this in the regular season, that's a big failure right there. We've got a lot of work to do, a lot of internal talks, a lot of stuff we've go to get figured out.”

Judge added that there is a lot that needs to be fixed this offseason.

“We've got a lot to work on, a lot of things to chance, and a lot of stuff going on around here that needs to be fixed,” Judge said via Hoch.

Related New York Yankees News
Article continues below
Yankees fans involved in Mookie Betts World Series incident banned from MLB stadiums
16h
MLB rumors: Yankees’ Marcus Stroman stance could result in attention-grabbing addition
1d
Yankees’ Devin Williams avoids arbitration with $8.6 million deal
1d
Billy Joel, Rod Stewart set historic Yankee Stadium show
1d

When asked what needs to be changed, Judge declined to elaborate.

“We'll keep that in-house,” Judge said, via Hoch.

It will be interesting to see what Brian Cashman and Hal Steinbrenner do. Hal Steinbrenner mentioned reviewing the analytics department. Brian Cashman will have to make some moves to improve the roster.

One thing is for sure, the Yankees will look to contend next season with Judge and Gerrit Cole locked into deals in their prime.

Ryan Bologna is an experienced sports writer covering the NFL, MLB, and NCAA Basketball for ClutchPoints. He studied journalism and communication at UConn, and has bylines at New York Sports Nation and the Greenwich Free Press.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
MLB rumors: Yankees receiving trade interest in Oswaldo Cabrera
1 day ago
MLB rumors: Yankees’ Marcus Stroman stance could result in attention-grabbing addition
1 day ago
MLB rumors: The $18 million trade Yankees are trying to make
3 days ago
Yankees’ top 3 bargain bin free agent targets
3 days ago
Yankees’ Devin Williams avoids arbitration with $8.6 million deal
1 day ago
Billy Joel, Rod Stewart set historic Yankee Stadium show
1 day ago
MLB rumors: Why Roki Sasaki won’t sign at start of next international signing period
5 days ago
Yankees fans involved in Mookie Betts World Series incident banned from MLB stadiums
15 hours ago
Aaron Boone fully endorses DJ LeMahieu despite Gavin Lux, Luis Arraez trade links
4 days ago
MLB rumors: Yankees’ Luis Arraez trade pursuit doused in cold water by insider
4 days ago
MLB rumors: Yankees eye Gavin Lux trade with Dodgers, but there’s a Mariners catch
5 days ago
MLB rumors: Yankees eyeing Luis Arrraez trade with Padres amid Gavin Lux buzz
4 days ago
Aaron Judge
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/yankees-news-aaron-judge-gets-real-nys-failure-amid-elimination-from-2023-postseason 
 ----- 
