Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Sam Moore
Vince McMahon
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Yankees eliminated from playoff contention with 7-1 loss to Diamondbacks
1 of 2 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks shortstop Jordan Lawlar (10) and centerfielder Alek Thomas celebrate after defeating the New York Yankees during a baseball game, Sept. 24, 2023, in New York. (AP Photo/John Munson)

2 of 2 |  

New York Yankees designated hitter Aaron Judge walks back to the dugout after being called out on strikes to end the fifth inning during a baseball game against the Arizona Diamondbacks, Sunday, Sept. 24, 2023, in New York. (AP Photo/John Munson)

BY  THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
Updated 2:22 AM UTC, September 25, 2023
Share

NEW YORK (AP) — The New York Yankees missed the playoffs for the first time since 2016, getting mathematically eliminated with a rainy 7-1 loss Sunday to the Arizona Diamondbacks as Zac Gallen got his 17th win.

Arizona won for the sixth time in seven games and remained in position for the NL’s second wild card, a half-game ahead of the Chicago Cubs. The Diamondbacks also clinched their first winning season since 2019.

On a windy, raining afternoon when fly balls became unpredictable, Gallen (17-8) allowed three hits in six innings, struck out eight and walked two. He won for the third time in four starts and had his eighth scoreless outing this season.

Tommy Pham and Christian Walker produced sacrifice flies on consecutive pitches in the first inning off Carlos Rodón (3-7). Rodón allowed five runs — three earned — and five hits in 6 1/3 innings.

RELATED STORIES
Broncos' first postseason berth in 9 years has them facing playoff-tested Bills
Royals agree with RHP Michael Lorenzen on $7 million, 1-year contract, AP source says
Playoff-bound Texans cruise to 23-14 win over the Titans, who land No. 1 draft pick
NATIONALS 3, BRAVES 2, GAME 1

BRAVES 8, NATIONALS 5, GAME 2

WASHINGTON (AP) — Spencer Strider earned his major league-leading 19th win and Atlanta got its 100th victory of the season, splitting a doubleheader with Washington.

In the opener, rookie Jackson Rutledge earned his first major league victory.

Strider (19-5) pitched 5 2/3 innings and yielded four runs on seven hits, including Luis García’s solo shot in the sixth. The right-hander struck out four to give him 274 for the year, two shy of John Smoltz’s 1996 single-season modern franchise record.

Nationals starter Joan Adon (2-4) gave up four runs and struck out five in 4 2/3 innings.

In the first game, Rutledge (1-1) allowed three hits and struck out four over five innings in his third career start. Kyle Finnegan allowed a homer in the ninth, but earned his 27th save.

Atlanta starter Allan Winans (1-2), who was recalled Sunday from Triple-A Gwinnett, surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings. He struck out six in his fifth start for the Braves.

ORIOLES 5, GUARDIANS 1

CLEVELAND (AP) — Kyle Gibson pitched seven strong innings, Adley Rutschman reached base four times and Baltimore moved closer to clinching the AL East title.

Baltimore has a 2 1/2-game lead over second-place Tampa Bay in the division and reduced its magic number to three. Baltimore has six games remaining and holds the tiebreaker over the Rays.

Gibson (15-9) allowed one run and five hits while striking out four. The right-hander was pulled after a leadoff double in the eighth.

The Guardians’ Triston McKenzie (0-2), activated from the 60-day injured list before the game, issued a career-high six walks in 1 2/3 innings. He allowed three runs and didn’t strike out a batter.

DODGERS 3, GIANTS 2, 10 INNINGS

LOS ANGELES (AP) — Chris Taylor’s line-drive single to center field in the 10th inning lifted NL West champion Los Angeles past San Francisco.

Amed Rosario began the inning at second base and took third on pinch-hitter Kolten Wong’s groundout to short. Taylor singled off Camilo Dorval (6-6) to drive in Rosario and give the Dodgers a 6-6 record in extra-inning games this season.

The Giants loaded the bases in the top of the 10th. Pinch-hitter Mitch Haniger was the designated runner at second to start the inning. After J.D. Davis struck out, Joc Pederson was intentionally walked by Shelby Miller (3-0). Thairo Estrada hit a fly ball to center that Kiké Hernández lost in the gathering dusk. It fell to his left to load the bases.

But the Dodgers got out of trouble with an inning-ending double play. Pinch-hitter Patrick Bailey grounded up the middle, with the ball catching Miller’s arm before the shortstop tagged second and threw to first.

Dodgers starter Lance Lynn gave up his major league-leading 43rd homer in the fifth. Lynn allowed two runs and five hits in six innings. He struck out six and walked three.

BLUE JAYS 9, RAYS 5

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — George Springer hit an inside-the-park, three-run homer, made a diving catch and threw out a runner, helping Toronto beat Tampa to take two of three in a series of potential playoff opponents.

Vladimir Guerrero Jr. homered twice, making an impressive bat flip after the second, and Bo Bichette also went deep for the Blue Jays. Toronto extended its lead for the second AL wild card to two games over Houston and 2 1/2 games ahead of Seattle.

Isaac Paredes hit his 30th homer for Tampa Bay, which has clinched at the least the AL’s top wild card.

Rays starter Taj Bradley (5-8) retired 10 in a row after Springer’s homer. The rookie allowed six runs and seven hits in a career-high seven innings.

Toronto starter Yusei Kikuchi was pulled after allowing three runs and nine hits over four innings. Trevor Richards (2-1) worked two scoreless innings for the win.

MARLINS 6, BREWERS 1

MIAMI (AP) — Jon Berti had his second career multihomer game, and Miami beat Milwaukee, the second straight day they prevented the Brewers from clinching the NL Central.

Josh Bell also went deep, Jorge Soler had three hits and Jazz Chisholm Jr. doubled twice for the Marlins, who remained one game behind the Chicago Cubs for the third NL wild card spot. Milwaukee’s division lead over the second-place Cubs was cut to six games.

Marlins starter Edward Cabrera (7-7) allowed one run and five hits in five-plus innings with five strikeouts.

Berti homered in the second on a slider from Freddy Peralta (12-10), who gave up four runs and nine hits in three innings.

RANGERS 6, MARINERS 8

ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Marcus Semien homered twice, Corey Seager had a go-ahead, two-run shot and Texas held on to finish a three-game sweep in a crucial AL West series.

Adolis García, Leody Taveras and rookie Evan Carter also went deep as the Rangers hit a season-high six homers, their most at four-season-old Globe Life Field.

AL West-leading Texas (85-70) won its fifth consecutive game and moved 2 1/2 games ahead of defending World Series champion Houston, which was swept at home by Kansas City. Seattle (84-71) trails Houston by a half-game for the third and final wild card.

Nathan Eovaldi (12-4) won for the first time since July 18, making his fifth start since missing seven weeks with a right forearm strain. He left with the bases loaded and a 7-2 lead in the sixth, but ended up allowing five runs in five innings. José Leclerc finished for his fourth save.

Mariners starter Bryan Woo (4-5) matched the six runs he allowed his debut against the Rangers in 3 1/3 innings.

PHILLIES 5, METS 2

PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Nick Castellanos hit his 29th homer to move Philadelphia within one win of a National League playoff berth, completing a four-game sweep over New York.

The win was a bright spot in what the Phillies hoped would be a much more joyous day.

Wins earlier in the day by the Chicago Cubs and Miami Marlins meant a potential NL wild-card clinch had to wait at least one more game.

Phillies starter Cristopher Sánchez (3-5) struck out 10 in seven innings. Michael Lorenzen, rocked since he pitched a no-hitter in August, tossed a scoreless ninth for his first save.

J.T. Realmuto had a two-run single off Mets starter José Butto (2-2) in the fourth and Castellanos followed the same inning with a two-run shot to left field that sent the Phillies on their way to their fifth straight win.

ROYALS 6, ASTROS 5

HOUSTON (AP) — Nelson Velázquez hit two home runs and Salvador Perez and Matt Duffy also homered as Kansas City built a big lead early and held on for a win over slumping Houston.

Kansas City has won six straight games and 10 of 11. The Royals raced to a 6-2 lead after tagging rookie Hunter Brown (11-13) for all four homers in just three innings.

Yordan Alvarez hit a solo homer to cut the lead to one run in the fifth. But the defending World Series champions couldn’t do anything after that on a day they went 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position and lost for the fifth time in six games.

Steven Cruz opened the game for the Royals and allowed three hits and run in an inning before Alec Marsh (3-8) took over. He allowed three hits and four runs — three earned — with six strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings for the win.

It’s the fifth win in a row for the 102-loss Royals, who took five of six from the Astros this season.

TWINS 9, ANGELS 3

MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Ryan Jeffers homered, tripled and drove in three runs to back a strong outing by Joe Ryan as Minnesota pulled away late to beat Los Angeles.

After a 50-minute rain delay, Jeffers and Max Kepler each hit a two-run homer in the seventh inning to help the Twins expand a one-run lead.

Los Angeles reliever Carson Fulmer (0-1), making his first major league appearance since 2021, allowed three runs over four innings to take the loss.

Ryan (11-10) tied Pablo López for the team lead in wins. He pitched six innings, giving up three runs on seven hits with no walks and 10 strikeouts — one shy of his career high. It was the sixth time Ryan struck out 10 batters this seasons.

CUBS 4, ROCKIES 3

CHICAGO (AP) — Patrick Wisdom put Chicago ahead with a two-run homer in the sixth inning, Seiya Suzuki had two hits and scored twice, and the Cubs helped their playoff chances by beating Colorado.

Yan Gomes also drove in two runs for the Cubs, who remained a game in front of Miami for the National League’s final postseason berth. Chicago is a half-game behind Arizona for the second of three wild cards.

Jordan Wicks (4-1) allowed three runs over six innings for Chicago in its final home game of the regular season. The Cubs have won three straight after dropping seven of eight.

Brendan Rodgers and Nolan Jones homered for the Rockies in their franchise-record 99th loss.

Gomes’ sacrifice fly pulled the Cubs within 3-2 in the sixth. Wisdom followed with his 22nd homer of the season, a 432-foot drive that chased Ty Blach (3-3). Blach gave up four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings.

REDS 4, PIRATES 2

CINCINNATI (AP) — TJ Friedl hit a two-run homer and drove in the tiebreaking run in the seventh inning as Cincinnati bounced back from a historic collapse the night before to beat Pittsburgh.

Joey Votto received ovations from the crowd all day and singled in what could be his final home at-bat for the Reds.

Christian Encarnacion-Strand added a solo homer for Cincinnati, which stayed 2 1/2 games behind the Chicago Cubs for the final National League wild card. The Reds have five games remaining, all on the road.

Jose Hernandez (1-2) took the loss. Lucas Sims (7-3) earned the win for Cincinnati. Ian Gibaut earned his second save.

Reds left-hander Brandon Williamson retired 12 of his first 14 batters before Jack Suwinski led off the fifth with a home run, his 26th of the season.

PADRES 12, CARDINALS 2

SAN DIEGO (AP) — Juan Soto hit a 461-foot homer and had four RBIs for San Diego, which was pushed closer to elimination from the playoff picture even as it beat St. Louis in its home finale.

Right fielder Fernando Tatis Jr. made a spectacular leaping catch to rob pinch-hitter Michael Siani of a home run in the sixth. Tatis did a little dance and acknowledged the crowd’s ovation.

Jose Azocar also homered for the Padres, who had nine extra-base hits in winning for the ninth time in 10 games. Their best stretch of the season is likely coming too late as they moved closer to elimination from the wild-card race after the Chicago Cubs and Arizona Diamondbacks both won.

Soto hit a three-run homer off lefty Drew Rom (1-4) in the first inning, his 33rd. Rom allowed eight runs, six earned, and 11 hits in 3 1/3 innings.

Michael Wacha (13-4) held the Cardinals to two runs and six hits in seven innings while striking out six and walking one against his original team. His only big mistake was allowing Luken Baker’s two-run homer in the seventh, his second.

WHITE SOX 3, RED SOX 2

BOSTON (AP) — Mike Clevinger pitched six solid innings, Elvis Andrus had a two-run double and Chicago beat Boston in a rain-shortened game, ending a string of 12 straight series losses.

Adam Duvall and Wilyer Abreu each hit a solo homer for the Red Sox, who are on pace to finish in the AL East basement for the third time in four years.

The umpires called for the tarp after the sixth and it was called after a 1 hour, 43-minute delay.

Clevinger (9-8) gave up two runs and five hits without striking out or walking a batter.

Playing with rain falling most of the time for the second straight day, the White Sox scored twice with just one hit against Kutter Crawford (6-8).

TIGERS 2, ATHLETICS 0

OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Eduardo Rodriguez threw seven scoreless innings and Detroit beat the last-placed Oakland in its last home game.

Spencer Torkelson had two hits and drove in the only runs in the game with a two-run single in the third.

The A’s (48-108) lost for the ninth time in 11 games and tied the Oakland-era record for most losses in a season, initially set in 1979. The A’s also tied the franchise mark of 55 home losses.

Rodriguez (12-9) left his previous outing last Monday due to back spasms. He was mostly sharp in his return despite four walks. He allowed five hits and did not allow a run while pitching seven innings or more for the sixth time this season.

Jason Foley retired two batters and Alex Lange got the final four outs for his 25th save.

Athletics starter JP Sears (5-13) had seven strikeouts and allowed two runs and six hits in five innings. The ironman of the A’s rotation, Sears threw 97 pitches and walked two in his 31st start of the season.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Use an AI Writing Tool That Actually Understands Your...
Grammarly
:
Advertisement
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
ACLU sues Florida Gov. DeSanti s for not calling special election s for state House and Senate...
Charges against men accused of shooting at Black FedEx driver...
A Mississippi judge has dismissed all charges against two white men who pros...
AP News
Appeals court denies bid to block public release of special...
A federal appeals court has denied a bid to block the public release of special couns...
AP News
Learn How To Write Faster for Work (Find Out Now)
Grammarly
Advertisement:
Learn More
手術最高給付80倍 | 凱基人壽超術配 手術終身保險，貼心守護
凱基人壽
Advertisement:
了解更多
百元響應我挺你！助失親寶貝走出家境困難，加入幸福行列
財團法人台北市失親兒福利基金會
Advertisement:
了解更多
完善住院日額｜凱基人壽健康樂活醫療終身保險，全程守護安心保障
凱基人壽
Advertisement:
了解更多
一天不到一杯咖啡的價格，認養失親寶貝讓愛從此不缺席！
財團法人台北市失親兒福利基金會
Advertisement:
了解更多
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力 測驗，並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
櫥舊佈新｜大容量簡約櫥櫃
1/1-2/18 滿千送百無上限，再抽北海道機票
宜得利家居
Advertisement:
了解更多
在藥局買的「全效合一水凝霜」只塗1個月！照鏡子嚇了一跳！
在藥局買的「全效合一水凝霜」只塗1個月！照鏡子嚇了一跳！
YUKINOUE
Advertisement:
了解更多
老協珍年菜 現在下訂，年前到貨【全館 滿$3888現折$200】現在購買
老協珍
Advertisement:
立即選購
蔬食米其林．茶香鳳梨酥
三萩茶會
Advertisement:
立即選購
溫潤如米黃，提樑如詩。 每次倒茶，米 黃提樑壺都讓茶香更添柔和與高貴。
ZenArtis【禪藝茶餐具】
Advertisement:
立即選購
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
A new book alleges that someon e at Fox News gave Trump's...
A forthcoming book alleges that someone inside Fox News gave Donald Trump’s pr...
AP News
五星級尊榮獻禮【皇家婚禮甜心酥】
三萩茶會
Advertisement:
立即選購
每一次手沖，都是與咖啡親密的接觸。 這款精緻咖啡壺套裝，讓你感覺咖啡的獨特魅力。
ZenArtis【禪藝茶餐具】
Advertisement:
立即選購
If you own a mouse, you have to play this game. No Install. Pla...
PanzerRush
Advertisement:
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be...
A judge has ruled that a Wisconsin woman who stabbed her sixth grade classmate t...
AP News
適合長者的 60 平方米簡易別墅，享受 悠閒生活！
預製房屋 | 搜尋廣告
Advertisement:
立即搜索
土耳其11天團團保證出發，安排中段飛機、住五星飯店
百威旅遊
Advertisement:
了解更多
2024最熱門網頁遊戲，首款繼承沉浸式H5網頁遊戲
《仙途大世界》
Advertisement:
現在註冊
by Taboola
Suggested For You
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居:Advertisement
了解更多
在藥局買的「這個」只塗1個月！照鏡子嚇了一跳！
YUKINOUE:Advertisement
了解更多
台灣的平均智商為 106，參加此智力測驗，並查看您的智商是否更高
WW IQ Test:Advertisement
老協珍x頤宮 【米其林三星級年菜饗宴】限量開賣！2025年限定珍稀逸品，限量199組！
老協珍:Advertisement
立即選購
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
News is free. Journalism is not.
For over 175 years, The Associated Press has been a trusted, independent source for fast, accurate and unbiased reporting. Today, we continue to cover the world’s biggest stories from nearly 250 locations in 100 countries. Support the AP.
DONATE
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Manage Your Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/sports/baseball-chicago-cubs-arizona-diamondbacks-new-york-yankees-0bf4e2a816c05be8366d2b68e75a13f3 
 ----- 
