Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
New York Yankees officially eliminated from 2023 MLB postseason
The Yankees were eliminated after a 7-1 loss to the Diamondbacks on Sunday afternoon
Jack Baer
Staff writer
Mon, Sep 25, 2023·6 min read
113
The 2023 Yankees were a "disaster" from top to bottom and will officially be watching from home in October. (AP/Noah K. Murray)

The 2023 New York Yankees, dubbed a "disaster" by their own general manager, can now be officially labled "eliminated from the playoffs."

MLB's premier team was eliminated from playoff contention Sunday with a 7-1 loss to the Arizona Diamondbacks, marking the first time the Yankees have missed the postseason since 2016. Their streak of six straight playoff appearances was tied for fourth-longest in MLB history (and aided by MLB's playoff expansion in recent years).

It's a position few expected for the Yankees at the beginning of this season, when the PECOTA projection system pegged them at 99 wins, the highest total in MLB. The Yankees essentially took last year's 99-win team and added $162 million man Carlos Rodón to the rotation while losing marginal contributors such as Andrew Benintendi, Jameson Taillon and Aroldis Chapman. And, of course, they gave Aaron Judge $360 million.

The moves added up to a $298.5 million 40-man payroll on Opening Day, second-largest in MLB.

Even so, it didn't take long for many to start worrying in the Bronx. The Yankees' 15-14 start in the first month of the season wasn't a disaster, but it put them a full eight games back from the AL East lead due to the Tampa Bay Rays' record unbeaten run to start the season.

The Yankees improved their record to 34-24 by the end of May ... and were still six games back. It never got better from there, with the team going 11-12 in June and seeing the bottom drop out in July, with Judge sidelined for much of that span after fracturing his toe in a collision with a Dodger Stadium wall. The Yankees could've cut their losses and sold at the trade deadline — or bought, if they believed they had a run in them once Judge came back — but they ended up doing basically nothing.

By the end of August, GM Brian Cashman was admitting the obvious and beginning to regroup for next year. Now, the team's only goal left to fight for is avoiding their first sub-.500 season since 1992.

The 2023 Yankees were a disaster from top to bottom

To get a sense of just how brutal this season has been for the Yankees, you have to look at their Opening Day lineup and parse what happened to each one of their players. Some had fine campaigns — Gerrit Cole remains the front-runner for the AL Cy Young Award — but the sheer number of disaster seasons is breathtaking.

Let's take a look:

1. DJ LeMahieu, 2B: LeMahieu opened his Yankees career with back-to-back top-five finishes in MVP voting and entered 2023 hitting .296 as a Yankee. The 35-year-old is currently hitting .242.

2. Aaron Judge, CF: Judge has been by far the Yankees' best hitter this season, but the month-and-a-half he missed in June and July might've cost the team more than anything else, as they once again rolled out a lineup lacking a supporting cast.

Aaron Judge
CF - NYY - #99
2023 - false season
367
AB
.267
AVG
37
HR
3
SB
1.019
OPS

3. Anthony Rizzo, 1B: The Yankees signed the former Chicago Cubs All-Star to a two-year, $40 million extension last winter and seemed to be rewarded with a career year, as he was slashing .304/.376/.505 through May 28. Unfortunately, on that day, Rizzo sustained a neck injury and hit .172/.271/.225 for the rest of the season until the Yankees started suspecting he had sustained a concussion. He was shut down for the season Sept. 6.

4. Giancarlo Stanton, RF: Baseball's former exit-velocity king missed a month-and-a-half due to a hamstring injury early in the year and posted his worst season at the plate, slashing .189/.273/.419 while also raising some questions about his health. He has $128 million remaining on his contract after this season.

Giancarlo Stanton
DH - NYY - #27
2023 - false season
371
AB
.191
AVG
24
HR
0
SB
.695
OPS

5. Josh Donaldson, 3B: Donaldson followed last year's career-worst season with an even bigger disappointment this year. He spent all but 33 games on the injured list due to hamstring and calf injuries, slashed .142/.225/.434 at the plate and was released at the end of August.

6. Gleyber Torres, DH: The player everyone expected New York to trade over the past year or so might be the only hitter who exceeded expectations this season. He is currently slashing .270/.342/.455 in a career-high 152 games.

Gleyber Torres
2B - DET - #25
2023 - false season
596
AB
.273
AVG
25
HR
13
SB
.800
OPS

7. Oswaldo Cabrera, LF: After a decent rookie season, Cabrera ranks toward the bottom of the Yankees' roster with -1.0 bWAR this season.

8. Jose Trevino, C: Last year's winner of the AL Platinum Glove, identifying him as the league's top defender regardless of position, posted a career-worst .570 OPS (min. five games) and was knocked out for the season in July due to a ligament tear in his right wrist.

9. Anthony Volpe, SS: Widely ranked as a top-10 prospect in baseball and considered a leading Rookie of the Year prospect, Volpe struggled mightily at the plate in his first season of MLB action, slashing 208/.284/.387 and leading the team in strikeouts. Statcast is a fan of his defense, at least.

Anthony Volpe
SS - NYY - #11
2023 - false season
541
AB
.209
AVG
21
HR
24
SB
.666
OPS

Let's go through the rotation as well — or at least, the rotation the Yankees hoped to have at some point this season.

1. Gerrit Cole: All good here.

Gerrit Cole
SP - NYY - #45
2023 - false season
209
IP
2.63
ERA
0.98
WHIP
222
K
48
BB

2. Nestor Cortes: After posting a 2.61 ERA in his first two seasons with the Yankees, Cortes recorded a 4.97 ERA before getting shut down for the season due to a rotator cuff strain.

3. Carlos Rodón: The Yankees signed Rodón to a $162 million contract but had to wait until July 7 for him to make his debut due to forearm and back injuries. He then struggled on the mound to the tune of a 5.74 ERA.

Carlos Rodón
SP - NYY - #55
2023 - false season
64.1
IP
6.85
ERA
1.45
WHIP
64
K
28
BB

4. Luis Severino: Severino's season ended Sept. 8 when he went down with an oblique injury. Before that, he posted a 6.65 ERA and called himself "the worst pitcher in the game."

5. Domingo Germán: The good: He threw a perfect game. The bad: Everything else, from his 10-game foreign substance suspension to an incident that reportedly saw him become drunkenly belligerent in the clubhouse. He finished the season by checking into alcohol rehab.

In addition to those five, the Yankees had Clarke Schmidt (4.65 ERA) and Jhony Brito (4.43 ERA) both make at least 10 starts, while last year's trade acquisition Frankie Montas made just his second rehab start with the Yankees' Triple-A affiliate Saturday after missing all season with a shoulder injury.

There were also stories such as center fielder Aaron Hicks being designated for assignment with more than $20 million remaining on his contract and top prospect Jasson Dominguez tearing his UCL eight games into his MLB career.

You could at least say the Yankees' bullpen was good, maybe even great, with an MLB-leading 3.37 ERA, but that's about it. Among Yankees players who mattered, we can charitably say that two people, Cole and Torres, had the seasons Yankees fans were hoping for.

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
How Jack Sawyer punched Ohio State's ticket to the CFP title game in 83 long, glorious yards

It was fitting that Sawyer, a two-year starter and three-year letterman and one of the faces of Ohio State's fierce defense, was the one who made the play of the game.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ex-USC QB Miller Moss rips outlet for misrepresenting post-wildfire footage of strangers playing basketball at family's home

"Those are utter strangers."

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL coaching requests, hires: Full list of teams and names being pursued

Feel overwhelmed by the sheer number of NFL interview news? Let Yahoo Sports help.

4d ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Pelicans suspend Zion Williamson after he was reportedly late to team flight to Philadelphia

Williamson, who recently returned to the court after a 27-game absence, will miss Friday's contest against the 76ers.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck commits to Miami for final season of college football

Beck had entered the 2025 NFL Draft before heading into the transfer portal.

22h ago
Yahoo Sports
College football bowl schedule, results ahead of CFP title game

From the IS4S Salute to Veterans Bowl on Dec. 14 to the College Football Playoff National Championship Game on Jan. 20, 82 teams will play in at least one postseason game.

a month ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
CFP semifinal reactions: Did Notre Dame get LUCKY? and where it ALL went wrong for Penn State | College Football Power Hour

Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz & Adam Breneman react to this Orange Bowl ‘instant classic’ as Notre Dame defeats Penn State 27-24.

22h ago
Yahoo Sports
Patrick Surtain II takes over as NFL Defensive Player of the Year betting favorite

Patrick Surtain II is vying to be the seventh cornerback to win DPOY.

9d ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL injury tracker, wild-card weekend: 'Business as usual' for Jordan Love, Ravens' Zay Flowers out, Jalen Hurts cleared

Here's everything you need to know injury-wise for wild-card weekend.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL MVP odds still favor Josh Allen, but Lamar Jackson is closing the gap

The NFL MVP race might come down to the end of the season.

16d ago
Yahoo Sports
Jets QB Aaron Rodgers says he'll decide 'whether or not I want to play' after the season ends

Rodgers told reporters Wednesday that, unless the Jets release him, he will contemplate his football future once the season is over.

24d ago
Yahoo Sports
Justin Herbert shines as Chargers get impressive win over Patriots to clinch playoff spot

The Chargers will be a wild-card team in the AFC bracket.

14d ago
Yahoo Sports
LSU WR Kyren Lacy wanted on charges of negligent homicide and hit-and-run

Lacy declared for the 2025 NFL Draft two days after the crash occurred.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Hideki Matsuyama avoids disaster after driver flies out of hands at Sony Open in Hawaii

Matsuyama nearly hit someone with his driver on a tee shot. He proceeded to birdie the hole.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: Which players will bring home championships in these playoffs?

The Yahoo team delivers their predictions on which players will help carry you to a fantasy football championship this season.

a month ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/new-york-yankees-officially-eliminated-from-2023-mlb-postseason-214240050.html 
 ----- 
