Skip to content
44°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
About Us
About Us
Our Journalism
Community Advisory Board
Contact the Newsroom
eNewspaper
The San Diego Union-Tribune
Carmel Valley News
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Poway News Chieftain
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Bernardo News
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Solana Beach Sun
Columnists
Nick Canepa
Lisa Deaderick
Tom Krasovic
Bryce Miller
Michael Smolens
News
Local News
Border & Baja California
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
Education
Environment
Health
Immigration
Local Politics
Military
National News
National Politics
Politics
Science
Transportation
Watchdog
World News
Local News
San Diego County
San Diego
North County
East County
South County
Business
Business
Biotech
Growth & Development
Economy
Energy
Real Estate
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Technology
Tourism
Best Reviews
Opinion
Opinion
Community Voices
Commentary
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Sports
Sports
SDSU Aztecs
San Diego Padres
San Diego FC
San Diego Wave FC
High School Sports
Chargers/Rams
Toreros
San Diego Gulls
Golf
Fantasy Sports
Things to do
Things to do
Amusement Parks
Arts
Books
Casinos
Puzzles
Recipes
Home and Garden
Movies
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
TV and Streaming
UT Store
Weather
U-T En Español
U-T Community Press
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Pomerado News
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Pacific San Diego
Together San Diego
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Comics and Games
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Advertise with Us
Close Menu

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
SPORTS
Yankees miss playoffs for first time since 2016 with windy 7-1 loss to Diamondbacks
The New York Yankees missed the playoffs for the first time since 2016, getting mathematically eliminated with a 7-1 loss to the Arizona Diamondbacks as Zac Gallen pitched six innings and got his 17th win
John Munson / Associated Press New York Yankees designated hitter Aaron Judge walks back to the dugout after being called out on strikes to end the fifth inning during a baseball game against the Arizona Diamondbacks, Sunday, Sept. 24, 2023, in New York. (AP Photo/John Munson)
By LARRY FLEISHER
UPDATED: September 25, 2023 at 2:06 AM PDT

NEW YORKNEW YORK — The last time the New York Yankees missed the postseason, Aaron Judge was a .179 hitter with 27 games of experience in 2016.

Now he’s ending his first year as Yankees captain on a team that could not get into an expanded playoff field.

A year after the Yankees won 99 games and Judge hit 62 homers to break Roger Maris’ single-season AL record, New York was mathematically eliminated with a rainy 7-1 loss Sunday to the Arizona Diamondbacks as Zac Gallen got his 17th win.

“It’s tough,” Judge said after his bases-loaded walk in the ninth inning accounted for the Yankees’ lone run. “Every year I’ve been in New York, we’re in the postseason. So it’s going to be a little different this offseason, but just going to give us more time to work and get ready for the next one.”

Beset by injuries, New York (78-77) was eliminated from contention with a week to play. The Yankees, who finish with a six-game trip after Monday’s series finale, are in danger of finishing with a losing record for the first time since 1992.

“We’ve got to hit the ground running, especially when this season ends,” Judge said. “We’ve got a lot to work on, a lot of things to change and a lot of stuff going on around here that needs to be fixed.”

New York has had 37 injured list stints, including Judge, who missed nearly eight weeks after spraining his right big toe on June 3 at Dodger Stadium. The Yankees were 19-23 during Judge’s absence and are 24-29 since he returned.

“That’s what you work hard towards all year round, the wintertime, spring training on through the season, for an opportunity to play in October and compete for a championship,” Yankees manager Aaron Boone said. “So the reality of that not being in play sucks.”

New York would have 85 wins if the Yankees finish 7-0. Baltimore (97 wins) and Tampa Bay (95) will split the AL East and the top wild card, and Toronto (87) is in position for the second wild card. Texas (86) could win the West or get a wild card in a race that includes Seattle (84) or Houston (85). Because the Astros and Mariners play three times in the final week, one must finish with more wins than the Yankees.

“There’s a lot that went wrong,” Judge said. “We can hit it from a lot of different aspects but when it comes down to it, we just didn’t come out here and do our job.”

In their streak of 30 straight winning seasons, the Yankees have never won fewer than 84 games. That was in 2016 when Judge homered in his first at-bat a day after Alex Rodríguez’s final game and several veterans were traded at the deadline.

Arizona (82-73) won for the sixth time in seven games and remained in position for the second NL wild card, a half-game ahead of the Chicago Cubs. The Diamondbacks also clinched their first winning season since 2019.

“I couldn’t be more proud of our guys,” manager Torey Lovullo said. “It was raining sideways for nine innings.”

On a windy, rainy afternoon when fly balls became unpredictable, Gallen (17-8) allowed three hits in six innings, struck out eight and walked two. He won for the third time in four starts and posted his eighth scoreless outing this season.

“We won this game because of him,” Lovullo said.

Tommy Pham and Christian Walker produced sacrifice flies on consecutive pitches in the first inning off Carlos Rodón (3-7) and that was enough for Gallen, who is second in the majors in wins — two behind Atlanta’s Spencer Strider.

Evan Longoria added a two-run single and Geraldo Perdomo had a sacrifice fly in Arizona’s three-run seventh following an error by New York left fielder Isiah Kiner-Falefa and a wild pitch by Randy Vásquez. Walker added an RBI groundout in the eighth and Gabriel Moreno hit an RBI double in the ninth.

The game started about 50 minutes late and the rain never stopped. It grew heavier during the middle innings but lessened in the final innings.

“It happens sometimes when you come on the East Coast, you battle some weather,” said Gallen, a New Jersey native. “Just tried to go out there and make pitches, just keep us in the game.”

Rodón allowed five runs — three earned — and five hits in 6 1/3 innings.

CALL A WEATHER FRIEND

Lovullo said he was going to call Weather Channel meteorologist Jim Cantore to get an update on the forecast but never got the chance because of his pregame preparation.

“I never reached out to him. I forgot,” Lovullo said.

Lovullo met Cantore in Atlanta when Arizona television play-by-play announcer Steve Berthiaume made the introduction.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Diamondbacks: 2B Ketel Marte (illness) was scratched from the original lineup.

Yankees: RHP Frankie Montas (right elbow) threw 25 pitches over two innings Saturday in his second rehab start for Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes Barre and could be activated for the final week. A free agent after this season, Montas was 1-3 with a 6.35 ERA in eight games after being acquired from Oakland at last year’s trade deadline and has not pitched since making one relief appearance in the 2022 AL Championship Series. … C Jose Trevino (torn right wrist) said he plans to start hitting in a few weeks and should be ready for spring training. … OF Everson Pereira (hamstring) missed his ninth straight game.

UP NEXT

Arizona RHP Merrill Kelly (12-7, 3.37 ERA) opposes New York RHP Clarke Schmidt (9-9, 4.65) on Monday afternoon in the makeup of Saturday’s postponed game.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

Originally Published: September 24, 2023 at 5:34 PM PDT
Around the Web
Prepper's Solar Invention Revealed (12x More Efficient Than Solar Panels?)
Solar Switch
Neuropathy & Nerve Damage? Do This Immediately (Watch)
Healthier Living
Cost of Hair Transplant in the Us May Surprise You
Hair Transplant | Search Ads
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
Solar Generator
Taipei - Stair Lifts Could Be a Dream Come True for Seniors (See Options)
Stair Lift
Prices of Used Cars in Taipei Could Surprise You
Used Cars | Search Ads
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
Dubai Villas
Do You Know How Much Do Builders Get Paid in The USA? See Salaries Here!
Builder Job
Surgeon Reveals: Simple Method Ends Joint Pain & Arthritis (Watch)
Healthier Living
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
San Diego escapes a major wildfire as Santa Ana winds die down. More could hit this weekend.
Macy's and Kohl's store closures in San Diego County
Why is Los Angeles on fire but San Diego isn’t? It has to do with wind direction
Driver who was fatally shot after ramming El Cajon police officer was ‘soaked in gasoline’
Michael Smolens: Gloria plans an unmistakable message for San Diegans
Aztecs battle Lobos — and altitude — in trip to New Mexico
2025 NFL Mock Draft: Cam Ward to the Titans in our initial first-round projections
3 San Diego organizations raising funds or collecting donations for L.A. wildfire victims
California bans insurance cancellation in L.A. fire-affected areas
Trump tax cuts, if made permanent, stand to benefit highest income earners, Treasury analysis shows
With more Santa Anas on way, San Diego fire agencies take aggressive stance
Preview: Aztecs face packed house, lively Lobos Saturday morning in Albuquerque
MORE IN SPORTS
Aztecs battle Lobos — and altitude — in trip to New Mexico
Preview: Aztecs face packed house, lively Lobos Saturday morning in Albuquerque
Bryce Miller: Breitbard Hall of Famer Adrian Gonzalez made MLB mark in San Diego
Padres could be headed to first arbitration hearing since 2014
2023
September
24
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
E-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classifieds
Obituaries
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work with us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
PARTNERS
Sponsor a Student
CONTACT US
Corrections
Contact Newsroom
Photo reprints
SDUT Store
Reader rewards
Sponsored Access
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/sports/national/story/2023-09-24/yankees-miss-playoffs-for-first-time-since-2016-with-windy-7-1-loss-to-diamondbacks/ 
 ----- 
