Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Washington, Halos 'optimistic' about future despite difficulties in '24
Share
Washington, Halos 'optimistic' about future despite difficulties in '24
September 26th, 2024

Rhett Bollinger

@RhettBollinger
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

CHICAGO -- The Angels headed to Guaranteed Rate Field with the chance to make some history against the White Sox, who entered the three-game series just one loss away from a record-breaking 121 on the season.

Instead, it was the Angels on the wrong side of history, as they were swept, including a 7-0 loss on Thursday afternoon that handed them a franchise-worst 96th loss of the season. The previous high in losses was 95 set in both 1968 and '80. They’ll have to win two out of three games against the Rangers this weekend to avoid finishing with a winning percentage under .400 for the first time since the franchise was founded in 1961.

Manager Ron Washington, though, said he’s still seen plenty of positive developments from his young players this season, helping him remain optimistic about the future despite the Halos’ on-field struggles in 2024.

“I look at the positives,” Washington said. “Of course, we know we lost that many games. No one likes that. I certainly don't like it. But it's our record. But I imagine when we look back at it, I don’t want to say it took [losing this many games], but we were running youth out there and they were learning.”

Angels catcher Logan O'Hoppe, however, said it was tough to go through it as a player being on the wrong side of so many games this season.

“It’s pretty sickening,” O’Hoppe said. “Going into the spring and expecting things to turn around, and then this happens. We’ve got a good group in here, and it doesn't feel like what the record shows, but the record is what it is. I don't think anyone's OK with it in here.”

Related
Ward, 4 others agree to 2025 contracts with Angels

January 9th, 2025

Who could step up in the relief corps for the Halos?

January 6th, 2025

A prediction and free-agent suggestion for the 2025 Halos

January 2nd, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

Here are the best players of the 2000s ... so far

January 6th, 2025

But O’Hoppe, who has emerged as a clubhouse leader in his first full season in the Majors, believes things will get better because of what the Angels went through.

“What else can we do but be optimistic?” O’Hoppe said. “It’s just frustrating. The fans come out on the weekends, and they want to see us win. We want to win more than anybody. And sleepless nights all year get pretty old after a while, and it's just frustrating. I know we have to go through it, but it doesn’t mean any of us are OK with it.”

The Angels lost the first game in heartbreaking fashion on a dropped popup by second baseman Jack López with two outs in the eighth before coming up short in the second game in extra innings. But they were undone by a seven-run fifth in the series finale, as the White Sox set their season high for runs scored in an inning.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Again, it was aided by a critical miscue from López, who moved to shortstop from second base after Zach Neto injured his right shoulder on a headfirst slide into second on a stolen-base attempt in the fourth. Dominic Fletcher led off the fifth with a single, but Jacob Amaya hit into a potential double play that López couldn’t handle for a costly error.

The wheels fell off from there for lefty Tyler Anderson, who was making his final start of the season. After getting a groundout, Anderson gave up a two-run single to Andrew Vaughn and a two-run double to Lenyn Sosa before veteran reliever Carson Fulmer replaced him. Fulmer, though, came in and allowed three more runs.

Anderson was charged with five runs (four earned) on four hits and three walks over 4 1/3 innings. But it was still a solid year for Anderson, who had a 3.81 ERA in a career-high 179 1/3 innings, as he made all 31 of his scheduled starts. He also believes things will get better for the Angels going forward.

“I think for us, obviously, the big thing is health,” Anderson said. “If our guys are healthy and on the field, we have a lot better chance.”

Washington agreed that a lot of the Angels’ struggles were due to injuries to key veterans such as Mike Trout, Anthony Rendon, Luis Rengifo, Brandon Drury and Patrick Sandoval throughout the season. But it allowed young players to get through their first full season in the Majors and gain key experience, which Washington believes will make the Halos contenders next year.

“We have to add some pieces that can help us,” Washington said. “We’ve just got to make sure that we can stay healthy. And the guys that we are looking for to be bus drivers, if they’re able to be bus drivers and be able to stay healthy, there’s no doubt about it [we’ll compete].”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Los Angeles Angels

Senior Reporter Rhett Bollinger covers the Angels for MLB.com. He previously covered the Twins from 2011-18.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/angels-set-franchise-record-with-96th-loss-in-sweep-vs-white-sox 
 ----- 
