Friday, January 10, 2025
|
Sign In
SUBSCRIBE
Menu
All Topics
Daily Editions
|
Newsletters
|
Weekly Issue 12.23.2024
Morning Buzz
9.25.2024
Print

Start your morning with Abe Madkour and Buzzcast: Game Changers honored in New York City; Verizon bets big on World Cup and Gary Bettman pumps brakes on expansion

Sources: FedEx to further reduce presence with JGR
BY ADAM STERN
GETTY IMAGES
FedEx is expected to continue reducing its sponsorship presence with Joe Gibbs Racing after this season and could conclude the longtime deal altogether, according to sources, a move that would end one of the more winning driver-sponsor combinations in NASCAR history.

The Memphis-based global delivery and logistics giant has been a major sponsor of the team since 2005, and at its height was spending close to $25M a year just in rights fees to JGR. The company or its divisions and sub brands over the years sponsored every race on Denny Hamlin’s No. 11 Toyota during NASCAR’s 38-event schedule up until 2021, when it began cutting back and JGR started finding other companies to fill the open positions. This season, it’s only appeared as primary sponsor 10 times so far including this upcoming weekend’s race at Kansas Speedway.

JGR has been in the market looking for new sponsors for the No. 11 for next year, sources say, and that’s being done in anticipation of FedEx dropping more -- and possibly all -- of its remaining primary positions. It could not be confirmed whether JGR was still holding last-ditch talks with FedEx and the sides have yet to comment on the matter. FedEx did not respond to a request for comment, while JGR declined comment.

Even though it's found other sponsors, it’s unclear whether JGR has been able to recoup the same level of revenue per race as FedEx spent.
Fox rejects Netflix request for Brady on Christmas
GETTY IMAGES
Fox has "rejected" a request from Netflix for the broadcast team of Tom Brady and Kevin Burkhardt to work one of the streamer's upcoming Christmas Day NFL games, according to sources. Netflix is now "targeting Ian Eagle, Noah Eagle, Greg Olsen and Nate Burleson as the announcers for the extravaganza." Ian Eagle and Burleson are both NFL talents for CBS Sports, which is producing the games for Netflix as a third party. It is "unclear whether NBC and Fox would permit" the younger Eagle and Olsen, respectively, to do a game for Netflix, though one source said Fox is "'contemplating' the arrangement for Olsen" (N.Y. POST, 9/24).
Golden Knights to launch official team app today

The Golden Knights will "launch their new team app" prior to their first home preseason game against the Kings tonight. Fans can "access tickets in the app, get ride-sharing and parking instructions and watch KnightTime+, the Knights’ streaming service for games and content." The team partnered with Las Vegas-based company Everi Holdings to develop the app. The preseason will “serve as the test run” before the Knights go for a "full launch prior to their regular season opener" on Oct. 9 against the Avalanche. Golden Knights VP/Strategy & Innovation Kris Knief said that the app will “be released in phases," and phase one will have "team and league stats, minigames, KnightTime+, arena maps, parking and directions." The next phase will "launch in early 2025" and will include the "ability to purchase food and beverages from T-Mobile Arena, as well as cashless options for purchases at team stores” (LAS VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL, 9/24). 

Festive crowd sees White Sox avoid historic loss
GETTY IMAGES
The White Sox drew a paid crowd of 17,606 for last night's game at Guaranteed Rate Field and took home a 3-2 win over the Angels -- staving off a history-making 121st loss. The crowd, which was "decent by Sox standards for a rainy school night in September," was "supportive early on," but when a pop-up fell among three Sox players in the fifth inning, it started "a steady stream of 'Sell the team' chants and boos from the home crowd that continued intermittently and could be heard even after the Sox were in the handshake line celebrating their victory." Publicly, the players said they "understood the fans' frustration," but at least one "privately called the booing bad form after the team snapped a five-game losing streak" (CHICAGO SUN-TIMES, 9/24).

It was a "festive night" at the ballpark, as many "came to see the Sox break the modern-day MLB record with their 121st loss." But many were also "on their feet and cheering in the top of the ninth when the Sox were one out away from winning." The majority of fans came out on a rainy night to watch two last-place teams play "because of the possibility of No. 121." The game was delayed over an hour by the rain, but it "didn’t dampen the fans’ spirits." The bleacher concourse was "hopping," and when someone pulled out a "Sell the team" banner near the White Sox dugout in the seventh, security "swooped down and quickly ordered him to take it down" (CHICAGO TRIBUNE, 9/24).
A's draw big crowd to start final series in Oakland
GETTY IMAGES
An announced crowd of 30,402 came out to see the A's prevail 5-4 on a walk-off in the opener of the final series at the Coliseum last night. A's SS Jacob Wilson, who hit the winning single, said, "It’s a pretty emotional week as it is in general, just because of everything that’s going on in the next couple of days. We’re going to try to make it as special as we can for the fans and obviously, the city." Amid the A’s on-field celebration were "Sell the team" chants from the fans. Those chants also "reverberated throughout the Coliseum" in the top of the eighth (S.F. CHRONICLE, 9/24).
BC Partners eyes EuroLeague hoops investment

GETTY IMAGES
Private equity firm BC Partners has "entered exclusive talks" to buy a minority stake in the EuroLeague basketball competition, "edging out rivals including General Atlantic and Saudi Arabia’s SURJ Sports Investment." The firm "could agree a deal with the EuroLeague within a month," according to sources, and the owners are "looking to sell roughly a third of the business at a" $1.12B valuation, BC Partners has been expanding its sports portfolio, including a recent deal by its credit division to buy a stake in sports agency GSE Worldwide (FINANCIAL TIMES, 9/25).

Early reviews in for Netflix's 'Mr. McMahon' doc
Netflix's "Mr. McMahon" docuseries, which released Wednesday, is a six-part series based on interviews begun in 2021 but that were interrupted in 2022.
GETTY IMAGES
Netflix released its new docuseries "Mr. McMahon" today, and the portrait of former WWE CEO Vince McMahon "is also an examination of modern professional wrestling’s history and the sport’s usefulness as a metaphor for all things American." The interviews on which the six-part series is based were begun in 2021, but were "interrupted" in 2022 by reporting about investigations into McMahon’s hush-money payments allegedly intended to conceal sexual misconduct. The interruption was "both good and bad for the documentary," as director Chris Smith "doesn’t get to ask about the latest developments," but the McMahon he "does capture is relatively unscathed, despite the WWE’s history of scandals." Having created the series between crises, Smith "probably gives us as honest a portrait of his subject as one is likely to get" (WALL STREET JOURNAL, 9/24).

The series is the first biography of McMahon "to be made with the cooperation of WWE," although McMahon and WWE didn't "have editorial control." The doc "fails to paint a full portrait of the man, or to fully contend with the negative impact he’s had on so many," and it "clearly struggles" with how the news of the investigations impacted its production (PASTE MAGAZINE, 9/24). 

Attempting to lay bare the complete story of McMahon was "no doubt an arduous task -- one immensely difficult to achieve in six hours." The filmmakers behind "Mr. McMahon" did "not seek to build an exposé by conducting their own, fresh investigations." Rather, the goal was to "craft a comprehensive portrait of the most important figure" in the history of the wrestling business, and "to that end, it succeeds." Those looking for a takedown of McMahon "will be disappointed" (CBSSPORTS.com, 9/24).

There "isn’t much appeal for wrestling fans" in the series, but "by far the most interesting part" is in episode five, which focuses on the rest of the McMahon family. While they’re "not completely open," Vince’s wife Linda and children Shane and Stephanie were "a lot more willing to tell their stories and give us that peek behind the curtain." The entire series has "undeniably presented a negative spin" on McMahon's life. It "digs up every skeleton he has and puts it on display" (MEN'S JOURNAL, 9/24).

"Mr. McMahon" "isn’t perfect, nor could it have been considering the circumstances of the project’s production." But the six-part docuseries is "anything but a puff piece and provides one of the most critical looks at McMahon’s legacy that a mainstream outlet -- let alone one with a business relationship with WWE -- has ever provided." Not every topic is "given the full attention it deserves," but this "isn’t a docuseries where McMahon gets the last word." Some of the series "feels disjointed," and that is "likely a product of the multiple wrenches that were thrown into the project’s production" (AWFUL ANNOUNCING, 9/25).


Speed Reads...

Jordan Schultz has signed with Fox Sports as an NFL Insider, where he’ll regularly appear on FS1 programs "The Herd with Colin Cowherd" and "Speak," with additional programming to come (SBJ).

Utah State's admittance into the Pac-12 was made official last night, and the school will start competing in the conference "in the 2026 academic year" (Logan HERALD JOURNAL, 9/24).

Tigers TV play-by-play voice Jason Benetti is "staying in Detroit this weekend to broadcast the final games of the 2024 regular season" for Bally Sports Detroit. Benetti was scheduled to be on the call for Colorado's Big 12 game at UCF on Fox at 3:30pm ET Saturday, but he "has been replaced on that assignment" by NFL broadcaster Kevin Kugler (DETROIT NEWS, 9/24).

Pittsburgh's David L. Lawrence Convention Center "will host" 2025 PiratesFest, the all-day festival for Pirates fans, on Jan. 18 (TRIBLIVE, 9/24).

Morning Hot Reads: Moving Away

The AP goes with the header, "As an era ends, the city that was home to the Oakland A’s comes to grips with their departure." Just a few years after "embracing 'Rooted In Oakland' as their motto," the A’s this week are coming to the end of their 57 "see-sawing seasons in a city regularly overshadowed by the mystique of its storied neighbor," S.F. The A’s exodus from Oakland will give the team the "dubious distinction" of being the first MLB franchise to have moved on four different occasions (the team started in Philadelphia, then moved to K.C., Oakland, Sacramento and Las Vegas). No place has been the A’s home for as long as Oakland, where they’re the last professional sports team in a two-county region known as the East Bay, and through the years, the baseball team "became an emblem of East Bay’s grit and flair."

More on the A's:

This congresswoman tried to save the Oakland A’s. Here’s why she says she couldn’t.
It was the pro sports capital of America. Now it's been wiped off the map.

Also:

1 in 3 former NFL players believe they have CTE, according to a new Harvard study.
These Massachusetts brothers started a golf clothing company called Pure Golf Apparel.
Social Scoop....

The Orioles greeted playoff-bound Jackson Holliday (still 20 years old) with his own little clubhouse display after clinching. Adorable. pic.twitter.com/7lwCfuFtp4

— Tyler Kepner (@TylerKepner) September 25, 2024

Texas Rangers security addressed their players today to prepare them for all scenarios on Thursday for the Oakland A’s final game at the Coliseum with a sellout crowd.

— Bob Nightengale (@BNightengale) September 25, 2024

Back with the Krewe on Sunday 🌴@TomBrady will be on the call with @NFLonFOX for Eagles-Bucs. 🎙️ pic.twitter.com/Y7rkOZblzy

— Tampa Bay Buccaneers (@Buccaneers) September 24, 2024

Wow a QB on a top 25 team leaving seemingly because they made NIL promises that weren’t kept https://t.co/D55H4UO3gG

— Ryan Glasspiegel (@sportsrapport) September 25, 2024
Last night’s "Final Jeopardy!" category was "20th Century America"

"In a state of shock, on November 27, 1978, she announced that 'both Mayor Moscone & Supervisor Harvey Milk have been shot & killed.'"

Off the presses....

The Morning Buzz offers today's back pages and sports covers from some of North America's major metropolitan newspapers:

N.Y. Post N.Y. Daily News Newsday Boston Herald Chicago Sun-Times Philadelphia Daily News Baltimore Sun San Diego Union-Tribune Las Vegas Review-Journal L.A. Times San Francisco Chronicle Boston Globe
Final Jeopardy....

"Who is Dianne Feinstein?"

SPONSORED CONTENT
PREVIOUS
Tuesday, September 24, 2024
NEXT
Thursday, September 26, 2024
QUOTE OF THE DAY

Sponsorship naming will be something that comes to our campus. And our community is going to have to wrap their arms around it, because it's a source of revenue.

-- Michigan State AD Alan Haller, on sponsorship naming rights potentially coming to the the university's facilities.
DETROIT FREE PRESS, 1/8
PODCASTS
SBJ Morning Buzzcast: January 9, 2025
January 9, 2025

Previewing a big football weekend featuring the CFP &...
Read More

ESPN’s Kaitee Daley, S&P Global Ratings’ Naveen Sarma, CFP semis and NFL Wild Card Weekend
January 9, 2025

On the pod this week, co-hosts Austin Karp...
Read More

SBJ Presents: ONE Championship Co-Founder and Group President Hua Fung Teh Sponsored by ONE Championship
August 27, 2024

Explore ONE's explosive growth worldwide and the upcoming event...
Read More

SBJ TV
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
September 18, 2024

Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
September 18, 2024
WATCH
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
September 18, 2024
WATCH
You have 0 articles remaining
  |  
SUBSCRIBE
Become an industry insider
SUBSCRIBE NOW
DAILY ISSUES
January 9
January 8
January 7
January 6
January 3
January 2
December 30
December 23
December 20
December 19
WEEKLY ISSUE
December 23
December 16
December 9
December 2
November 25
November 18
November 11
November 4
October 28
October 21
Digital Edition
NEWSLETTERS
Betting
College
Facilities
Football
Gaming
Marketing
Media
Power Up
Tech
Unpacks
EDITIONS
Morning Buzz
Closing Bell
Weekend Rap
PODCASTS/TV
All Podcasts
Buzzcast
Unpacks
SBJ TV
SBJ Spotlight
SBJ I Factor
Sports Media
ALL TOPICS
Media
Tech
Executive Transactions
Marketing
International
Data
Franchises
Esports
Betting
Colleges
Facilities
Events and Attractions
Finance
Labor and Agents
Leagues
Olympics
Opinion
People and Pop Culture
Sports and Society
SPONSORED CONTENT
All Sponsored Content
EVENTS
Event Calendar
2025 Tech Week
2025 Sports Business Awards: Tech
2025 CAA World Congress of Sports
4se Sports + Entertainment
Sports Business Awards
Brand Innovation Summit
Thought Leaders
Thought Leaders: Tech
AXS DRIVE
Game Changers
Leaders Week London
Media Innovators
Dealmakers
New Voices Under 30
Forty Under 40
Intercollegiate Athletics Forum
PROPERTIES
On Campus
Newzoo
Leaders in Sport
COMPANY
About Us
Staff
FAQ
Contact Us
Advertise
Editorial Calendar
Celebrate
Subscribe
iOS Mobile App

© 2025 Leaders Group. All rights reserved.
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Leaders Group.

Privacy Policy
User Agreement
 
Cookie Settings
Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsbusinessjournal.com/Daily/Morning-Buzz/2024/09/25.aspx 
 ----- 
