BBC Homepage
Skip to content
Accessibility Help
Sign in
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
More menu
Search BBC
BBC Sport
Home
Football
Cricket
Formula 1
Rugby U
Tennis
Golf
Athletics
Cycling
More
Northern Ireland
Men's Scores & Fixtures
Women's Scores & Fixtures
Men's Table
Women's Table
Irish Football
UEFA Nations League Bulgaria 1 Northern Ireland 0 Full time
Match Summary
Sun 8 Sep 2024
‧
UEFA Nations League - 
League C - 
Group 3
Bulgaria 1 , Northern Ireland 0 at Full time
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
1
0
N. Ireland
Northern Ireland
Full time
FT
Half Time Bulgaria 1 , Northern Ireland 0
HT 1-0
Key Events
Bulgaria
K. Despodov (40')
Goal 40 minutes
Northern Ireland
Assists
Bulgaria,
A. Kolev (40')
Venue:
Stadion Hristo Botev
Attendance:
14,300
ADVERTISEMENT
Live Reporting
Report
(active)
Scores
Tables
Line-ups
Match Stats
Head-to-head
IMAGE SOURCE,
PRESS EYE
Image caption,

Northern Ireland improved in the second half but could not find an equaliser in Plovdiv

Andy Gray
BBC Sport NI Journalist

Northern Ireland's strong run of form came to an end with a frustrating 1-0 Nations League defeat by Bulgaria in Plovdiv.

Kiril Despodov was gifted the opening goal in the 40th minute when Aleksandar Kolev latched on to a loose pass by goalkeeper Bailey Peacock-Farrell and he squared the ball for the Bulgarian captain to touch home.

Northern Ireland travelled to Bulgaria off the back of a solid win over Luxembourg in their Nations League opener on Thursday, which was their fourth victory in six matches.

But Michael O'Neill's side struggled to get to grips with the game on a difficult pitch and stifling heat in Plovdiv as the the hosts also hit the post twice in the first half.

Northern Ireland improved after the restart but could not find an equaliser against a stern Bulgarian defence.

The result, along with Belarus' 1-0 win in Luxembourg, leaves Northern Ireland third in Group C3 after two matches.

Bulgaria 1-0 Northern Ireland: Peacock-Farrell blunder gifts hosts the lead

Watch: NI 'disappointed to come away with nothing' - O'Neill

Published
8 September

Backed by their vocal support, Bulgaria, who were unbeaten in seven matches heading into the game, should have taken the lead in the fourth minute after a chaotic goalmouth scramble.

Georgi Kostadinov forced Peacock-Farrell into a superb save from a corner and Kolev powered the rebound towards goal. Ciaron Brown had to scramble the forward's effort off the line but his clearance smashed off Aleks Petkov, who inadvertently hit the upright before Peacock-Farrell was able to smother the danger.

Despite half-chances for Isaac Price, Daniel Ballard and Conor Bradley, it was a sign of things to come.

Moments after firing wide from range, the impressive Despodov fired in a free-kick that rattled the post and bounced out of play.

PAOK midfielder Despodov was dictating play and his stunning through ball almost set up Kolev, but the forward's lobbed finish lacked the power to trouble Peacock-Farrell.

Northern Ireland were almost gifted the opener when Aleks Petkov misjudged Ballard's long ball, which allowed Isaac Price through on goal but he rushed his effort, which flew well wide.

But, in contrast, Bulgaria made no mistake when handed a chance of their own as Peacock-Farrell's pass caught Ballard on his toes inside the area, which allowed Kolev to race in and square the ball for Despodov to tap home at the back post.

Ballard had a great chance to equalise in the final play of the half when he headed over Bradley's cross.

Northern Ireland started the second half on the front foot but struggled to create many clear-cut chances.

Dion Charles saw an attempt well blocked just shy of the hour mark and substitute Shayne Lavery fired straight at Dimitar Mitov before being adjudged to have been offside.

Lavery had another sight of goal with three minutes to play but he headed Jamal Lewis' cross over the bar.

Just like in the first half, Ballard had a header on goal deep into injury-time but it sailed wide as Northern Ireland's hopes of rescuing a point ended.

Northern Ireland are back in action away to Belarus on 12 October before Bulgaria travel to Belfast three days later.

Related topics
Northern Ireland Men's Football Team
Northern Ireland Sport
Football
Irish Football
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC
Get Personalised Newsletters
Why you can trust the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info

© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/live/c5y3z176vl8t 
 ----- 
