Skip to main content
Home
Breeze TV
News
Culture
Sports
Opinion
Photos
Subscribe
Classifieds
Site search
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
LOG IN
SUBSCRIBE
FEATURED
HC Byington leaving for same position at Vanderbilt, JMU confirms
sports desk March 25, 2024 
Comments
Facebook
Twitter
Email

After falling to Duke 93-55 Sunday night in the second round of the NCAA Tournament, head coach Mark Byington is leaving JMU for the same position at Vanderbilt, ESPN reported. 

Kaiden Bridges | The Breeze
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

This is a developing story. Stay tuned at breezejmu.org as JMU men’s basketball’s coaching search progresses. 

This story was updated on March 25 at 5:10 p.m.

JMU men’s basketball head coach Mark Byington is leaving JMU for the same position at Vanderbilt, ESPN first reported on Monday afternoon before being officially announced by JMU Athletics. His departure comes after a 32-4 season (15-3 Sun Belt), including a conference championship and a win over No. 5 seed Wisconsin in the first round of the NCAA Tournament — JMU’s first since 1983. 

Byington boasted an 82-36 record through four seasons, turning the program around upon arriving off a 9-21 season in 2019, when he succeeded former head coach Louis Rowe.

Under Byington, guard Terrence Edwards Jr. won the 2023-24 Sun Belt Player of the Year and 2022-23 Sixth Man of the Year, while forward T.J. Bickerstaff won 2023-24 Sun Belt Newcomer of the Year. Forward Julien Wooden, who played four of his five years at JMU under Byington, broke the program’s record for all time games played this year with 146.

Byington led the Dukes to their first AP national ranking in program history, when they were ranked No. 24 in the polls on Nov. 13. 

Contact the sports desk at breezesports@gmail.com. For more men’s basketball coverage, follow the sports desk on X @TheBreezeSports.

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
BREEZE TV
"It was an absolute honor," JMU Men's basketball reflects on historic season
Kayla Brown | Breeze TV
March 25, 2024
Comments
JMU men’s basketball eliminated by Duke in NCAA Tournament 93-55

JMU men's basketball season ended in a loss to Duke in the Round of 32 in the NCAA Tournament on Sunday. The Dukes finish their season 32-4 (15-3 Sun Belt).

Former players share stories from JMU’s last Round of 32 game in 1983

JMU men's basketball will play in the Round of 32 in the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 1983 on Sunday at 5:15 p.m. Former players from the '83 team remember the Dukes' last run to the second round well, and are proud to see JMU's return.

+2
Noah Freidel leans on his family’s support during March Madness run

Redshirt senior guard Noah Freidel has traveled to 11 JMU basketball games this season and made the trip to Brooklyn for the Dukes’ NCAA Tournament appearance. Freidel has had a tradition of hugging his grandmother Peggy Wollman after every game since he was an eighth grader and said having her and his family present for March Madness makes the experience even more special. 

JMU men’s golf finishes tied for ninth at Seahawk Intercollegiate

JMU mens golf finished ninth in the Seahawk Intercollegiate in Wilmington, NC, Monday. The Dukes travel next to Pawleys Island, South Carolina, for the Any Given Tuesday Intercollegiate on Monday through April 3.

JMU lacrosse bounces back from U.Va. loss with 19-8 win over Cincinnati

No. 6 JMU lacrosse (8-2) defeated AAC foe Cincinnati (8-4) 19-8 on Saturday and will move to 2-0 in the conference while the Bearcats will slip to 1-1. Next up for the Dukes is a matchup against No. 10 Johns Hopkins in Baltimore on Saturday at 5 p.m. 

Potential head coach options for JMU after Byington's departure

After four seasons as head coach of JMU men's basketball Mark Byington is leaving to go to Vanderbilt for the same position. 
With the Dukes recent success, including a win in the NCAA Tournament, they're in a better position to hire a coach than four years ago. 
 Candidates include Russel Turner (UC Irvine), Robert Jones (Norfolk State) and more. 

Analysis | A look back on JMU men’s basketball’s historic season

JMU men’s basketball ended its historic 32-4 season with a loss against Duke in the second round of the NCAA Tournament on Sunday. Before that game, the Dukes won an NCAA-best 14 consecutive games — the second time they hit that mark during the season — and several of its players had career-best seasons.

Morehead St. HC Preston Spradlin to replace Byington, JMU announces

JMU hired former Morehead State men’s basketball head coach Preston Spradlin for the same position. Spradlin has been the head coach at Morehead State for the past eight seasons. 

“Wild journey” leads Preston Spradlin to be JMU men's basketball coach

After graduating from Alice Lloyd College, new JMU men's basketball head coach Preston Spradlin became a graduate assistant at Kentucky under John Calipari. Spradlin's "wild journey" led him to Morehead State where he turned the program from an eight-win team to a two-time NCAA Tournament bid program. 

MORE INFORMATION
+19
Photos: JMU falls to Duke in second round of NCAA Tournament 93-55

No. 12 seed JMU men’s basketball fell to No. 4 seed Duke 93-55 on Sunday night in the second round of the NCAA Tournament. The Dukes finished …

Tags
Jmu Basketball 2023-24 Jmu Basketball Schedule 2023-24 Jmu Basketball Roster 2023-24 Jmu Men’s Basketball Schedule 2023-24 Jmu Men’s Basketball Roster 2023-24 Mark Byington Jmu Noah Freidel Jmu Jmu Men’s Basketball Next Game Who Does Jmu Men’s Basketball Play Next Where Can I Get Jmu Men’s Basketball Tickets Jmu Michigan State Jmu Michigan State 2024 Will Jmu Go To The Ncaa Tournament Can Jmu Men’s Basketball Win The Sun Belt Sun Belt Men’s Basketball Standings Who’s The Best Player On Jmu Men’s Basketball Jmu Men’s Basketball Stats 2023-24 Jmu Men’s Basketball Box Scores 2023-24 Jmu Men’s Basketball Record 2023-24 Justin Amadi Jmu Jmu Men’s Basketball Starting Lineup Does Jmu Men’s Basketball Play Tonight Where Can I Watch Jmu Men’s Basketball Jmu Men’s Basketball Espn+ Jmu Starting 5 Tonight Tj Bickerstaff Noah Freidel Raekwon Horton Terrence Edwards Jr Michael Green Iii Jaylen Carey Jarrell Pope Hollman Smith Xavier Brown Julien Wooden Mark Byington Vanderbilt Why Did Mark Byington Leave Jmu Will Jmu Men's Basketball Be Good Next Year Who's Jmu Men's Basketball's Head Coach Who Will Jmu Men's Basketball Hire At Head Coach Did Mark Byington Leave Jmu Sports
sports desk
Author email
 FOLLOW SPORTS DESK
The Quad: News Updates from The Breeze

The latest JMU news, delivered to your inbox on Mondays and Thursdays.

	
SIGN UP
MANAGE YOUR LISTS
Around the Web
Doctors Stunned: This Removes Wrinkles Like Crazy (Try Tonight)
Do Not Play Online Slots Until You Have Read This
Washington: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $150/month - Take a Look Inside!
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in District of Columbia (Check Zip Code)
Heidi Klum's Daughter Looks Like Her Iconic Dad
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
The Horde of Parasites Will Fly out Like a Bullet in the Morning. Try It
MOST POPULAR
JMU lands eight transfers on the weekend before Christmas
JMU football 2024 transfer portal tracker
Miidseason QB changes take USC, Texas A&M into Las Vegas Bowl
Navy aims for rare 10th win in Armed Forces Bowl vs. Oklahoma
Who Is Player 001 in ‘Squid Game’ Season 2?
LOCAL WEATHER

Currently in Harrisonburg

49° 
Partly Cloudy
61° / 49°
1 AM
50°
2 AM
48°
3 AM
47°
4 AM
46°
5 AM
45°
NEWSLETTERS
The Quad: News Updates from The Breeze

The latest JMU news, delivered to your inbox on Mondays and Thursdays.

	
SIGNUP
MANAGE LISTS
SECTIONS
Home
News
Opinion
Culture
Sports
Photos
Breeze TV
Local Events
SERVICES
Advertise
About Us
Contact Us
How to Get Involved
Delivery
Place A Classifieds Ad
Promote Your Event
Contributor Policies/Registration
CONTACT INFORMATION
breezejmu.org
1598 S. Main St., MSC 6805
Harrisonburg, VA 22807
Phone: 540-568-6127
Email: breezeeditor@gmail.com

Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
© Copyright 2024 The Breeze 1598 S. Main St., MSC 6805, Harrisonburg, VA  | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.breezejmu.org/sports/hc-byington-leaving-for-same-position-at-vanderbilt-jmu-confirms/article_f2b06a60-eaca-11ee-848b-af6252a4d831.html 
 ----- 
