Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
Rumors
Schedule
Standings
Team
More
Follow Us
Braves News: Dereck Rodriguez selected, Shuster optioned; Lee placed on 60-day IL

The Atlanta Braves made a couple of roster moves before Sunday's game against the Marlins in Miami.

By
Steven Teal
|
Sep 17, 2023
Philadelphia Phillies v Atlanta Braves | Todd Kirkland/GettyImages

The Atlanta Braves have selected the contract of RHP Dereck Rodriguez and he will replace Jared Shuster on the roster.

Shuster pitched for the Braves Saturday in their 11-5 loss to the Marlins. It's been an up-and-down season for Shuster, literally. He's not been able to find any sustained success at the MLB or Triple-A levels.

The #Braves today selected the contract of RHP Dereck Rodríguez to Atlanta after optioning LHP Jared Shuster to Triple-A Gwinnett following yesterday’s game. To make room on the 40-man roster, Atlanta transferred LHP Dylan Lee to the 60-day injured list.

— Atlanta Braves (@Braves) September 17, 2023

In order to make room for Rodriguez on the 40-man roster, reliever Dylan Lee was transferred to the 60-day IL due to soreness in his left shoulder.

It was pretty much expected that the Braves would transfer Lee at some point because he was never expected to return this season. Lee was expected to be a big part of this bullpen so it's unfortunate injury derailed those chances.

Rodriguez has appeared on the active roster for the Braves this season in three games allowing just one run over 3.1 innings. He has been with Triple-A Gwinnett most of the season and features a 6.45 ERA and 4.71 FIP in 23 appearances.

Dereck was outrighted by the Braves back in July so that's why he was no longer on the 40-man roster. He featured a 9.80 ERA for the month of August after that point so it has not been a great year for him.

The month of September has been better so far for him as his ERA sits at 2.00 through 9 total innings. Opponents are batting just .214 against him in that time frame as well. Rodriguez has made it known from his call-up earlier this season that he's happy to take the ball whenever the Braves need him.

"Whenever they give me the ball, I'm good."

RHP Dereck Rodriguez comments on the moment he realized he was being called up & his relationship with other players in the clubhouse. pic.twitter.com/VEFpKde8Z3

— Bally Sports: Braves (@BravesOnBally) May 27, 2023

He likely will be seen as an innings eater for Atlanta if things go poorly for the Braves starters. If his number is called, hopefully, he will be able to replicate his recent success in the month of September.

Home/Braves News
Schedule
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
Mobile Apps
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://housethathankbuilt.com/posts/braves-news-dereck-rodriguez-selected-shuster-optioned-lee-placed-on-60-day-il-01hahn5t8hwe 
 ----- 
