Skip to content
Subscribe Now
20°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Active Seniors
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
Miguel Cabrera’s career coming to close with Tigers, leaving lasting legacy in MLB and Venezuela
FILE – Detroit Tigers’ Miguel Cabrera leaves the dugout to acknowledge the crowd as he is honored for his recent 500th career home run in the first inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays, Aug. 27, 2021, in Detroit. Cabrera, one of the greatest hitters of all time, is retiring after the Tigers wrap up their season Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023, and baseball’s last Triple Crown winner is leaving a lasting legacy in the game and his native Venezuela. (AP Photo/Jose Juarez, File)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
PUBLISHED: September 30, 2023 at 1:45 PM EDT

By Larry Lage

DETROIT — Miguel Cabrera sat in a gray chair beside his two stalls in the Detroit Tigers’ clubhouse early in the final week of his career, sorting through stuff to get shipped.

Major League Baseball’s only Triple Crown winner since 1967 stuffed dozens of barely used cleats and a bunch of batting gloves in a cardboard box at his feet. Cabrera then put a slew of balls he had signed, each in a zip lock bag, in a tote.

RELATED ARTICLES
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
Tigers projected to have mediocre 2025 season

The bottle of wine, in bubble wrap, that the Oakland Athletics gave him last week along with his personal belongings are being sent to his home in Miami.

Where’s he going to put it all?

“I don’t know,” the 40-year-old Cabrera said with a shrug and a grin.

For Cabrera — and baseball fans — there’s a lot to unpack from the career of one of the best hitters ever.

Cabrera’s career will end Sunday afternoon against Cleveland at Comerica Park, where a sold-out crowd will include a few thousands fans paying for standing-room only tickets to cheer him on one more time.

The 12-time All-Star leaves the game with an impressive legacy. The popular player has also provided a desperately needed jolt of joy in his native Venezuela during a crisis that has pushed millions into poverty and compelled 7.3 million people to migrate.

Cabrera, who made his major league debut at 20 with the Florida Marlins, has put himself in the conversation with all-time greats at the plate.

1 of 17

FILE - Sixteen-year-old Miguel Cabrera, of Maracay, Venezuela, looks on during a press conference where it was announced that he had been signed by the Florida Marlins to a Gulf Coast League contract with the Melbourne Marlins, prior to a game between the Marlins and the Philadelphia Phillies, Aug. 4, 1999, at Pro Player Stadium in Miami. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File)

“Hitting a baseball is one of the hardest things to do in sports, and he and Albert Pujols are the two best that I’ve seen do it my 60 years in baseball,” Jim Leyland, who managed Cabrera in Detroit, said in a telephone interview this week. “It’s on paper, and in the books.”

When Cabrera led the majors with a .330 batting average, 44 homers and 139 RBIs in 2012, he was the first to win a Triple Crown since Carl Yastrzemski did it in 1967 with the Boston Red Sox.

Last year, he joined Hank Aaron and Albert Pujols as the three players in baseball history with 3,000 hits, 500 homers and 600 doubles.

“One of the things that made Miggy really special is the way he could drive the ball to all fields,” said Philadelphia Phillies team president Dave Dombrowski, who ran the Marlins when they signed Cabrera as a teenager and later acquired him in a blockbuster trade. “He could hit to right field as if he was a left-handed pull hitter.

“Miggy also had so much grit, playing at times when he was hurt badly, and always had a smile on his face because he loves the game so much.”

Cabrera is from the Venezuelan city of Maracay, which is known for producing bullfighters and ballplayers, including Houston Astros star Jose Altuve. He grew up following fellow countrymen Davey Concepcion, Omar Vizquel and Andres Galarraga.

“I wanted to follow them to make it to the big leagues,” Cabrera said in an interview with The Associated Press. “I say to people from Venezuela, ‘I think our baseball is safe with Ronald Acuña.’”

The 25-year-old Acuña, an Atlanta Braves outfielder, became the first player in major league history on Wednesday night to have 40 homers and 70 stolen bases in the same season.

FILE – Detroit Tigers’ Miguel Cabrera plays during a baseball game, Sunday, July 24, 2022, in Detroit. The United States’ Mike Trout and Mookie Betts, Japan’s Shohei Ohtani and Venezuela’s Miguel Cabrera and Jose Altuve are among eight Most Valuable Players on rosters for next month’s World Baseball Classic. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio, File)

“There’s a lot of Venezuelan baseball players who are doing great things over here and playing well,” Acuña said through a translator. “I think we’re all doing a good job of just continuing that, but as far as Venezuelan players are concerned, Miguel Cabrera is like a Venezuelan baseball god.”

The Marlins gave Cabrera $1.8 million to sign when he was 16, and after three seasons in the minors, they called him up. He provided a glimpse of what was to come in his major league debut, hitting a walk-off, 11th-inning homer.

Cabrera cleared the fences three times as a rookie in the NL Championship Series and hit an opposite-field homer off Roger Clemens to help Florida win the 2003 World Series.

He was an All-Star in each of his four full seasons in Florida. The financially strapped franchise traded him to the Tigers in December of 2007, and he flourished even more.

He won consecutive AL MVP awards in 2012 and 2013. Cabrera won five of his seven Silver Slugger awards and all four batting titles in Detroit, including becoming the first right-handed batter in either league to win three straight batting titles since Rogers Hornsby did in the early 1920s.

While the Tigers did have success in Cabrera’s prime, winning four straight division titles and reaching the 2012 World Series, they never won it all despite having him and some dominant pitching staffs. The 2014 team alone had what turned out to be five Cy Young Award winners in Justin Verlander, Max Scherzer, David Price, Rick Porcello and Robbie Ray.

Cabrera cashed in on his talent, signing a $152.3 million, eight-year contract in 2008 and a record-setting $292 million, 10-year contract in 2014.

In between the two deals, Cabrera acknowledged he had a drinking problem and spent three months in an outpatient treatment program following a much-publicized binge during the final weekend of the 2010 season.

Cabrera’s wife and children are expected to attend the games for what the team is calling “Miggy Celebration Weekend,” at Comerica Park.

Even though his production at the plate declined and he didn’t play first base much in recent years as the team struggled during rebuilds, it didn’t diminish how popular he is among major leaguers, in the Motor City and back home in Venezuela.

He established the Miguel Cabrera Foundation in 2007, and it funded the renovation of a Little League baseball stadium in Venezuela. He had clinics and competitions for kids in his native country until stopping in 2016 due to the political turmoil.

When a cancer-stricken Vietnam veteran, given three months to live by doctors, told the Tigers’ community relations department he wanted to meet his favorite player, Cabrera came through.

Wayne Ochadleus had his white Tigers jersey signed on the back — just above the 24 — by Cabrera before Tuesday night’s game against Kansas City and posed for pictures with him.

Detroit Tigers designated hitter Miguel Cabrera. acknowledges the crowd after being honored in a ceremony before a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park, Saturday, Aug. 12, 2023, in Boston. (AP Photo/Mary Schwalm)

“This is the best thing to happen in my life,” the 72-year-old Ochadelus said.

The Detroit Tigers Foundation has benefitted from Cabrera’s charisma and commitment to give back, including having him host a Keeping Kids in the Game event that has raised more than $3 million to assist children’s health and sports initiatives.

“I want people to remember me here in Detroit as not only coming here to play baseball,” he told the AP. “I want to be part of the community. It’s what I want to do after I retire.”

___

AP Sports Writer Charles Odum in Atlanta contributed to this report.

___

Follow Larry Lage at https://twitter.com/larrylage

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

Around the Web
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
Look for Any High School Yearbook, It's Free!
Classmates
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
rankupwards.com
Council Bluffs: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Apartments: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Might Shock You!
Tardive
Dog Growls at Wall Until Dad Smells Something Strange and Rips It Down
novelodge
The Best NFL QBs Ever Ranked in Order
YourBump
If Your Dog Follows You, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria: Symptoms & Signs That Cannot Be Ignored
Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Pregnant Waitress Brought to Tears by Cop's Note
gloriousa
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Your New Favorite Pair of Jeans | Limited Time Only Shop 30% Off Sale Items
Lucky Brand
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Popular Foods You Should Never Eat After 50, Say Dietitians
HEALTH NATURAL
15 Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
Health Natural
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet The #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Council Bluffs Are Being Sold Almost for Nothin
Storage Units
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Bone on Bone Joints? Try This 15 Second Solution
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
This Weird Method Can Restore Your Vision Naturally (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Neuropathy? When the Nerve Pain Won't Stop, Do This
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Prostate
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
Early Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia and How to Treat It (See Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia
Banks Offering Council Bluffs Homes at Massive Discounts. Don't Miss Out!
Real Estate Sales
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Trey McKenney’s 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Trey McKenney's 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Macy’s to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
Macy’s to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2023
September
30
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place a Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Daily Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2023/09/30/miguel-cabreras-career-coming-to-close-with-tigers-leaving-lasting-legacy-in-mlb-and-venezuela/ 
 ----- 
