Live ScoresScheduleArchivesNewsSeriesTeams Videos Rankings More Cricbuzz Plus
MATCHESHBH vs SYS - LiveBRH vs MLS - TossWEL vs NK - NK WonNZ vs SL - PreviewRGR vs SYST - RGR Won
ALL
AllLive NowToday
INTERNATIONAL
Australia v India
Australia vs India
5th Test
South Africa vs Pakistan,2024-25
Pakistan vs South Africa
1st Test
SL tour of NZ 2024-25
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka
2nd T20I
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka
3rd T20I
Afghanistan tour of Zimbabwe, 2024-25
Zimbabwe vs Afghanistan
1st Test
Zimbabwe vs Afghanistan
2nd Test
T20 LEAGUE
BBL 2024-25
Sydney Thunder vs Melbourne Renegades
16th Match
Adelaide Strikers vs Perth Scorchers
17th Match
Hobart Hurricanes vs Sydney Sixers  LIVE
18th Match
Brisbane Heat vs Melbourne Stars
19th Match
Melbourne Renegades vs Adelaide Strikers
20th Match
Brisbane Heat vs Sydney Sixers
21st Match
BPL, 2024-25
Durbar Rajshahi vs Fortune Barishal
1st Match
Rangpur Riders vs Dhaka Capitals
2nd Match
Khulna Tigers vs Chittagong Kings
3rd Match
Rangpur Riders vs Sylhet Strikers
4th Match
Durbar Rajshahi vs Dhaka Capitals
5th Match
Fortune Barishal vs Rangpur Riders
6th Match
Durbar Rajshahi vs Chittagong Kings
7th Match
Super Smash 2024-25
Otago vs Central Districts
4th Match
Wellington vs Northern Knights
5th Match
Auckland vs Canterbury
6th Match
DOMESTIC
Vijay Hazare Trophy
Chandigarh vs Uttar Pradesh
Round 5, Group D
Tamil Nadu vs Vidarbha
Round 5, Group D
Jammu and Kashmir vs Mizoram
Round 5, Group D
Meghalaya vs Andhra
Round 5, Group B
Sikkim vs Maharashtra
Round 5, Group B
Uttarakhand vs Haryana
Round 5, Group A
Karnataka vs Hyderabad
Round 5, Group C
Odisha vs Jharkhand
Round 5, Group A
Punjab vs Saurashtra
Round 5, Group C
Goa vs Assam
Round 5, Group A
Puducherry vs Arunachal Pradesh
Round 5, Group C
Baroda vs Bihar
Round 5, Group E
Manipur vs Gujarat
Round 5, Group A
Mumbai vs Nagaland
Round 5, Group C
Delhi vs Tripura
Round 5, Group E
Services vs Rajasthan
Round 5, Group B
Bengal vs Kerala
Round 5, Group E
Himachal Pradesh vs Railways
Round 5, Group B
Saurashtra vs Karnataka
Round 6, Group C
Haryana vs Odisha
Round 6, Group A
Mumbai vs Puducherry
Round 6, Group C
Goa vs Gujarat
Round 6, Group A
Arunachal Pradesh vs Nagaland
Round 6, Group C
Kerala vs Tripura
Round 6, Group E
Assam vs Manipur
Round 6, Group A
Hyderabad vs Punjab
Round 6, Group C
Bengal vs Bihar
Round 6, Group E
Jharkhand vs Uttarakhand
Round 6, Group A
Railways vs Rajasthan
Round 6, Group A
Baroda vs Madhya Pradesh
Round 6, Group E
Uttar Pradesh vs Vidarbha
Round 6, Group D
Andhra vs Maharashtra
Round 6, Group B
Tamil Nadu vs Mizoram
Round 6, Group D
Meghalaya vs Sikkim
Round 6, Group A
Chhattisgarh vs Jammu and Kashmir
Round 6, Group D
Himachal Pradesh vs Services
Round 6, Group A
T20 WORLD CUP, 2022
Live Cricket Score - New Zealand vs Pakistan, 1st semi-final, T20 World Cup 2022
by  Cricbuzz Staff  •  Last updated on Wed, Nov 9, 2022, 11:45 AM
Live Score Updates
Pakistan 153-3 (19.1 Ovs)
Iftikhar Ahmed  0 (0)
New Zealand 152-4
Tim Southee  3.1-0-24-0
Pakistan won by 7 wkts
Live Scores Full Scorecard
Share
	
Tweet
Babar and Rizwan became the first pair to register three century stands in T20 World Cup history. © AFP

That's all from us for the 1st semifinal. Do join us for the second, England vs India, tomorrow! Till then, ciao!

Rizwan takes the Player of the Match for his top-scoring effort of 57!

Pakistan are the first finalists of T20 World Cup 2022!

What a ride this has been for Pakistan. Lost their opener to India on the final ball, lost a second successive game off the final ball, this time to Zimbabwe. And are now the first to make the finals of the World Cup. What a turnaround this!

PAKISTAN WIN BY 7 WICKETS

More like, Pakistan thump NZ by 7 wickets!

A disciplined bowling show at the start to limit New Zealand to 152 first despite the Mitchell-Williamson partnership, and then a scintillating start with the bat in the powerplay to set up the chase. Babar and Rizwan eased Pakistan opening worries with a brilliant century stand when it mattered most, and set up this easy win. The pair fell after their respective fifties, to Boult, but by then the damage had already been done. Haris took charge after Rizwan fell, and Pakistan sealed it comfortably in the end with five balls to spare.

Rizwan falls

A high full toss and Rizwan sends it straight to Glenn Phillips in deep. But they show good match awareness to even attempt a run-out at the non-striker's end as well. Some confusion in the middle as the umpires check for waist-high no-ball. Fair delivery, so Rizwan falls on 43-ball 57, caught by Phillips off Boult, who gets his second. Can New Zealand script a late turnaround? 21 needed in 18 balls.

A 36-ball fifty for Rizwan

Breakthrough, at last

Boult returns, and breaks the century opening stand with the wicket of Babar, who holes out to long-on. But Pakistan are in driver's seat to secure the final berth. A little too late in the day for New Zealand, perhaps.

Fifty for Babar

Looks to the skies.. it's been that long but he's come good when Pakistan needed it the most. Babar has actually gone to outscore his opening partner to the fifty.

Drinks break: Pakistan 87/0

It seems ages ago now that Pakistan were having troubles with their opening pair. Who said Babar and Rizwan aren't in form. The two senior pros have put their hand up when it mattered the most, and given Pakistan a blistering start to make New Zealand's 152/4 seem under-par even on a sluggish pitch. The pitch though does seem to have eased out a bit, but credit to the pair for the start they've given to Pakistan. They have it in the bag, unless of course there's a drastic twist in the tale...

Milestone alert

- Third successive wicket less PP for NZ this WC

- Pakistan finish powerplay at 55/0 and it's their best powerplay of the tournament with the bat!

Rizwan gives Pakistan a flying start

Boundaries flowing at will for Pakistan. Babar was dropped first ball, and he's making New Zealand pay. 2 massive overs for Pakistan in the powerplay - 15 runs each off Boult and Southee. Rizwan leading the way. He's hit five boundaries already! Pakistan running away...

Back for the chase, and Rizwan gets going with a first-ball four himself!

Innings break: NZ 152/4

Mitchell's unbeaten 53 and KW's anchoring innings of 46 off 42 has given New Zealand 152/4. A bit under par, and Pakistan would definitely be the happier side at the innings break. Devon Conway though feels they can defend it. The top-order struggles had them worried initially but then Williamson and Mitchell stitched a crucial 68-run stand for the fourth wicket to lead the recovery.

A disciplined show from Pakistan bowlers, who used the slower balls well. Good effort to restrict New Zealand on this sluggish pitch. That said, they do need some good partnerships to ensure New Zealand don't get on top.

Pakistan's chase coming up in another 10 mins... Don't go anywhere!

KW departs

Afridi breaks the stand! Slower one from Afridi, KW shuffles across to scoop but exposes his stumps. The furniture is disturbed, the bail goes flying over the keeper's head. KW departs for 46 off 42.

Fifty stand

Googly from Shadab, but Daryl Mitchell is quick to spot. Steps out and smacks this one down the ground, over long-off. Six, and half-century of his stand with KW.

Drinks break: NZ 59/3

Pakistan would definitely be the happier side at this time. The dangerous openers and the in-form Phillips gone without causing any major damage, and Pakistan's ground fielding has been excellent too! NZ were 54/3 at the halfway mark against SL at the same venue in the league phase. They hit 113 off the last ten overs to finish on 167/7. Can they do the same tonight? We'll find out shortly...

Nawaz strikes!

Caught and bowled, and Nawaz has struck with the last ball of his opening over. Nawaz is pumped, and Babar is extra pumped. Glenn Phillips was the man in form for New Zealand. This is a big, big wicket for Pakistan!

Run out

Bullseye! Shadab's nailed the direct hit at the non-striker's end. Was always a risky single this. Conway pays the price. Called for it the moment he drove the ball to mid-off.

Sarah Waris
@swaris16
Follow
😆👏
09 Nov 2022
  301  14

WICKET

Afridi is hit straight down the ground by Allen for a first ball four, and then denied a LBW call on review because there's a big inside edge. But he has his man on the third ball! Allen reviews again but three reds and no bat involved means he's to walk back this time. Marais Erasmus does a fist bump on getting this one right! NZ lose their first wicket, and review. Dramatic opening over to begin with.

Right then, all set. Finn Allen on strike, Afridi has the ball.

Ready for the national anthems.

Playing XIs:

New Zealand:Finn Allen, Devon Conway(w), Kane Williamson(c), Glenn Phillips, Daryl Mitchell, James Neesham, Mitchell Santner, Tim Southee, Ish Sodhi, Lockie Ferguson, Trent Boult

Pakistan: Mohammad Rizwan(w), Babar Azam(c), Mohammad Haris, Shan Masood, Iftikhar Ahmed, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Nawaz, Mohammad Wasim Jr, Naseem Shah, Haris Rauf, Shaheen Afridi

Both teams are unchanged for the key clash.

TOSS: New Zealand opt to bat first

Toss in 5. Stay tuned!

FUN FACT:Six out of seven games have been won by teams batting first here at the SCG.

While we wait for the toss...

No fast bowler at the T20 World Cup has played for as long, no bowler has taken as many T20I wickets as Tim Southee, so how is it that the ageing fast bowler manages to stay a step ahead of what he himself believes is a young person's game? Ganesh gets the veteran pacer talking...

WHITE FERNS
@WHITE_FERNS
Follow
All the best for the @T20WorldCup semi-final this evening, @BLACKCAPS! Backing you all the way! 🏏🏆#CricketNation #T20WorldCup
09 Nov 2022
  890  42

Hello!

Welcome to our 1st semifinal live blog.

New Zealand return to the SCG, where they've had some very good memories this tournament. They stunned the locals on the opening night of Super 12s itself when they thumped defending champions Australia by 89 runs, and baring their defeat against England, they were always comfortably placed to grab a semis spot.

It's their opponents tonight, Pakistan, who've had quite a turnaround and a bit of luck. They lost to India, or Kohli's manic knock, in their tournament opener and then to Zimbabwe by the barest of margins. From there on, every game was a knockout and they won every and now hoping for some luck. South Africa choked at the last step, giving them a backdoor entry and they grabbed it, beating Bangladesh to seal their semis spot. And at a time when their famed opening pair isn't exactly clicking every game, their middle-order has put its hand up extraordinarily well. Such a team is always a threat - as their mentor Matthew Hayden pointed out yesterday. So, tonight is Pakistan's passion vs New Zealand's canniness. Here's the preview by Telford Vice.

© Cricbuzz
Share
	
Tweet
TAGS
New Zealand Pakistan ICC Mens T20 World Cup 2022 ICC Mens T20 World Cup 2022, 1st Semi-Final
RELATED STORIES
Adil Rashid epitomises England's unique dynasty in white-ball cricket
Ben Stokes - So human, so very good
Pakistan go down swinging and singing
When England had a ball
England - the merry and glorious world champions
Best teams learn from their mistakes - Ben Stokes
COMMENTS
LATEST NEWS
Seizing the moment ft. Pat Cummins
24m ago
Discussions set to take place with Rohit and Gambhir post BGT
15h ago
Abhishek-Prabhsimran record stand powers Punjab to massive win
18h ago
Allen, Connolly and bowlers extend Strikers' losing streak
19h ago
2024: The year of landmark overseas Test wins
1d ago
Zimbabwe thwart Afghanistan's victory push to hold on for draw
1d ago
More News
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to show you non-personalized ads. Find out more in our privacy policy and cookie policyOK
MOBILE SITE & APPS
m.cricbuzz.com
Android
iOS
FOLLOW US ON
facebook
twitter
youtube
Pinterest
COMPANY
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cricbuzz TV Ads
Privacy Preferences
© 2025 Cricbuzz.com, Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved | The Times of India | Navbharat Times
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricbuzz.com/cricket-news/124461/live-cricket-score-new-zealand-vs-pakistan-1st-semi-final-t20-world-cup-2022 
 ----- 
