HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023 Semi-finals: Updated Schedule, date, time, telecast & more
Published at :
February 4, 2024 at 5:58 AM
Modified at :
February 4, 2024 at 5:58 AM

Aditya Chauhan

0
0
Nigeria were the first team to book a semi-final place

24 teams travelled to Ivory Coast to compete for the AFCON 2023 title. Now, only four teams remain in the competition and have a chance to become the champions of Africa.

Angola, Cape Verde, DR Congo, Guinea, Ivory Coast, Mali, Nigeria and South Africa made it to the last eight stages of the competition.

Nigeria were the first team to qualify for the semi-final stage after securing a 1-0 win over Angola. Ademola Lookman netted the only goal of the season and sent the Super Eagles to the next stage. They will face either Cape Verde or South Africa in the next round.

DR Congo won the second quarter-final match of AFCON 2023. After going one goal down against Guinea in the quarter-final meeting, DR Congo scored three goals to book a place in the next round.

Cape Verde and South Africa will fight for a spot in the semis. The Bafana Bafana eliminated Morocco in the last round and will be confident. Nigeria will be waiting for the winner in the semis.

Mali and hosts Ivory Coast will play the remaining quarter-final fixture. The Ivorians will be confident after winning the penalty shoot-out against Senegal in their Round of 16 match. Mali are a tough team to beat and the hosts might find it difficult to make it to the next round. DR Congo are waiting for the winner of this match in the semi-final.

Ivory Coast won their quarter-final clash against Mali. After going down to 10 men inside the first half, the hosts were on the back foot. They conceded a goal and then equalised and took the game into extra time. A late winner secured a berth in the semis.

South Africa became the last team to make it to the last four after winning their quarter-final clash against Cape Verde. The match was goalless and went to penalties, which the Bafana Bafana won 2-1.

Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
AFCON 2023 Semi-final schedule

Semi-final 1

Nigeria vs South Africa

Date: 7 February 2024, Wednesday, 05:00 P.M. (GMT), 10:30 P.M. (IST)

Venue: Stade Bouake

Semi-final 2

Ivory Coast vs DR Congo

Date: 7 February 2024, Wednesday, 08:00 P.M. (GMT); 8 February 2024, Thursday, 01:30 A.M. (IST)

Venue: Olympic Stadium of Ebimpé

AFCON telecast details

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Manchester United vs Newcastle: Head-to-head record
Top 10 players to play for both Manchester United and Newcastle United
Top 40 fastest football players in the world in 2025
Cristiano Ronaldo doesn't rule out leaving Al-Nassr after end of current contract
Como vs Lecce Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Top 40 fastest football players in the world in 2025
Top 11 players with most assists in Premier League history
What does Mumbai City FC need to do in January transfer window?
List of Jamshedpur FC coaches and their performance in ISL
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-02-world-football-afcon-2023-semi-finals-schedule-telecast 
 ----- 
