Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
AFCON 2023: Democratic Republic of Congo eliminate Guinea to book semi-final berth
DRC recovered from a goal down to eliminate Guinea 3-1 at the Olympic Stadium of Ebimpe on Friday night.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
FEBRUARY 3, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
DR Congo players celebrate one of their three goals | Credit: CAF Media
Overview:

Chancel Mbemba Mangulu, Yoane Wissa and Arthur Masuaku scored the goals for Democratic Republic of Congo against Guinea.

AFCON 2023 (Quarter-finals):

Democratic Republic of Congo 3-1 Guinea
Nigeria 1-0 Angola

Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) joined Nigeria to the semi-finals of the AFCON 2023 tournament in Cote D’Ivoire.

DRC recovered from a goal down to eliminate Guinea 3-1 at the Olympic Stadium of Ebimpe on Friday night.

Mohamed Bayo scored a 20th minute penalty to give Guinea the early lead.

Chancel Mbemba Mangulu leveled the matters for DRC seven minutes later as the half time score was all square 1-all.

Yoane Wissa gave DRC the lead on 65 minute and Arthur Masuaku’s superb free-kick from 30 yards secured the victory for Sebastian Desabre’s coached side with 8 minutes to full-time.

Democratic Republic of Congo against Guinea | Credit: CAF Media

Meanwhile, Nigeria Super Eagles edged Angola 1-0 at the Stade Felix Houphouet in Boigny to book the first ticket to the semi-finals.

Lookman Ademola Olajade Alade Aylola scored the lone goal for the Super Eagles.

Other duels:

The quarter final matches will be concluded on Saturday, February 3, 2024.

Mali will play Cote D’Ivory in the third quarter final at Stade Bouake (8:00 PM).

Cape Verde will take on South Africa in the last quarter final duel at the Stade Charles Konan Banny de Yamoussoukro.

The two semi-finals will be played on Wednesday (7th February 2024) ahead of the long awaited finale on Saturday, 10th February 2024.

DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
All the qualified countries for Chan 2024 tournament
Busy January 2025 awaits CAF safety & security expert Okello | CAF appointments
Would-be URU Awards: 2024 was Okello, Lekuru’s year
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/02/03/afcon-2023-democratic-republic-of-congo-eliminate-guinea-to-book-semi-final-berth/ 
 ----- 
