CLOSE
SECTIONS
Home
Kathmandu
Nepal
COVID-19
Covid Connect
World
Opinion
Business
Sports
Entertainment
Lifestyle
Science&Tech
Blog
Environment
Health
       
TRENDING
Nepal
Record tourist arrivals in Annapurna Region in 2024
Pilgrimage route to Kailash Mansarovar: In the news again
APF Inspector dies after being hit by bus in Sarlahi
Weather to remain fair across the country today

MORE

     Thursday, 02 January 2025
        SEARCH
Videos E-Paper
MENU
Sports
T20 World Cup: Cricket fever grips nation ahead of Nepal's clash vs Netherlands
By Mausam Shah 'Nepali'
Published: 10:25 pm Jun 03, 2024
     
File--National cricket team players pose for a group portrait before leaving for T20 World in USA and West Indies. Photo: Twitter/CAN

KATHMANDU, JUNE 3

As Nepal prepares to take on the Netherlands in their opening fixture of the ongoing T20 World Cup at the Grand Prairie Stadium in Texas on Tuesday, Nepali fans around the world eagerly await their team's return to the global stage after a decade.

 

Nepal, led by young captain Rohit Kumar Paudel, is set to face South Africa, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, and the Netherlands in Group D.

One of the die-hard fans of Nepali cricket, Radha Krishna Gajurel, said, "It can't get any bigger than this T20 World Cup to put Nepal on the global stage. No words can express how excited and happy I am to witness Nepal face off against the Dutch." Gajurel, a lecturer of Information Technology (IT) at the National College of Computer Studies (NCCS) in Paknajol, Kathmandu, added, "I have even skipped classes to watch Nepal play at the TU Cricket Ground."

Gajurel, a fervent supporter of Nepali cricket, shared his excitement by highlighting the key players who could make a significant impact in the tournament.

He noted, "The cool-headed leadership of skipper Rohit Paudel, coupled with an explosive start from Kushal Bhurtel and the power-hitting prowess of Kushal Malla, sets a formidable foundation for our team. The finishing touches by Dipendra Singh Airee and Gulshan Jha add depth and reliability to our batting lineup."

Gajurel continued, "On the bowling front, we have the fiery spells of Sompal Kami and Karan KC, complemented by the spin magic of Lalitraj Bansi. This combination could spring a few surprises for our opponents."

Speaking to THT over the phone, Shakti Gauchan, a member of the Nepal team that represented the country at the T20 World Cup in Bangladesh in 2014, said, "It's a historic moment for all of us. Winning and losing are part of the game; now it's time to enjoy every moment of it."

"It's even more special as Sompal Kami, who was with us in 2014, is still playing, and Kushal Malla, a native of Butwal Sub-metropolitan -13, whom I have mentored since he was a kid, is representing Nepal. What more can I ask for?" Gauchan said.

"I feel like I am playing myself as Kushal Malla is there," Gauchan reminisced about how he spotted Malla as a power hitter even in his school days while coaching kids at New Horizon School in Butwal.

"He was unique from the beginning, having natural power-hitting ability, being a left-handed batsman and a left-arm spin bowler. We backed his ability, and now he is where he should be. It's an amazing and proud moment as a mentor."

File--Nepal's batsman Kushal Malla plays a shot. Photo: CAN/Twitter

Seeing potential in his ability, Gauchan visited Malla's parents to let him play cricket, but his mother, Sarmila Malla, was initially unsure and wanted her son to focus on his studies.

"We allowed Kushal to focus on cricket as he was so in love with the sport. He used to collect his friends to play with him and even give them awards to keep them engaged," Sarmila Malla shared with THT.

"At times, we had to ask him to sleep as he used to practice individually all night," Kushal's mother added.

"With his selection to the U-16, then to U-19 team and to the national team, we are satisfied with his progress. What more could we ask for as he is representing our nation on the international stage?"

"Whenever he plays, I never watch continuously but check regularly to see how he is doing," Kushal's mother shared, adding, "I want him to remain in Nepal and be involved in sports in any capacity."

"I am not just cheering for my son; I am cheering for the whole team. I want the team to do really well and advance to the next level, just like other mothers whose sons are representing Nepal in the USA and West Indies."

File---Nepal's all-rounder Kushal Malla. Photo: Twitter/CAN

With a mix of both youth and senior pros, the team is going to spring surprises. The team is full of potential stars, and on any given day, anybody could be a star for the team, Sarmila Malla said, adding that she now understands the game more.

"Although playing against a test nation is a challenge in itself, you never know what can happen on a given day. We are capable of creating an upset as the team looks balanced and has the momentum."

Sohan Shrestha from Butwal, who represented Nepal at the junior level in Pakistan and is a member of the Rupendehi Cricket Board, said, "We are all very excited to see Nepal's colors flying on the international stage."

"We have a balanced team, experienced pacers, a good mix of spinners, and exciting all-rounders including Dipendra Singh Airee, Kushal Malla, and Gulshan Jha."

"The opening stand looks shaky at the moment, but once it clicks, we will be a threat to other nations," Shrestha said, adding that cricket is a funny game where anything is possible.

Similarly, Punit Pokhrel, a former fast bowler who played in regional tournaments in and around Rupandehi district, expressed his excitement and is eagerly awaiting Nepal's mark on the international stage.

Reflecting on that moment in 2014, Gauchan recalled how standing for the national anthem at the T20 World Cup still gives him goosebumps. It was a moment of immense pride and pure joy for our nation. To the 2024 team, let your hearts beat with passion and savor every moment. Best wishes to our team.

Shakti Gauchan (right) congratulates Kushal Malla on his selection for the T20 World Cup. Courtesy: Cricket in Nepal

#T20 World Cup #Kushal Malla #Shakti Gauchan
Stay in touch!
   
Next Article
ABOUT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE WITH US ARCHIVES CONTACT US E-PAPER
 
 
 
 
 

© 2021 The Himalayan Times
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thehimalayantimes.com/sports/t20-world-cup-cricket-fever-grips-nation-ahead-of-nepals-clash-vs-netherlands 
 ----- 
