Skip to content
Subscribe Now
67°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Politics
Health
Environment
Orange County
North OC
Anaheim
Brea
Buena Park
Cypress
Fullerton
Garden Grove
La Habra
La Palma
Orange + Villa Park
Placentia
Santa Ana
Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos
Stanton
Tustin
Westminster
Yorba Linda
South OC
Costa Mesa
Dana Point
Fountain Valley
Huntington Beach
Irvine
Laguna Beach
Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo
Laguna Hills
Ladera Ranch
Lake Forest
Laguna Woods
Mission Viejo
Newport Beach
Rancho Santa Margarita
San Clemente
San Juan Capistrano
Sports
Sports
Angels
Dodgers
Chargers
Rams
Ducks
Kings
Lakers
High School Sports
Clippers
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music + Concerts
Amusement Parks + Disneyland
Theater + Arts
Casinos
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Books
Comics
Puzzles
Best of Orange County
Orange County Register Store
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County January 9, 2025 at 10:45 am
SPORTSNBACLIPPERSNews
Norman Powell leads Clippers amid grueling schedule and Kawhi Leonard’s absence
Powell steps up as starter alongside Harden and Zubac, as the Clippers face relentless early-season challenges
Clippers guard Norman Powell (24) shoots over Toronto Raptors guard Gradey Dick (1) during the first half of an NBA basketball game Saturday, Nov. 9, 2024, in Inglewood, Calif. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
By JANIS CARR | Orange County Register
UPDATED: November 14, 2024 at 11:12 PM PST

INGLEWOOD — Norman Powell apologized repeatedly for his teeth chattering. He couldn’t control the shivers after spending 15 minutes in an ice bath, part of an extended postgame recovery routine that he has adopted.

Powell, like the rest of the Clippers, is tired. Not so much from having played three sets of back-to-back games within their first 10, but because of how they struggle to close out games – such as Saturday’s close 105-103 victory over the Toronto Raptors – and have had to rely on three players to carry the majority of the load.

Powell is one of them. The veteran guard is a starter this season, which not only involves more minutes but more responsibilities to lead the team. One of those areas is scoring, a job he has readily adopted.

A former sixth man, Powell is averaging a team-high 25.5 points, 3.4 rebounds and 2.4 assists in his starting role this season over 34.2 minutes per game.

“I expected it from myself … the work that I put in and my belief was always for this. This level was nothing new to me,” Powell said. “I know a lot of people outside are surprised or shocked or whatever it is, but this has been how I’ve envisioned myself being in the league and finally getting an opportunity down the stretch and with the work that I put in.”

James Harden and Ivica Zubac are the other two who have had to take on bigger profiles during All-Star Kawhi Leonard’s absence. Leonard is out indefinitely and will not travel with the team when it heads to Oklahoma City for a game against the Thunder on Monday and then on to Houston for a pair of games against the Rockets.

Harden, in his 16th NBA season, is averaging 34.4 minutes per game. While his minutes are less than in recent seasons, he is scoring (21.2 ppg) and rebounding (8.1 rpg) more with All-Star wing Paul George gone and Leonard missing from action. He also has been averaging nine assists.

Zubac, the Clippers’ iron man, is averaging a career-high 35 minutes per game and wished he could play all 48. He is averaging 16.4 points and 12.7 rebounds – both career highs.

Told that Coach Tyronn Lue complained of being tired, Harden shot back, saying “He’s tired? Imagine how we feel.”

The Clippers (6-4) are one of six teams that will play 16 back-to-back games this season. One media outlet rated their schedule as the second-toughest to start the season behind the Phoenix Suns. Already they have played the Suns twice, the Denver Nuggets, the Golden State Warriors and the Oklahoma City Thunder.

RELATED ARTICLES
Russell Westbrook, Nuggets rout Clippers with both teams missing stars
Reports: Clippers star Kawhi Leonard leaves team to join evacuated family in L.A.
Clippers can’t hold off Anthony Edwards, Timberwolves
Swanson: Here we go again; Kawhi Leonard returns to boost Clippers’ hopes
Kawhi not the only Clipper back on the court

Harden acknowledged the Clippers have a tough schedule but countered, “We’re here and we make good money to go out and play the game we love. We just have to figure out ways to win games. Figure it out.”

“Tomorrow, we travel to OKC and play another one,” he added. “This is the NBA. Welcome.”

WALTON HONORED

Bill Walton, who played for the Clippers from 1979-1985, was honored this week by the G League’s San Diego Clippers, which named the court at their Frontwave Arena in Oceanside after the late big man whose love of the San Diego community was well known.

In front of each bench is a decal of Walton’s signature to mark his legacy.

Walton, 71, died earlier this year at his home in San Diego.

Game Day with Kevin Modesti: Providing the SoCal sports fan with essential preparation for the day ahead.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Orange County Register.

Originally Published: November 10, 2024 at 6:05 PM PST
Around the Web
Do Not Play Online Slots Until You Have Read This
Casino Review Journal
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
[Watch] "Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Wellness Gaze
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Diabetes Freedom
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
North Charleston: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Apartments: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
Moerie
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
First Signs of Crohn's Disease That Many Females Tend to Ignore
Crohn's Disease Treatment
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car in The World
Stars Are Made
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
YourBump
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
10 Most Harmful Dinner Foods to Eat in the Evening
HEALTH NATURAL
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Greta Thunberg's House Shocks the Whole World, the Proof in pics
Foodie Friend
15 Worst Foods You Can't Eat at Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Do You Know What Squamous Cell Carcinoma Is? Take a Look
Squamous Cell Carcinoma
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
What Causes Tnbc (Find out More!)
Breast Cancer I Search Ads
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Joint Pain Vanishes With This Little-known Superfood - Try It Tonight!
Health News | Joint Pain
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Jr Day Strength to Love T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
If You Have a Gassy Stomach, Do This Immediately for Parasite Cleanse
WellnessGaze News
Heart Surgeon: Anyone Over 45 Should Do This Daily
WellnessGaze Heart
Silent but Dangerous: Understanding the Appearance of Psoriatic Arthritis
Psoriatic Arthritis
Popular Foods You Should Never Eat After 50, Say Dietitians
HEALTH NATURAL
Gum Disease & Tooth Decay Vanish With This Strange Ritual
WellnessGaze Dental
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Restore Perfect 20/20 Vision Without Glasses, Surgery or Lens (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
Weird New "Oral Flush" Naturally Restores Teeth & Gums
Provadent
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
This map shows where the Eaton fire is burning in Pasadena
This map shows where the Eaton fire is burning in Pasadena
Anna Li, Jiani Wu suspended by U.S. Center for SafeSport for abusing athletes
Anna Li, Jiani Wu suspended by U.S. Center for SafeSport for abusing athletes
Skyloft and Bodega restaurants in Laguna Beach close
Skyloft and Bodega restaurants in Laguna Beach close
Here’s where the Santa Ana wildfire threat will be highest this week
Here’s where the Santa Ana wildfire threat will be highest this week
This map shows where the Palisades fire is burning in Pacific Palisades
This map shows where the Palisades fire is burning in Pacific Palisades
This map shows where the Sunset fire is burning in the Hollywood Hills
This map shows where the Sunset fire is burning in the Hollywood Hills
Eaton fire evacuations expand into Pasadena, Altadena, Arcadia and Sierra Madre
Eaton fire evacuations expand into Pasadena, Altadena, Arcadia and Sierra Madre
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back
5 dead as Eaton fire explodes to 10,600 acres — hundreds of structures destroyed or damaged
5 dead as Eaton fire explodes to 10,600 acres — hundreds of structures destroyed or damaged
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN CLIPPERS
Russell Westbrook, Nuggets rout Clippers with both teams missing stars
Reports: Clippers star Kawhi Leonard leaves team to join evacuated family in L.A.
Clippers can’t hold off Anthony Edwards, Timberwolves
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Swanson: Here we go again; Kawhi Leonard returns to boost Clippers’ hopes
2024
November
10
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Obituary
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT OC REGISTER
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work With Us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
CONTACT US
Corrections
OC Register Store
Reader Rewards
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
PARTNERS
Live Traffic Map
Newspapers in Education
Sponsor a Student
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ocregister.com/2024/11/10/norman-powell-leads-clippers-amid-grueling-schedule-and-kawhi-leonards-absence/ 
 ----- 
