Skip to content
Subscribe Now
58°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Politics
Health
Environment
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Jobs
Local News
Local News
Covina
West Covina
Baldwin Park
El Monte
South El Monte
San Gabriel
Glendora
Azusa
Monrovia
City of Industry
Irwindale
Arcadia
Diamond Bar
Walnut
Alhambra
Pasadena
La Puente
Montebello
Los Angeles County
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Chargers
Rams
Lakers
Clippers
Dodgers
Angels
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Kings
Ducks
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Amusement Parks
Movies
Music + Concerts
Theater
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Tribune Store
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log In

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County January 9, 2025 at 10:45 am
SPORTSNBALAKERSNews
Anthony Davis exits early, Lakers beat Raptors for 5th consecutive home win
LeBron James has 19 points, a season-high 16 assists and 10 rebounds for another triple-double, and Davis scores 22 points before leaving with an eye injury in the third quarter of a 123-103 victory
Lakers forward Anthony Davis (3) reacts after missing on a basket during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Toronto Raptors, Sunday, Nov. 10, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
By KHOBI PRICE | kprice@scng.com
UPDATED: November 15, 2024 at 2:59 AM PST

LOS ANGELES — Despite Anthony Davis leaving the game early with an eye injury, the Lakers’ extended their home winning streak on Sunday night, picking up a 123-103 victory over the Toronto Raptors at Crypto.com Arena. 

With Davis absent for the final 17-plus minutes, LeBron James dialed up his intensity in the latter stages of the third quarter and early in the fourth, helping the Lakers turn a five-point deficit late in the third (77-72) into a double-digit lead (103-89) early in the fourth. 

James finished with 19 points, a season-high 16 assists and 10 rebounds for his second consecutive triple-double and third of the season.

“LeBron took control of the game and not just with scoring the basketball,” Coach JJ Redick said. “Defensively, with his rebounding, his playmaking, really you’re in that situation and A.D. goes out and it requires more from everybody else.”

James’ final assist to Austin Reaves (27 points, six assists) for a 3-pointer put the Lakers ahead 120-100 with 1:39 left in the game, with both teams taking out their main rotation players from there.

“I’ve always got a kick out of seeing my teammates succeed and being able to attract defenses and being able to read and just try to put the ball on time, on target,” said James, who is fourth on the NBA’s career assists list. “That’s always been my basketball pleasure, being able to just kind of read the game and put the ball for guys to just to be able to just catch, shoot, layup, dunk, whatever it is.”

The Lakers (6-4) have won their first five games at Crypto.com Arena.

D’Angelo Russell (15 points) and Jaxson Hayes (12 points, six rebounds) combined for 27 of the Lakers’ 40 bench points.

Cam Reddish had 11 points on 5-of-7 shooting in his second start after moving into the first unit ahead of Friday’s victory over the Philadelphia 76ers. 

Most of Hayes’ production came in the fourth, stepping up for Davis, who typically plays the bulk of the quarter.

“Jaxson was amazing,” Reaves said. “Especially that third quarter on. He played probably one of his best games since he’s been here. Being active defensively, being a scorer in the pocket, rebounder. He did a lot of really good things.”

Davis (22 points, four rebounds, three assists and two blocked shots in 26 minutes) was ruled out early in the fourth because of a left eye injury he suffered while blocking Raptors center Jakob Poeltl (14 points, 10 rebounds, four assists) midway through the third.

Poeltl hit Davis in the eye while Davis was blocking his dunk. 

Davis immediately fell to the court and was writing in pain before team doctors checked on him. He immediately went to the locker room and didn’t return to the Lakers’ bench for the remainder of the game.

The All-Star big man suffered a corneal abrasion to his left eye last season on March 16.

“I just know that he got poked in it,” Redick said of Davis. “He was having trouble seeing. Obviously, taking a little bit of trauma to the eye, it takes a little bit of time to get your clear vision back. But other than that, no update.”

RELATED ARTICLES
Fires force Lakers’ Thursday game vs. Hornets to be postponed
Lakers look to get right during their longest homestand
Lakers blown out by short-handed Mavericks
Gabe Vincent returns in Lakers’ loss to Mavericks, shoring up rotation
Lakers seek toughness ahead of game with depleted Mavericks

The Lakers, who have generally struggled without Davis on the court, raised their defensive intensity and focus in the fourth.

After giving up 12 offensive rebounds and 15 fast-break points in the first three quarters, the Lakers didn’t allow any of either in the final 12 minutes despite the Raptors entering the matchup as the league’s top team in fast-break points at 20.9 per game. 

The Lakers also took advantage of the Raptors’ carelessness, turning 18 Toronto turnovers into 20 points. 

The Raptors were led by RJ Barrett’s 18 points, seven rebounds and four assists. Chris Boucher had 18 points off the bench for Toronto.

The Lakers’ conclude their three-game homestand on Wednesday night against the Memphis Grizzlies.

NOTABLE

James has 13 of his 115 career triple-doubles since he turned 37 in December 2021. Only six other players in NBA history accomplished the feat after their 37th birthdays, doing it a combined eight times.

Originally Published: November 10, 2024 at 9:25 PM PST
Around the Web
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
The Worst Cars Ever Made, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Look for Any High School Yearbook, It's Free!
Classmates
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Early Signals of Tardive Dyskinesia That Many People Tend to Ignore! (See More!)
Tardive | Search Ads
North Charleston: New Two Bed Senior Apartments Are Stunning! (Take a Look)
Senior Living
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip Code)
OTTO Quotes
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
YourBump
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
What Really Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome? Prepare to Be Shocked!
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
If Your Dog Follows You, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
Moerie
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health News | Diabetes
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Dreams Finder
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
10 Harmful Foods to Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
15 Worst Foods You Can't Eat at Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
Pregnant Waitress Brought to Tears by Cop's Note
gloriousa
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Live web cams capture Southern California wildfires in real time
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
In tiny, charming Sierra Madre, Eaton fire destroys homes, forces scores of residents to flee
Longtime West Covina football coach Mike Maggiore resigns after 26 years
Eaton fire: Muir High athletic director Alfredo Resendiz describes ‘apocalyptic’ scene near school
Strong winds forecasted Thursday as fires rage across LA County, and more expected next week
At Altadena’s fabled Zorthian Ranch, disbelief at the devastation
More than 4,000 structures damaged in uncontained Eaton fire, though winds slow
5 dead as Eaton fire explodes to 10,600 acres — hundreds of structures destroyed or damaged
Disney Imagineers who built Disneyland lost their homes in Altadena fire
Tom Hanks’ son: Palisades fire burning family’s neighborhood ‘to the ground’
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN LAKERS
Fires force Lakers’ Thursday game vs. Hornets to be postponed
Lakers look to get right during their longest homestand
Lakers blown out by short-handed Mavericks
Gabe Vincent returns in Lakers’ loss to Mavericks, shoring up rotation
2024
November
10
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
CONTACT US
Corrections
Work With Us
Newspapers in Education
Tribune Store
ABOUT SGV TRIBUNE
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Partners
Live Traffic Map
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
Reader’s Choice
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Local Job Board
Obituary
Legals
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
READER REWARDS
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
Sponsor a Student
CONTENT MARKETING
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sgvtribune.com/2024/11/10/anthony-davis-exits-early-lakers-beat-raptors-for-fifth-consecutive-home-win/ 
 ----- 
