MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION
Timberwolves top Pelicans 104-97 in Zion Williamson's thunderous return
Updated Jan. 7, 2025 11:55 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK

Anthony Edwards highlighted a 32-point performance with seven 3-pointers, and the Minnesota Timberwolves beat the New Orleans Pelicans 104-97 on Tuesday night to take some luster off of Zion Williamson's return from a 27-game absence.

Williamson, who'd been sidelined by a left hamstring strain, had 22 points, six rebounds, four assists, three steals and a block in 27 minutes in his seventh game this season.

Former Pelican Julius Randle scored 16 points and ex-LSU star Naz Reid had 13 points and 12 rebounds for Minnesota, which led most of the game and by as many as 13 points. Rudy Gobert had 14 rebounds and six blocks.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Edwards hit four early 3s and had 14 points less than seven minutes in. He surpassed the 30-point mark for the ninth time this season.

Dejounte Murray scored 29 points for New Orleans, but CJ McCollum, who scored 50 points just two games earlier, shot 1-of-14 as the Pelicans lost for the 21st time in 24 games.

Minnesota
Timberwolves
104
FINAL
97
New Orleans
Pelicans
MIN -4.0 UNDER 221.5
Takeaways

Timberwolves: Donte DiVincenzo started at point guard for a second straight night in place of Mike Conley, who was a reserve for just the second time in his 132 games with the Timberwolves. DiVincenzo scored 10 points and Conley eight.

Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
Balance transfer cards are helping Americans pay off their debt faster. Get the details. 
NerdWallet|Sponsored
2024 NFL Wild Card picks, predictions: Back Russell Wilson Under passing yards
Geoff Schwartz is back with his best bets for Wild Card Weekend. Find out why he's backing the Bucs to cover the first half and how he's wagering on Russell...
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.

Pelicans: Williamson and Murray worked well together in the first Pelicans game this season with both in the lineup. Twice, a Murray steal resulted in a Williamson breakaway dunk — one of them a 360-degree, double-clutch, roundhouse jam. They just needed more help against the Wolves.

Key moment

Edwards hit a free throw and a pair of 3s during a 19-2, third-quarter run that helped Minnesota turn a 64-57 deficit into a 75-66 lead in less than four minutes. Minnesota did not trail again.

Key stat

Edwards shot 63.6% from 3-point range.

Up next

The Timberwolves visit Orlando on Thursday. The Pelicans host Portland on Wednesday.

Reporting by The Associated Press.

[Want great stories delivered right to your inbox? Create or log in to your FOX Sports account, follow leagues, teams and players to receive a personalized newsletter daily.]

SHARE
NBA TRENDING
2025 NBA Mock Draft 1.0: Debate at the top with Cooper Flagg and Dylan Harper
'I was not prepared for what I saw': Lakers coach JJ Redick details devastation from Palisades Fire
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
VIEW MORE
Get more from National Basketball Association
Follow your favorites to get information about games, news and more
FOLLOW
IN THIS TOPIC
Minnesota Timberwolves
Anthony Edwards
National Basketball Association
Mike Conley
Donte DiVincenzo
Rudy Gobert
CJ McCollum
Dejounte Murray
Naz Reid
Zion Williamson
Anthony Edwards
New Orleans Pelicans
Minnesota Timberwolves
NBA - Minnesota Timberwolves vs. New Orleans Pelicans - 01/08/2025
SPONSORED CONTENT
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
|
Sponsored
Travel Oregon This Winter
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert...
Travel Oregon
|
Sponsored
Learn More
See Why Seniors Are Switching To These SUVs (The Prices Mig...
Seniors: Discover Discounts & Savings On New SUVs With These...
FrequentSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
CommonSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Click Here
2024 Family SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Pay No Interest Until 2026
You could get 0% intro APR for up to 18 months by switching to this card. 
NerdWallet
|
Sponsored
Get Offer
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing...
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing fiduciary advisors.
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
2024 Buick's Are Turning Heads
SearchTopics | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/stories/nba/timberwolves-top-pelicans-104-97-zion-williamsons-thunderous-return 
 ----- 
