Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Boyle brings heat in MLB debut, not just in his coffee
Share
Boyle brings heat in MLB debut, not just in his coffee
September 18th, 2023

Damin Esper

Share

0:01

1:06

OAKLAND -- Joe Boyle was asked what he was going to remember about the day he pitched three shutout innings against the Padres in his Major League debut.

“I’m  going to remember how I burnt my tongue on a cup of coffee this morning,” Boyle said after the A’s fell, 10-1, in the series finale Sunday afternoon at the Coliseum.

• Game Story: Rooker's 26th homer prevents shutout ▶️

Really? Not striking out Fernando Tatis Jr. twice?

Boyle's fastball topped out at 99.7 mph as he faced 12 batters and allowed just one hit. He struck out four and walked two.

Oakland manager Mark Kotsay said he wanted Boyle to have a positive outing.

“I thought Boyle did a great job,” Kotsay said. “We talked before the game a little bit about command. His strike percentage throughout the Minor Leagues was a little bit low, but we saw a kid come out with some confidence today. He attacked the zone, used his fastball. You saw his breaking ball can be a finish pitch.

“He did a great job for three innings. That was the plan, get his feet wet, get him out there and turn the ball over to [Ken Waldichuk].”

Waldichuk wasn’t as successful as Boyle, allowing six runs in four innings as the Padres completed a three-game sweep. Juan Soto hit his first career grand slam in the eighth off of Devin Sweet, his second homer of the game.

From the Oakland side of things, this was all about Boyle. The A’s have struggled with their starting pitching this year. Oakland starters have just 17 wins, fewest in the majors. The starters’ ERA is 5.81, second-worst in MLB behind the Rockies.

The future, however …

“We’ve got a young core of starting pitchers and they’re all capable of getting much better,” catcher Shea Langeliers said. “Not that they’re already making strides this year, but I think we’ve got a chance to be really good. …

“We’ve got a lot of guys with a lot of good stuff. Mason [Miller], obviously, his stuff is electric. Boyle. [Luis] Medina’s got really good stuff.”

One start of just three innings isn’t a lot of data, but Boyle has a chance to be part of a developing rotation going forward. He has the goods.

“The stuff’s really good,” Langeliers said. “For him, it’s being aggressive attacking the strike zone, trusting that his stuff really is that good. I thought he looked really good today.

“Catching him is a lot of fun. I like how he goes out there and attacks the zone.”

Boyle said he was grateful for the opportunity.

“I didn’t try to predict how it was going to go,” he said. “But I’m definitely happy with the way it went. I think it’s a good outing to build on and learn from going forward.”

Related
'We're all going to miss him': A's imagine Spring Training without Rickey

January 11th, 2025

A's sell out 2025 season tix at Sutter Health Park

January 10th, 2025

Rooker's extension the result of determination during 'whirlwind' journey

January 10th, 2025

Rays trade Springs for trio of prospects, including MLB-ready starter

December 14th, 2024

With Boyle sidelined, what are the A's pitching options?

May 6th, 2024

Boyle flashes potential, but results still a mixed bag

April 25th, 2024

Boyle said his heart rate was higher than usual but nerves didn’t get in the way.

“Once I got out there, it just felt like baseball,” he said. “Obviously, you know the kind of hitters they are. You know that they’re good and what they can handle and what their strengths and weaknesses are. So you prepare for that going into it.”

Boyle’s parents and fiancée made it to the game, as well as some friends and his agent. Boyle said he didn’t keep anything from the start and didn’t know where the ball he got Tatis with for his first career strikeout ended up.

But he’ll always have the memory of that burnt tongue.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Oakland Athletics
Joe Boyle
You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/joe-boyle-sharp-in-major-league-debut 
 ----- 
