Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
Rumors
Prospects
History
Podcast
Merch
Write for us!
About
FanSided MLB Sites
Follow Us
Vladimir Guerrero Jr. is slowly but surely beginning to right the ship for the Blue Jays

Has superstar Vladimir Guerrero Jr. finally turned a corner in helping the Blue Jays to clutch wins?

By
Edward Eng
|
Sep 17, 2023
Boston Red Sox v Toronto Blue Jays | Vaughn Ridley/GettyImages

In the recent dreadful series against the Texas Rangers, many of the Toronto Blue Jays’ faithful were not only disappointed in the team’s unmotivated play, but also the fact that star first baseman Vladimir Guerrero Jr. hasn’t been delivering at the most critical time of the year. After all, many have put high expectations on him to lead the current Jays’ core to winning and success for now and the future. We have even touched upon the fact that September has certainly not been Guerrero’s best month throughout his career as well.

With a large chunk of the Jays’ fanbase calling out Guerrero in his failure to come up big for the ballclub in recent games, he has definitely begun to quiet his critics in the most recent series against their rivals the Boston Red Sox. With the Red Sox holding a lopsided 7-3 edge on the Blue Jays entering the weekend series, many were expecting for the worst, with the Jays’ season ultimately on the line.

However, Guerrero has finally, I mean FINALLY, come up big for the ballclub when they needed him the most. On Friday, with the Jays’ offence continuing to struggle mightily, the lone bright spot came from the bat of Guerrero, as he came up with a big three-run blast in the bottom of the 3rd inning to provide the only runs of the game. The Jays went on to win 3-0 in a critical bounce back, momentum-building game following the sweep at the hands of the Rangers.

Then once again on Saturday, with the Jays down 2-0 late in the game, Guerrero provided another spark for the team with another big home run, this time in the bottom of the seventh inning to get the Jays on the board. Eventually, he will also end up scoring the Jays’ winning run in the bottom of the 13th inning to help the team earn a hard fought victory.

Of course, it didn’t come without its little warts, as Guerrero also committed a crucial base-running mistake that same inning that nearly cost his team the win. On the play, he was caught flat-footed and failed to advance on a deep fly ball hit to center by Davis Schneider with nobody out. Luckily, he totally made up for it by scoring the game-winning run in the end to make everyone forgive his error in judgment.

Nevertheless, Guerrero has certainly been the difference maker for the Jays for the past two games in the most important part of the season. With Bo Bichette clearly still being bother somewhat by his injury with his current underwhelming stretch, look for Guerrero to step up and become the hero once again in Sunday’s finale against the Red Sox.

Perhaps one of the club’s biggest stars have finally woken up and turned a corner in becoming one of the ballclub’s clutch performers down the stretch. In doing so, Guerrero is finally helping the Jays to right the ship as they make their desperate final push for the playoffs.

Home/Toronto Blue Jays News
Schedule
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
Mobile Apps
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://jaysjournal.com/posts/vladimir-guerrero-jr-is-slowly-but-surely-beginning-to-right-the-ship-for-the-blue-jays 
 ----- 
