Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Family tradition leads Guerrero Jr. to Clemente nomination
Share
Family tradition leads Guerrero Jr. to Clemente nomination
September 17th, 2023

Keegan Matheson

@KeeganMatheson
Share

0:00

0:48

This story was excerpted from Keegan Matheson’s Blue Jays Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

When Vladimir Guerrero Jr. launched a three-run homer on Friday against the Red Sox, he finished his parade through the dugout and found the nearest camera.

Guerrero pointed to the No. 21 patch on his chest, holding his jersey up for the broadcast to see. It was Roberto Clemente Day, honoring the Hall of Famer and 15-time All-Star who died in a plane crash on New Year's Eve 1972 while attempting to deliver supplies to earthquake victims in Nicaragua.

Guerrero is this year’s Blue Jays nominee for the Roberto Clemente Award. Prior to the game, he was recognized on the field with a presentation from coach Luis Rivera who, like Clemente, is Puerto Rican.

Over the past year, Guerrero and his family have started the VG27 Foundation, which has formalized and helped grow the work they were already doing in their community in the Dominican Republic. This isn’t new to Guerrero, who has seen the work his father did in his home country growing up, but now he’s taking the torch.

“It’s very emotional for me. I feel very grateful to do this, and I learned that from my dad,” Guerrero said through a club interpreter. “Since I’ve been a kid, he would do that all the time to help kids, help other people, help the community. I want to follow in his footsteps. There is nothing more satisfying than, every 24th of December, to give something to kids who don’t have anything. When we give something to a kid, it’s a feeling that I cannot describe.”

The Christmas holiday is a core focus of the VG27 Foundation. Last winter, Guerrero, his family and close friends distributed full holiday meal kits to over 1,000 families in the Don Gregorio, Nizao and Sabana Grande de Palenque areas.

These moments put Guerrero in a unique place, between the child he once was and the man he’s become. The holidays, in particular, bring back those memories.

“When I was younger, it was a blessing,” Guerrero said. “Because of my dad, we celebrated Christmas with everything, a lot of food, lots of toys. I think that’s the reason I am like that with kids in my community. When I give a gift to one kid, it feels like my dad giving a gift to me. It’s a blessing.”

Related
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

January 11th, 2025

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

January 10th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

January 10th, 2025

These 12 players will be looking for big walk years in '25

December 15th, 2024

Soto's record deal moves bar higher for talks with Vladdy

December 10th, 2024

Toronto's future hinges on this offseason -- and its biggest star

December 2nd, 2024

This includes Three Kings Day, a Latin American holiday which is an established Guerrero family tradition. Guerrero hosted a Toy Drive around this time last offseason, delivering toys to more than 500 children from Don Gregorio and its region to ensure that children within these communities receive a new toy during the holidays.

Healthcare has been another priority for Guerrero in his home community. Guerrero has financed an initiative to bring healthcare professionals from Santo Domingo to his hometown regularly to help residents with vaccinations, prescriptions and any ailments free of charge.

So many of these ideas have grown from the work his father has done in the nearly three decades since making his MLB debut, and the Guerreros continue to do it as a family.

“We always do this and all of my family is involved in this,” Guerrero said. “When it’s time for us to help the community, everybody gets together as a family. We decided to do it the right way and build a foundation and it’s been perfect, how it happened.”

Establishing this foundation officially is by no means the beginning of Guerrero’s work, but he hopes that it will help him to expand the work he and his family are capable of doing.

This work is a family tradition, and if history is any lesson, we’ll be hearing about another great Guerrero carrying on this work a generation from now.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Toronto Blue Jays
Vladimir Guerrero Jr.

Keegan Matheson covers the Blue Jays for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/vladimir-guerrero-jr-named-blue-jays-roberto-clemente-award-nominee 
 ----- 
