Skip to main content
I ACCEPT

Our site uses cookies. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information. Further use of this site will be considered consent.

Premium
World Cup
Trending
News
Entertainment
Videos
Learning
Gear
More
The18 Futbol
USA
Europe
Mexico
Central & South America
Asia
National Teams
World Cup
Women's Soccer
Transfers
College Soccer
Youth Soccer

News

Cristiano Ronaldo scores his 133rd international goal as Portugal defeat Poland 3-1
By Reuters
October 12, 2024
One of the easier goals of his career.
Getty Images
Get the best email in soccer.

WARSAW — First-half goals from Bernardo Silva and Cristiano Ronaldo helped group leaders Portugal to a comfortable 3-1 victory away to Poland in the Nations League on Saturday as they continued their perfect start to the competition with three wins.

Silva put Portugal in front after 26 minutes, netting from Bruno Fernandes' headed assist, before Ronaldo doubled their lead 11 minutes later with a low, first-time shot.

Cristiano Ronaldo goal vs Poland

Piotr Zielinski pulled a goal back for Poland in the 78th with a powerful strike into the roof of the net before home defender Jan Bednarek netted an own goal in the dying minutes.

Portugal continue to set pace in League A Group One with nine points, three points clear of Croatia who came from behind to beat visitors Scotland 2-1 earlier on Saturday. Poland are third with three points while the Scots have none so far.

(Reporting by Anita Kobylinska; Editing by Ken Ferris)

VIDEOS YOU MIGHT LIKE
The Best Soccer Shows On Netflix
Foosball Egg Prize Challenge
World Cup Jerseys Through the Years
Core Strengthening Exercises
At Home With Eric Brief
The Player With The Most Champions League Titles Of All...
Home Soccer Training Workouts: Kickouts
The Most Valuable Teams In Sports
ASMR Sounds of Soccer
Maradona Loves To Party
Stories you might like
More
Dutch striker facing criticism for knee-slide goal celebration after Hungary coach collapsed
Pep Guardiola extends contract with Manchester City to stay a 10th year with club
Viral: Cristiano Ronaldo tells MrBeast he might play professionally with his son one day
Watch: Christian Pulisic strikes again with his third UCL goal of the season
Trending On The18
We’ve watched this Emi Martínez save vs. Forest 10 times and we’re still not sure how he did it
Pachuca to face Real Madrid after becoming second-ever Concacaf team to reach Intercontinental Cup final
Christian Pulisic’s MRI scan reveals low-grade tear in his right calf
Donovan jinx? Fans’ hilarious reaction to USMNT players ‘responding’ to MLS transfer suggestion
PREVIOUS
NEXT
Follow Us on Social
Premium
News
Entertainment
Learning
Gear
About Us
Our Team
Media

© 2024 The18
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://the18.com/en/soccer-news/cristiano-ronaldo-goal-vs-poland-helps-lead-portugal-to-win-vs-poland/138376 
 ----- 
