Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
Jimmy Carter funeral
NFL: Rams vs. Vikings
SPORTS
Dane Myers drives in career-best 5 RBIs as the Marlins beat slumping Blue Jays 8-1
1 of 17 |  

Miami Marlins’ Dane Myers hits a three-run home run during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

2 of 17 |  

Miami Marlins’ Griffin Conine hits an RBI double off Toronto Blue Jays pitcher Yariel Rodríguez during first-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

3 of 17 |  

Miami Marlins pitcher Xzavion Curry works against the Toronto Blue Jays during first-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

4 of 17 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ George Springer, left, steals second base past Miami Marlins shortstop Xavier Edwards, right, during third-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

5 of 17 |  

Miami Marlins’ Dane Myers hits a two run double during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

6 of 17 |  

Miami Marlins pitcher Xzavion Curry works against the Toronto Blue Jays during first-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

7 of 17 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ Nathan Lukes rounds the bases after hitting a home run off Miami Marlins pitcher Xzavion Curry during first-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

8 of 17 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ Nathan Lukes hits a home run off Miami Marlins pitcher Xzavion Curry during first-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

9 of 17 |  

Toronto Blue Jays pitcher Yariel Rodriguez works against the Miami Marlins during first-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

10 of 17 |  

Toronto Blue Jays pitcher Yariel Rodríguez reacts after giving up an RBI double to Miami Marlins’ Griffin Conine during first-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

11 of 17 |  

Miami Marlins pitcher Darren McCaughan works against the Toronto Blue Jays during the seventh of a baseball game in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

12 of 17 |  

Miami Marlins’ Dane Myers is tagged out at home plate by Toronto Blue Jays catcher Alejandro Kirk during sixth inning interleague MLB baseball action in Toronto, Saturday, September 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

13 of 17 |  

Miami Marlins’ Dane Myers watches his two-run double during sixth-inning baseball game action against the Miami Marlins in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

14 of 17 |  

Miami Marlins pitcher Darren McCaughan celebrates with catcher Jhonny Pereda after their team’s win over the Toronto Blue Jays in interleague MLB baseball action in Toronto, Saturday, September 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

15 of 17 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ Vladimir Guerrero Jr. reacts after striking out during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

16 of 17 |  

Miami Marlins’ Dane Myers, right, celebrates next to Toronto Blue Jays shortstop Ernie Clement after hitting a two-run RBI double during the sixth inning of a baseball game in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

17 of 17 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ Bo Bichette stands in the dugout during baseball game action against the Miami Marlins in Toronto, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

BY  IAN HARRISON
Updated 10:55 PM UTC, September 28, 2024
Share

TORONTO (AP) — Dane Myers hit a three-run homer and finished with a career-high five RBIs, Griffin Conine had three hits and an RBI and the Miami Marlins claimed a series against Toronto for the first time since 2009 with an 8-1 victory over the Blue Jays on Saturday.

Miami’s Jesús Sánchez scored three runs for the second straight game.

Bench coach Luis Urueta managed the Marlins in the next-to-last game of the season after manager Skip Schumaker returned home to California because of a family medical issue.

“I know he was watching,” said Urueta, who will also handle Sunday’s season finale.

Myers was activated off the 60-day injured list Tuesday. He fractured his left ankle when he kicked a door out of frustration after being ejected in a 10-6 loss at Cincinnati on July 13.

“I’m so happy for him, especially what he’s been through the last two months,” Urueta said. “To be able to come here today and do what he did, it’s pretty cool.”

Myers said it was tough being on the sidelines while injured.

“Sitting in the hotel watching the boys play was tough,” he said. “I think the mental rehab was a little bit harder than the physical rehab.”

RELATED STORIES
Rangers get slugging corner infielder Jake Burger from Marlins for prospects and sign a reliever
Blue Jays, Dodgers and Red Sox among losing bidders for Juan Soto
Right-hander Yimi García and Blue Jays finalize $15 million, 2-year contract

Xzavion Curry (2-2) allowed one run and two hits in five innings in his first start with Miami, which won its third straight.

“Outstanding job,” Urueta said of Curry. “He attacked the zone, threw strikes.”

Darren McCaughan pitched the final four innings and earned his second save in two chances.

Miami had been winless in its past eight series against Toronto, losing six and splitting two. The Marlins swept a three-game road series against the Blue Jays in June 2009.

Nathan Lukes hit his first career home run for the Blue Jays — a solo shot in the first inning — but Toronto lost for the ninth time in 11 games. The Blue Jays are 7-16 in September.

Toronto slugger Vladimir Guerrero Jr. went 0 for 4 with a strikeout to remain one hit shy of 200. Manager John Schneider said Guerrero might lead off Sunday.

Blue Jays starter Yariel Rodríguez (1-8) wrapped up his rookie season by losing his fifth straight decision.

“It’s not exactly the year that I really wanted,” Rodríguez said through a translator. “I know I can be better than that.”

The 27-year-old right-hander allowed three runs and four hits in five-plus innings. He walked two and struck out five.

Both of Rodríguez’s walks came in the first, and both scored on two-out, RBI hits by Jonah Bride and Conine.

Lukes cut the deficit in half by homering off Curry in the bottom of the inning, but Miami added three more in the sixth. Myers hit a bases-loaded double off the top of the right field wall that chased reliever Brendon Little before Jhonny Pereda added an RBI single off Erik Swanson.

Myers homered off Génesis Cabrera in the eighth, his third of the season.

ROSTER MOVES

Blue Jays: Toronto recalled RHP Nick Robertson from Triple-A Buffalo and optioned LHP Easton Lucas to the Spring Training Complex.

UP NEXT

LHP Ryan Weathers (4-6, 3.81 ERA) is expected to start for Miami in Sunday’s season finale. The Blue Jays had not named a starter.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18...
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Jimmy Carter's funeral brings together 5 current and former US presidents to honor one of their own
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles , Trump doesn't offer much sympathy. He's casting blame.
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
A military doctor has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing dozens of soldiers at...
AP News
From Carter's funeral, an Americ an snapshot: A singular image, ...
Inside Washington National Cathedral, the five men who've occupied the Oval Offic...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Neva da (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Nevada That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Trial
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Try Now
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing fiduciary...
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Feel Well with Axial Spondyloarthr...
Learn about this rare form of arthritis that affects the spine and pelvis and has two...
Self
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Feel Well with Ulcerati ve Colitis
Self
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
JetBlue passenger suddenly opens exit door as flight is taxii...
Massachusetts authorities say a person on board a plane at Boston Logan Internatio...
AP News
Democratic Sen. John Fetterma n to meet with Trump at Mar-a...
Pennsylvania Sen. John Fetterman will become the chamber's first Democrat to...
AP News
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Minnesota judge orders Mike Lindell's MyPillow to pay nearl...
A Minnesota judge has ordered MyPillow to pay nearly $778,000 for unpaid bills an...
AP News
Estonia steps up patrols in the icy Baltic Sea in a show of forc...
Estonian naval ships are taking part in step ped-up patrols in the Baltic Sea by NATO...
AP News
How Much Does Renti ng a Private Jet in 2025 Cost? The Pric...
Private Jet
Advertisement:
Learn More
Revolutionary Quiet Clock Wows Las Vegas [Read]
Digital Wall Clock
Advertisement:
Read More
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Play Now
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet:Advertisement
Get Offer
Game shows what the world without US military interventions would look like
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/marlins-blue-jays-score-aaf8bb4e4e737ee953fa80fb807dd25c 
 ----- 
