 MENU
My Picks
Miami Marlins vs Toronto Blue Jays Prediction MLB Picks 9/28/24
Home  MLB Picks
 Andrew Jett  September 27, 2024 11:44 pm
Toronto Blue Jays (73-85) vs Miami Marlins (58-100)
Game Info: Saturday, September 28, 2024 at 3:07 pm (Rogers Centre)
Yariel Rodriguez (1-7) (4.46) vs Xzavion Curry (4-7) (4.44)
Betting Odds: Toronto Blue Jays -167 / Miami Marlins +141 --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: BALLY

The Miami Marlins and the Toronto Blue Jays meet Saturday in MLB action from Rogers Centre. Here’s a Miami Marlins vs Toronto Blue Jays prediction. This will be the second installment in a three-game series. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best Marlins vs Blue Jays pick. We will examine:

The Miami Marlins recent form and player performance

The Toronto Blue Jays recent form and player performance

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Miami Marlins

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Toronto Blue Jays

Recent betting trends in games played between the Marlins and Blue Jays

A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for the Marlins vs Blue Jays game

Miami Marlins Betting Preview

Miami played the Minnesota Twins this week. The Marlins lost 8-3 Wednesday but won the other two games. On Friday versus Toronto, Miami rolled to a 15-5 win.

Starter for Saturday will be Xzavion Curry. This year Curry is 1-2 with a 5.02 ERA in 15 games (four starts). Curry is 4-7 with a 4.44 ERA in 58 career games (15 starts).

Toronto Blue Jays Betting Preview

Over on the Blue Jays’ side, they played the Boston Red Sox in their last set. Toronto lost the first pair before a 6-1 win in the finale. On Friday the Jays gave up 17 team hits in the defeat.

Yariel Rodriguez will start for the Blue Jays on Saturday. So far Rodriguez is 1-7 with a 4.41 ERA in the first 20 starts of his career.

Total Runs Facts
Ten of the Marlins' last 11 games against American League opponents have gone OVER the total runs line.
Each of the Blue Jays' last four day games after playing the previous day have gone UNDER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Blue Jays' last four day games against National League opponents.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Marlins' last three games.
Toronto Blue Jays Player Prop Facts
Vladimir Guerrero Jr. has recorded at least one Single in each of the Blue Jays' last five games against opponents that held a losing record.
Ernie Clement has hit a home run in each of his last three home appearances against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Alejandro Kirk has recorded at least one total base in each of his last 14 home appearances.
George Springer has scored at least one run in each of the Blue Jays' last four home games against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Vladimir Guerrero Jr. has recorded at least one RBI in four of the Blue Jays' last five day games against opponents that held a losing record.
Alejandro Kirk has recorded at least one hit in each of his last 14 appearances at Rogers Centre.
Miami Marlins Player Prop Facts
Otto Lopez has recorded at least one Single in each of his last six appearances against AL opponents that held a losing record.
Jonah Bride has hit at least one home run in each of the Marlins' last two games against opponents that held a losing record.
Jonah Bride has recorded two or more total bases in each of the Marlins' last six road games.
Jake Burger has recorded a Double in each of the Marlins' last three road games against AL opponents.
Jake Burger has recorded at least one RBI in five of the Marlins' last six games against AL opponents.
Jonah Bride has recorded at least one hit in each of his last eight appearances against AL opponents.
Jake Burger has scored a run in each of the Marlins' last four road games against AL East opponents.
Miami Marlins vs Toronto Blue Jays Prediction

I’ll lean toward the Jays. Probably not touching it, though. Rodriguez took a loss in his last outing versus the Rays, posting three earned in 4.0 innings. In his two previous games however, Rodriguez notched just two earned over 9.1 innings total.

On Friday the Blue Jays were down 9-4 by the end of the fourth, then gave up five more runs in the seventh inning. Toronto gave up 14 earned runs by the end of the seventh in a rough pitching outing. I like the Jays to bounce back Saturday, but I’m not going near it.

Andrew’s Pick
Toronto Blue Jays -167
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: ANDREW JETT
Andrew has been writing about college, professional, and fantasy sports betting since 2013.
Follow Andrew Jett on Twitter @PickDawgzAndrew
TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-28/miami-marlins-vs-toronto-blue-jays-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
