Skip to content
Subscribe Now
73°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Palisades fire shoots up to 17,200 acres — 1,000 structures destroyed
SPORTSMLBNews
Dodgers blank Padres, forcing winner-take-all Game 5 in National League Division Series
Los Angeles Dodgers Shohei Ohtani hits an RBI single against the San Diego Padres during Game 4 of the NLDS at Petco Park on Wednesday, Oct. 9, 2024. (Photo by K.C. Alfred / The San Diego Union-Tribune)
By KEVIN ACEE | kevin.acee@sduniontribune.com | The San Diego Union-Tribune
UPDATED: October 10, 2024 at 5:36 AM PST

Things change in the playoffs at a speed that can cause whiplash and test the heart of a team and toy with the hearts of its fans.

Every at-bat sends a packed ballpark from elated to deflated. Every result swings the perceived advantage radically.

So it was Wednesday. In front of yet another record crowd at Petco Park, the Padres on Wednesday went from needing to win one of two games to needing to win or go home.

They will have to play the National League Division Series to its fullest extent after an 8-0 loss to the Dodgers, who used eight relievers to stymie them and even the series at two games apiece.

“I’m already excited for Friday,” Padres manager Mike Shildt said. “How fun is that going to be? Missed opportunity, chance to close it out. Didn’t. Move on. Play Game 5. Winner take it.”

Friday’s game, set to begin at 5:08 p.m. PT at Dodger Stadium, will decide which team hosts the Mets in the NL Championship Series.

“It’s a one-game season from here on out,” Jake Croneworth said. “I think this group has done an incredible job all year. If we had a tough loss, forgetting about, focusing on the next game and making the next one the most important.”

The experiment of Dylan Cease starting on short rest did not go well, though that did not necessarily have anything to do with his pitching four days after his previous start.

It is possible the Dodgers simply found the hard-throwing right-hander every bit as hittable as they had in Game 1 on Saturday.

“I liked how the ball was coming out of my hand,” Cease said. “… I felt good out there.”

Cease faced 10 batters, got half of them out and allowed two runs before giving way to Bryan Hoeing and having another run score.

Suddenly, it was a bullpen game for both teams.

Playing from behind, that did not go well for the Padres.

“Good relievers and executing their pitches,” Xander Bogaerts said. “Some really tough at-bats tonight. We had to grind for our pitches. They came in with that reliever mindset. … They executed perfectly, all of them.”

That the night would go as it did was not entirely surprising.

The Dodgers’ bullpen ranked among the best in the major leagues, and along with a strong Braves bullpen in the wild-card series has rendered Padres bats largely impotent.

The Padres scored plenty in their first five playoff games. They just had not done much of it against relief pitchers.

Of their 30 postseason runs, just seven were achieved against relief pitchers. Of their 42 hits, just 13 were against relievers. That was despite having 20 more at-bats in 25⅓ more innings against opposing relievers than against starters.

The Padres entered Wednesday batting .149 against relievers, which included their going 0-for-9 in their 10-2 victory in Game 3 on Tuesday.

“It’s a part of the game,” David Peralta said. “It’s postseason. They have a good bullpen.”

Two Dodgers relievers retired the first five Padres batters on Wednesday, and it was 3-0 by that point.

Cease, who on Saturday at Dodger Stadium allowed five runs in 3⅓ innings, was making his first start on three days’ rest.

Shildt was adamant before the game about Cease’s fitness for the task. He was just as decisive when opting to move on from Cease, who came out firing with a 99.6 mph fastball for a strike but almost right away demonstrated a lack of command, which is usually what determines whether he is virtually unhittable or can be waited out.

After retiring Shohei Ohtani on a groundout to second base, Ohtani’s 10th out in 11 at-bats after beginning the series 2-for-3 with a home run, Cease sent a 2-2 fastball down the middle that cleared the wall in left-center field and bounced in the Padres’ bullpen.

The Dodgers were into the Padres bullpen in a figurative sense a short while later. And only fleetingly the rest of the night did the crowd of 47,773 have reason to wave their gold towels and scream.

Cease began the second inning with an out. Then he walked No.7 hitter Gavin Lux and yielded a single to Kike Hernández. With runners at the corners, he struck out Chris Taylor, who had fouled off two bunt attempts.

Ohtani, up for the third time in the series with two runners on, got his third hit in that situation, sending a first-pitch single through the right side that scored Lux.

That was it for Cease, as Shildt came out of the dugout and brought in Bryan Hoeing.

“I understand right there,” said Cease, who had said he expected to have Wednesday be a “normal” start. “I let on some baseurnners, so (going deeper) wasn’t really an option today. … It was just dependent on results. Unfortunately, the results weren’t there today.”

Hoeing’s first pitch was sent on a soft line through the right side by Betts, bringing in Hernández.

Hoeing ended the inning on a comebacker by Teoscar Hernández.

A pair of two-out hits by the Padres broke the run of 14 consecutive outs they had made against Dodgers relief pitchers and made it so left-hander Anthony Banda was finished after one inning.

But the Dodgers scored twice in the top of the third — on a leadoff double by Max Muncy and homer by Will Smith — and Dodgers manager Dave Roberts went right to the back of his bullpen to try to make sure the Padres stayed down.

It worked.

Michael Kopech, who throws 100 mph and is generally protecting leads in the eighth or ninth inning, got through the third allowing just a two-out double by Fernando Tatis Jr.

Left-hander Alex Vesia began the fourth, retired Manny Machado, Jackson Merrill and Bogaerts in order, and came back out for the fifth.

The two left-handers that began the inning reached base to start the inning — Peralta with his second single and Cronenworth with a walk — before Kyle Higashioka struck out. With Evan Phillips warming, waiting to face Tatis, Luis Arraez flied out to right field.

Phillips came in and ended the inning by getting Tatis on a fly ball to center field and then got through Machado, Profar and Merrill on six pitches in the sixth.

For a while, the relievers that followed Hoeing were highly effective.

RELATED ARTICLES
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
Family of MLB pitcher Tyler Skaggs, Angels battle over cell phones as wrongful death trial looms
SF Giants agree with Justin Verlander on one-year contract: report
Adrián Morejón got the final two outs of the third, got through the fourth with help from Machado and third base umpire Mark Ripperger, and got an out into the fifth.

The fourth ended on a hit down the third base line that Machado deflected and Rippergere had go off his hand, which was outstretched signaling fair ball.  That stopped the ball, which Machado picked up and threw home to get Ohtani.

Jeremiah Estrada replaced Morejon, finished the fifth and left runners at first and second with two outs for Alek Jacob in the sixth. Jakob got Betts to pop up to first base to end the inning.

A hit batter, an error by Bogaerts and a sacrifice bunt gave the Dodgers a 6-0 lead before Jacob was replaced by Wandy Peralta, who immediately surrendered a two-run homer to Lux.

Cronenworth’s two-out triple off Daniel Hudson in the seventh inning, singles by Arraez and Profar against Blake Treinen in the eighth and Bogaerts’ single off Landon Knack in the ninth ran the Padres’ hit total to seven.

Machado was defiant about the struggles against relievers.

“It’s hit or miss,” he said. “We’ve walked off the best closers in the games. It’s irrelevant, honestly. It really is. We didn’t hit, we didn’t get runs across the board, and that’s what it really was. … You’ve got to hit the ball, you’ve got to score runs. That’s the name of the game. We just didn’t do that today. They’re a good team over there. And they’ve been doing it all year, and we just didn’t execute when we had a couple opportunities.”

The Padres’ bags were laid out in front of their locker after the game. They would board buses a short while later for the trip to Los angeles. They will work out at Dodger Stadium on Thursday afternoon.

“Put this aside and go out there and get ready for Game 5 and compete,” Machado said. “Like we’ve been doing all year.”

Originally Published: October 10, 2024 at 4:57 AM PST
Around the Web
Removing Moles & Skin Tags Has Never Been This Easy
TopStoryZone
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Experts Reveal Best Roof Type for Nevada Homes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Joint Pain? Doctor Says Do This First Thing Each Morning (Simple)
Instaflex
Women Everywhere Are Loving This Grandma-designed Bra!
Yifare
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Revolutionary Device Ends Neuropathy Suffering Overnight
2025 Neuropathy Guide
Nevada New Windows Available if You Own a Home in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy Is Taking Las Vegas by Storm!
Rechol
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Ribili
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
Always Place a Toilet Paper Roll Under the Toilet Seat at Night, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Discover The Perfect Cordless Table Lamp for Your Las Vegas Home
Ribili
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive | Search Ads
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From The Store
learnitwise
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Cher's Son is Probably the Most Handsome Man to Ever Exist
learnitwise
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Las Vegas Drivers Rave About Nighttime Headlight Glasses
Ribili
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
Las Vegas: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Hairloss After 40 Linked to 1 Common Thing (Stop Doing This)
WG Hair Restore
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Your Car Insurance Too Expensive? Do This!
Policy Wagon
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Dumbfounded!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Here’s How Much You Should Pay for Affordable Gutter Guards
LeafFilter Partner
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
If You Have Vertigo Dizziness, Watch This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Lymph Fluid & Excessive Swelling? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Edema
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
10 Foods You Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Medical Expert Found a Way to Wipe out Lung Mucus, Phlegm, Tar
WellnessGaze Lung Health
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Urologist: Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Prostate
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Las Vegas: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
15 Worst Foods You Can't Eat at Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
In historic deal, Point Reyes ranchers, National Park Service and environmentalists reach agreement on disputed land
Map: Eaton Fire evacuation near Pasadena
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
Tom Hanks’ son: Palisades fire burning family’s neighborhood ‘to the ground’
Los Angeles fires: Catastrophic weather conditions drive firestorms across Southern California
Ben Affleck finds mansion survived Palisades fire while Billy Crystal and John Goodman mourn their losses
Map: Sunset Fire evacuation lifted in Hollywood Hills
Map: Where the Sunset fire is burning in the Hollywood Hills
Contra Costa DA won’t charge Orinda man who killed unarmed driver during road-rage attack
Cupertino hotel near famed Apple office hub lurches into loan default
Map: Palisades Fire evacuation zone is expanded

TRENDING NATIONALLY
5 dead in California fire as it explodes to 10,600 acres — 100 structures burned
Jimmy Carter federal holiday: What’s open, what’s closed Jan. 9 for National Day of Mourning
Gas and weed and go? Judge says Florida regulators were OK nipping plan in the bud
Tattoo artist sentenced to federal prison for buying and selling stolen body parts
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
MORE IN MLB
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
Family of MLB pitcher Tyler Skaggs, Angels battle over cell phones as wrongful death trial looms
2024
October
10
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2024/10/10/dodgers-blank-padres-forcing-winner-take-all-game-5-of-national-league-division-series/ 
 ----- 
