Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Watch Baltimore Orioles Icon Work Camden Yards Splash Zone for First Time
The Baltimore Orioles have had several “guest splashers” this season, none more legendary to O’s fans than Friday’s guest.
Matthew Postins | Sep 7, 2024
Sep 6, 2024; Baltimore, Maryland, USA; National Baseball Hall of Fame member Cal Ripken reacts while spraying spectators with water in the Bird Bath during the third inning of the game between the Baltimore Orioles and the Tampa Bay Rays at Oriole Park at Camden Yards. / Tommy Gilligan-Imagn Images
In this story:
Baltimore Orioles

It was Friday night. The Tampa Bay Rays were in town. The Baltimore Orioles were locked in a race to win the American League East against the New York Yankees. Pitcher Dean Kremer took a no-hitter into the seventh inning.

What could have made the evening better? Cal Ripken Jr. Baseball’s “Ironman” always makes things better, right?

He was at Friday night’s game at Oriole Park at Camden Yards. But he wasn’t in a customary seat down the first-base line befitting a member of the team’s ownership group.

No, Ripken was working the crowd in the outfield and serving as the “guest splasher” in section 86, also called the “splash zone.”

A month ago the Orioles teased Ripken’s first appearance as the guest splasher in a social media video. When he was asked to handle those duties, Ripken replied, “Finally. Can I bring my own hose?”

Well, he didn’t need his own hose. But he made quite the entrance in section 86 when it was his time to, well, splash.

Wearing one of Baltimore’s City Connect jerseys, he took a friendship bracelet from an Orioles fan and put it on before he assumed his splash duties. Alongside Mr. Splash, Ripken handled dousing the crowd with water, as is customary in the splash zone.

One fan held up a custom-made sign, made to look like the countdown Baltimore used when Ripken broke Lou Gehrig’s consecutive games played record. It said, “Cal’s Splash Zone Streak” and had a “1” underneath.

He is at least the third notable guest splasher this year. New Orioles owner David Rubenstein handled the duties in May, shortly after he assumed majority ownership of the franchise. He now owns 100% of the team.

In June, Orioles fan and Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Joan Jett threw out the first pitch and served as the guest splasher when she was in town for a pair of shows at Columbia’s Merriweather Post Pavilion as part of her tour with Alanis Morissette and Morgan Wade.

Ripken is a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame, the Baltimore Orioles Hall of Fame, the Major League Baseball All-Century Team and had his No. 8 retired by the team.

As a player, he spent his entire 21-year career with the Orioles, where early in his career he won the 1982 American League Rookie of the Year award and helped the franchise win its most recent World Series title in 1983.

But he is best known best to baseball fans as the game’s ironman, as he played in a MLB-record 2,632 games, breaking the record previously held by Gehrig.

By the end of his career he was a 19-time All-Star, a two-time American League MVP, a two-time AL Gold Glove winner, an eight-time Silver Slugger, and the 1992 Roberto Clemente Award winner. He finished his career with 3,184 hits, 431 home runs, and 1,695 RBI.

Published Sep 7, 2024
MATTHEW POSTINS

Matthew Postins covers baseball for several SI/Fan Nation sites, including Inside the Orioles. He also covers the Big 12 for HeartlandCollegeSports.com and Rodeo for Rodeodaily.com.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/orioles/news/watch-baltimore-orioles-icon-work-camden-yards-splash-zone-for-first-time 
 ----- 
