Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Days after injury scare, 'determined' Kremer takes no-no into 7th
Share
Days after injury scare, 'determined' Kremer takes no-no into 7th
September 7th, 2024

Jake Rill

@JakeDRill
Share
;

6 SECONDS REMAINING

BALTIMORE -- Six days after being struck by a 103.1 mph liner, Dean Kremer’s right forearm still had imprints of the seams from the baseball that hit him at Coors Field. The swelling in his right hand had finally subsided in the few days prior, although marks from the injury remained.

“It hurt, but what are you going to do?” Kremer said. “It hurt, and it’s stiff now, but it is what it is.”

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

The discomfort for the 28-year-old right-hander wasn’t apparent Friday night, when not only did he make his next scheduled start, but he nearly had a chance to make his own mark on the Orioles’ record books -- or at least it seemed possible for a while.

Kremer took a no-hit bid into the seventh inning of a masterful outing in Baltimore’s 2-0 series-opening win over Tampa Bay at Camden Yards. The righty racked up seven strikeouts and cruised for the majority of his six-plus frames, recording 17 whiffs (one shy of his career high) and helping the O’s (82-60) preserve their half-game lead over the Yankees (81-60) atop the American League East standings.

There had been some uncertainty regarding when Kremer would pitch again. After he exited his previous outing vs. the Rockies in the fourth inning, a trip to the injured list seemed nearly inevitable, considering the giant lump that immediately emerged on his forearm.

“I give him a ton of credit,” manager Brandon Hyde said. “A lot of guys would have asked for a few more days or sat this one out. He’s still got seams on his wrist. But yeah, he was determined from about that second or third day after he got back off the trip.”

Related
Who made the O's All-Quarter-Century team?

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

12:38 AM UTC

Orioles avoid arbitration with 10 of 11 eligible players

January 10th, 2025

O's limping as AL East race becomes a sprint

September 1st, 2024

O's seeking more rotation help for postseason push

July 21st, 2024

At that point, Kremer had gotten back to throwing, and he had a side session on Wednesday, at which point Hyde said the team was “50-50” on whether Kremer would start Friday. He played catch at Camden Yards on Thursday’s off-day, which made the O’s comfortable enough to send him out to face the Rays.

Kremer never viewed his status as in doubt.

“After it had gotten examined and we ruled out a fracture when we got back home, I was fairly confident that I’d be able to make my next start,” Kremer said.

Kremer was in control for most of his 88-pitch, two-hit gem. He retired 16 of the first 20 batters he faced, working around a trio of walks and a hit-by-pitch. Every offering in his vast arsenal was generating swing-and-miss, including his four-seam fastball (six whiffs), splitter (five), cutter (four) and curveball (two).

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“We've always had our fits with him,” Tampa Bay manager Kevin Cash said of Kremer, who has a 2.31 ERA in seven career starts vs. the Rays. “He's got a good cutter/slider going. He's kind of developed the split, or if he's had it, he's got more confidence with it right now.”

Tampa Bay ended Kremer’s pursuit of history in the seventh, which Junior Caminero opened with a single. Dylan Carlson followed with a single, and then the Rays loaded the bases with no outs via first baseman Ryan O’Hearn’s error on a Josh Lowe grounder, prompting Kremer’s exit.

But Kremer’s scoreless line was preserved by right-hander Yennier Cano, who entered and retired three consecutive Tampa Bay batters to get Baltimore out of the jam unscathed.

“We noticed around the fourth inning or so that he had a no-hitter going, and we all got real quiet in the bullpen,” Cano said via O’s team interpreter Brandon Quinones. “He gave up a hit there in that inning, but we wanted to keep the shutout going. ...

“We’re really happy with the way he pitched, and really happy we were able to get the job done.”

Cionel Pérez (two-thirds of an inning) and Seranthony Domínguez (four-out save) preserved the shutout for the Orioles, who scored their runs on Jackson Holliday’s sac fly in the fifth and Gunnar Henderson’s leadoff homer in the sixth (his 36th home run of the season).

Baltimore’s banged-up rotation likely couldn’t have afforded to lose Kremer, who missed a little more than two months due to a right triceps strain earlier this year. Grayson Rodriguez (right lat/teres strain) remains on the IL, while Kyle Bradish, John Means and Tyler Wells underwent season-ending UCL surgeries in June.

Kremer knows what it’s like to pitch in these meaningful games in September after helping to lead the O’s to the AL East title last season, and he’s ready to do it again.

“Coming down the stretch, every game is important, especially against interdivision,” Kremer said. “We’re just trying to go out there and win every game.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Baltimore Orioles
Dean Kremer

Jake Rill covers the Orioles for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

Sizing up free-agent market as new year begins

January 1st, 2025

The top 10 bloopers of 2024, ranked

December 30th, 2024

Every team's largest contracts by total value

December 28th, 2024

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/dean-kremer-takes-no-hitter-into-7th-against-rays 
 ----- 
