 MENU
My Picks
Tampa Bay Rays vs Baltimore Orioles Prediction MLB Picks 9/6/24
Home  MLB Picks
 David Racey  September 5, 2024 11:10 pm
Baltimore Orioles (81-60) vs Tampa Bay Rays (69-71)
Game Info: Friday, September 6, 2024 at 7:05 pm (Oriole Park at Camden Yards)
Cole Irvin (6-5) (4.74) vs Shane Baz (2-2) (3.49)
Betting Odds: Baltimore Orioles -130 / Tampa Bay Rays +110 --- Over/Under: 8.5 Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: MLB.tv

In this article, we will formulate a Tampa Bay Rays vs Baltimore Orioles prediction for this MLB game on Friday, September 6th at Camden Yards in Baltimore, Maryland. To formulate this prediction for game one in the series, we will examine:

The Rays' recent form and recent player performance 
The Orioles' recent form and recent play performance
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Tampa Bay
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Baltimore
Recent betting trends in games played between Tampa Bay and Baltimore
A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for Today’s Game between Tampa Bay and Baltimore
Tampa Bay Rays Betting Preview

The Tampa Bay Rays are 69-71 this year and they have won two of their last three games. Tampa Bay is coming off of a series split with Minnesota, where they won two games and lost two games. Prior to that series, the Rays lost two out of three against the Padres, lost two out of three against the Mariners, and lost two out of three against the Dodgers. Tampa Bay is 5-9 in their last 14 games and they are fourth in the AL East. 

The Tampa Bay pitching staff has a 3.95 ERA, a 1.23 WHIP, and a .241 opponent batting average. The Rays offense has scored 545 runs with a .231 batting average and a .306 on-base percentage. Yandy Diaz is batting .278 with 13 home runs and 62 RBI’s for the Rays this season. 

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers
Baltimore Orioles Betting Preview

The Baltimore Orioles are 81-60 this season and they have won three of their last four games. Baltimore is coming off of a series win against the White Sox, where they won two out of three games. Prior to that series, the Orioles won two out of three against the Rockies, lost two out of three against the Dodgers, and split four games with the Astros. Baltimore is 5-4 in their last nine games and they are first in the AL East. 

The Baltimore pitching staff has a 3.93 ERA, a 1.24 WHIP, and a .238 opponent batting average. The Orioles' offense has scored 707 runs with a .252 batting average and a .318 on-base percentage. Gunnar Henderson is batting .280 with 35 home runs and 84 RBI’s for the Orioles this season. 

Starting Pitchers

The projected starting pitcher for Tampa Bay is Shane Baz, who is 2-2 with a 3.49 ERA and a 1.29 WHIP over 49.0 innings pitched this season. Baz has allowed a total of two earned runs in his last two starts (12.2 IP). The projected starting pitcher for Baltimore is Cole Irvin, who is 6-5 with a 4.74 ERA and a 1.40 WHIP over 106.1 innings pitched this year. Irvin has allowed two earned runs or fewer in four straight outings, all of which have been 4.1 innings or shorter. 

Why the Orioles will beat the Rays
The Rays have lost each of their last six Friday night games against AL East opponents that held a winning record.
The Orioles have won six of their last seven games following a home loss.
The Orioles have covered the run line in nine of their last 10 games against the Rays.
The Rays have failed to cover the run line in seven of their last eight games against AL East opponents following a home loss.
Total Runs Facts
Each of the Orioles' last four games against American League opponents has gone OVER the total runs line.
Five of the Rays' last six road games against AL East opponents have gone OVER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Rays' last four road games against American League opponents.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Orioles' last three home games.
Baltimore Orioles Player Prop Facts
Adley Rutschman has recorded at least one Single in each of his last six appearances at Oriole Park at Camden Yards against opponents that held a losing record.
Gunnar Henderson has scored at least one run in each of his last six appearances at Oriole Park at Camden Yards against AL opponents that held a losing record.
Gunnar Henderson has recorded at least one RBI in each of the Orioles' last five games against AL East opponents at Oriole Park at Camden Yards.
Anthony Santander has recorded at least one total base in each of the Orioles' last eight home games against AL East opponents that held a losing record.
Gunnar Henderson has hit a home run in three of the Orioles' last four home games against opponents that held a losing record.
Anthony Santander has recorded a Double in three of the Orioles' last four night games.
Ramon Urias has recorded at least one hit in each of his last eight appearances against the Rays after not playing the previous day.
Tampa Bay Rays Player Prop Facts
Jose Siri has recorded a hit in each of his last nine road appearances against AL opponents that held a winning record.
Yandy Diaz has hit a home run in three of his last four appearances in night games.
Yandy Diaz has recorded at least one RBI in four of his last five appearances in night games.
Josh Lowe has recorded at least one Single in seven of the Rays' last eight night games.
Jose Siri has scored a run in three of his last four appearances after playing the previous day.
Jose Siri has recorded at least one total base in each of his last nine road appearances against AL opponents that held a winning record.
Tampa Bay Rays vs Baltimore Orioles Prediction 

Baltimore comes into this series battling the Yankees in the AL East and there are only a few weeks left in the season, so every game is important. The Orioles are 41-31 at home this year, while the Rays are 32-33 on the road. Tampa Bay has one of the lowest scoring lineups in the MLB and even though I don’t love Cole Irvin, any team is going to struggle to beat Baltimore if they can’t score 4-5 runs. Take the Orioles to win game one. 

David’s Pick
Orioles ML
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: DAVID RACEY
David will find the winners to make you a profit. David uses full season statistics, with an emphasis on recent results, to find the best value. Follow David on Twitter @itsyerboi41

TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-06/tampa-bay-rays-vs-baltimore-orioles-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
