Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
TOP SOCCER
<
Full Scoreboard »
>
Serie A
38'
CAG
0
INT
0
FT
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
PAR
2
MON
1
7:45 PM UTC
LAZ
ATA
CHAN Qualifying
FT
ZAM
3
MOZ
0
2nd Leg
Agg. 6-0
4:00 PM UTC
CMR
CTA
4:00 PM UTC
NGA
GHA
4:00 PM UTC
GNB
GUI
4:00 PM UTC
BKA
CIV
4:00 PM UTC
RWA
SSD
4:30 PM UTC
ANG
LES
5:00 PM UTC
SEN
LBR
Menu
ESPN
Log In

NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!

	Soccer
News
Scores
Schedule
Transfers
USWNT
USMNT
Leagues & Cups
Tables
Teams
More
Debutant Maarten Paes goes from villain to saviour on famous evening for Indonesia
On his Indonesia debut, Maarten Paes made a crucial save from a penalty he had conceded to earn his side a remarkable 1-1 draw against powerhouses Saudi Arabia in the Asian qualifiers for the 2026 FIFA World Cup. Asian Football Confederation
Gabriel Tan
Sep 5, 2024, 05:15 PM ET
Share
Like
Open Extended Reactions
11

As he made his international bow as part of an underdog outfit in the daunting cauldron that is Jeddah's 62,345-capacity King Abdullah Sports City Stadium, Maarten Paes would have been fearing the worst as the Asian qualifier for the 2026 FIFA World Cup between Saudi Arabia and Indonesia approached its climax.

With 13 minutes remaining in Thursday's Group C tie and the scores tied at 1-1, there appeared to be little danger as Paes -- who was only cleared to represent Indonesia a fortnight ago after representing Netherlands at age-group level -- received a backpass inside his own area and began to assess the options ahead of him.

Failing to see anything he immediately fancied, he held on to possession for a while longer -- and that is when calamity ensued for the FC Dallas goalkeeper.

EDITOR'S PICKS
Indonesia tie now 'huge' for Socceroos after shock defeat
114dJoey Lynch
With blockbuster display, Japan might have found a way to fit all their A-listers into one cast
113dGabriel Tan
The 18 teams contesting the third round of Asian qualifiers for the World Cup
114dGabriel Tan

In a blink of an eye, Saudi Arabia striker Firas Al-Buraikan had not only closed him down but made full use of his lanky frame to nip in and win possession.

With a half-reflex, half-desperate attempt, Paes swung out a leg of his own only to hack Al-Buraikan down and concede a penalty.

In his debut for Indonesia, who he qualified to play for through his grandmother, the 26-year-old appeared destined to play the role of villain -- the culprit behind an inevitable defeat against far more illustrious opposition on an evening that had started promisingly for the plucky Indonesians.

For Indonesia, sitting 133rd on the world rankings and 77 places below Saudi Arabia, were never expected to get anything out of Thursday's contest and yet, remarkably, found themselves ahead after 19 minutes when Ragnar Oratmangoen's speculative effort ricocheted off teammate Sandy Walsh before finding the back of the net.

Somehow, Indonesia were leading -- away to Saudi Arabia, who famously pulled off a 2-1 win over eventual champions Argentina at the last World Cup.

The hosts were always going to issue a response yet, even when they did equalise just before halftime with a deflected strike of their own via Musab Al-Juwayr, Indonesia were still on course for a memorable draw.

The fact that it seemed as though it was going to be an individual error, rather than a moment of quality from the opponents, that would snatch the result from their grasp would have made for a bitter pill to swallow.

An individual error from a foreign-born player with excellent credentials, who Indonesian fans would have imagined would be coming into the team to help win games rather than lose them.

Paes, however, had other ideas.

Stepping up to take the penalty Paes had conceded was Saudi Arabia's talismanic captain Salem Al-Dawsari, the continent's Player of the Year in 2022 who had scored in that stunning triumph over Argentina.

Up till that point, Al-Dawsari had been the Green Falcons' best player and was the one who initially sparked them when they had fallen behind.

If there was anyone who was going to handle the pressure, it would be the Al Hilal man.

But in spite of Al-Dawsari's stuttering run-up, with a brief but deliberate pause that usually does the trick with most goalkeepers, Paes refused to commit.

He stood tall -- almost as if he was welcoming the mind games -- and, ultimately, would be the one to produce the clutch moment as he eventually threw his body to the left to make the save when Al-Dawsari had finally decided to fire a shot away.

Having gone from villain to hero, Paes would then elevate himself to saviour status with another brilliant stop in injury-time to deny Al-Buraikan one-on-one as Indonesia, in the end, did come away with a draw that will live long in the memory.

And despite the desperate manner in which they achieved it, Indonesia were arguably good value for the result.

Although Saudi Arabia enjoyed the upper hand in possession, the visitors were largely well organised throughout the 90 minutes and also offered a threat of their own.

Even deep into injury-time, they still looked to break forward in search of a winner of their own which, in hindsight, might have been rather rash and naïve given how big a result a draw already was.

Among the recent additions to Indonesia's ranks, Jay Idzes -- handed the captain's armband in only his fourth cap -- was a monumental presence marshalling the defence, while the likes of Oratmangoen and Nathan Tjoe-A-On ran themselves into the ground.

Still, as he singlehandedly reversed his own fortunes through sheer nerves of steel, the night -- one that Indonesian football will cherish for quite some time -- definitely belonged to one man: the villain-turned-saviour Paes.

Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyYour US State Privacy RightsChildren's Online Privacy PolicyInterest-Based AdsAbout Nielsen MeasurementDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationContact UsDisney Ad Sales SiteWork for ESPNCorrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/story/_/id/41138738/debutant-maarten-paes-villain-saviour-famous-evening-indonesia 
 ----- 
