Subscribe
SPORTS

Nepal defeat US in super over, win T20 series 2-0
#Nepal’s US tour KATHMANDU, Oct 20: Nepal defeated the US in a super over in the second T20 match held under the bilateral series between the two countries. With the win, Nepal has also won the series 2-0, before the third and last match is played.
Share
Resize
Listen
By No Author
October 20, 2024 at 5:45 AM

KATHMANDU, Oct 20: Nepal defeated the US in a super over in the second T20 match held under the bilateral series between the two countries. With the win, Nepal has also won the series 2-0, before the third and last match is played.




In the match held at Grand Prairie Stadium, Dallas, the visitors defeated the hosts in super over, after both the teams were tied at 170 runs at the end of 20 overs each. 




Sompal Kami defended 7 runs in the last over, to take the match to super over. Kami took 2 wickets and gave away only 6 runs. He came back again to restrict the hosts to just 2 runs in the super over, also taking 2 consecutive wickets.




Captain Rohit Paudel scored 3 runs in the one-over eliminator, to record a historic series win for the country against the US at their home turf. 



RELATED STORY
Nepal gears up preparations for Friendship Cup triangular T20 s...




Earlier, Nepal had posted 170 runs at the loss of 6 wickets in the full quota of 20 overs, having decided to bat first after winning the toss.




Kushal Bhurtel was the top scorer for the visitors, scoring 92 not out from 54 balls. He also won the man-of-the-match award for his feat. Opener Anil Shah scored 25 in 31 balls while Gulshan Jha and captain Rohit Paudel scored 19 and 18 runs, respectively.




For the home team, Jasdeep Singh and Nosthush Kenjige took 2 wickets each. Saurab Netravalkar took one wicket.




Chasing 171 runs for a win, Aaron Jones top scored with 62 runs to take his team to almost a win. However, he was out in the second last ball of the match, while trying to clear the boundary for a win. Saiteja Mukkamalla contributed 47 runs. Milind Kumar and Shayan Jahangir scored 15 and 14 runs, respectively.




For the visitors, Karan KC took 3 wickets, Sompal Kami took 2 wickets while Dipendra Singh Airee and Sagar Dhakal took 1 wicket each.




Prior to this, Nepal had defeated the hosts by 17 runs in the first T20 match held under the series last Friday. Nepal had scored 164 runs in the first match. The third and final match of the series will be held on October 21, before the triangular series also involving Scotland under the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup League 2 begins.




Led by Rohit Paudel, Nepal 11 included Anil Shah, Aasif Sheikh, Kushal Bhurtel, Gulshan Jha, Aarif Sheikh, Dipendra Singh Airee, Karan KC, Sompal Kami, Rijan Dhakal and Sagar Dhakal.




 

Share
Related Stories
SPORTS
Nepal-Malaysia T20 Women’s Series: Nepal beats Mal...
SPORTS
Nepal-Malaysia T20 Women’s Series: Nepal beat Mala...
SPORTS
Nepal under pressure to win today's match to remai...
SPORTS
Quadrangular T20 Series: Nepal restricts Ireland t...
SPORTS
15-member Nepal National Cricket team announced fo...
Republica watch

Sachin Pariyar: The boy whose innocence became a s...

#Obituary
SUBSCRIBER ONLY

From Struggle to Success: Mandira’s Bara and Yomar...

SUBSCRIBER ONLY

Negligent surgeries leave women in Nepal with life...

More in Politics
POLITICS
RSP at crossroads as calls grow for Mukul Dhakal’s reinstatement

In a letter written on Tuesday, Timsina clearly stated that he had withdrawn his signature from the decision to expel Mukul. He argued that the RSP is facing its biggest crisis, and the future of alte...

POLITICS
Maoists to put pressure on govt to summon parliament session at t...
POLITICS
Bhandari attends Pokharel’s book launch as chief guest; Oli absen...
POLITICS
Bhandari attends Pokharel’s book launch as chief guest; Oli absen...
POLITICS
PSC proposes 10 pc open, 90 pc promotion-based appointments for J...
POLITICS
PAC Chair Pokharel removes personal secretary amid fraud allegati...
Trending
1
First meteor shower of 2025 to occur tonight
2
Himalaya Airlines plane bound for KTM from Kuwait makes emergen...
3
MCC approves additional $50 million for Nepal to cover increase...
4
PSC proposes raising civil service entry and retirement age
5
Couple returning to Australia meets tragic accident in Bhaktapu...
6
Mayor Balen blames provincial govt for drop in KMC’s revenue
7
How Ferrando, Björk, Grimes, and Musk Are Shaping Posthuman Fut...
8
Earthquake jolts Mugu
9
Crisis-ridden Karnali Development Bank starts returning deposit...
10
China faces new virus outbreak five years after Covid crisis
Op-Ed

How Ferrando, Björk, Grimes, and Musk Are Shaping Po...

BP Koirala: Struggles for Treatment and Concerns for...

The Leadership Labyrinth

Reflections and Lessons on Nepal’s Development Secto...

Society
SOCIETY
Panoramic Photo Exhibition to showcase Mustang’s transformation

The exhibition opens to the public from January 7 to January 14 at the Nepal Art Council, Babar Mahal, Kathmandu, from 11 am to 4 pm.

SOCIETY
Cooperative Crisis
#Commentary
SOCIETY
Committee formed by Health Ministry to improve health in...
SOCIETY
CIB warns: Over 500 numbers active in cyber fraud, stay...
SOCIETY
Couple returning to Australia meets tragic accident in B...
Blogs
BLOG
Significance of Staying Safe Online
BLOG
The Du Fu’s Thatched Cottage: A Cultural Heritage Site
BLOG
Unlocking full potential of Lumbini requires strategic a...
BLOG
Evolving technologies—only sky is the limit
BLOG
On Love and Marriage: Dostoyevsky, BP Koirala, Virginia...
Sports
Nepali cricketer Aarif Sheikh gets married to Shabana Khatoon

Nepali national cricket team batter Aarif Sheikh entered into married life on Thursday. The 26-year-old cricketer from Muli Naya Tole, Birgunj Metropolitan City-12, married Shabana Khatoon, following...

PM Cup women's Sudurpaschim qualifier cricket begins tod...
Nepali cricketer Airee to miss Jay Trophy Men’s Elite Cu...
Janakpur Bolts celebrate NPL victory in Siraha and Sapta...
Australia secure impressive victory in fourth test again...
Politics
Video
Economy
The Week
Lifestyle
Society
Republica Watch
Sports
Blog
Review
Op-Ed
World
Interview
Diaspora Watch
Market
Subscribe
Manage my account
Advertise with us
Give us feedback
Advertise with Us
Contact Us
About Us
Subscribe

Nepal Republic Media Limited © 2024. All right reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms of use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://myrepublica.nagariknetwork.com/news/nepal-defeat-us-in-super-over-win-t20-series-2-0-6714935bd881c.html 
 ----- 
