SKIP NAVIGATION
BREAKING
Stocks making the biggest moves midday: Getty Images, Tesla, Moderna, Shutterstock and more
MARKETS
BUSINESS
INVESTING
TECH
POLITICS
VIDEO
INVESTING CLUB
PRO
LIVESTREAM
Search quotes, news & videos
WATCHLIST
SIGN IN

ASIA ECONOMY
Sold out hotels and spike in beer sales: How the Cricket World Cup could boost India’s economy
PUBLISHED WED, OCT 18 202311:34 PM EDTUPDATED THU, OCT 19 202312:31 AM EDT
Charmaine Jacob
@IN/CHARMAINEMARIAJACOB
@CHARMAINEMJACOB
WATCH LIVE
KEY POINTS
India is once again hosting the Cricket World Cup after more than a decade. But unlike back in 2011, a global spotlight is now shining on the country and it is hosting all 48 matches for the first time.
All five analysts that spoke to CNBC agree that travel, hospitality, food and beverage sales, and media advertising will continue to see a strong demand uptick. 
Spectators react in the crowd during the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup India 2023 between India and Afghanistan at Arun Jaitley Stadium on October 11, 2023 in Delhi, India.
Matt Roberts-icc | Icc | Getty Images

India is once again hosting the Cricket World Cup after more than a decade.

For the first time in cricket history, India will be hosting all 48 matches across 10 different cities — unlike in 2011 when it co-hosted the event with Bangladesh and Sri Lanka.

Cricket is the world’s second most watched sport, behind only soccer.

But in India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Pakistan, it’s the most popular sport which some have even called “a way of life.”

The championship, which runs from Oct. 5 to Nov. 19, is set to boost consumer spending across various sectors, and could even help lift growth in the economy in the December quarter.

“It is difficult to estimate the impact the games will have, but the entire tournament will have a multiplier effect on the country’s economy this quarter,” said Shantanu Bhargava, managing director and head of listed investments at Waterfield Advisors.

Hospitality, food and beverage, and media advertising are some sectors that will likely see strong demand uptick, all five analysts who spoke to CNBC said.

Travel

Demand for domestic and international flights to India surged months before the World Cup began, with die-hard fans snapping up air tickets even before securing seats for the match.

Flight searches to India surged between 110% to 130% in the months leading up to the World Cup, showed data from OTA Insight, a market intelligence platform.

According to travel analytics firm Cirium, there are 787 flights scheduled from Nov. 13 to 19 to Ahmedabad, where the final match will be held at.

The highly-anticipated match between India and Pakistan played out in Ahmedabad last weekend. A record number of 35 million fans tuned in to that match on Saturday, according to the International Cricket Council.

“Whilst it’s hard for the data to reflect the reason the bookings were made, there seems to be a small correlation between the match schedules and number of flights scheduled,” said Lalitya Dhavala, valuations consultant at Cirium. 

The celebrations will grow larger as India progresses further into the finals and more people will host parties.
Avi Mehta
SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, MACQUARIE GROUP

Demand for international flights to India also surged by 15%, particularly prior to the games due to travelers from Australia, the U.K., New Zealand, Sri Lanka and the Netherlands, said Waterfield Advisors’ Bhargava.

Dhavala highlighted that Indian budget air carrier IndiGo, which will operate more than half of all flights to Ahmedabad in the final week of the World Cup, is likely to raise prices. 

Hotels

India’s hospitality industry has experienced unprecedented growth after a strong Covid recovery, and demand continues to outpace supply.

Data from software firm RateGain showed that hotel rates in host cities increased by between 125% to 300% year-on-year in the October to November period. 

Pune, where India will play against Bangladesh later this week, leads the price hikes with hotel prices surging by almost 360%. Hotels in Ahmedabad experienced a 310% rise, according to RateGain. 

WATCH NOW
VIDEO02:55
Hotel demand in India remains ‘very strong’: IHCL

When India played against Pakistan last weekend, prices at Ginger, a hotel chain owned by Indian Hotels Company hit 50,000 rupees ($600). “In ordinary times, it will be one tenth the price and you can easily find a room for 4,000 rupees,” Bhargava said. 

Ticket holders who flew into Ahmedabad for the match even resorted to booking medical procedures in the city’s hospitals so they had somewhere to stay if they could not secure a hotel room, Bhargava said.

“All categories of accommodations from business hotels to Airbnbs were sold out … It’s absolute craziness.”

Food and beverages

Food delivery services, restaurants and mom-and-pop stores will also benefit from the games.

“There is an expectation that food delivery companies will see a boost in this quarter,” said Aditya Suresh, head of equity research for India at Macquarie Group. 

Suresh said food delivery firm Zomato
 saw an increase in transacting users and transaction frequency, and shares have surged by 88% since the beginning of the year, data from LSEG showed.

Alcohol is prohibited from stadiums, but fans catching the match at home or at a restaurant will likely do so with a pint in hand. 

Waitstaff clean their bar in a restaurant in New Delhi, India on September 8, 2020.
Prakash Singh | Afp | Getty Images

“It’s very hard to put a number on how much the sector will grow, but since it’s an occasion where people will get together, we do see an uptick in alcohol sales,” said Avi Mehta, senior research analyst at Macquarie Group. 

“The celebrations will grow larger as India progresses further into the finals and more people will host parties,” Mehta said. “Consumption of alcoholic beverages will also increase in restaurants, but that will be restricted to restaurants that screen the matches.” 

Shares of United Spirits
, which owns Kingfisher — India’s largest selling beer — has gained 23% since the start of the year.

Similarly, Radico Khaitan
, has gained 24% since the beginning of 2023.

“We do expect to see a boost in quick commerce specifically on weekends where there are India matches,” said Shibani Kurian, senior executive vice president and head of equity research at Kotak Mahindra AMC. 

“We must remember that the World Cup coincides with the Diwali season. So the boost in consumption during this period will be seen in the December quarter.”

Diwali is widely celebrated in India. The religious festival typically boosts consumption in food and beverage, textile, electronics and gold.

Media and advertising 

During the last Cricket World Cup in 2019, a global average of 1.6 billion people tuned in. It’s no surprise then that well-known brands like Coca-Cola
 and Booking.com
 are this year’s event sponsors.

According to Bhargava, Disney+ Hotstar, the digital broadcaster of all 48 matches, will amass sponsorship and advertising revenues of $300 million. India’s ICC is expected to garner close to half a billion dollars from this, and 30% of that amount will be given to the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI).

Spectators watch the 2023 ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup one-day international (ODI) match between Australia and Sri Lanka at the Ekana Cricket Stadium in Lucknow on Oct. 16, 2023.
Tauseef Mustafa | Afp | Getty Images

Despite the resounding success in viewership, the BCCI has been under a lot of flak for not managing ticket sales well.

From delayed sales to website glitches — and empty stands at stadiums despite tickets being told they were sold out — many fans have blamed India’s cricket board as well as the International Cricket Council for low attendance during the first few matches.

Some angry fans took to social media to express their rage about not securing seats to the matches, saying that the organization is “a mess” and has “deflated the most exciting cricket event.”

“Organizers in India seem to have dropped the ball on ticket sales. As a cricket fan, it was very tough for me to digest that. There were a lot of empty seats during the opening game between England and New Zealand, and that continued even during some of the India games,”  Bhargava said. 

“A lot of economic activity is linked to people moving around and watching the match in stadiums ... But the multiplier impact of this tournament could get dampened a bit because the ticket sales have seemingly not been managed efficiently.” 

Subscribe to CNBC PRO
Subscribe to Investing Club
Licensing & Reprints
CNBC Councils
Supply Chain Values
CNBC on Peacock
Join the CNBC Panel
Digital Products
News Releases
Closed Captioning
Corrections
About CNBC
Internships
Site Map
Ad Choices
Careers
Help
Contact
News Tips

Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you.

GET IN TOUCH
CNBC Newsletters

Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox

SIGN UP NOW

Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.

Advertise With Us
PLEASE CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
CA Notice
Terms of Service

© 2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. 
A Division of NBCUniversal

Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis.

Market Data Terms of Use and Disclaimers

Data also provided by

Due to the breadth of the advertising ecosystem, a variety of vendors may be used for different campaigns. While NBCUniversal lists all of our potential partners, a smaller selection may be used on any given website. We and our 823 partners collect information from your device, such as device identifiers, IP address, and your browser type to personalize and deliver content, marketing and advertising—across devices and platforms; for analytics and measurement, so we can improve our services and develop new ones; to match and combine offline data with your online activity; and for social features. We share this information with selected partners with your consent. By clicking “I Accept”, you consent to our use of these Cookies. Click Manage Choices to learn more about these. We will also use other Cookies that are essential for our site and Services, including for security and fraud prevention. To learn more about some of our partners select IAB and Google Vendors. You can adjust your preferences at any time via the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of relevant NBCUniversal websites or in-app settings. Visit our Cookie Notice and Privacy Policy to learn more.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
IAB and Google Vendors

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/19/icc-cricket-world-cup-2023-how-it-can-help-boost-indias-economy.html 
 ----- 
