Featured Videos
Facebook
Tweet
Copy
Bangladesh to miss Tamim in Champions Trophy; Sami talks about the advantage of small boundaries in BPL

January 7th 2025, 6:00

Facebook
Tweet
Copy
Litton and Sabbir are giving Shakib nothing but tension; Despite 6 changes, helpless in front of Nahid's

January 7th 2025, 6:00

Facebook
Tweet
Copy
Once again, Nahid's team makes Shakib cry; Controversy over Alauddin's 3 wides, Rangupr's 5th consecutive win

January 7th 2025, 6:00

Facebook
Tweet
Copy
One win could bring the momentum; Everyone's trying, but It's just not happening

January 7th 2025, 6:00

View all
Trending Now
Rashid Khan single handedly demolishes Zimbabwe to hand Afghanistan a superb 72 runs victory
West Indies Team Landed in Pakistan after 18 Years for Test series
Perth Scorchers vs Melbourne Renegades BBL 14 Match 26, Dream 11 Prediction, Fantasy Cricket
Fortune Barishal vs Sylhet Strikers BPL 2024-25 Match 12, Dream 11 Prediction, Fantasy Cricket
Top 5 Run Scorers in Test Cricket from Bangladesh
See All
Recent Series

Date

Series Name

30 Dec - 07 Feb

Bangladesh Premier League

07 Jan - 17 Jan

Pondicherry Masters T10

Players Data

Players Name

Rating

Mominul Haque

7.5

Taijul Islam

6.5

Abul Hasan

7

Mohammad Saifuddin

7

Mashrafe Mortaza

7

Nasir Hossain

8.5

Aminul Islam Biplob

7.5

Qazi Onik

8

Afif Hossain

8

Hasan Mahmud

7.5

Home
Fantasy Cricket
Fantasy Cricket
India vs Bangladesh Match 17, ICC World Cup 2023, Dream 11 Prediction, Fantasy Cricket
Cricket Passion
Editor

Posted - Oct 18, 2023, 4:11 pm

Updated - Oct 18, 2023, 4:11 pm

India Vs Bangladesh
Completed
ODI17th MatchICC Cricket World Cup19-Oct-20238:30 AM

Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium

India
261/3 (41.3)
Bangladesh
256/8 (50)

India won by 7 wickets

Man of the match	Virat Kohli (India)
SUMMARY
SCORECARD
COMMENTARY
STATISTICS
PERFORMANCE
SQUADS
INFO
PHOTOS

India will look to maintain their unbeaten streak in the ongoing ODI Cricket World Cup when they take on Bangladesh on Thursday. The match will be played at the MCA Stadium in Pune and will be a day-night affair.

India will face Bangladesh in the 17th match of the 2023 Cricket World Cup at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune on Thursday afternoon. It has been an excellent start to the tournament for India as the hosts have won three out of three games so far with wins over Australia, Afghanistan and Pakistan. Bangladesh got off to a strong start by beating Bangladesh in the opener but have since been beaten by 137 runs by England in Dharamsala and 8 wickets by New Zealand in Chennai. The game starts at 2:00 p.m. local time.

India have brought the form that won the 2023 Asia Cup last month into this competition and look to be one of the strongest teams at the 2023 Cricket World Cup. Although Bangladesh have a good record against India, the hosts have rarely played against their strongest team and we expect that to change for this game.

Follow google news channel to get news of BDCricTime.

Bangladesh lost a wicket on the first ball of the game against New Zealand and never really recovered to properly challenge the Black Caps in Chennai. Shakib Al Hasan's side will need to produce their best performance of the tournament if they want to take on India in this match.

Match Preview


India will take on Bangladesh in the 17th match of the ICC Cricket World Cup at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune on October 19. India have dominated the game so far, winning all three games and are at the top of the table. Bangladesh have won one of their three games so far and are at seventh place in the rankings.

India faced Pakistan in their final match where India won the toss and elected to field. Actually, Pakistan started well with a solid opening partnership and an 82-run stand for the third wicket, but after the fall of the third wicket they folded like a house of cards. The entire team was bowled out for a modest total of 191, made to look smaller by Rohit Sharma's massacre. He smashed every bowler but unfortunately missed out on his well-deserved century. India won the game clearly by seven wickets. Bangladesh played against New Zealand in their final match, with New Zealand winning the toss and opting to bowl.

Bangladesh didn't get off to a good start and lost their first wicket on the first ball. It was the experienced duo of Mushfiqur Rahim and Shakib Al Hasan who scored important runs after the top-order failed. They could only register 245 runs on the board. New Zealand also lost an early wicket but had two brilliant partnerships in a row to comfortably come out on top and win the game by eight wickets.

Pitch Report
The stadium in Pune offers a pitch that can be considered a batter's paradise. Pacers can enjoy some seam and swing initially but would have to bowl tight lines and lengths to contain the batters as they may try to exploit the batting characteristics of the track. Teams that win the toss elect to bowl, with the average first innings score being 288.

Weather Report

It is forecast to be somewhat cloudy throughout the game, however rain is not expected at any point during the game. The temperature is likely to be over 30 degrees in most of the facility.

Toss Prediction
Three of the last four ODIs in Pune have been won by the team that batted first and we expect both skippers to choose to bat first if they win the toss ahead of this game.

Head to Head
Both teams have played 40 games against each other so far. India were the dominant team with 31 wins compared to 8 for Bangladesh. 1 game had no result.

Match Prediction


We can expect a big crowd in Pune for this game and the spectators should be treated to an excellent ODI on Thursday. India were always expected to finish top of the group stage but they have played better than most pundits had predicted and look like they have already played close to their best. Bangladesh had good results against India last year, but the matches took place either at a time when India was not focused on the format or when they had already qualified for the Asia Cup final. We expect India to be on top from the start in this game and win the game.

India to beat Bangladesh

Venue Details
Thanks to the flat wicket and lightning-fast outfield, the MCA Stadium in Pune has achieved great success on this ground. Batsmen can play their shots on the rise without fear. Fast bowlers have struggled without assistance at this venue in the past. However, spinners have a good track record in the past.

Betting Tips
India have been in good form this World Cup but cannot afford to let up against Bangladesh. They have defeated the latter in 3 of their last 4 ODIs and are more than capable of pulling off an upset. However, looking at the form of both teams, we feel India should come out on top.



Bet on India to win.

Probable Playing XI
India
Rohit Sharma (C), Shubman Gill, 
Virat Kohli
, S Iyer, HH Pandya, KL Rahul (wk), RA Jadeja, 
Shardul Thakur
, JJ Bumrah, 
Mohammed Siraj
, KL Yadav

Bangladesh
Nazmul Hossain Shanto
, 
Towhid Hridoy
, 
Tanzid Hasan
, 
Mehidy Hasan Miraz
, 
Shakib Al Hasan
(C), Mahmudullah, 
Liton Das
, Mushfiqur Rahim (wk), 
Mustafizur Rahman
, 
Shoriful Islam
, 
Taskin Ahmed

Top Fantasy Picks Dream11 Prediction
India Key Players
Rohit Sharma
– The Indian right-hander is one of five players to score over 200 runs in the first three games in the tournament. He is currently leading the team with a lot of confidence.



Virat Kohli – The number three batsman scored scores of 85 and 55 in his first two matches of the 2023 Cricket World Cup but he will be keen to contribute in this game after being sent off for 16 against Pakistan.

Jasprit Bumrah – Ahead of Wednesday's game, the right-arm fast bowler was the top wicket-taker with eight dismissals from three matches. He won the Player of the Match award in the victory over Pakistan.

Kuldeep Yadav - The left-arm wrist spinner took two wickets in an over in Saturday's game and he continues to take wickets regularly in this format without conceding many runs.

Bangladesh Key players
Mehidy Hasan Miraz
– The 25-year-old has been in excellent ODI form over the last 12 months and is closing in on 100 runs in the tournament. He began the campaign with 57 and 3-25 with the ball.



Mushfiqur Rahim – The top wicket-keeper and batsman scored 66 runs off 75 balls for the Tigers against New Zealand. He has now made 7525 ODI runs in this format with 57 scores of 50+.

Shakib Al Hasan – The all-rounder captain scored 40 runs off 51 balls in the last game and also took the key wicket of Devon Conway. He will always contribute to his team in some way.

Mustafizur Rahman – The left-arm pacer responded well after losing 70 runs and going wicketless against England. He has shown good form over the last month and dismissed the dangerous Rachin Ravindra last Friday.



COPY
TAGSMatch PredictionFantasy NewsFantasy Cricket Tips and TricksFantasy CricketICC ODI World Cup 2023Dream 11 PredictionIND vs BANMatch 17
to post a commentLoginorPost as anonymous
Post Comment
Bangladesh Premier League
Pos	Team	M	W	L	T	P
1	
Rangpur Riders
	4	4	0	0	8
2	
Khulna Tigers
	2	2	0	0	4
3	
Fortune Barishal
	3	2	1	0	4
4	
Chittagong Kings
	2	1	1	0	2
5	
Durbar Rajshahi
	4	1	3	0	2
6	
Sylhet Strikers
	2	0	2	0	0
7	
Dhaka Capitals
	3	0	3	0	0
See All
Latest News
Josh Hazlewood set to miss Sri Lanka tour due to injury

34 minutes ago

Sydney Thunder vs Hobart Hurricanes BBL 14 Match 27, Dream 11 Prediction, Fantasy Cricket

1 hours 5 minutes ago

BCCI Shortlist Venues of WPL; Baroda likely to Host Final: Reports

1 hours 22 minutes ago

SA20 2025: Schedule, Squads, Venues & All You Need to Know

1 hours 30 minutes ago

Kyle Myers blasts fifty as Fortune Barishal claims another thrashing victory

1 hours 43 minutes ago

Sam Konstas Admits Fault After Heated Exchange with Jasprit Bumrah During Border-Gavaskar Trophy

1 hours 57 minutes ago

New Zealand vs Sri Lanka 2nd ODI Match, Dream 11 Prediction, Fantasy Cricket

2 hours 10 minutes ago

I feel great physically: Nahid Rana on fitness and form

3 hours 58 minutes ago

Steve Smith and Kane Williamson Withdraw from PSL 10 Players Draft

4 hours 3 minutes ago

"Not a Big Fan" AB de Villiers Rejects 'Impact Player' Concept for SA20

4 hours 6 minutes ago

See All
Featured Photos
Facebook
Tweet
Copy
This smile is for victory, this smile is for the whitewash: Caribbean crushed under Tiger's claw ©CWI

December 20th 2024, 12:06

Facebook
Tweet
Copy
For the first time, but not the last: Tigers whitewash former world champions on their home ground ©CWI

December 20th 2024, 11:59

Facebook
Tweet
Copy
Jaker Ali's unbeaten 72 sends strong message for national team spot, named player of the match ©CWI

December 20th 2024, 11:55

Facebook
Tweet
Copy
Litton's smile reflects triumph as he lifts the series trophy ©CWI

December 20th 2024, 11:49

See All
Subscribe to our NEWSLETTER
Subscribe
T20 LEAGUES
Caribbean Premier League
T20 Blast
Indian Premier League
Pakistan Super League
T20 LEAGUES
BPL (Bangladesh)
BBL (Australia)
MSL (South Africa)
APL (Afghanistan)
Links
Live Scores
Photos
Fixtures
Series
ICC Rankings
Must Read
Latest News
Interviews
Press Release
Cricket Poll
Editor’s Pick
LEGAL
Copyright Notice
DMCA
Disclaimer
Terms & Conditions
CAREER
About Us
Contact
Write for Us
Internship

© 2023 bdcrictime.com All rights reserved.

FAQs
Write for Us
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Careers
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bdcrictime.com/india-vs-bangladesh-match-17-icc-world-cup-2023-dream-11-prediction-fantasy-cricket 
 ----- 
