Friday, January 10, 2025, 8:37AM |   8°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
3
MORE
Luis Ortiz concludes breakout season, leads Pirates to victory over Brewers
 
NOAH HILES
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
nhiles@post-gazette.com
 SEP 26, 2024 12:57 AM
25

Luis Ortiz’s season started with a demotion to the bullpen. Despite a longer connection to the club and better numbers throughout spring training, the Pirates instead chose Bailey Falter for their fifth and final spot in the starting rotation.

Rather than pouting, Ortiz continued to work. He embraced his swiss army knife role in the bullpen, pitching in both leverage and length situations. He then thrived in June whenever he was used as the bulk man during bullpen games. Midway through the season, he earned a promotion to the starting rotation. He has not looked back since.

Ortiz’s breakout season concluded Wednesday evening at PNC Park with him leading the Pirates to a 2-1 victory over the Brewers.

“His first outing of the year was in extra innings, in a leverage situation in Miami,” manager Derek Shelton reflected after his team’s win. “[It was a] challenging conversation, a guy who’s been a starter, we sat him and down and said, ‘Hey, you’re not going to be a starter. We don’t know what role you’re going to pitch in.’ He’s continued to progress. Some young pitchers would be mad they didn’t make the rotation. He continued to get better throughout the year.

 
Jason Mackey
Jason Mackey: Pirates’ Paul Skenes enjoys another first during his remarkable rookie season

“... We have a major league starter, which has really been fun to watch.”

A notable tweak Ortiz made to his game early this year was adding a cutter to his pitch mix. The new pitch served the right-hander all season, and Tuesday evening was no different. Ortiz threw his cutter 27 times, his second most used pitch behind only his four-seam fastball (29). His four-seamer was his most effective putout pitch on the night, accounting for four of his five strikeouts.

“For how much it played and how much he was able to make that pitch better during a major league season is something that’s really important,” Shelton said of Ortiz’s cutter.

"There were a lot of changes for sure, from last year to this year,” Ortiz added with major league coach Stephen Morales translating. “Where to pitch and stuff like that. I added the cutter and that has been a really good weapon for me.”

Ortiz’s lone mistake came in the second inning, when Jake Bauers tagged him for a solo homer. That longball was one of just four hits Ortiz surrendered. He walked one batter. Per usual, the majority of his outs came on soft, quick contact. The game’s winning pitcher, Ortiz concluded his 2024 campaign with a 7-6 record and 3.32 ERA over 135 ⅔ innings.

“You know, I'm proud of how hard I've worked with the staff,” Ortiz said. “It worked for me."

On the mound

Ortiz was relieved by Dennis Santana, another surprising success story for the Pirates in 2024. Santana pitched a clean eighth inning, retiring the side in order. He enters the final four games of the season having allowed just one earned run over his last 23 ⅓ innings pitched.

 
Jason Mackey
Jason Mackey: How Pirates botched handling Rowdy Tellez and the negative long-term effects it could have

“What did he throw, five pitches, five strikes? [He] continues to execute,” Shelton said. “That’s definitely been a bonus for us.”

Aroldis Chapman came on in the ninth to conclude the victory with his 12th save on the year. His strikeout against Blake Perkins marked No. 95 on the season, the most by a left-handed reliever in franchise history.

At the plate

Pittsburgh’s runs came in the bottom of the fifth inning via a two-out double from Liover Peguero, who was recalled from Triple-A Indianapolis Monday. The hit marked Peguero’s first big league knock since October 1 of last year.

“It’s great,” Shelton said. “Big hit, if you go back, that inning was nobody on, two outs, Yaz has a great at-bat, Yorke has a great at-bat, they both go to 3-2. Peggy goes to 3-2. Big hit there. He’s had a really good year in Indy. I think this was one of the things that we highlighted yesterday. That’s why it’s important to get him up here, to get a little bit of that taste, then he comes back next inning and comes back and makes a diving play. Really important. Big night for Peggy. Really happy for him.”

“It's a dream,” Peguero said. “Been working really hard just trying to get back and trying to hear the same thing I was hearing last year. So I'm just glad I'm back and happy to have the people I got around here.”

The Pirates finished with just three total hits in their victory, the other two coming from Isiah Kiner-Falefa. The effort marked Kiner-Falefa’s seventh multi-hit game this month.

They said it

“Really proud,” Shelton said of Ortiz. “And he should be proud. In his case, it’s the culmination of a really good year where he got better. We challenge people to get better. We challenge ourselves to get better. He did that throughout the year, and he’s put himself in a really good spot.”

Up next

Thursday: Brewers at Pirates, 12:35 p.m., PNC Park

TV, radio: SportsNet Pittsburgh, KDKA-AM (1020 AM/100.1 FM)

Probable pitchers: RHP Mitch Keller (11-11, 4.21) for Pirates; RHP Aaron Civale (7-9, 4.53) for Brewers.

Key matchup: Keller has received one run of support or fewer when he has been on the mound seven times in his last 11 starts.

Hidden stat: Isiah Kiner-Falefa’s single in the fourth inning marked the 700th hit in his big league career.

Friday: Pirates at Yankees, 7:05 p.m., Yankee Stadium

Probable pitchers: RHP Jared Jones (6-8, 4.14) for Pirates; LHP Carlos Rodon (16-9, 3.98) for Brewers.

First Published: September 26, 2024, 12:57 a.m.
Updated: September 26, 2024, 2:11 a.m.

Noah Hiles covers the Pirates for the Post-Gazette. He previously covered Pitt athletics.
  nhiles@post-gazette.com
  @_NoahHiles
 RELATED
 
Noah Hiles
Pirates DFA'd Rowdy Tellez 4 plate appearances shy of $200K bonus, but team denies finances were reason
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
LIFE
Kamins give much more than their name and $65 million to the Carnegie Science Center
NEWS
Pittsburgh Parking Authority considers removing residency requirement for employees amid staffing shortage
NEWS
Pittsburgh to settle some lawsuits for $170K in 2018 bar brawl between Pagans, undercover cops
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: Analyzing James Franklin, Drew Allar and blame game after brutal Penn State loss to Notre Dame in national semis
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 5:48am  Jason Mackey
2
SPORTS
Penn State loses as Notre Dame kicks game-winning field goal in final seven seconds in a CFP semifinal
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 4:25am  Joel Haas
3
SPORTS
Brian Batko's Steelers mailbag: Any chance George Pickens is gone this offseason?
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 10:00am  Brian Batko
4
NEWS
'It’s inhumane': Two men charged in brutal 'unprovoked attack' at Aliquippa VFW
 Thu, Jan 9, 2025, 10:40pm  Megan Guza
5
SPORTS
Former Pitt volleyball star Torrey Stafford transferring to Texas
 Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 12:54am  Abby Schnable
ASSOCIATED PRESS
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Jason Mackey: Analyzing James Franklin, Drew Allar and blame game after brutal Penn State loss to Notre Dame in national semis
With Baltimore in his blood, Spencer Anderson poised if he starts at guard for Steelers
Penn State loses as Notre Dame kicks game-winning field goal in final seven seconds in a CFP semifinal
Steelers film room: Joey Porter Jr. and an aggressive man coverage scheme vital to beating Ravens
Penguins capitalize on fast start, hang on for victory against high-powered Oilers
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/pirates/2024/09/25/pirates-luis-ortiz-breakout-brewers-win/stories/202409250044 
 ----- 
