Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
Sports Betting
Sportsbooks
Betting Apps
NFL
NBA
NHL
Editorial Standards
Fanatics
bet365
BetMGM
PrizePicks
DraftKings
Search
LIVE
At least 10 fire-related deaths reported in Los Angeles County: medical examiner
BETTING
 
STITCHES
Brewers vs. Pirates prediction: MLB odds, picks, best bets Wednesday
By Stitches
Published Sep. 25, 2024, 2:30 p.m. ET
Luis Ortiz starts for the Pirates on Wednesday against the Brewers.
AP
Gambling content 21+. The New York Post may receive an affiliate commission if you sign up through our links. Read our editorial standards for more information.

The Odd Couple.

Can two disgraced men share a cell without driving each other crazy?

Sean “Diddy” Combs (accused of sex trafficking and racketeering) and Sam Bankman-Fried (guilty of crypto-crooking and dating Caroline Ellison) will be watching the MLB playoffs together in the “wreck” room at Brooklyn’s Metropolitan Detention Center.

No word yet on who gets the top bunk.

“Dancing With The Stars” is back.

Harvey Weinstein, who can still cut a rug with his walker, failed to make the cut but may be joining Diddy & Sammy soon.

The playoff-bound Brewers visit the Pirates.

Milwaukee’s Freddy Peralta will likely make his last start of the regular season.

Freddy Peralta gets the ball Wednesday.
AP

Peralta has allowed two runs over his past 10 innings.

The Bucs’ Luis Ortiz, likely making his last start of the year, gave up two runs over six strong to the Cards.

Play $50 on the home ’dog Pirates.

Learn all you need to know about MLB Betting
Read about the Best Baseball Betting Sites
Learn all about How to Bet on Baseball
Get the latest World Series Odds

What do you think? Post a comment.

Ten innings. No RBIs.

The Royals won 1-0 on a throwing error by the Nats’ Nasim Nunez.

Cole Ragans scattered three hits over six innings.

Win. Down -432 felixungers.

Why Trust New York Post Betting

The one and only Stitches has been handicapping baseball, daily, for the Post since 2019. Miraculously, he has finished in the black twice. But wait there’s more. He showed his versatility by winning the Post’s NFL Best Bet crown last year.

FILED UNDER MILWAUKEE BREWERS  MLB BETTING  PITTSBURGH PIRATES  SPORTS PICKS  STITCHES  9/25/24
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/25/betting/brewers-vs-pirates-prediction-mlb-odds-picks-best-bets-wednesday/ 
 ----- 
