Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
J-Rod socks first homer since July after helpful guidance from Mariners icon
Share
J-Rod socks first homer since July after helpful guidance from Mariners icon
Seattle star helps secure series win vs. Rays with new hitting coach Martinez in his corner
August 29th, 2024

Daniel Kramer

@DKramer_
Share

0:03

0:25

SEATTLE -- Julio Rodríguez did something on Wednesday afternoon that has become increasingly infrequent within a frustrating season to the point where the feat has reached rare territory.

He homered.

With one big swing in the fifth inning, Rodríguez helped lift Seattle to a 6-2 victory over Tampa Bay at T-Mobile Park. With it, he also showed what the Mariners have been missing for most of the year -- and just how different the dynamic of their entire lineup can be if their most talented player can tap into more power down the stretch.

“Once you are working with something and then you see it play out in the game, it makes you feel really good,” Rodríguez said of recent behind-the-scenes adjustments, “because it shows you that you’re kind of on the right track. And just it kind of motivates you to continue to work at it.”

Rodríguez’s two-run blast -- which followed a two-run shot in the same inning from Victor Robles -- was his first since July 20, one day before he suffered a high right ankle sprain that sidelined him for three weeks.

Whether he’ll say it or not, there’s likely been a correlation between Rodríguez’s lack of production in 15 games since returning from the injured list and lingering pain in the area that prevented him from returning to center field until Friday.

Rodríguez entered Wednesday’s three-game finale vs. the Rays -- which yielded the Mariners’ second straight series win -- with a .222 slugging percentage and just three RBIs since his return. Yet, even including his hot streak in July before the injury, Rodríguez hasn’t come close to matching the elite power he flashed during his electric first two seasons.

Related
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

J-Rod makes Three Kings Day extra special

January 10th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Here’s how Mariners could thrive in 2025

January 3rd, 2025

J-Rod's toy drive 'such a beautiful thing to do'

November 26th, 2024

Here's what J-Rod thinks of his season

November 15th, 2024

Rodríguez has experienced a notable dip in power this season, but especially since returning from the IL on Aug. 11.

Rodríguez’s homer on Wednesday was only his 12th in 2024, which brought his slugging percentage to .362. Last season, when he became just the 44th player in AL/NL history with a 30-30 season, it was .485. In his American League Rookie of the Year Award-winning season, it was .509.

There’s no coincidence between Rodríguez’s power drought for most of this season and the Mariners’ team-wide offensive struggles. They built their roster centered on Rodríguez being a top-end run producer.

“I had to add a lot of different things [to my routine] to be able to be on the field,” Rodríguez said. “And I feel like it can get tough, obviously, to find a rhythm when you don't know sometimes how the day is going to go because of the other extra things that you have to do. But at the same time, that's part of it. I'm sure that I'm not the only one dealing with things.”

The Mariners (68-66) have mostly been unable to overcome an MLB-worst 27.8% strikeout rate because they’ve collectively been hamstrung by a team-wide slugging percentage of .364, which is ahead of only the White Sox (.344).

In August, it’s been 30th of 30, at .336 -- even with Wednesday’s homers from Rodríguez, Robles and Randy Arozarena, who went yard with a Statcast-projected 430-foot blast in the eighth. For context, the Mariners ranked 16th in MLB from 2022-23 with a .401 slugging percentage.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Teams can typically overcome strikeout struggles with power, but it becomes far more difficult when they must overcome issues relating to both. The fact that Seattle advanced to 13-0 when homering at least three times and an MLB-best 43-4 when plating at least five runs says as much. Five of their runs on Wednesday were via homers.

Aside from his long ball -- which was in a full count with two outs and against a middle-in cutter from Rays reliever Tyler Alexander -- Rodríguez opened his game with a 105.2 mph pull-side single, showing a much more athletic setup than of late.

On this homestand, Rodríguez flashed the tendencies of falling over and chasing out-of-zone pitches much more. It’s led to pointed conversations with new hitting coach and franchise icon Edgar Martinez.

“Really helpful,” Rodríguez said. “I feel like he has so much experience as a hitter. Obviously, like one of the best to ever do it -- a Hall of Famer and everything. He's somebody I respect a lot. And he just has a lot of good pointers. And I'm happy that, obviously, I listen, but I'm happy that he's around.”

For good measure, Rodríguez also had a diving catch while running in during the fourth, making Wednesday one of his more well-rounded performances since the injury.

And for the Mariners sake, they hope it’s the first of many in this critical, final stretch.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Seattle Mariners
Julio Rodriguez

Daniel Kramer covers the Mariners for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/julio-rodriguez-homers-in-mariners-series-win-over-rays 
 ----- 
