Skip to content
Subscribe Now
21°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO CUBS
Chicago Cubs clinch a winning record with a 1-0 victory against the Cincinnati Reds
Cubs starting pitcher Jameson Taillon delivers against the Reds in the first inning on Sept. 27, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Erin Hooley/AP)
By JAY COHEN | Associated Press
UPDATED: September 27, 2024 at 7:08 PM CST

Jameson Taillon threw seven crisp innings in his second straight win, and the Chicago Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 1-0 on Friday in the opener of their season-ending series.

Taillon (12-8) allowed four hits, struck out two and walked two on a blustery, overcast afternoon at Wrigley Field. The right-hander went 4-0 with a 1.63 ERA in the last six starts of his second year with the Cubs.

“I had a little bit of a rough patch there in like early, mid-August,” Taillon said. “To be able to bounce back from that and finish strong is a good feeling.”

Tyson Miller got three outs before Porter Hodge finished the four-hitter for his eighth save.

At 1 hour, 48 minutes, it was the majors’ fastest nine-inning game since Armando Galarraga nearly threw a perfect game for Detroit against Cleveland on June 2, 2010. That game was completed in 1 hour, 44 minutes.

It was the fastest nine-inning game for the Cubs since they finished a 3-0 victory over the Reds in 1 hour, 48 minutes on May 24, 2001, at Wrigley, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.

“That was quick, yeah. That was nice,” a smiling Taillon said after his 200th career start. “Hit it into the wind. Good luck.”

The Cubs (82-78) clinched a winning season and improved to 4-7 against the Reds this year. The Cubs began the season with playoff aspirations under new manager Craig Counsell, but they were derailed by injuries and an inconsistent lineup.

The Reds (76-84) wasted another stellar performance from Nick Martinez (10-7), who pitched a five-hitter for his first career complete game. The right-hander went 4-1 with a 0.83 ERA in five September starts.

“Didn’t have a great feel for my changeup today,” Martinez said. “So knowing what the wind is doing, kind of play to the elements and at times try to see how far they can hit it, knowing that it’s going to be a benefit for me.”

The Reds lost for the sixth time in eight games. They failed to advance a runner to third.

“With the wind blowing in as hard as it was, it was a challenge,” Reds interim manager Freddie Benavides said.

Cubs manager Craig Counsell, right, high-fives Nico Hoerner after Hoerner scored in the fifth inning against the Reds on Sept. 27, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Erin Hooley/AP)

The Cubs got their only run in the fifth. Nico Hoerner hit a leadoff double, advanced to third on Pete Crow-Armstrong’s sacrifice bunt and scampered home on Miguel Amaya’s sacrifice fly.

Reds catcher Tyler Stephenson grabbed Jake Fraley’s throw from right field and made a sweeping tag attempt, but Hoerner slid in safely.

Counsell applauded third-base coach Willie Harris’ decision to send Hoerner on the tricky flyball.

“I think when that ball went up in the air, Willie was yelling at Nico, which was really cool, like, ‘You’re going. I don’t care where the ball ends up,’ ” Counsell said.

The Reds had multiple baserunners in just one inning. TJ Friedl and Ty France walked with one out in the second, but Fraley and Santiago Espinal flied out.

Cubs right fielder Seiya Suzuki (ankle) missed his second straight game. Counsell said Suzuki hit in the cage and did some running. “Optimistic he can play tomorrow,” Counsell said.

Originally Published: September 27, 2024 at 6:57 PM CST
Around the Web
Lookup Love on Classmates.com®
Classmates
Revolutionary Device Ends Neuropathy Suffering Overnight
2025 Neuropathy Guide
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Intrigued!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
Las Vegas: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
15 Places to Get Free Food and Products Just by Asking
The Penny Hoarder
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car in The World
Stars Are Made
9 Years Ago Most Beautiful Twins. Their Appearance Today Will Shock You
novelodge
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Fast & Affordable Oil Change Services in Las Vegas!
Oil Change
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
The One and Only Wd40 Trick Everyone Should Know
habittribe
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Park Ranger Evacuates the Nevada Forest When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
YourBump
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Swelling & Trapped Fluid? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Edema
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Sciatica and Back Pain: Try This Today at Home - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Back Health
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Las Vegas: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Lincoln Park 5-bedroom home with heated garage, outdoor spaces: $1.5M
Judge releases woman who stabbed a classmate to please Slender Man from a psychiatric hospital
CPS CEO Pedro Martinez injunction hearing postponed by judge
Chicago couple first to sue ex-Sgt. Ronald Watts in line for $7.5M settlement
Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary and appear headed for arbitration
Today in Chicago History: 7 found dead inside Brown’s Chicken in Palatine
Chicago Blackhawks are 14-25-2 at the midpoint of another lost season. What’s left to play for in the 2nd half?
Brian Matusz, who pitched for the Chicago Cubs in his final MLB appearance, dies at 37
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN CHICAGO CUBS
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
Lenny Randle, ‘The Most Interesting Man in Baseball’ who spent a season with the Chicago Cubs, dies at 75
Japanese pitcher Roki Sasaki may visit teams — including the Chicago Cubs — as he narrows down signing choices
Chicago Cubs acquire versatile infielder Vidal Bruján and send first baseman Matt Mervis to the Miami Marlins
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
2024
September
27
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/27/chicago-cubs-cincinnati-reds-3/ 
 ----- 
