Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Myers, Brewers showcase resiliency to snap three-game skid
Share
Myers, Brewers showcase resiliency to snap three-game skid
September 8th, 2024

Tim Stebbins

@tim_stebbins
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

MILWAUKEE -- Every team experiences peaks and valleys over the course of the 162-game season, and the Brewers are no exception. But one of Milwaukee’s calling cards during an impressive 2024 under first-year manager Pat Murphy has been its ability to avoid an extended slide.

The Brewers are the only team in the Majors to not lose four straight games this season, a streak that remains intact despite a slow start to September. The Brewers snapped their three-game skid in Saturday’s 5-2 win over the Rockies at American Family Field.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

Milwaukee (82-60) holds a 10-game lead over the Cubs (72-70) in the NL Central after Chicago’s 2-0 loss to the Yankees earlier Saturday.

“I liked winning tonight, man,” Murphy said. “I love winning tonight.”

After ending August on a five-game winning streak, the Brewers opened September with a 1-4 record and had lost their past three games, entering Saturday. Offensively, Milwaukee went 0-for-15 with runners in scoring position on Wednesday and scored just two runs on Friday.

But as the Brewers have shown this season, their skids do not last long. They’ve lost three straight games nine times, only to then pick up a win.

“They have good leadership in the room,” Murphy said before Saturday’s game. “I think the leadership will pull them through.”

It was a combination effort on Saturday, between a quick start by the lineup and a dominant start by right-hander Tobias Myers. Willy Adames and Gary Sánchez hit back-to-back homers in the first inning. It was Adames’ 30th of the season, marking the second time he’s hit 30 in his career (32 in 2022).

Adames also became the first primary shortstop in franchise history to hit 30 homers and record 100 RBIs in a season.

“I talked to him about it today,” Murphy said. “I said ‘Willy, do you realize what you’ve done? There’s no reason to do anything but have fun and lead this 2024 team on the field. You speak volumes when you do the little things and take your walks, and then because your ball-strike [recognition] is good, you’re going to get pitches to hit or they’re going to send you to first base.' It just speaks to him and what he’s put together.”

Related
Brewers avoid arb with 5 of 6, exchange figures with Contreras

January 10th, 2025

Woodruff gets candid about where he stands in recovery process

January 7th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

17 rookies who formed an elite NL class

November 17th, 2024

Brewers fly high during season that reaches familiar end

October 7th, 2024

Unlikely heroes: Bauers, Frelick, Myers almost get Crew to finish line

October 4th, 2024

With Sánchez’s blast, the Brewers now have eight players who have hit double-digit home runs this season. That includes William Contreras, who set a new career high (21) when he hit a solo shot in the third. Contreras’ blast followed Brice Turang reaching on a bunt single.

Myers allowed just one run on four hits in six innings. He walked one and struck out 11, a new career high. Seven of his strikeouts came with his four-seam fastball.

“I think just trying to get back to the heater [was key],” Myers said. “Executing the heater first, and then playing everything off of that. Then mentally, just making sure we’re attacking with the heater, for sure.”

Myers issued a leadoff walk in the second to Michael Toglia and allowed a one-out single to Jake Cave, but he worked out of the jam to keep the game scoreless. Ryan McMahon’s homer in the fourth was Colorado’s only damage off of him.

Myers said he’s noticed his execution and velocity have been better when he pitches out of the stretch. He did so from the third inning onward on Saturday.

“I liked it a lot, so I’ll continue that for sure,” Myers said.

The 26-year-old continues to be a revelation for the Brewers. Myers has a 2.93 ERA in 112 innings over 23 games (22 starts) this season, after posting a 4.93 ERA in 29 games (26 starts) between Double-A Biloxi and Triple-A Nashville in 2023. That followed him going 1-15 in 2022 while pitching in Triple-A for the Guardians, Giants and White Sox organizations.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“The kid is relentless,” Murphy said. “He’s taking it all in. I think he’ll continue to do that. I just told [general manager] Matt Arnold, ‘I think you got a good one, I really do.’ They signed this guy for a reason. He was 1-15 in Triple-A, but they kept bringing him back and said, ‘this guy’s got it.’ Credit to the front office. He’s the right one. I think he’s plenty good.”

Like Myers, the Brewers’ resilience has been a strength.

“We just never give up,” Myers said. “Even when we lose a game, we always have the tying run at the plate; we always have a chance. I think just always believing in each other and fighting to the end, for sure.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers
Tobias Myers

Tim Stebbins is a reporter/producer for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/brewers-snap-three-game-skid-with-win-over-rockies 
 ----- 
