 
This article was first published 1 year ago

Home » Cricket » Rohit reveals! India could field 3 spinners in World Cup opener vs Australia

Rohit reveals! India could field 3 spinners in World Cup opener vs Australia

October 07, 2023 19:12 IST

Source: PTI

We can afford to play three spinners with Hardik Pandya in side: Rohit Sharma

IMAGES: Rohit Sharma believes in consistency in playing eleven. Photograph: ICC/X

The presence of a genuine quick bowler like Hardik Pandya will certainly allow India to explore options of playing three specialist spinners during the World Cup, reasoned skipper Rohit Sharma ahead of his side's opening game against Australia on Sunday.

 

India have left-arm wrist spinner Kuldeep Yadav, off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin and slow left-arm orthodox Ravindra Jadeja in their rank and Rohit dropped hints that all three could feature in the playing XI at Chepauk, which at times could offer a tacky surface.

Asked if he is game on playing the troika of slow operators, Rohit replied: “Yeah, I mean that's the luxury we have where we can afford to play three spinners because I don't really consider Hardik Pandya as just a seamer," said Rohit in his pre-match press meet.

“He (Hardik) is a proper fast bowler, who can crank up good speed. So, that gives us an advantage. That gives us that luxury of playing three spinners and three seamers as well. So, there's a possibility of that,” he added.

Obviously, the option of playing Ashwin would then allow India to have greater batting depth.

“It gives us that balance; gives us that number eight batting option as well. We have to come here again tomorrow afternoon and see what the pitch looks like but yeah, three spinners is definitely an option,” said Rohit.

'9-10' players will remain same

Photograph: Kind Courtesy Indian Cricket Team/Instagram

Rohit believes in consistency in playing eleven and hence indicated that 9 or 10 players, permitting fitness, will play all games but the best playing eleven will be based on conditions.

“We definitely want to be a team where we want to play the best 11, but you can pick your best 11 based on the conditions that you have in front of you. Where there is a bit of assistance to the slower bowlers, you need to bring in those slower bowlers.

“So, your core of the team will remain the same. Your 8, 9, 10 players will remain the same. There will be one or two changes here and there, which you've got to be ready to accept and take it into your stride and move forward.”

Rohit was categorical in his feeling that the World Cup is not a place for personal preferences.

“No one should have personal preferences. It's the team that matters and the team's goal that matters.”

'We give them role clarity'

India still have some middle-order puzzle as to when they can unleash a gun player like Suryakumar Yadav.

How does the team assess which conditions to use Shreyas Iyer or SKY?

“Look, in terms of playing in these conditions, there's a huge amount of experience. They've played so much cricket, they know how to play. It is not for me to assess that.

"It is for them to assess that in the middle and then you give them that freedom and clarity that this is what we want from you. Now how you do it, it is completely up to you.”

Get Rediff News in your Inbox:
email
Source: PTI
© Copyright 2025 PTI. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of PTI content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent.

RELATED STORIES
How Shakib masterminded Bangladesh's win
PIX: Markram hits fastest WC ton SA set record total
WC PIX: B'desh's Miraz steals the show vs Afghanistan
Asian Games: India win cricket GOLD after washout!
Rizwan's winning formula for ODI World Cup dominance
WEB STORIES

5 Indicators You Have Low Estrogen Levels

5 Winter-Friendly Beverages To Keep Warm

The OnePlus Watch 3 Series Will Mind Your Health

VIDEOS
1:03
Aishwarya and Abhishek return to Mumbai together after...
1:00
Malaika will take your heart away
MOST POPULAR
Consistency is key to Australia's success
How And Why India Lost The Sydney Test
'Kohli, Rohit will decide what is best for Indian...
Join The Stumps Show Now!
Bumrah unavailable to bowl in Australia's second...
FOR YOU
Bumrah frustrated on missing out on 'spiciest...
© 2025 Rediff.com - Feedback - About us - Advertise with us

NEWS

BUSINESS

MOVIES

CRICKET

SPORTS

GET AHEAD
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.rediff.com/cricket/report/icc-rohit-reveals-india-could-field-3-spinners-in-world-cup-opener-vs-australia/20231007.htm 
 ----- 
