BUSINESS
MONEY
TRAVELLER
LUXE
HINDI

SPORTS

PAK Vs AFG, Asian Games 2023, Men's Cricket Semi-final: Afghanistan Stun Pakistan, Set Up Final Date With India - As It Happened

Afghanistan chased down Pakistan's 115 to win the Hangzhou Asian Games men's cricket, second semi-final by four wickets. They will play India in the gold medal match. Catch PAK vs AFG cricket highlights

O
Outlook Sports Desk
Updated on: 6 October 2023 10:11 am
Getting your Trinity Audio player ready...
The two captains at the toss ahead of the semi-final in Hanzghou

The Afghans came into the semis when the Lankans were eight runs short in their QFs clash. Pakistan, on the other hand, were hardly tested in their 68-run quarterfinal win against minnows Hong Kong. But in the Semi-final clash between the two teams, the Afghanistan team handled the pressure better and guided by Captain Gulbadin Naib's cameo in the end, stormed into the Finals of the Asia Cup 2023. India is already into the finals after thumping Bangladesh by nine wickets in the first semi-final of the day. Catch all important details and highlights of the PAK vs AFG semi-final match here (Streaming | Scorecard | Full Coverage | Cricket News)

That's all from our side!

Afghanistan will meet India in the final clash for the gold medal and Pakistan will fight Bangladesh for the Bronze medal on 7 October.

- This is very similar to what Asif Ali did to Karim Janat in the T20 World Cup 2021 when he hit Janat for 4 consecutive sixes after PAK needed 24 off 12 in the group-stage match. 

2:35 pm: Gulbadin Naib took Afghanistan to the Finals
Aamer Jamal. who bowled two very good overs came to bowl the 18th over. But Gulbadin believed in his power-hitting prowess and did it for Afghanistan. No-ball and slot balls made it dirty for Pakistan.

by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
I Tried the $0.87 Generic Viagra and Here's What Happened!
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
Go The Extra Miles
YETI
Shop Now
Nevada Say Goodbye to High Auto Insurance Rates if You Live in These Zip Codes
Financebuzz
Learn More
New Electric SUVs Come with Tiny Price Tags (Take a Look)
CommonSearches | Search Ads

AFG - 116/6 (17.5)

Afghanistan won the match by 4 wickets

Afghanistan Have done it. Gulbadin did it for them

Gulbadin Naib is making it possible for Afghanistan!!

Thriller Alert!!!

Afghanistan need 13 runs in 15 balls

2:25 pm: Gulbadin Naib needs to play Captain's knock 
With a loss of 6 wickets, Afghanistan is struggling for runs in the chase of a low target. Gulbadin Naib is with Sharafuddin Ashraf in the middle. Pakistan bowlers are putting all the effort here.

AFG - 91/6 (16)

Afghanistan needs 61 runs in 66 balls

1:55 pm: Pakistan is in search of wickets
Pakistan have been successful in taking early wickets but still, Noor Ali Zasran and Afsar Zazai on the crease can make things dirty for them. They are desperately searching for wickets here. 

AFG - 55/3 (9)

The winner of this semi-final match between Afghanistan and Pakistan will meet India in the Gold-medal match of the Asian Games 2023 at Pingfeng Campus Cricket Field, Hangzhou on October 7, 2023.

1:35 pm: Arafat Minhas gets two wickets in the over
Arafat Minhas changes the scenario of the match with his 2nd over. He first bowled Mohammad Shahzad and then send Shahidullah Kamal back to the pavilion. Afsar Zazai is the new man at the crease with Noor Ali Zadran. Pakistan is in control of the match. Aamer Jamal is targeting the body of Noor Ali.

AFG - 37/3 (6)

1:20 pm: Sediqullah Atal goes cheaply, but AFG is in control
Afghanistan's batting is in control after the early wicket of Sediqulaah Atal. Mohammad Shahzad and Noor Ali have given Afghanistan a good start.

AFG - 35/1 (4)

Afghanistan start the run-chase

Innings Break!!

Afghanistan needs 116 runs in 120 balls

1:00 pm: Pakistan all-out for 115
Pakistan tailenders somehow managed a total of 115 runs after losing wickets in quick succession. Aamer Jamal added a crucial 14 runs at the end.

PAK - 115/10 (18) 

12:40 pm: Zahir Khan takes the wicket of Asif Ali
Zahir Khan sent the dangerous-looking Asif Ali back to the pavilion and now Pakistan tailenders are adding runs. Aamer Jamal is the new man in.

PAK - 90/7 (15)

12:35 pm: Khushdil goes, Asif Ali at the crease
Karim Janat bowled Khushdil Shah to send him back to the pavilion. Arafat Minhas joins power-hitter Asif Ali at the crease. With still seven overs left in the game, Asif Ali can change the scenarios of this match. We have seen him playing some aerial shots. As we speak, he hits six off Karim Janat. It refreshes the memory of the T20 World Cup 2020 where Asil Ali hit 4 consecutive sixes off Karim Janat's 19th over.

PAK - 88/7 (14)

12:27 pm: Qasim Akram back to the pavilion
Pakistan's batting line-up is shattering with only Khushdil Shah left who can bat. Captain Qasim Akram also goes without making any big impact. Pakistan struggling for runs. Zahir Khan strikes with his first over.

PAK - 73/5 (12)

ALSO READ: IND Vs BAN, Asian Games 2023 Semi-finals - Highlights

12:16 pm: Qais Ahmad strikes again!!
Qais Ahmad starts his second over with the wicket of Haider Ali. Pakistan needed a partnership but wickets kept falling. Captain Qasim needs to play a captain's knock now to save this match for Pakistan. Khushdil Shah joins him at the crease.

61/4 (9.1)

12:10 pm: Omair Yousuf departs!
Omai Yousuf also goes back to the pavilion after trying to go for the big shot. Captain Qasim Akram joins Haider Ali at the crease.  Pakistan needs a partnership here.

PAK - 61/3 (9)

12:01 pm: Rohail Nazir goes!
Fareed Ahmad starts his spell by being thrashed for a boundary by Omair but strikes back with the third delivery by sending Rohail Nazir back to the pavilion. Haider Ali is the new man in.

PAK - 51/2 (7)

11:55 am: Pakistan going well despite wicket loss
After losing Mirza Baig's wicket in a horrible run-out, Pakistan's new batter Rohail Nazir is giving good support to the opener Omai Yousuf. They have started the counter-attack on Sharafuddin and Naib. Afghanistan is in search of wickets now.

PAK - 49/1 (6.2)

11:40 am: Two byes 4 off the over!!
Sharafuddin Ashraf bowled a good over but Keeper Mohammad Shahzad was not alert behind the wickets. Big over for Pakistan. 

PAK - 19/0 (2)

11:30 am: Pakistan batting starts!
The ball is in veteran Gulabadin Naib's hands and for Pakistan, it is Mirza Tahir Baig and Omair Yousuf at the crease. Naib gave three wides in the first over but still did not give any chance to the Pakistani batters to open their arms. 3 wides and 1 single of the over.

PAK - 4/0 (1)

11:10 am: Line-Ups
Pakistan XI: Qasim Akram (c), Asif Ali, Haider Ali, Mirza Tahir Baig, Aamir Jamal, Arafat Ahmed Minhas, Sufyan Moqim, Rohail Nazir (wk), Hafiz Usman Qadir, Khushdil Shah, Omair Bin Yousaf
Afghanistan XI: Sharafuddin Ashraf, Sediqullah Atal, Karim Jannat, Shahidullah Kamal, Qais Ahmad Kamawal, Farid Ahmad Malik, Mohammad Shahzad (wk), Gulbadin Naib (c), Zahir Khan Pakten, Noor Ali Zadran, Afsar Khan Zazai

11:08 am: Toss Update
Afghanistan have won the toss and elected to bowl first.

11:03 am: PAK In WC Action
Elsewhere, in Hyderabad, the first-choice Pakistan men's cricket team will take on Netherlands in their opening match of the 2023 ODI World Cup today afternoon. Read the match preview here, and find out the telecast, live streaming and other details of the match here.

10:52 am: Squads
Afghanistan: Sediqullah Atal, Wafiullah Tarakhil, Shahidullah Kamal, Gulbadin Naib (c), Zubaid Akbari, Karim Janat, Sharafuddin Ashraf, Nijat Masood, Mohammad Shahzad, Afsar Zazai, Qais Ahmad, Zahir Khan, Fareed Ahmad Malik, Sayed Shirzad, Noor Ali Zadran

Pakistan: Qasim Akram (c), Omair Yousuf, Aamer Jamal, Arafat Minhas, Arshad Iqbal, Asif Ali, Haider Ali, Khushdil Shah, Mirza Tahir Baig, Mohammad Hasnain, Muhammad Akhlaq, Rohail Nazir, Shahnawaz Dahani, Sufiyan Muqeem, Usman Qadir. 

Advertisement
Tags
Asian Games
Cricket
Pakistan National Cricket Team
Afghanistan National Cricket Team
Pakistan Vs Afghanistan
Hangzhou Asian Games 2022
Asian Games 2023
PREVIOUS STORY
Australia Defeat India In 5th Test To Clinch Border-Gavaskar Trophy After A Decade
NEXT STORY
Barbastro 0-4 Barcelona, Copa Del Rey: Lewandowski Double Helps Visitors Reach Last 16
CVS Silent About 87¢ ED meds - Find Out Why
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
|
Sponsored
Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing cubes.
YETI
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insu rance in Nevada (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
|
Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
New Land Rover Defender Has Arrived & It's Turning Heads...
SUVs | Top Searcher Now
|
Sponsored
Learn More
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV Is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
2024 Hyundai's Are Turning Heads
SearchTopics | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
This New Outlander Has Left Us Speechless
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
2024 Family SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
CLOSE
Today Sports News
Cricket News
Australia Defeat India In 5th Test To Clinch Border-Gavaskar Trophy After A Decade
Vijay Hazare Trophy Round 7 Live Score: Delhi In Spot Of Bother Against Baroda; Siddesh Lad All Over Saurashtra
RSA Vs PAK, 2nd Test Day 2: Pakistan Stumble After Rickelton Inspires South Africa To Huge Total
Senior Women's One-Day Challenger Trophy 2025 Guide: Full Squads, Format - All You Need To Know
IND Vs AUS, 5th Test: Australia Coach Andrew Mcdonald Claims India 'Intimidated' Sam Konstas
Football News
Paris St-Germain Vs Monaco: Donnarumma In Line For PSG Return In Trophee Des Champions
Brighton 1-1 Arsenal, Premier League: Arteta Fumes At Penalty Decision As Gunners Held At Amex Stadium
Aston Villa 2-1 Leicester City, Premier League: Hosts 'Feeling The Confidence Again' To Start 2025
Napoli Assistant Coach Stellini Hails 'Important' Win Amid Injury Problems
Bournemouth 1-0 Everton, Premier League: Brooks Believes Hosts Must 'Keep Feet On Ground' Despite Club-record Run
Tennis News
Adelaide International 2025 WTA Live Streaming: Seeds, Prize Money - All You Need To Know
Jiri Lehecka Vs Reilly Opelka Live Streaming, Brisbane International: When, Where To Watch Men's Singles Final
Aryna Sabalenka Vs Polina Kudermetova Live Streaming, Brisbane International: When, Where To Watch Women's Singles Final
USA Vs Poland Live Streaming, United Cup Final: When And Where To Watch Coco Gauff And Iga Swiatek In Action
Brisbane International: Reilly Opelka Sets Up Jiri Lehecka Showdown In Final
Hockey News
HIL 2024-25: Team Gonasika Climb To Third Place With 3-1 Win Over Hyderabad Toofans
Hockey India League: Shachi Rarh Bengal Tigers Thrash Delhi SG Pipers 4-1, Take Top Spot
Hyderabad Toofans 1-3 Team Gonasika Highlights, Hockey India League: TG Secure First Victory In Rourkela
Delhi SG Pipers 1-4 Bengal Tigers Highlights, Hockey India League: Jugraj Headlines SRBT's Third Straight Win
Tamil Nadu Dragons Vs UP Rudras Live Streaming, Hockey India League 2024-25: When, Where To Watch HIL Match 12
Trending Stories
National News
Chhattisgarh Naxal-Police Clash: Four Naxalites And A Police Officer Killed In Encounter
Weather Wrap: Dense Fog Disrupts Flights And Trains In Delhi As Cold Wave Grips North India
Election Officer Dismisses Sanjay Singh's Allegations As 'Incorrect And Baseless' Regarding Voter List Row
Health Ministry Says, 'India Is Well-Prepared', Monitoring Situation Amid HMPV Outbreak In China
PM Modi Attacks Oppn Over Caste Census Demand, Accused Them Of Spreading 'Venom'
Entertainment News
The Humour of Andaz Apna Apna, 30 years on
Pushpa 2 Box Office Collection Day 30: Allu Arjun's Film Set To Surpass Rs 1200 Crore In India
Paatal Lok Season 2 Teaser: Jaideep Ahlawat’s Hathiram Chaudhary Narrates Story Of Societal Evils
BAFTA Awards 2025 Longlist: All We Imagine As Light Gets 3 Nods, Emilia Perez, Conclave Lead Longlists
Watchlist: Films On War That Moved Us
US News
Biden Awards US Presidential Medal Of Freedom To Hillary Clinton, George Soros And 17 Others
US: Biden Names Hillary Clinton, Ralph Lauren, Messi, Soros For Presidential Medal Of Freedom
US: NSA Sullivan To Visit India On January 5 To Finalise Important Ongoing Initiatives
Hush Money Case: US President Donald Trump To Be Sentenced On January 10; Jail Unlikely
US: 2 Dead, 18 Injured As Plane Crashes Into Warehouse In California
World News
Biden Awards US Presidential Medal Of Freedom To Hillary Clinton, George Soros And 17 Others
Pakistan: 4 Killed, 32 Injured In A Blast In Balochistan
US: Biden Names Hillary Clinton, Ralph Lauren, Messi, Soros For Presidential Medal Of Freedom
US: NSA Sullivan To Visit India On January 5 To Finalise Important Ongoing Initiatives
Myanmar Releases Thousands Of Prisoners To mark Independence Day
Latest Stories
Daily Horoscope, January 4, 2025: Check Today's Astrological Prediction For Your Zodiac Sign
War And Peace: A Fractured World In Images
Rohit Sharma 'Retirement': Jovial India Captain Clears The Air During Sydney Lunch
Parental Consent Mandatory To Create Children's Accounts, Says Centre On Draft Social Media Rules
IND Vs AUS, 5th Test: Injured Jasprit Bumrah Leaves SCG, Virat Kohli Leading India Against Australia
Weekly Horoscope For January 5th To January 11th: Dive Into Complete Astrological Forecasts For Every Zodiac Sign
Fred Kerley Arrested In Florida: Paris Olympic Medallist Tasered After Police Confrontation - Video
Delhi Weather: Dense Fog Leads To Zero Visibility, GRAP 3 Imposed; Hundreds Of Flights Impacted
GROUP PUBLICATIONS
About Us
Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Compliance

Copyright © 2025 Outlook Publishing India Pvt Ltd. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.

Subscribe to Outlook India notifications. Choose categories below and click Allow.

News
Sports
Cricket

Allow

Deny
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.outlookindia.com/sports/asian-games-2023-pakistan-vs-afghanistan-live-scores-and-updates-men-s-cricket-semi-final-2-hangzhou-news-322695 
 ----- 
