Skip to main content
Golden State Of Mind homepage
a Golden State Warriors community
Follow Golden State Of Mind online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Golden State Of Mind main menu
FANPOSTS
SECTIONS 
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

WARRIORS NEWS
 
NBA NEWS AND RUMORS
 
WARRIORS RUMORS
Dub Hub: Steve Kerr praises the team’s ‘shooting depth’ after preseason win vs. Kings

Rounding up all Warriors and NBA related news for Thursday, October 10th.

By Ricko Mendoza  Oct 10, 2024, 10:00am PDT  10 Comments / 10 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options
In today’s Dub Hub:
Steve Kerr explains why he likes the “shooting depth” of this year’s Warriors team after they made 28 threes in their 122-112 victory over the Kings.
Warriors interview newcomer Buddy Hield to explain his career journey from the Bahamas to now the Bay Area.
NBA cancels Friday’s preseason game between the Magic and the Pelicans due to Hurricane Milton.

The Golden State Warriors put on a shooting clinic Wednesday night, defeating the Sacramento Kings 122-112 in their second stint of preseason action. Golden State fired off 52 three-pointers, converting 28 of them—just one shy of the regular-season record of 29 (set by the Milwaukee Bucks in 2020). New addition to the team Buddy Hield was on fire, knocking down 6-of-7 from beyond the arc, while Jonathan Kuminga and De’Anthony Melton each added four triples of their own.

Head coach Steve Kerr has made it clear since the start of training camp that he wants the Warriors to be a high-volume three-point shooting team. With 100 attempts across their first two preseason games, they’re well on their way to establishing that identity.

After last night’s win, Kerr praised the team’s “shooting depth,” noting how having multiple high-volume shooters on the roster helps fill the void left by Klay Thompson’s departure.

For more on this and other news around the NBA, here is our latest news round-up for Thursday, October 10th:

Warriors News:
Warriors splash 28 threes in last night’s win vs. the Kings
The Warriors are talking like they want to lead the NBA in attempted 3s | The Athletic

But still, the Warriors have taken 100 in two games — more than an attempted 3 per minute — and keep telling the public that this is exactly how they want to play and what Kerr has been continually emphasizing.

“The math just doesn’t add up (if you don’t take a bunch),” Kerr said. “Especially for us. We’re not a team that gets to the free-throw line much. It’d be hard for us to win a lot of games unless we shoot a high volume of 3s.”

What we learned as JK, Buddy lift Warriors to preseason win vs. Kings | NBC Sports Bay Area

New Starting Five

Steve Kerr has said this training camp and the preseason is all about finding the right combinations to determine who fits best together. The first group he went with Saturday in Hawaii was Steph Curry, De’Anthony Melton, Jonathan Kuminga, Draymond Green and Trayce Jackson-Davis. In the second game of the preseason, Kerr opted to swap Brandin Podziemski in for Melton and Kevon Looney replaced Jackson-Davis at center.

That starting five didn’t play together once all of last season.

When Kerr turned to his bench the first time four days ago, the Warriors trailed 17-12. The new-look starting five was down 16-13 before Kerr made his first swap Wednesday night, sending in Jackson-Davis for Looney. Curry then tied the game seconds later with a 3-pointer.

What Melton’s fitting nickname says about new Warriors guard | NBC Sports Bay Area

In an exclusive interview with NBC Sports Bay Area’s Kerith Burke at Warriors Media Day, Melton explained the origin of his “Mr. Do Something” nickname.

“From [Bally Sports Southeast Grizzlies color commentator] Brevin Knight in Memphis, one of the announcers,” Melton told Burke. “From when I first started playing he was like ‘He’s always doing something, call him ‘Mr. Do Something.’’ So he came up with that. Honestly, at first, I didn’t like it. I just thought it was like ‘Go out there and do something,’ like ‘You’re not doing nothing.’ But as time went on it grew on me. The fans started to like it more.”

Interview with new Warriors shooting guard Buddy Hield
NBA News:
Magic-Pelicans preseason game canceled due to Hurricane Milton | NBA

Orlando was playing at San Antonio on Wednesday night and was scheduled to return to central Florida on Thursday. Those plans are now in flux because of the storm, which made landfall near Siesta Key, Florida, on Wednesday evening and was moving across the state with wind gusts exceeding 100 mph and several inches of rain forecast for some areas.

“There’s always things bigger than the game of basketball and that’s what we have to keep our perspective on,” Magic coach Jamahl Mosley said. “Knowing that there’s families and homes and situations that are going through a tough time right now, we need to be mindful of that and conscious of it.”

NBA preseason 2024-25: One big question for Knicks, Lakers, more | ESPN

How is Zach Edey developing around Ja Morant and the veterans?

Marcus Smart’s first impression of the Grizzlies’ lottery pick is the same as most people who stand next to Edey: “Motherf---er’s big.”

The 7-foot-4 Edey, who has slimmed down to 290 pounds, is stepping right into a large role as the starting center on a Grizzlies team that expects to rebound from last season’s injury-ravaged 27-win campaign. Edey, the Rookie of the Year betting favorite, is also making a big adjustment from back-to-the-basket, go-to guy in college to a cog in an up-tempo machine in the NBA.

New Spurs’ point guard Chris Paul throws highlight lob to Victor Wembanyama
In case you missed it at Golden State of Mind:
Oakland Arena to reportedly host several events for 2025 NBA All-Star Weekend

This is a relatively minor decision, but amidst the context of Oakland sports, it remains a stark contrast to MLB’s willingness to fully abandon Oakland and build an adversarial relationship with the city as they allow Oakland Athletics owner John Fisher to try and move the team elsewhere. The Warriors and the NBA at least seem to care about the optics of making Oakland a part of their story. It still leaves something to be desired, but boy is it better than MLB’s clown show.

Follow @unstoppablebaby on Twitter for all the latest news on the Golden State Warriors.

MORE FROM GOLDEN STATE OF MIND
Player grades: Warriors vs. Pacers
Shorthanded Warriors fall short
NBA L2M: Warriors vs. Pistons
Could Dennis Schroder be a Lakers sleeper agent?
Warriors vs. Pacers injury report
How to watch Warriors vs. Pacers
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Golden State of Mind Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Golden State Warriors news from Golden State of Mind
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.goldenstateofmind.com/2024/10/10/24267057/dub-hub-steve-kerr-praises-the-teams-shooting-depth-after-preseason-win-vs-kings-warriors 
 ----- 
