Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
What we learned in DeRozan's perfect Kings preseason debut vs. Warriors
Tristi Rodriguez
Thu, Oct 10, 2024·4 min read
2

What we learned in DeRozan's perfect Kings preseason debut vs. Warriors originally appeared on NBC Sports Bay Area

BOX SCORE

SACRAMENTO -- There was good, bad and ugly in the Kings’ 122-112 loss to the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday night at Golden 1 Center.

But relax. It was just the preseason opener.

While Sacramento undoubtedly has a long list of items to work on before the 2024-25 NBA regular season starts later this month, plenty of positives can be taken from the defeat.

The biggest? DeMar DeRozan, who was perfect in his unofficial Sacramento debut. No, literally. He didn’t miss a single shot he attempted, connecting on 6 of 6 for 15 points in 15 first-half minutes.

De’Aaron Fox and Domantas Sabonis each added 11 points, with the latter also racking up eight rebounds and four assists.

Keegan Murray looked sharp on both ends of the floor as he works his way toward becoming a two-way star, finishing with eight points on 4-of-6 shooting, two rebounds and one assist.

Keon Ellis scored just two points, but he had the primary job of defending Warriors superstar Steph Curry, who finished with 13 points on 5-of-8 shooting from the field and 3 of 6 on 3-pointers in 16 minutes.

The Warriors' leading scorer was former Kings guard-turned-nemesis Buddy Hield, who finished with a game-high 22 points on 8-of-9 shooting from the field and 6 of 7 on 3-pointers in just 19 minutes. He was booed by the G1C crowd when he entered the game and sporadically thereafter, but he wasn’t fazed by it.

Here are three takeaways from the Kings' loss:

All eyes on DeRozan

In his unofficial Kings debut, DeRozan looked like he fit right in with his new squad.

Just 47 seconds into Sacramento’s 2024 preseason opener, DeRozan scored his first points off a Sabonis dribble hand-off, which coach Mike Brown hopes will open many opportunities for the Kings' offense this season.

DeRozan had 10 points by the end of the first quarter, and he added five more to close the half. In addition to making all his field-goal attempts, he also knocked down both of his free-throw tries.

Not bad for the new guy in town.

The bench and the new guys

Other than DeRozan, the Kings made several other under-the-radar moves this offseason.

DeRozan should be the only new player in Sacramento's starting lineup this season, but the team's other acquisitions will compete for minutes once the regular season rolls around. This is the time to prove they deserve the opportunity.

Jordan McLaughlin, Devin Carter and Orlando Robinson all sat out because of their respective injuries, but Boogie Ellis, an undrafted free agent who signed a contract after his standout summer league showing, turned heads in his limited minutes. The USC product finished with 10 points on 4-of-10 shooting from the field and 2 of 6 on 3-pointers.

Jalen McDaniels, acquired in a trade with the Toronto Raptors, played 21 minutes -- some with the starting unit -- and finished with six points on 2-of-8 shooting from the field, with four rebounds and one steal.

Isaac Jones, another undrafted free agent, added 10 points in 20 minutes. He signed a two-way contract with the Kings over the summer.

Veteran Kings center Alex Len also impressed, falling only one rebound shy of a double-double, with 10 points on 5 of 7 shooting, nine rebounds, five assists and one steal.

Mason Jones, a veteran guard who played in five games for the Kings last season, chipped in seven points.

Sacramento's Sixth Man shows out

He's so back.

DeRozan received the loudest ovation during introductions, but the reaction to Monk entering the game at the 6:02 mark of the first quarter wasn't far behind.

Sacramento loves its sixth man, who re-signed this offseason on a four-year, $78 million contract, and he showed exactly why.

When Monk gets going -- no matter when that is -- it's hard to turn off that switch. From deep 3s to big finishes at the rim, his energy is unreplaceable.

Monk exited the game at the 8:18 mark of the second quarter, and The Sacramento Bee’s Jason Anderson cited a source in reporting that it was for personal reasons and not injury related.

Download and follow The Deuce & Mo Podcast

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Sacramento Kings fire coach Mike Brown after disappointing 13–18 start

The Sacramento Kings fired head coach Mike Brown, ESPN's Shams Charania reported Friday. The Kings are currently on a five-game losing streak.

15d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Ohio State opens as 9.5-point favorite over Notre Dame in national title game

The Buckeyes and Fighting Irish will meet on Jan. 20 in Atlanta.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Jack Sawyer's fumble return TD cements Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will meet Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
Nick Saban elected to 2025 College Football Hall of Fame class

Saban won seven college football national championships, six of them during a legendary run at Alabama.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cotton Bowl score, results: Ohio State handles Texas, advances to title game

The title game is set.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
MLB bans Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts in 2024 World Series from all ballparks indefinitely

The two fans who tried to pry a ball out of Betts' glove during the World Series now face arrest if they are seen at an MLB event.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
CFP semifinal reactions: Did Notre Dame get LUCKY? and where it ALL went wrong for Penn State | College Football Power Hour

Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz & Adam Breneman react to this Orange Bowl ‘instant classic’ as Notre Dame defeats Penn State 27-24.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
LSU WR Kyren Lacy wanted on charges of negligent homicide and hit-and-run

Lacy declared for the 2025 NFL Draft two days after the crash occurred.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck commits to Miami for final season of college football

Beck had entered the 2025 NFL Draft before heading into the transfer portal.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL Wild Card Round: Top DFS picks and fades

The wild-card round is here — Scott Pianowski helps you build your daily fantasy lineups.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
2024 NFL All-Pro team announced, led by Lamar Jackson at QB

The Lions and Ravens led with four players each named first-team All-Pro.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fact of Fiction: Zion Williamson should have a trade market

The Pelicans star's impact has been more theoretical than actual. Is there anywhere but New Orleans that still wants to test that theory?

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cavs prove they are legit title contenders & imagining a Wemby-Zion pairing in San Antonio | Kevin O'Connor Show

On this episode of the Kevin O'Connor Show, Tom Haberstroh hops on to discuss the instant classic between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Oklahoma City Thunder and of course the latest trade rumors as we inch closer to the deadline. Also, Zion Williamson's return, Bradley Beal and Jimmy Butler trade rumors, Golden State frustrations and more.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal

Mitch Jeter hit a 41-yard kick with seven seconds to go.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
After another heartbreaking loss, will James Franklin and Penn State ever get over the hump?

Notre Dame is playing for a national title for the first time in 12 seasons, and Penn State has come up short yet again in a big-time matchup.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/learned-derozans-perfect-kings-preseason-052541562.html 
 ----- 
