Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Steve Kerr Makes Honest Statement After Warriors-Kings Game
Steve Kerr spoke to the media after the Warriors beat the Kings.
Ben Stinar | Oct 10, 2024
Apr 23, 2023; San Francisco, California, USA; Golden State Warriors head coach Steve Kerr talks to media members before game four of the 2023 NBA playoffs against the Sacramento Kings at Chase Center. Mandatory Credit: Darren Yamashita-Imagn Images / Darren Yamashita-Imagn Images

On Wednesday evening, the Golden State Warriors played their second preseason game when they faced off against the Sacramento Kings.

The Warriors are going into their first season (in 13 years) without Klay Thompson as a member of the roster.

That said, the team added a lot of depth (and shooting) over the offseason by signing Buddy Hield, Kyle Anderson and De'Anthony Melton.

Via The Golden State Warriors: "The Dubs made 28 threes last night.

Our franchise record for a regular-season game is 27.

☔️☔️☔️☔️"

After the Warriors beat the Kings by a score of 122-112, head coach Steve Kerr spoke about the situation (h/t 95.7 The Game).

Kerr: "What I like about this team, even though we've lost Klay, we have more shooting depth. We have more guys who can step in from one night to the next and make threes."

The Warriors improved to 2-0 in the preseason with the victory over Sacramento.

They were led by Buddy Hield, who finished with 22 points, three rebounds and one assist while shooting 8/9 from the field and 6/7 from the three-point range in just 19 minutes of playing time.

Kerr (via the Warriors): "(Buddy) brings great energy every single day. He's got a smile on his face... He just works. He puts in so much time, and loves the game."

The Warriors will open up the regular season on October 23 when they visit Scoot Henderson and the Portland Trail Blazers in Oregon.

Last season, they missed the NBA playoffs.

Published Oct 10, 2024|Modified Oct 10, 2024
BEN STINAR

Ben Stinar is the NBA reporter for Fastbreak on FanNation.

Follow @BenStinar

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/nba/fastbreak/steve-kerr-makes-honest-statement-after-warriors-kings-game 
 ----- 
