Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Steph Curry's Statement After Warriors-Kings Goes Viral
The Golden State Warriors are now 2-0 in NBA preseason.
Joey Linn | Oct 10, 2024
Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry (30) against the Sacramento Kings at Golden 1 Center. / Ed Szczepanski-Imagn Images
In this story:
Golden State Warriors
Sacramento Kings

The Golden State Warriors followed their buzzer-beating victory over the LA Clippers in Hawaii with another impressive NBA preseason win over the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday.

Making 28 three-pointers, Golden State defeated Sacramento 122-112 to move to a perfect 2-0 in preseason. After struggling with his shot on Saturday against the Clippers, star point guard Steph Curry scored 13 points on 5/8 shooting and 3/6 from three-point range in the win over Sacramento.

Entering his 16th season in the NBA, Curry showed with Team USA at the Paris Olympics that he is still one of the best players in basketball.

Speaking on the broadcast after the game, Curry made a statement that went viral.

“The season is fun,” Curry said. “Competing with my guys, trying to chase another championship. You know that the ball is gonna stop bouncing at some point. For me, I love this environment, I love being out there on the floor.”

Curry added, “You miss it over the summer. When you’re back out here looking forward to that 82-game schedule, you know you’re gonna have so much fun trying to figure out what this team needs to do to be successful.”

This post received over 150,000 views and 5,300 likes on X. 

At 36 years old, Curry knows he and this Warriors group do not have endless time to contend for titles. While many feel those days are already behind this iteration of the Warriors, Curry can make a lot happen.

Related Articles

Draymond Green's Reaction to Steph Curry's Incredible Shot in USA-France Goes Viral

Boston Celtics Legend Slams Steve Kerr for Controversial Jayson Tatum Decision

Caitlin Clark's Two-Word Reaction to Steph Curry's Performance in USA-France

Published Oct 10, 2024
JOEY LINN

Title: Credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation Email: joeylinn52@gmail.com Education: Communication Studies degree from Biola University Location: Los Angeles, California Expertise: NBA analysis and reporting Experience: Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Follow joeylinn_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/warriors/news/steph-curry-s-statement-after-warriors-kings-goes-viral-01j9vqedn9ce 
 ----- 
