 
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Soccer
Premier League
MLS
NFL
NBA
MLB
NHL
Boxing
MMA
Golf
Tennis
F1
WWE
More
Login
Privacy Policy Feedback
Sunday, Dec 29th 2024 1PM 63°F 
4PM 63°F 
5-Day Forecast
ADVERTISEMENT
Nicolas Jackson dealt injury blow as scans show Chelsea striker suffered 'serious sprain of the ankle' while on international duty with Senegal
Nicolas Jackson suffered an ankle injury last Thursday while playing for Senegal
The Senegalese FA have since described Jackson's injury as 'a serious sprain'
Click here to follow Mail Sport's Euro 2024 WhatsApp Channel for all the latest breaking news and updates from Germany 

By ROBERT SUMMERSCALES

PUBLISHED: 10:18 EST, 10 June 2024 | UPDATED: 10:59 EST, 10 June 2024

e-mail

7

View comments

It is feared that Nicolas Jackson may not be fully fit for the start of Chelsea's pre-season campaign after suffering an ankle injury while playing for Senegal last week.

Jackson limped out of his country's 1-1 draw against DR Congo in Diamniadio in a World Cup qualifier on Thursday.

The 22-year-old was subsequently unavailable for Sunday's 1-0 victory over Mauritania.

A statement published by the Senegalese FA has since provided an update regarding the severity of Jackson's injury.

It read: 'Nicolas Jackson injured his right ankle during the Senegal-DRC match on June 6, 2024. Radiology examinations (MRI) carried out on June 7 revealed a serious sprain of the ankle.'

+
4
View gallery

Chelsea striker Nicolas Jackson could miss the start of pre-season with an ankle injury

+
4
View gallery

Jackson scored 14 goals in 34 Premier League appearances for Chelsea last season

TRENDING
Shohei Ohtani announces life-changing personal news in rare statement
86.3k viewing now
College football fans want player banned after 'disgusting' act
79.8k viewing now
Tyson, 58, shares heartbreaking revelation one month on from Paul loss
55.8k viewing now

New Chelsea manager Enzo Maresca will be hoping that Jackson can recover well over the summer and be ready to go when the club's pre-season tour of the USA kicks off with a friendly against Wrexham on July 24.

Maresca's men will also take on Celtic, Club America, Manchester City and Real Madrid during their visit to the States.

The Maresca era will then begin in earnest in the third weekend in August when the 2024/25 edition of the Premier League gets underway.

Jackson scored 14 league goals in his first season as a Chelsea player following last summer's £35 million transfer from Villarreal.

He was one of only two Blues players to reach double digits, along with 22-goal star Cole Palmer. 

+
4
View gallery

Jackson suffered his ankle injury while playing for Senegal in a World Cup qualifier last week

+
4
View gallery

New manager Enzo Maresca will be hoping to have Jackson fit before Chelsea fly to the USA

Podcast
All episodes
LISTEN: On today's EUROS DAILY - Should England drop Bellingham?
 
EUROS DAILY: Why Gary Lineker is WRONG about journalists
 
Are Harry Kane and Declan Rice right to bite back at Gary Lineker?
 
LISTEN: Do Portugal need Cristiano Ronaldo or are they scared of him?
 
LISTEN: On today's EUROS DAILY, what's happening with Harry Kane?
Play on
Apple
Spotify

Jackson and Palmer's goals helped Chelsea finish sixth in the Premier League last season.

That resulted in the Stamford Bridge club qualifying for the UEFA Europa Conference League.

Chelsea will enter the Conference League in the play-off round, starting on August 22.

Share or comment on this article: Nicolas Jackson dealt injury blow as scans show Chelsea striker suffered 'serious sprain of the ankle' while on international duty with Senegal
e-mail
Bing
Site Web
Enter search term:
Search
 
 
STARS OF SPORT
College football star stomped on by Arkansas' Fernando Carmona breaks his silence amid calls for rival to be banned
College football fans want Arkansas' Fernando Carmona banned for life after his 'disgusting' act
Taylor Swift fans give the same verdict on Travis Kelce's latest date night outfit
Former Jets coach Eric Mangini makes shock accusation against Aaron Rodgers
ADVERTISEMENT
Michael Penix Jr. announces bombshell news days after replacing Kirk Cousins as Atlanta Falcons QB
ADVERTISEMENT
 
KEEP UPDATED WITH DAILY MAIL SPORT USA ON TIKTOK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MORE SPORTS STARS
ADVERTISEMENT
Olivia Ponton drops Joe Burrow romance hint with cryptic message before Bengals win
Amid romance speculation 
Inside Tom Brady's Las Vegas gamble as the NFL icon prepares to take the helm at the Raiders
Michael Strahan's daughter gives cancer update from the Bahamas
After receiving treatment for a brain tumor earlier this year 
Sydney Thomas stuns in tight outfit at first NBA game as viral boxing ring girl enjoys VIP treatment courtside
ADVERTISEMENT
Ja'Marr Chase gives three-word verdict on Joe Burrow after Bengals' huge win over the Broncos
John Legend and wife Chrissy Teigen show that not all Americans follow our beautiful game as she confuses 'underdog' Chelsea with Ipswich on Arsenal trip
The eye-watering bonus Jim Harbaugh has banked after leading LA Chargers to playoffs
Mike Tyson, 58, shares heartbreaking revelation one month on from Jake Paul defeat
Referee left bloodied after suffering gruesome cut in wild brawl at college football game
Shohei Ohtani announces his wife Mamiko Tanaka is pregnant
Brings MLB star's whirlwind year to an astonishing end 
Philadelphia Eagles legend Bill Bergey dies at 79 after three-year cancer battle, family reveals
Fans fume as Bengals star Chase Brown suffers worrying injury after 'pointless' tactic
Cowboys coach Mike McCarthy 'hires Tom Brady's agent and could quit' after miserable season in Dallas
Tyreek Hill drops major hint he could be traded to the Los Angeles Chargers
ADVERTISEMENT
West Ham hero reveals heartbreaking reason why he has stopped cancer treatment as former footballer opens up on health battle
Premier League: Live score and updates from Sunday's afternoon kick-offs as Spurs concede a late equaliser against Wolves to remain in the bottom half, while Fo...
Buyer of Michael Jordan's cut-price $9.5m Chicago mansion revealed
Plans to honor legacy of NBA great after putting him out of misery 
West Ham vs Liverpool - Premier League: Live score, team news and updates as Mo Salah denied by superb early save as Arne Slot's side look to move nine points c...
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce take their relationship to the next level with life-changing move
Tottenham make decision on Ange Postecoglou as crunch clash emerges as key to Australian's future as manager
Travis Kelce gets emotional $120,000 Christmas gift from Chiefs teammates after his $6m home was robbed
Was delighted with it 
Ex-Mississippi State running back Dontae Walker, who served jail time for drug possession, dead
Andre Onana is urged to LEAVE Man United by former Old Trafford flop - with under-fire goalkeeper told it's 'pointless' to stay at the club because he's 'not cu...
Revealed: Bizarre reason Jorginho's form dipped at Chelsea 'shared by beautician involved in late-night showdown with Arsenal star's fiancee'
ADVERTISEMENT
Shocking details emerge about cop who pinned Dolphins player Tyreek Hill to the floor
The sportswomen earning most on OnlyFans... featuring Olympic stunners and a racing driver-turned pornstar
Lions QB Jared Goff reveals why he has 'issue' with 49ers' Brock Purdy: 'Got to relax'
NBA icon Isiah Thomas, 63, reveals shock health news
NFL quarterback doubtful for Sunday showdown with playoff hopes hanging by a thread
Rickey Henderson's cause of death is revealed following MLB legend's shock passing at 65
World's greatest chess player Magnus Carlsen quits tournament after being told he cannot play while wearing jeans
Man City fans mock their side's woeful form with hilarious three-word chant after taking the lead against Leicester
Why 2025 will be the year Mo Salah dethrones King Henry as the Premier League's greatest, writes DANNY MURPHY
Revealed: Pep Guardiola's 'FIVE-MAN wishlist to improve Man City' as he 'eyes up big-money midfielders and in-demand Premier League defender' in bid to stop the...
Staggering amount Beyonce was paid by Netflix to perform at halftime of Ravens-Texans NFL game
For Christmas Day spectacle in Houston
Travis Kelce recharges with Taylor Swift in romantic New York trip
After spending his Christmas Day on the football field 
Cam Newton slammed for bold WNBA prediction with fans calling it the 'worst take of 2024'
Leicester City 0-2 Manchester City: Erling Haaland ends goal drought as Pep Guardiola's men earn first win in five against stubborn Foxes side
Are Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodriguez secretly MARRIED? Football superstar's slip of the tongue at awards gala sets off the rumour mill
ADVERTISEMENT
Leicester vs Man City - Premier League RECAP: Pep Guardiola's star man comes to his boss's rescue with much-needed goal as champions edge towards finally ending...
Micah Parsons divides opinion with controversial Joe Burrow statement after Bengals QB's heroics vs Broncos
Marc Guehi 'wants to join Liverpool and is willing to wait to get his move' with his contract ticking down - as Crystal Palace 'eye up Reds wonderkid as part of...
Why parents are getting their kids FAKE kits for Christmas: Incredible data shows fed up fans are turning to knock offs in their droves… so, which Premier Leagu...
Bukayo Saka breaks silence on his hamstring injury with an update to fans from his hospital bed... as Arsenal star prepares for 'up to two months' on the sideli...
French swimmers reveal shocking state of their Olympic bronze medals four months on from Paris 2024 - after terrible conditions of medals went viral in summer
Real Madrid are convinced Trent Alexander-Arnold will join them for free at the end of the season - and have ALREADY planned for his arrival ahead of the Januar...
Swiss Olympic skier Gino Caviezel, 30, is airlifted to hospital after serious crash in Italy in latest incident on slope set to be used at 2026 Winter Games
Pat McAfee accused of firing off at ESPN rival Stephen A. Smith after Shannon Sharpe hit out at a colleague
Dave Portnoy gives brutal verdict on Beyonce's halftime show during Texans-Ravens Christmas game
ADVERTISEMENT
Everyone spots the same thing in LeBron James' Christmas post with wife Savannah and their kids Bronny, Bryce and Zhuri
Happy families 
Cleveland Browns make major decision on Deshaun Watson's $230million contract
Clay Travis accuses Ryan Clark of using his race 'to mask his insecurities' in astonishing attack
Tottenham January transfer briefing: who are they after, what do they need and who might leave?
The story of how Newcastle's liquid-limbed goal machine Alexander Isak became football's hottest property - and the secret to keeping him at the club, writes CR...
Danica Patrick reveals why she got a back tattoo as she points out easiest way to spot a Republican
Beyoncé sparks frenzied social media reaction as she flashes bold gesture during halftime show in first appearance since Jay-Z rape claim
Kyrie Irving says what everyone is thinking after fight erupts between Phoenix Suns and Dallas Mavericks
The big-money summer signing who already needs to go, the great survivor at the back and the Premier League hotshot he should make a move for…  CHRIS SUTTON rev...
Jurgen Klopp sent F1 offer just days before starting his new Red Bull role... as Helmut Marko admits he would 'LOVE' to team up with the former Liverpool manage...
ADVERTISEMENT
Man United 'eyeing up £30m move for Brighton goalkeeper Bart Verbruggen with Red Devils on the hunt for replacement for unsettled Andre Onana'
Nottingham Forest forced into late change just minutes before clash with Everton - after star hit with injury in the warm-up
Inside Michael Johnson's athletics revolution: Olympic legend reveals his superplan to challenge tennis and golf... and the two-word mantra epitomising the Amer...
Trent Alexander-Arnold's 'move to Real Madrid is almost complete', claims bombshell report in Spain - with Liverpool star 'ignoring offers to stay at Anfield' a...
Man United to 'cut the funding to their own CHARITY' as 'Scrooge' co-owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe continues controversial penny-pinching despite fierce criticism
Granit Xhaka shows off dramatic new haircut as the former Arsenal star makes the most of festive period downtime by hitting the ski slopes with his family
Tottenham 2-2 Wolves: Jorgen Strand Larsen's late equaliser heaps more pressure on Ange Postecoglou as Vitor Pereira's unbeaten start continues
Bruno Fernandes is now a liability for Man United. With the damage he does to those around him, Ruben Amorim must consider his future, writes GRAEME SOUNESS
Ultimate club-by-club guide for the January transfer window: What Man United plan to do with Marcus Rashford... and the Euro 2024 star who could save Man City's...
'S**t happens': Fans are left shocked as Man City star Erling Haaland swears in post-match interview after win against Leicester
ADVERTISEMENT
Fans are all saying the same thing about rendition of the National Anthem before NFL Christmas game
Texas natives Pentatonix performed
Rio Ferdinand insists Arne Slot is NOT the Premier League's manager of the season so far in a heated debate with Owen Hargreaves - as he claims the Liverpool bo...
What has happened to Pete Sampras since he retired and why has he shied away from fame?
EXCLUSIVEAEW's Chris Jericho reveals the only person who can tell him to stop wrestling after 'please retire' chants
There will come a time when he quits  
Seattle fans demand DK Metcalf is traded after shocking moment in Bears-Seahawks game
Another outburst from the wide receiver in Chicago
Golf star Viktor Hovland suffers a freak injury in the BEDROOM - putting PGA Tour opener participation in doubt
ADVERTISEMENT
Yankees star Aaron Judge and his wife get life-changing news
After he suffered heartbreaking World Series defeat against the Dodgers
Ruben Amorim names one Man United star who has proven his critics wrong and declares him an 'example' despite Red Devils' nightmare season
Luke Littler left baffled by World Darts Championship opponent's pre-match claim ahead of Ally Pally last-16 clash: 'Not good for his game'
Ralf Schumacher aims fresh dig at Lewis Hamilton ahead of Ferrari move as he names the key difference between Briton and his superstar brother Michael
ADVERTISEMENT
ESPN staffer dies days before Christmas as emotional colleague fights back the tears during on-air tribute
Ruben Amorim was NOT anywhere near Man United's first choice and his team looks lost: IAN LADYMAN on how the new manager has talked the talk... but still has a ...
Boxer Paul Bamba dies aged 35... just six days after his final fight and weeks after signing with Ne-Yo
Was named WBA Gold Cruiserweight champion
Sam Kerr and her parents met by troubled ex-AFL player brother at Perth airport - after racing back from Matildas teammate's wedding when a ute struck her grand...
Former Premier League hardman named Stoke's new caretaker manager... as Narcis Pelach is sacked after just three months in charge of Championship club
Shock moment controversial 7ft NBA star Joel Embiid screams at female referee before being ejected
Former college football quarterback Tommy Lazzaro dies aged 27
Scottie Scheffler undergoes surgery after freak accident preparing Christmas dinner
Scheffler was will miss the 2025 season-opener in Hawaii next month
Revealed: Newcastle 'set HUGE asking price for Alexander Isak'... with top clubs including Arsenal, Real Madrid and Liverpool 'interested in the in-form striker...
Patrick Mahomes drops major hint over wife Brittany's due date as couple awaits their third child
ADVERTISEMENT
Former Premier League star emerges as front-runner for West Brom job - after Carlos Corberan left the Baggies to join Valencia on Christmas Eve
NBA star Luka Doncic robbed as concerning trend continues after Travis Kelce and Patrick Mahomes break-ins
Ligue 1's official account hits back at Cristiano Ronaldo with brutal six-word post - after Al-Nassr star doubled down on criticism of French top flight
Australian trans golfer banned from professional circuit after bombshell rule change
Everton 0-2 Nottingham Forest: Nuno Espirito Santo's side move up to SECOND with fifth Premier League win in a row courtesy of goals from Chris Wood and Morgan ...
Mohamed Salah is criticised by Muslim fans after Liverpool star shares latest picture with wife and children in front of a Christmas tree
All 20 Premier League stadiums ranked from worst to best: find out where your club rates in our expert's definitive guide to the best atmospheres, aesthetics, p...
Chiefs heiress Gracie Hunt reveals how her new boyfriend has Patrick Mahomes' seal of approval
She went public with her relationship this year
Patrick Mahomes' mom gives concerning update on her father's health
Months after she shared a picture of her daughter Mia sat by a hospital bed
UFC legend set for shock return to the octagon after secretly returning to drug testing pool… despite Dana White HATING the idea
Follow
Daily Mail Sport
 
Subscribe
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@mailsport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@MailSport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
Get the Football RSS feed
RSS
 
My Yahoo!
 
Feedly
More RSS feeds...
Today's headlines
Most Read
West Ham vs Liverpool - Premier League: Live score, team news and updates as Mo Salah denied by superb early...
Tottenham 2-2 Wolves: Jorgen Strand Larsen's late equaliser heaps more pressure on Ange Postecoglou as Vitor...
The big-money summer signing who already needs to go, the great survivor at the back and the Premier League...
Leicester City 0-2 Manchester City: Erling Haaland ends goal drought as Pep Guardiola's men earn first win...
Man City fans mock their side's woeful form with hilarious three-word chant after taking the lead against...
Everton 0-2 Nottingham Forest: Nuno Espirito Santo's side move up to SECOND with fifth Premier League win in...
Man United to 'cut the funding to their own CHARITY' as 'Scrooge' co-owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe continues...
Ultimate club-by-club guide for the January transfer window: What Man United plan to do with Marcus...
PLAY TEAMSHEET: Can YOU name the Liverpool team that scraped past West Ham 15 years ago?
'S**t happens': Fans are left shocked as Man City star Erling Haaland swears in post-match interview after...
The story of how Newcastle's liquid-limbed goal machine Alexander Isak became football's hottest property -...
Inside a wild Christmas with the Marlers! Ex-England star JOE MARLER opens up on his favourite festive...
Crystal Palace 2-1 Southampton: Struggling Saints' dismal form continues as winless run is extended to 10...
Fulham 2-2 Bournemouth: Dango Ouattara chips home to rescue point for the Cherries as surprise packages both...
Revealed: Bizarre reason Jorginho's form dipped at Chelsea 'shared by beautician involved in late-night...
Inside Michael Johnson's athletics revolution: Olympic legend reveals his superplan to challenge tennis and...
Tottenham January transfer briefing: who are they after, what do they need and who might leave?
Luke Littler left baffled by World Darts Championship opponent's pre-match claim ahead of Ally Pally last-16...
Andre Onana is urged to LEAVE Man United by former Old Trafford flop - with under-fire goalkeeper told it's...
West Ham hero reveals heartbreaking reason why he has stopped cancer treatment as former footballer opens up...
MORE HEADLINES
Back to top
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Sitemap Archive Video Archive Authors Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group

dmg media
Contact us How to complain Leadership Team Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Do not sell or share my personal information CA Privacy Notice About MailOnline Privacy policy & cookies 
DMG Media and its partners use cookies and other technologies to collect user data  from your device, so that:
We can deliver content and advertising that's relevant to you 
We give you the best experience
Control how your data is used and view more info at any
time via the Cookie Settings link in our Privacy Policy
View more info
Got it
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-13513963/Nicolas-Jackson-ankle-injury-chelsea-senegal.html 
 ----- 
