MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
Published Jan. 8, 2025 12:10 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK

Trae Young hit a buzzer-beating 3-pointer from beyond the half-court line to give the Atlanta Hawks a 124-121 victory over the Utah Jazz on Tuesday night.

Young took an inbounds pass, dribbled to just short of half court and hit the 49-foot winner as time expired while being loosely guarded by Collin Sexton, who had seemingly forced overtime with a tying 3-pointer with four seconds remaining.

Young finished with 24 points and 20 assists. Dyson Daniels added 16 points, seven assists, and six rebounds for the Hawks, who snapped a three-game skid. Clint Capela scored 18 points and De'Andre Hunter 17.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Lauri Markkanen made a season-high eight 3-pointers and scored a season-best 35 points for Utah. Sexton added 24 points and Walker Kessler finished with 21 points and 10 rebounds.

Utah scored on five straight possessions and took a 114-113 lead on back-to-back dunks from Kessler. Young hit a step-back 3-pointer to put Atlanta back in front, and fed Hunter for another go-ahead 3 with 1:57 left.

Atlanta
Hawks
124
FINAL
121
Utah
Jazz
UTA +5.5 OVER 239
Takeaways

Hawks: Atlanta used a balanced attack with seven players scoring in double figures.

Get your new powerful iPhone with our best deals.
Save big on Apple iPhone.
Verizon Wireless|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
7 Ways to Retire Comfortably With $1M
How long will your portfolio last in retirement? For those with a $1 million portfolio, get this guide to learn more.
Fisher Investments|Sponsored
Ravens vs. Steelers takeaways: Derrick Henry makes Baltimore a Super Bowl threat
The Ravens cruised to a 28-14 victory Saturday night over the Steelers in the wild-card round of the playoffs. Here's what we learned from the game.
2024 NFL Wild Card picks, predictions: Back Russell Wilson Under passing yards
Geoff Schwartz is back with his best bets for Wild Card Weekend. Find out why he's backing the Bucs to cover the first half and how he's wagering on Russell...

Jazz: Utah fell behind by 14 points in the first quarter and 16 in the second before battling back both times and making it a one-possession game by halftime.

Key moment

Young's heave at the buzzer snapped the Hawks' skid and was the team's fifth in its last eight games.

Key stat

Utah has won just twice in 15 home games.

Up next

The Hawks finish a six-game road swing at Phoenix on Thursday. The Jazz host Miami on Thursday.

Reporting by The Associated Press.

[Want great stories delivered right to your inbox? Create or log in to your FOX Sports account, follow leagues, teams and players to receive a personalized newsletter daily.]

SHARE
NBA TRENDING
2025 NBA Mock Draft 1.0: Debate at the top with Cooper Flagg and Dylan Harper
'I was not prepared for what I saw': Lakers coach JJ Redick details devastation from Palisades Fire
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
VIEW MORE
Get more from National Basketball Association
Follow your favorites to get information about games, news and more
IN THIS TOPIC
Utah Jazz
Trae Young
National Basketball Association
Atlanta Hawks
De'Andre Hunter
Clint Capela
Lauri Markkanen
Collin Sexton
Trae Young
Atlanta Hawks
Utah Jazz
NBA - Atlanta Hawks vs. Utah Jazz - 01/08/2025
SPONSORED CONTENT
Many Seniors Unaware Of Free Car Insurance Based On Their...
With affordable auto insurance options tailored specifically to the...
Car Insurance Plans
|
Sponsored
Learn More
2024 Buick's Are Turning Heads
SearchTopics | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Sunday: Trump Announces Plan to Forgive $300M in IRS Tax De...
Trump announced on Tuesday his plan to forgive over $300 million in...
Fresh Start Information
|
Sponsored
Learn More
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
|
Sponsored
Many Seniors Unaware Of Free Car Insurance Based On Their Age (See Now)
With affordable auto insurance options tailored specifically to the needs of seniors. You can save...
Car Insurance Plans
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Don't Borrow From The Bank If You Own a Home, Do This Inste...
Borrow without affecting your current mortgage. 
Lendgo
|
Sponsored
Click Here
Travel Oregon This Winter
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert...
Travel Oregon
|
Sponsored
Learn More
I Tried This Chuck Norris Routine - My Husband Can't Stop Sayin...
Roundhouse Provisions
|
Sponsored
5 Best virtual phone systems (VoIP)
Cloud based contact center platforms prices 2024
traveltrendstoday
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Enjoy a culinary feast along Oregon’s Food Trails
Taste your way through Oregon’s regions with self- guided curated food trails that showcase local...
Travel Oregon
|
Sponsored
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/stories/nba/trae-youngs-half-court-heave-lifts-hawks-buzzer-beating-win-over-jazz 
 ----- 
