Trending topics:
Premier League TV Schedule
La Liga TV Schedule
Bundesliga TV Schedule
Serie A TV Schedule
Primeira Liga TV Schedule
CONNECT WITH US
?
Inter Miami signs Diego Gomez's replacement: A new lethal trio with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez?
How to watch Sporting CP vs Benfica in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Primeira Liga
WORLD CUP
Honduras, El Salvador World Cup qualifiers move to PPV

by Christopher Harris June 06, 2024

Soccer fans wanting to cheer on nations such as Honduras, El Salvador, and other countries in the CONCACAF qualifiers for World Cup 2026 can watch the games live and exclusively via pay-per-view. CONCACAF World Cup qualifying started with the preliminary rounds in March. However, major teams like Honduras, El Salvador, Costa Rica, Panama and Jamaica join the World Cup qualifying fray this month.

The second round features 30 teams split into six groups of five teams. Each team will play one game against the other teams in their group. Two of those are at home, and two of the games are road contests. With the United States, Mexico and Canada already qualified for the tournament in 2026, CONCACAF qualifying could be particularly interesting this time around.

The only way to watch some of these first games in the 2026 World Cup qualifying cycle in CONCACAF is through Fanatiz pay-per-view. Streaming services like Max and Paramount+ have aired previous editions of World Cup qualifying. However, without three of the most popular nations in the confederation out of qualifying, there are fewer ways to watch.

Van Nistelrooy on Leicester hosting struggling Manchester City

Honduras and El Salvador, two of the leading contenders to reach the tournament in 2026, will look to start their campaign well on pay-per-view with the first two games this month.

Pay-per-view World Cup qualifying for Honduras and El Salvador

The matches on pay-per-view for viewers in the United States are:

Thursday, June 6

Honduras vs Cuba, 8:30 PM ET, Sling PPV and PPV
El Salvador vs Puerto Rico, 10:30 PM ET, Fanatiz PPV, Sling PPV and PPV

Friday, June 7

Peru vs Paraguay, 7:30 PM ET, Fanatiz PPV

Sunday, June 9

St Vincent and the Grenadines vs El Salvador, 3 PM ET, Fanatiz PPV, Sling PPV and PPV
Bermuda vs Honduras, 7 PM ET, Sling PPV and PPV

Copa America preparations also on pay-per-view

Following the World Cup qualifying games, there are other contests that Fanatiz is making exclusively pay-per-view. June’s early games act as a great prelude to the Copa America this summer. Neither Honduras nor El Salvador are competing in the Copa America after failing in the Nations League and play-in rounds. Regardless, Fanatiz has coverage of four games involving teams competing in the United States this summer.

Ecuador and Bolivia may not be the top teams in the running for the Copa America in the United States. Still, they may be able to sneak out of their groups at the tournament. For reference, Ecuador is off to a strong start in CONMEBOL World Cup qualifying through six games.

The Fanatiz pay-per-view friendlies also feature Colombia, one of the strongest teams in South America. Plus, El Salvador and Honduras will play a game after their CONCACAF World Cup qualifying games.

In other games, the following friendlies will be televised live on pay-per-view. These games are preparation matches for Copa America 2024:

Tuesday, June 11

Paraguay vs Chile at 8 PM ET, Fanatiz PPV

Wednesday, June 12

Ecuador vs. Bolivia at 8:30 PM ET, Fanatiz PPV, Sling PPV and PPV

Friday, June 14

Peru vs. El Salvador at 8:30 PM ET, Fanatiz PPV, Sling PPV and PPV

Saturday, June 15

Colombia vs. Bolivia at 5 PM ET, Fanatiz PPV, Sling PPV and PPV

Sunday, June 16

Ecuador vs. Honduras at 3:30 PM ET, Fanatiz PPV, Sling PPV and PPV

PHOTOS: IMAGO

200+ Channels With Sports & News
Starting price: $33/mo. for fubo Latino Package
Watch Premier League, Liga MX & Copa Libertadores
Browse Offers
The New Home of MLS
Price: $14.99/mo. for MLS Season Pass
Watch every MLS game including playoffs & Leagues Cup
Browse Offers
Many Sports & ESPN Originals
Price: $10.99/mo. (or get ESPN+, Hulu & Disney+ for $14.99/mo.)
Features Bundesliga, LaLiga, NWSL, & USL
Browse Offers
2,000+ soccer games per year
Price: $7.99/mo
Features Champions League, Serie A, Europa League & EFL
Try It Free
175 Premier League Games & PL TV
Starting price: $7.99/mo. for Peacock Premium
Watch 175 exclusive EPL games per season
Browse Offers
RELATED TOPICS
EL SALVADOR
FANATIZ
HONDURAS
PAY PER VIEW
WST
LATEST NEWS
Inter Miami signs Diego Gomez's replacement: A new lethal trio with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez?
How to watch Sporting CP vs Benfica in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Primeira Liga
Real Madrid to lock in Vinícius Júnior with a new long-term deal, confirming he’s not leaving
How to watch AC Milan vs AS Roma in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Serie A
Cristiano Ronaldo's comments spark Ligue 1 response: 'Messi has played in extreme heat and succeeded'
Kevin De Bruyne's future: Opting for MLS or Saudi Pro League after his contract expires this summer
How to watch West Ham vs Liverpool in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Premier League
How to watch Tottenham vs Wolverhampton in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Premier League
How to watch Leicester vs Manchester City in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Premier League
Cristiano Ronaldo's comments on Ligue 1 spark official social media response featuring Lionel Messi
STREAMING OFFERS

Includes: Premier League + 84 Sports Channels

Sign Up

Includes: Bundesliga & La Liga

Sign Up

Includes: Champions League & Serie A

7-Day Free Trial

Includes: Premier League

Sign Up

Includes: every MLS game and Leagues Cup

Browse Offers

Want new articles, insider deals and TV schedules emailed daily to your inbox, FREE?

First Name
Email Address
Favorite League / Competition
Favorite Team
Subscribe
EDITORS’ PICKS
How to watch Conmebol World Cup Qualifiers: Oct. 10-15
The CONMEBOL World Cup Qualifiers in October signal the halfway point in the qualifying phase in South America. This month, each team will play two games to bring their total up to 10 games played so far. Then, in November, each team will be two-thirds of the way through the qualifying cycle. Yet, for the […]
How to watch Conmebol World Cup qualifiers from Sept 5-10
The September international break brings the return of World Cup qualifiers in Conmebol. Of all the confederations in FIFA, the South American entity is the farthest along in its qualifying process. After three international breaks in 2023, each of the 10 teams vying for a spot in the 2026 World Cup have already played three […]
Final Luis Suarez match with Uruguay to air on Fanatiz PPV
Luis Suarez has officially announced that he is retiring from the Uruguay national team. The legendary forward made the revelation during a press conference on Monday evening. Suarez will now leave La Celeste as the team's all-time leading goalscorer. The striker has netted 69 goals in 142 total matches with Uruguay. This figure is currently […]
Fanatiz secures 2024 Brasileirao broadcasting rights deal
Fanatiz has officially confirmed that they will broadcast Brasileirao matches during the 2024 season in the United States and Canada. The current campaign of the Brazilian top flight previously began back on April 13th. However, league officials were apparently not too concerned about having their games in overseas markets. As a result, the league started […]
About World Soccer Talk
Meet the Team
Media Coverage
Apply As A Journalist
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Editorial Policy
Ad Choices
Contact Us

World Soccer Talk © 2024. Made in Florida.
World Soccer Talk, like Futbol Sites, is a company owned by Better Collective. All rights reserved. World Soccer Talk is reader-supported and may earn a commission through our partner links.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://worldsoccertalk.com/concacaf-world-cup-qualifiers/honduras-el-salvador-world-cup-qualifiers-move-to-ppv/ 
 ----- 
