menu

21 November 2023 | Football

share
Rogers Mato on target as Uganda Cranes beat Somalia | FIFA World Cup Qualifiers
FIFA World Cup Qualifiers | Result
Tuesday, November 21, 2023
Somalia 0-1 Uganda

Uganda Cranes finally got off the mark with the first win of the ongoing 2026 Fifa World Cup Qualifiers.

Rogers Mato's early strike was the difference as the Cranes edged 10-man Somalia in a game played at Berkane Municipal Stadium on Tuesday.

Somalia had a chance to score in the second minute but Faisal Sadiq's delivery went narrowly wide. 

Mato finished off a superb counterattack to give Uganda a lead in the fourth minute. Travis Mutyaba released Elvis Bwomono on the right flank who delivered a cross that was controlled by Allan Oyirwoth before setting up Mato.

Mato found himself in the right position to node home and also double Uganda's lead but his diving header went far from the target. 

Oyirwoth tried a long-range effort from distance but couldn't find the target by a few inches in the 25th minute. 

With five minutes to play, Mutyaba went through a forest of bodies but his effort using outside the boot went narrowly wide.

Mato remained with a goalkeeper to beat but Mustafa pulled off a stunning save.

In the final minute of the first half, defender Muhammad was dismissed after a rough challenge on Mato, leaving Somalia with only ten men.

Five minutes after restart, Bayo was denied by Mustafa after trying to connect with Mtyaba's cutback at the near post.

Bobosi Byaruhanga and Umar Lutalo were introduced in the 67th minute to replace Khalid Aucho and Oyirwoth respectively.

In the last minutes of the game, Mato and Mutyaba were tripped in the box but the centre referee waved play-on.

In the 87th minute, Denis Omedi replaced Fahad Bayo to introduce fresh legs upfront.

After playing the 90 minutes, Uganda went away with maximum points in the Crane's first win under Paul Put.

Uganda Cranes XI: Isma Watenga (GK), Elvis Bwomono, Bevis Mugabi, Halid Lwaliwa, Aziizi Kayondo, Kenneth Ssemakula, Khalid Aucho (C) (Bobosi Byaruhanga), Allan Oyirwoth (Umar Lutalo), Rogers Mato, Fahad Bayo (Denis Omdei), Travis Mutyaba

Recent Comments
Related Articles

January 2, 2025 | Football

Mayanja guides Maroons past Mbale Heroes
Read more

January 1, 2025 | Football

Nunda returns as Maroons host Mbale Heroes in Luzira
Read more

December 29, 2024 | Football

CHAN Qualifiers: Kiwanuka’s late strike seals Uganda’s victory over Burundi
Read more

December 29, 2024 | Football

Uganda, Burundi fire blanks at halftime
Read more
View all Sports

Our impact

MTN Foundation
Sponsorship
MTN For Good
MTN Youth Skilling

About MTN

CEO Message
Reports
Newsroom
Contact Us
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
TWITTER
WHATSAPP
YOUTUBE
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms And Conditions

MTN UGANDA IS REGULATED BY THE UGANDA COMMUNICATION COMMISSION, REACHABLE ON 0800222777 (TOLL FREE)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.mtn.co.ug/2023/11/21/rogers-mato-on-target-as-uganda-cranes-beat-somalia-fifa-world-cup-qualifiers/ 
 ----- 
