Login
Uganda beat Somalia 1-0 in 2026 World Cup qualifier

Nov 21, 2023

Uganda register a first win of their 2026 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign through Rogers Mato's early strike.
Rogers Mato scores the winning goal as Uganda beat ten-man Somalia in the 2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers at Berkane Municipal Stadium, Morocco on Nov. 21, 2023. (Credit: FUFA)

Joseph Kizza
Senior Producer - Digital Content @New Vision
#2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers
#Uganda
#Somalia
#football
#Morocco

No Comment

_______________________

 2026 FIFA WORLD CUP QUALIFIERS 

Uganda got their 2026 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign back on track with a 1-0 victory over ten-man Somalia in their second group game on Tuesday.

Rogers Mato powered the Cranes into the lead with a close-range strike four minutes into the opening half, with goalkeeper Yuusuf Mustaf  and his captain Abdi Ahmed well beaten.

Belgian Paul Put's side swiftly settled into this game, dominating possession in the early stages on the same Berkane Municipal Stadium turf in Morocco that they suffered a late 1-2 defeat against Guinea only four days prior.

The Somalis, in contrast, appeared content with sitting back and banking on counter-attacks. One such surge forwards for the Ocean Stars saw Elmi Saadiq blast down the left flank to whip a cross into the box, but his teammates did not arrive in time to connect.

Not long after, Hassan Sakariya's teasing effort failed to trouble Ugandan goalkeeper Ismael Watenga, who was favoured this time over Salim Jamal Magoola for this second group match.

The Cranes saw plenty of the ball but lacked the incisiveness and precision they required to break down the Somali fortress.

In a physical encounter, Ugandan captain Khalid Aucho gave away a freekick after downing Issa Yusuf Adan, who needed on-pitch medical attention. The Cranes defended the resulting take comfortably enough to launch a counterattack of their own.

During that advance, Somalia got a huge let-off after the flag was raised on Travis Mutyaba, who had the easy task of threading the ball through to his teammate, but he was already offside.

Mutyaba was as industrious as he was ubiquitous in midfield and down the right flank, often the source of Uganda's dangerous attacks.

But over-elaboration sometimes was the Dinamo Tbilisi midfielder's undoing. For instance, once, his nifty footwork sent him slaloming through a host of blue shirts, but he was eventually crowded out to concede possession inside the opponents' box.

Meanwhile, at only 17, Ugandan debutant Allan Oyirwoth had a good game. The Amus College midfielder showed his potent side as he saw his adventurous long-range effort fly over the bar beyond goalstopper Mustaf.

Another opportunity fell for the youngster on the half-hour mark, but he could not steady himself well inside the box, under heavy pressure, from a hopeful Mutyaba freekick.

▪️  False start for Uganda in World Cup qualification opener



Somali goalkeeper Yuusuf Mustaf stops Ugandan Rogers Mato in his tracks


Put's men came so close to improving their lead deep in the opening half through Mutyaba and Mato. The latter had  the better chance, but he failed to round the Somali goalkeeper after being played through beautifully by Fahad Bayo, the scorer of Uganda's only goal against Guinea last Friday.

In first-half stoppage time, Somalia were reduced to 10 men with the dismissal of Abdi Ahmed after the skipper downed Mato on the sideline, who required an on-pitch checkup by the physios before he could get back on his feet.

Uganda took a goal advantage into the break and hoped to capitalize on the personnel advantage in the second half. But chance after chance engineered by Put's side was snuffed out by the discipline of the Somalis.

Both sides made reforms but the scoreline remained intact. Late on, in the 85th minute, Mutyaba went down inside the box, but referee Owono Asangono Jose Nguema of Equatorial Guinea waved play on.

With the game wearing on and the advantage still slender, Moroccan Rachid Lousteque's men maintained a measure of optimism, but their personnel deficiency in front kept them on the back foot.

It was deja vu for the Cranes as they conceded a freekick and then a corner as a result deep in stoppage time, but the referee's final whistle swiftly eased the Ugandan nerves seconds after the corner kick was headed out of danger.

In the end, Uganda picked up their first win of the campaign as Somalia slumped to a second defeat of these qualifiers.

Group remains wide open

In the other group game, Botswana beat Guinea 1-0 on Tuesday to throw the door wide open. It means Uganda, Guinea, Botswana and Mozambique each have a win (three points) and one defeat, with Somalia the only team yet to pick up any point.

Algeria lead Group G on six points, having beaten Mozambique in their second game on Sunday.

All the teams are battling for a spot in the next FIFA World Cup, which will be jointly held in the US, Canada and Mexico.

A total of nine slots in the final tournament and one inter-confederation play-off slot are reserved for African teams.

The winner of each of the nine groups of six teams will qualify for the tournament.

Register to begin your journey to our premium content .

 
All Rights Reserved © NewVision 2025
Premium
My Subscriptions
Archives
E-Papers
Privacy Policy
Legal Policy
Terms of Use
Contact us
+256 (0)414 337 000
+256 (0)312 337 000
news@newvision.co.ug
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newvision.co.ug/category/world/uganda-beat-somalia-1-0-in-2026-world-cup-qua-NV_175312 
 ----- 
