Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Uganda Cranes earn narrow win over ten-man Somalia
by JOEL MUYITA
NOVEMBER 21, 2023
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)

Uganda Cranes earned their first win of the 2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers after edging past Somalia on Tuesday.

In the game played at Stade Du Municipal in Berkane, Morocco, Rogers Mato’s first half strike was the difference.

The lanky winger fired home in the fourth minute to help Uganda earn all three points.

A good run started by Travis Mutyaba saw him release Elvis Bwomono on the right and his cross found Allan Oyirwoth who set up Mato to fire home.

Somalia ended the game with a player less following the send off of Ahmed Mohammed towards the end of the first half.

Coach Paul Put made three changes from the team that started against Guinea with Allan Oyirwoth handed his debut.

Elvis Bwomono started at right back with Kenneth Semakula moving to the midfield.

In the other change, Isima Watenga started in goal ahead of Salim Omar Magoola.

Despite having the lion’s share of possession, Uganda failed to find the way past the ten men of Somalia in the second half.

Uganda ends the first window of the World Cup Qualifiers with three points from two games.

The Uganda Cranes will return to action in June next year with two home games against Botswana and Algeria.

Uganda Cranes Starting XI
Isima Watenga, Elvis Bwomono, Aziizi Kayondo, Bevis Mugabi, Halidi Lwaliwa, Khalid Aucho, Kenneth Semakula, Allan Oyirwoth, Travis Mutyaba, Fahad Bayo, Rogers Mato

JOEL MUYITA
joel@kawowo.com

Joel Muyita is a senior staff writer at Kawowo Sports. More by Joel Muyita

Leave a comment
Battle for 2025 National Basketball League slots tips off on Saturday
KCCA cede more ground in title race
Infrastructure development dominate Magogo’s New Year Address on Football
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2025 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2023/11/21/uganda-cranes-earn-narrow-win-over-ten-man-somalia/ 
 ----- 
