Login
Uganda Cranes target first victory in World Cup Qualifiers

Nov 21, 2023

Fahad Bayo’ who scored Cranes’ only goal, will be expected to maintain his scoring exploits. Cranes had defensive and goalkeeping lapses against Guinea and these are some of areas of concern that Put and his technical team have tried to address
Uganda Cranes target first victory in World Cup Qualifiers

Shafik Ssenoga
Journalist @New Vision
#Uganda Cranes
#Fahad Bayo
#Somalia
#Botswana
#Guinea
#Uganda

No Comment

2026 World Cup Qualifiers

Today (Tuesday)

At 4pm

Somalia v Uganda

Botswana v Guinea

Uganda Cranes last won a game during the 2023 AFCON Qualifiers against Niger in Marrakech, Morocco in September . From then we have gone to play three games including two friendlies but they had no win.

However, this is what Uganda brings into their second game against Somalia at Stade du Municipal in Berkane, Morocco in the 2026 World Cup Qualifiers and positive expectations of the victory from the Cranes is what makes sense.

Uganda comes into today’s encounter having suffered a heartbreak 2-1 loss to Guinea last Friday while Somalia lost to Algeria 3-1 and clearly explains they are not a poor team.

Even with all the changes that have occurred including the appointment of Belgian coach Paul Put to replace Milutin Sredojević, absence of some of players like Emmauel Okwi and Farouk Miya among others, Cranes should not have any excuse but rather be able to get their first since 2-0 victory against Niger.

In fact, Cranes' record against Ocean Stars has been good since they have won all their last ten games in all competitions. However, Put doesn’t want his side to have it in their mind this will be an easy encounter despite the fact he feels they need to pick their first win.

“Against Guinea, we gave our best. We have to show the same mentality even in today’s game. The fact that Somalia lost their previous game, they  will also want to come out to make a statement. But I believe we have what it takes to go past them. This tie means a lot to our World Cup campaign. We have to show our potential and ability,” noted Put.

Fahad Bayo’ who scored Cranes’ only goal, will be expected to maintain his scoring exploits. Cranes had defensive and goalkeeping lapses against Guinea and these are some of areas of concern that Put and his technical team have tried to address.

In the past Somalia went to competitions with no chance and they never believed in getting results. However, it seems the old regime is no longer holding the nation’s football hostage.

Their current team comprises Kenyan-born defender Abdi Salim who features for Orlando City in the Major Soccer League, forward Hussein Abdikarim (Finnish club JäPS), Yusuf Ahmed (Avondale FC, Australia), Omar Hassan (Finnish club JäPS) among others. The appointment of Moroccan tactician Rachid Lousteque last year has also helped to change the dimension of their national team.

Lousteque believes they are ready to prove their potential once again against Uganda.

“My players have proven that teams seen as minnows are able to compete with the big nations. The main objective is to build a team, especially since the average age is 21. We have a mix between local players and those playing abroad. It's a historic moment with 9 games left as Somalia has never reached the group phase in World Cup qualifiers before,”noted Lousteque.

Uganda is placed in Group G that is topped by Algeria with six points. Guinea and Mozambique come second and third with three points each. Botswana, Uganda and Somalia who are fourth, fifth and sixth respectively and have no point.

Nine groups of six teams will play in a home-and-away round-robin match and the group winners will qualify for the 2026 FIFA World Cup to be hosted jointly by Canada, Mexico, and the United States of America. However the four best-ranked group runners-up will participate in a play-off to determine which team will advance to the inter-confederation play-offs.

 

Help us improve! We're always striving to create great content. Share your thoughts on this article and rate it below.

Comments

No Comment

More News
Bunyoro bishop condemns alcoholism ...

Bishop Ateirweho urged Christians to be determined to rebuke any pressures that lure them into celebrating these important moments by drinking alcohol in bars.

Bamasaba cultural leader drops PM in cabinet reshuffle ...

Walimbwa had served in the role for 16 months. His replacement, Mwambu, serves as a commissioner in the central government's agriculture ministry.

One shot dead as policeman confronts 'rowdy' group in Apac ...

Police constable Richard Pius Ikokole was named as the policeman who fired the shots, one of which took the life of 30-year-old Jesca Kabonesa. 

More News
Ivory Coast president says French forces to withdraw in January ...

Senegalese President Bassirou Diomaye Faye said on Tuesday that all foreign military presence in the country would end from 2025.

Exciting year ahead: Uganda's sports scene set for thrills in 2025 ...

The year kicks off with the 8th edition of the CHAN tournament, held in Uganda, Kenya, and Tanzania from February 1-28.

South Korea investigators vow to execute Yoon arrest warrant ...

Yoon has remained defiant and late Wednesday appeared to suggest he would refuse to hand himself over in a statement shared with supporters camped outside his residence in Seoul.

Related Stories

Ahimbisibwe's goal propels URA FC to victory and fourth place

Read More

Paul Put frustrated by Cranes’ 2nd half struggles in Burundi

Read More

2024: A year of highs and lows for Uganda's national sports federations

Read More

Uganda's sports scene set for thrills in 2025

Read More

Uganda Cranes’ form under scrutiny with CHAN looming

Read More

Ex-Uganda Cranes star Baker Kasigwa dies at 93

Read More

 
All Rights Reserved © NewVision 2025
Premium
My Subscriptions
Archives
E-Papers
Privacy Policy
Legal Policy
Terms of Use
Contact us
+256 (0)414 337 000
+256 (0)312 337 000
news@newvision.co.ug
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newvision.co.ug/category/world/uganda-cranes-target-first-victory-in-world-c-NV_175284 
 ----- 
