Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Uganda Cranes seek redemption in crucial match against Somalia in World Cup qualifiers
by ISMAEL KIYONGA
NOVEMBER 20, 2023
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Uganda Cranes XI versus Guinea Credit: Courtesy

Tuesday November 21, 2023

Stade de Municipal, Berkane, Morocco 4pm (EAT)

Uganda Cranes return to action in the Fifa World Cup qualifiers 2026 targeting first victory when they face minnows Somalia on Tuesday.

Paul Joseph Put’s men lost their opener 2-1 to Guinea with the West Africans scoring a late winner.

▶️ Final preparations ahead of the match against Somalia.#SOMUGA | #WCQ2026 pic.twitter.com/pmVPy4rkPS

— Uganda Cranes (@UgandaCranes) November 20, 2023

Somalia were also on the losing side as they were beaten 3-1 by Algeria away and despite the match being hosted in Morocco, they will be technically at home for the Cranes clash.

Uganda, despite falling behind inside ten minutes against the Syli Nationale put up a decent performance and will be outright favourites against the Somalis who are in the group stages for the first time.

Team News

.@UgandaCranes Update

Uganda Cranes unused substitutes in the game against Guinea played a practice match with Berkane FC.

The match ended 0-1 in favor of Uganda Cranes with Denis Omedi scored for the Cranes.

The Team returns to action on Tuesday against Somalia in the 2026… pic.twitter.com/czKTLjCLLr

— FUFA (@OfficialFUFA) November 19, 2023

Ramzey Kawooya did arrive late in Morocco and didn’t train enough with his teammates but with more sessions together, he has staked a claim for a debut.

Bobosi Byaruhanga was withdrawn at halftime due to injury but looks fit and available for selection.

Could Put ring any changes?

The Belgian gaffer could make a couple of changes from the team that started against Guinea.

Denis Omedi, Luwagga Kizito, Kawooya, Umar Lutalo and youngster Allan Oyirwoth impressed in the slim behind the doors win over Moroccan club RS Berkane.

Uganda Cranes XI vs Berkane Credit: Fufa

It remains to be seen if any of them impressed the technical team to guarantee a starting berth on the team.

Jamal Salim came under a lot of scrutiny for his positioning as he conceded the winner and could find himself on the bench.

Head-to-Head (h2h) and results

Officially, there have been six previous meetings between the two sides with Uganda winning all.

The Cranes have in the process scored 21 goals and conceded just two.

However, all previous meetings have been either friendly games, Cecafa or CHAN and not at the level of World Cup or Afcon.

Literally, this will be the first ever FIFA recognized meeting between the two sides.

Uganda Cranes Probable XI

Watenga (GK), Bwomono, Kayondo, Bevis, Lwaliwa, Aucho (c), Oyirowth, Bobosi, Mutyaba, Mato, Lutalo and Bayo.

ISMAEL KIYONGA
ismael@kawowo.com

Senior Staff writer at Kawowo Sports mainly covering football More by Ismael Kiyonga

Join the Conversation

 1 Comment

The Ugandan…
says:
November 20, 2023 at 22:54

It would be wrong to bench Salim based on that ball because Guinea’s winning goal was a good ball, even fortuitous. I don’t think many goalies would get that one. However, I would bench Salim for the first goal. That was unacceptable at this level.
We should remember though that good goalies make stupid mistakes early in their careers. Dennis Onyango had a howler against Benin and blamed it on witchcraft at a time when we had a better option.
FUFA should find a sponsor and revive the goalkeeping clinics that ex-goalies used to hold.

I think this Cranes team has what it takes to pull off the mission and qualify. They need to keep the distractions and mistake at a minimum. First score a bunch of goals against the likes of Somalia. Ultimately, the campaign will depend on FUFA’s planning and logistics.

Loading...
Reply
Leave a comment
Please let us know what you think
Battle for 2025 National Basketball League slots tips off on Saturday
KCCA cede more ground in title race
Infrastructure development dominate Magogo’s New Year Address on Football
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2025 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
%d
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2023/11/20/uganda-cranes-somalia-fifa-world-cup-2026/ 
 ----- 
