Skip to content
Subscribe Now
21°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESNews
Braves ace Chris Sale dominates as Rockies’ road futility continues
Kyle Freeland pitches five strong innings before departing with a finger blister
Atlanta Braves pitcher Chris Sale throws in the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Colorado Rockies, Tuesday, Sep. 3, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 3, 2024 at 8:47 PM MDT

The Rockies surely hate being a foregone conclusion. But they certainly were that going into Tuesday night’s game in Atlanta.

With lefty strikeout machine Chris Sale on the mound for the Braves, the young, road-helpless Rockies stood a next-to-nothing chance of coming away with a W.

And, of course, they didn’t.

Sale struck out nine over seven innings as Atlanta blanked Colorado 3-0 at Truist Park. Sale has now pitched 15 consecutive games in which he’s allowed two or fewer runs.

And here’s another reason why the Rockies didn’t stand a chance in Hades on Tuesday night. Braves starting pitchers have now allowed three runs or fewer in 22 straight games, extending their longest single-season streak since the mound was moved to its current distance in 1893 (per the Elias Sports Bureau).

All told, the Rockies fanned 14 times and their 1,369 Ks are the most in the National League.

The Braves are 15-3 against Colorado since the start of the 2022 season, and Colorado was shut out for the 14th time this season.

Sale has 206 Ks this season, becoming the first Braves lefty to top 200 strikeouts in a season. He reached the 200-K mark for the first time since 2019 when he pitched for Boston.

Still, with lefty starter Kyle Freeland pitching five gutsy innings, the Rockies stayed in the game. Before his early departure because of a finger blister (a reoccurring problem in the second half of the season), Freeland limited the Braves to two runs (one earned) on six hits. He fanned five and didn’t walk any.

The lefty began experiencing pain in his finger in the third inning. The blister prevented him from throwing his slider or his curveball.

“It’s very annoying, dealing with this,” Freeland told reporters in Atlanta. “We thought we had it taken care of for the past couple of weeks, but then it pops up again.

“So very frustrating, to be pitching well in a game, trying to keep the club in a game, but to have it pop up and not have any feel for any breaking stuff … especially in the fourth and fifth innings.”

Added manager Bud Black: “It just didn’t make sense to run him back out there.”

Atlanta scored its two runs off Freeland in the third. Whit Merrifield hit a one-out single and scored on Gio Urshela’s double down the left-field line. Urshela scored when first baseman Michael Toglia, scrambling to make a play on Michael Harris II’s grounder, threw the ball away for an error.

Atlanta tacked on another run in the seventh on Harris’ sacrifice fly to score pinch-runner Luke Williams. Colorado right-hander Jeff Criswell hit Merrifield in the back of the helmet, forcing Merrifield from the game. Williams advanced to third on Urshela’s single and scored on the sac fly.

Colorado’s best chance to get to Sale came in the sixth. Ezequiel Tovar led off with a triple to right, his third triple this season. But Sale reared back and unleashed his 96-mph fastball to strike out Brendan Rodgers and Brenton Doyle before getting Michael Toglia to fly out to deep center where Harris made an excellent catch against the wall.

The Rockies are 19-51 on the road, on pace to finish 22-59, which would be tied for the second-worst road record in franchise history (2023). The 2014 Rockies were 21-60 away from Coors Field.

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
Wednesday’s pitching matchup

Rockies RHP Bradley Blalock (1-1, 4.98 ERA) at Braves RHP Charlie Morton (7-7, 4.26)

5:20 p.m. Wednesday, Truist Field

TV: Rockies.TV (streaming); Comcast/Xfinity (channel 1262); DirecTV (683); Spectrum (130, 445, 305, 435 or 445, depending on region).

Radio: 850 AM/94.1 FM

Manager Bud Black had a sit-down with Blalock after Blalock’s shaky start against the Marlins last Thursday at Coors Field. Black emphasized that the rookie right-hander needs to make every inning and every pitch count. The Marlins blasted Blalock for seven runs (six earned) on nine hits in four innings. Blalock was 5-3 with a 4.36 ERA in 18 starts at Double-A this season, but as Black reminded the rookie, mistakes are costly at the big-league level.

Morton has had his way with the Rockies. Over 14 career starts, he’s 6-2 with a 3.81 ERA. The veteran right-hander has been inconsistent much of the season, as he was in his last start in the Braves’ loss at Philadelphia. The 40-year-old allowed three runs on five hits and four walks while striking out seven over 5 2/3 innings in a no-decision. Morton dodged traffic in each of the first five innings, but he got tagged for a three-run home run by Brandon Marsh in the sixth.

Pitching probables

Thursday: Rockies LHP Austin Gomber (4-10, 4.69) at Braves RHP Reynaldo Lopez (8-4, 2.00), 5:20 p.m.

Friday: Rockies RHP Ryan Feltner (1-10, 5.11) at Brewers RHP Frankie Montas (6-9, 4.70), 4:10 p.m.

— Patrick Saunders, The Denver Post

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Originally Published: September 3, 2024 at 8:15 PM MDT
Around the Web
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling Out on Amazon - Find Out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
North Charleston: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
TardiveDyskinesia | Search Ads
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Forget Rogaine, Do This to Fight Thinning Hair (At Home)
WG Hair Restore
HIV Symptoms Every Woman Should Know
TrendingResults
Early Signals of Tardive Dyskinesia That Many People Tend to Ignore! (See More!)
Tardive Dyskinesia
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From the Store
learnitwise
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Nail Fungus? Do This Immediately (Watch How)
WellnessGaze Derma
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
15 Breakfast Foods You Should Stop Eating
Health Natural
Can't Sleep? Doctor Begs: "Anyone With Insomnia - Do This Before Bed Next Time"
WG Sleep Health
Bloating, Constipation & Gas? Do This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze News
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
Knee Pain After the Age of 50? Do This 2 Times a Day (Watch)
Healthier Living Tips
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
North Charleston: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Experts Stunned: Easy Solution for Years of Joint Pain and Arthritis
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Keeler: Sean Payton let Bo Nix, Broncos down in humbling NFL playoffs loss to Buffalo
1 killed, 2 injured in string of stabbings along Denver’s 16th Street Mall
Renck: Playoff blowout to Bills shows how far away Sean Payton’s Broncos are from being contenders — botched call or not
Broncos four downs: Buffalo delivers Sean Payton, Denver season knockout and clinic on how to win in the playoffs
The Broncos’ 2024 season is over. Here’s an early look at their 2025 opponents.
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
Immigrants in Denver weighing options — from self-deporting to fleeing to Canada — ahead of Trump presidency
Macy's, Kohl's to shut stores as part of plan targeting underperforming locations
Aaron Gordon stars off bench in return from injury, Nuggets storm back from down 19 at Mavericks
Broncos report card: Offense fizzles, Vance Joseph’s defense overwhelmed in blowout wild card loss to Buffalo
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
2024
September
3
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/03/chris-sale-dominates-rockies-braves/ 
 ----- 
