Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'It's driving me nuts': Merrifield takes issue with fastball to head
Share
'It's driving me nuts': Merrifield takes issue with fastball to head
September 4th, 2024

Mark Bowman

@mlbbowman
Share
;

14 SECONDS REMAINING

ATLANTA -- Whit Merrifield felt fortunate to pass all of the concussion tests that were performed after he was hit behind his left ear with a 94.5 mph fastball in the Braves’ 3-0 win over the Rockies on Tuesday night at Truist Park.

But the Braves second baseman was still seeing red as he talked about pitchers having no repercussions after hitting batters with pitches that are high and inside. He plans to address this when he speaks with other rules committee members during a previously scheduled meeting Wednesday morning.

“The way pitchers are throwing now, there's no remorse or regard for throwing up and in,” Merrifield said. “These guys are throwing as hard as they can and they don’t care where the ball goes. It’s just [crap] because you can’t hit a guy [back] anymore.

“There’s no fear that if I hit this guy, our guy is going to get hit. That’s not in the game anymore. Pitchers don’t have to hit anymore.”

Fortunately, Merrifield was capable of being this spirited. He could have suffered a significant injury when he was hit by Rockies reliever Jeff Criswell’s heater in the seventh inning. The ball didn’t not deflect off his batting helmet before hitting his skull.

“It caught me pretty flush,” Merrifield said.

As Merrifield remained on his knees in the batter’s box, he yelled back at Criswell, who was making just his seventh career appearance. He had a few more words for the young pitcher as he walked to the dugout.

The Braves were upset after catcher Travis d’Arnaud and third baseman Austin Riley were both hit by pitches during an August series against the Angels. d’Arnaud missed a week after being hit on the right forearm by veteran reliever José Cisnero. Riley was lost for the rest of the regular season when his right hand was fractured by Jack Kochanowicz, who was making just his fourth start at the time.

“Teams are bringing pitchers up that don’t know where the [heck] the ball is going,” Merrifield said. “They throw 100 miles an hour. So they’re like, ‘We’ll see if they can get the guys out. Just set up down the middle and throw it as hard as you can.’ It’s [crap] and it’s driving me nuts. I hate where the game is at right now with that.”

Merrifield was going to undergo a CT scan to make sure there wasn’t any structural damage to his skull, but as he talked with a big welt on his head, he was confident he had avoided any serious injury.

“I’m very lucky it got me in a good spot,” Merrifield said. “I’m out of the game. He gets to stay in and pitch. I’m probably not going to be able to play tomorrow. No repercussions on his part. And without being overdramatic, that was my life on the line right there.”

Related
Braves settle with arbitration-eligible players Kelenic, Lee

January 9th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Merrifield has foot fracture, but could return next weekend vs. Dodgers

September 7th, 2024

Merrifield seeks changes for hit-by-pitches

September 6th, 2024

Braves sign Merrifield, call up No. 5 prospect in wake of Albies injury

July 23rd, 2024

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Atlanta Braves
Whit Merrifield

Supervising Club Reporter Mark Bowman has covered the Braves for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/whit-merrifield-hit-in-head-by-pitch 
 ----- 
