MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
In-depth features and exclusive intel from the best newsroom in sports.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Whit Merrifield rages over dangerous fastballs: ‘That was my life on the line’
By David O'Brien
Sep 4, 2024

546

ATLANTA — Whit Merrifield has had enough of control-challenged pitchers hitting batters with pitches.

The veteran infielder became the latest in a string of Atlanta Braves players hit by fastballs when he was plunked in the back of his head Tuesday by Colorado Rockies rookie Jeff Criswell, and Merrifield said Major League Baseball needs to do something about the situation before someone is seriously injured — or worse.

“Where the game’s at right now, it’s just ridiculous,” said Merrifield, who was hit by a 94.5 mph pitch in the seventh inning of the Braves’ 3-0 win, leaving a welt just behind his left ear at the top of his neck. “I hate where the game’s at right now with that.”

Merrifield, a player rep on the MLB Competition Committee, shouted at Criswell while being attended to on the field, and again as he was walking off with a Braves trainer. Merrifield passed concussion protocol tests but was on his way to a CT scan after the game to rule out internal injuries.

He was hit by a 1-0 fastball after Criswell missed way inside with a first-pitch slider.

Braves Travis d’Arnaud and Austin Riley were hit by up-and-in fastballs in consecutive games Aug. 18-19 against the Los Angeles Angels. D’Arnaud missed five games with a forearm contusion and Riley landed on the injured list with a broken hand that’s expected to sideline him for six to eight weeks.

Michael Harris II left an Aug. 25 game after being hit in the hand by a fastball from Nationals rookie DJ Herz leading off the first inning and left the game a few innings later. X-rays and an MRI showed no fracture and he returned to the lineup two days later.

“We lost Riley, we almost lost Mike, we almost lost d’Arnaud in a span of two or three weeks,” Merrifield said. “The way pitchers are throwing now, there’s no regard for throwing up and in. The guys are throwing as hard as they can, they don’t care where the ball goes. And it’s just … it’s bulls—-.”

Merrifield wasn’t done venting.

Not even close.

“You can’t hit a guy anymore (in retaliation),” he said. “There’s no fear that, ‘Oh, if I hit this guy, our guy’s going to get hit.’ That’s not in the game anymore. Pitchers don’t have to hit anymore, so they don’t have to stand in the box. And the teams are bringing pitchers up that don’t know where the hell the ball is going. They throw 100 miles an hour, so it’s, ‘Alright, we’ll see if he can get the guys out. Just set up down the middle and throw as hard as you can.’ And it’s bulls—, and it’s driving me nuts.”

He said something needs to be done, and he will do what he can to help get the situation addressed.

“I’m on the Rules Committee, and we’ve got a call (Wednesday),” he said, “and it’s going to be a long conversation on what we’ve got to do to make pitchers think about … I just took 95 right off the head. I’m very lucky that it got me in a good spot, and I’ve got to go get a CAT scan. I’m out of the game, he gets to stay in to pitch, I’m probably not going to be able to play tomorrow.”

Criswell, 25, was making his seventh MLB relief appearance. He pitched 1 2/3 innings Tuesday and was charged with one hit, one run and three walks with one strikeout. He threw just 23 strikes in 41 pitches.

“No repercussion on his part, and I mean, without being overly dramatic, that was my life on the line right there,” Merrifield said. “So, I’m sick of it, it’s happening way too much. I watched Taylor Ward get hit in the face last year and have to get reconstructive surgery. Justin Turner got hit in the face last year. It’s happening at an exponential rate. Guys are getting hit in the hand, Mookie Betts broke a bone in his hand this year. It’s just ridiculous, and it has to be fixed. Or, God forbid, something terrible’s going to happen.

“If this hits me in a different spot, I mean … it’s just pathetic. It’s frankly pathetic, that some of the pitchers that we’re running out there don’t know where the ball’s going, at the major-league level. It’s got to be fixed. It just pisses me off to no end.”

(Photo: Todd Kirkland / Getty Images)

David O'Brien is a senior writer covering the Atlanta Braves for The Athletic. He previously covered the Braves for The Atlanta Journal-Constitution and covered the Marlins for eight seasons, including the 1997 World Series championship. He is a two-time winner of the NSMA Georgia Sportswriter of the Year award. Follow David on Twitter @DOBrienATL

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5743538/2024/09/03/braves-whit-merrifield-hit-batters/ 
 ----- 
