Skip to content
Subscribe Now
21°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESNews
Braves’ Whit Merrifield rips Rockies’ Jeff Criswell, state of MLB pitching, after getting hit in the head
Criswell’s fastball hit Merrifield in back of the head
Whit Merrifield #15 of the Atlanta Braves is hit in the head by a pitch during the seventh inning against the Colorado Rockies at Truist Park on Sept. 3, 2024 in Atlanta, Georgia. (Photo by Todd Kirkland/Getty Images)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 4, 2024 at 11:58 AM MDT

Rockies rookie reliever Jeff Criswell cut loose with a 94.5 mph fastball in the seventh inning Tuesday night.

The pitch got away from the right-hander and hit Braves second baseman Whit Merrifield in the back of the head. After the Braves’ 3-0 victory, Merrifield let loose a torrent of criticism about the “pathetic” state of major league pitching.

“It’s bulls—; it’s driving me nuts,” Merrifield told reporters in Atlanta. “I hate where the game is at right now with that.”

Merrifield added that “something terrible is going to happen” if baseball doesn’t address the issue of pitchers throwing high, wild and inside.

Criswell’s rising fastball sailed behind Merrifield’s head and clipped the second baseman in the batting helmet just behind his left ear. As Merrifield got up from the ground and wobbled on one knee, he shouted angrily at Criswell.

Merrifield became the fourth Braves player to be hit — and injured — by wildly thrown fastballs within the past month.

Star third baseman Austin Riley will likely miss the rest of the regular season after suffering a broken hand when he was hit by a 97 mph pitch last month. Center fielder Michael Harris II and veteran catcher Travis d’Arnaud also missed time last month after being hit.

“It’s just ridiculous,” Merrifield told reporters. “Where the game is at right now, it’s just ridiculous. … The way pitchers are throwing now, there’s no remorse or regard for throwing up and in. Guys are throwing hard as they can and they don’t care where the ball goes.”

Merrifield criticized teams for calling up pitchers who, he said, have no business being on a big-league mound.

“Teams are bringing pitchers up that don’t know where the hell the ball is going,” he said. “They throw 100 miles an hour, so they’re like, ‘All right, we’ll see if he can get the guys out. Just set up down the middle and throw it as hard as you can.’ And it’s bulls—.”

Merrifield was also upset that there are no consequences for pitchers who plunk batters.

“It’s bulls—. You can’t hit a guy anymore back,” he said. “There’s no fear of, ‘Oh, if I hit this guy, then our guy is going to get hit.’ That’s not the game anymore. Pitchers don’t have to hit anymore, so they don’t have to stand in the box.”

Merrifield, a player representative on Major League Baseball’s competition committee, said he planned to discuss the issue with other committee members during a meeting on Wednesday.

Merrifield said baseball is playing a dangerous game.

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades

“I watched Taylor Ward get hit in the face last year and have to get reconstructive surgery,” Merrifield said. “Justin Turner got hit in the face last year. It’s happening at an exponential rate. Guys are getting hit in the hand. Mookie Betts broke a bone in his hand this year.

“It’s just ridiculous and it has to be fixed or God forbid, something terrible is going to happen. If this hits me in a different spot — it’s just pathetic. It’s frankly pathetic some of the pitchers we’re running out there that don’t know where the ball is going at the major league level. And it’s got to be fixed.”

Braves manager Brian Snitker said Merrifield passed the concussion protocol and might be able to play in Wednesday night’s game against the Rockies. But Merrifield was angry that he had to leave Tuesday’s game while Criswell continued pitching.

“I’m out of the game, but he gets to stay in and pitch,” Merrifield said. “I’m probably not going to be able to play (Wednesday), but (there are no) repercussions on his part. I mean, without being over dramatic, that was my life on the line right there. So I’m sick of it. It’s happening way too much out there.”

The Associated Press contributed to this report

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Originally Published: September 4, 2024 at 9:49 AM MDT
Around the Web
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling Out on Amazon - Find Out Why
The Skincare Magazine
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
15 Places to Get Free Food and Products Just by Asking
The Penny Hoarder
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
The Solution To Your Denim Dilemma Is Here | Up To 50% Off Sitewide
Lucky Brand
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Cops Called in Hours After Couple Begins Renovation on Their Old Home
dailysportx
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
Health News | Vision
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
HIV Symptoms Every Woman Should Know
TrendingResults
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Hairloss After 40 Linked to 1 Common Thing (Stop Doing This)
WG Hair Restore
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Open-mouthed!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Top Us Pulmonologist: if You Have Trouble Breathing - Try This Tonight
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Experts Stunned: Easy Solution for Years of Joint Pain and Arthritis
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Neuro Zoom
Containers Homes in North Charleston for Stunning Price - Peek Inside!
Shipping Container Homes
Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Prostate
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Nеurоpathу Breakthrough: Experts Speechless
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
The Fungus Will Disappear in 3 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Xitox
Neuropathy? Simple Household Item Helps Nerve Pain Disappear
WellnessGaze Neuro
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
Tinnitus? Do This When the Ringing Won't Stop
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Take A Look At Oprah Winfrey's Disgusting Home
Suburban Finance
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Blood Sugar Above 100? Try This Tonight
Healthy Living Club
Vertigo: Do This to Relieve Dizziness (At Home)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Sciatica and Back Pain? Try This Immediately (At Home)
WellnessGaze Back Health
Dermatologist Begs Americans to "Fill In" Wrinkles With This Tip (Every Morning)
WellnessGaze Skin
Top 15 Most Unhealthy Breakfast Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
Uncovering the Shocking Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency!
Immunodeficiency Treatment
Unsold Storage Units for Sale in North Charleston (See Prices)
Storage Units I Search Ads
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Keeler: Sean Payton let Bo Nix, Broncos down in humbling NFL playoffs loss to Buffalo
1 killed, 2 injured in string of stabbings along Denver’s 16th Street Mall
Renck: Playoff blowout to Bills shows how far away Sean Payton’s Broncos are from being contenders — botched call or not
Broncos four downs: Buffalo delivers Sean Payton, Denver season knockout and clinic on how to win in the playoffs
The Broncos’ 2024 season is over. Here’s an early look at their 2025 opponents.
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
Immigrants in Denver weighing options — from self-deporting to fleeing to Canada — ahead of Trump presidency
Macy's, Kohl's to shut stores as part of plan targeting underperforming locations
Aaron Gordon stars off bench in return from injury, Nuggets storm back from down 19 at Mavericks
Broncos report card: Offense fizzles, Vance Joseph’s defense overwhelmed in blowout wild card loss to Buffalo
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
2024
September
4
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/04/braves-whit-merrifield-rips-rockies-jeff-criswell-pitch-hits-head/ 
 ----- 
