NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Padres issue warning to fans ahead of Game 3 vs. Dodgers
Associated Press
October 08, 2024 - 8:33pm

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-09:9445bb0495f120f4621d06c6 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Hazel Mae reports from San Diego ahead of Game 3 of the NLDS between the Padres and Dodgers to look at how both teams expect to keep a high-intensity level throughout the series before providing injury updates to Xander Bogaerts and Freddie Freeman.
1 comments

SAN DIEGO — The San Diego Padres have reminded fans about their zero-tolerance policy for bad behaviour ahead of Game 3 of their NL Division Series against rival Los Angeles after tempers flared on the field and in the stands at Dodger Stadium on Sunday night.

Game 2 was delayed for 12 minutes after rowdy fans tossed baseballs in the direction of San Diego left fielder Jurickson Profar, and then threw trash onto the outfield. Profar had robbed Mookie Betts of a home run in the first inning, reaching into the stands behind the low left-field wall. He trolled the fans by staring at them and then hopping up and down several times before throwing the ball to the infield.

Dodgers starter Jack Flaherty and Padres third baseman Manny Machado directed expletives at each other a handful of times, including after Flaherty hit Fernando Tatis Jr. with a pitch and after he struck out Machado.

Game 3 is Tuesday night and Game 4 is Wednesday night at Petco Park.

BetMGM MLB Odds
October 9, 2024
VS
Moneyline
LAD
+500
SD
-800
Spread
+1.5
-375
-1.5
+270
Over/Under
O 0
0
U 0
0
Powered by

In a statement emailed to season ticket holders and posted on social media, Padres team president Erik Greupner credited fans with creating the best home-field advantage in baseball while reiterating that any fan who throws items onto the field or makes offensive, foul or abusive comments to anyone will be ejected.

“Our game is at its best when our players and fans give everything they have for their team and city while showing respect and sportsmanship towards players and fans of the opposing team,” Greupner wrote. “There is never an excuse for abusive speech or behaviour towards others at Petco Park."

“As we continue our push for a World Series championship, our team needs you more than ever,” Greupner added. “Please continue to cheer for the Padres with all you have while showing class and good sportsmanship to those around you.”

The Padres drew a club-record 3,314,593 fans to the downtown ballpark this season, with 56 sellouts in 80 games. They gave up one home game to play a two-game opening series in Seoul, South Korea, against the Dodgers.

On Monday, Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said it was “bothersome” and “unsettling” that a ball Machado threw into the Dodgers dugout seemed intended for him during the Padres’ 10-2 win the night before. Machado said he was merely throwing in a ball after infield warmups between innings.

Asked about Roberts' comments, Padres manager Mike Shildt said he would never disparage a player on another team or an entire team.

“That’s not how I want to operate,” Shildt said several hours before first pitch of Game 3. “I have a lot of respect for their club, the players on their club.”

After the seventh inning Sunday night, Machado called a quick team huddle in the dugout to keep the Padres focused. In the following two innings, they scored six more runs and hit four of their six home runs, including a second one by Tatis.

“As far as Manny goes, it’s unfortunate people can’t move on from things from the past,” Shildt said. “I thought Manny’s exhibition of professionalism and leadership were on display the other night in a very tough environment. He nor I nor anyone would profess to be perfect, but Manny has made some strides that are very impressive both on and off the field. It’s been a privilege to witness that.”

Machado was traded from Baltimore to the Dodgers on July 18, 2018, and was with them when they lost to Boston in the World Series. In Game 2 of the NL Championship Series, he failed to run out a grounder. He later said he was “not the type of player that’s going to be ‘Johnny Hustle.'”

Machado is still booed at Dodger Stadium. He signed with the Padres as a free agent the following spring training and is loved by San Diego fans.

“Regardless of what happened, we’re here for one task and one task at hand,” rookie Jackson Merrill said. “Manny has been a really good leader. He’s done a really good job keeping us focused on that one thing. I don’t think any of us view him in a different way besides being a leader.”

Dodgers infield Max Muncy said the atmosphere at Petco Park the last several years “has been tops in baseball. I wouldn’t expect anything different.”

Asked if the Padres are trying to get under the Dodgers' skins, Muncy said the atmosphere at Petco plays off the players' emotions.

“Even in regular-season games, just something as simple as a single and you see the guy throwing the bat 30 feet in the air, that really gets the crowd going here,” Muncy said. “That is kind of part of their game is trying to get under your skin and trying to have the emotion come out and get you to do something that you’re not normally doing.”

Muncy said a pitcher might see that "and all of a sudden you want to throw harder and now you’re missing balls right over the plate, and that’s when their guys are doing the damage.

“It’s easier said than done, obviously, but you can’t let that happen,” Muncy said.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Freeman active for Game 3 but Dodgers make pitching substitution
Thieves ripped watch off Dodgers pitcher Buehler’s arm, police say
MLB NEWS
MLBBen Nicholson-Smith
What arb deadline means for Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: Deals ahead of deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MLBSportsnet Staff
Mariners claim P Hagen Danner from Blue Jays
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBAssociated Press
Padres' Seidler denies allegations of wrongdoing
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/padres-issue-warning-to-fans-ahead-of-game-3-vs-dodgers/ 
 ----- 
