ENG 
Select Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh: ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score, Live Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
Settings
Change Font Size
A
A
Change Language
हिंदी | Hindi
Focus On Story
Select Language 
Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
Search
Featured Links
Australia vs India
Champions Trophy 2025
CT Schedule
EPL Table
EPL Schedule
Featured Sports
Cricket
Football
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Golf
Badminton
More Sports
Kabaddi
NBA
Boxing
Athletics
Chess
Swimming
Shooting
Wrestling
Table tennis
Othersports
More From NDTV
NDTV
Business
Hindi
Movies
Cricket
Health
Food
Tech
Auto
Apps
Trains
Art
WT20
17 Oct 21 to 14 Nov 21
Scores
News
Photos
Videos
Fixtures
Points Table
Teams
Players
Venues
More 
Results
Stats
Cricket Matches
Cricket Matches
Football Matches
All Matches
India Matches
WT20
Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Dubai, Nov 14, 2021
New Zealand
172/4 (20.0)
Australia
173/2 (18.5)
Australia beat New Zealand by 8 wickets
2nd Semi-Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Dubai, Nov 11, 2021
Pakistan
176/4 (20.0)
Australia
177/5 (19.0)
Australia beat Pakistan by 5 wickets
1st Semi-Final, ICC World Twenty20, 2021 at Abu Dhabi, Nov 10, 2021
England
166/4 (20.0)
New Zealand
167/5 (19.0)
New Zealand beat England by 5 wickets
Sports Home ICC T20 World Cup 2021 News Sri Lanka Vs Bangladesh ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score Live Score Of Todays Match On NDTV Sports
 
Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh: ICC T20 World Cup 2021 Live Cricket Score, Live Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
Live Updates of Today Match between Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh from Sharjah Cricket Stadium, Sharjah. Check commentary and full scoreboard of the match.
NDTVSports
Updated: October 24, 2021 04:00 pm IST
Read Time: 13 min
SL vs BAN Latest Score

A dedicated team of experts bring you live score, live cricket score, live match update on Sports.NDTV.com. After 5.2 overs, Bangladesh are 39/0. The live updates of Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh scorecard is also available. It is the perfect platform to follow your favourite teams in ICC T20 World Cup 2021. Keep a track on your favourite batsmen and bowlers through ICC T20 World Cup 2021 today match, ball by ball commentary, Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh, Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh live score, Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh scorecard. Follow the excitement of the ICC T20 World Cup 2021 on Sports.NDTV.com as you can follow live match updates and live cricket score through our platform.

4.6 overs (0 Run)
A good bumper to end the over! Chameera bangs it into the deck, around middle. Mohammad Naim lets it through to the keeper.

4.5 overs (1 Run)
Good-length ball, outside off. Liton Das cuts hard but finds the backward point fielder who dives to stop the ball. A single taken.

4.4 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Top shot! Short of a length, outside off. Liton Das moves across in his crease and pierces it through the cover-point region to collect a boundary.

4.3 overs (1 Run)
Slower ball, shorter in length, around off. Mohammad Naim pushes it to cover and takes a quick run.

4.2 overs (2 Runs)
Back of a length, around leg. Mohammad Naim stays back and pulls it to the right of the deep mid-wicket fielder. The batters take two.

4.1 overs (1 Run)
Full ball, outside off. Liton Das pushes it to mid off and scampers through for a single. The fielder at mid off has a shy at the striker's end but Das was well inside the crease.

3.6 overs (0 Run)
Well bowled! Kumara bowls a yorker now, on middle. Mohammad Naim does well to jam it out back to the bowler. Lahiru Kumara collects the ball and has a wild throw at the striker's end as Mohammad Naim was out of his crease. A stare from Lahiru Kumara and Mohammad Naim follows!

3.5 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Powerful shot! Lahiru Kumara shortens his length, on middle. Mohammad Naim clears his front leg and smacks it towards long on. Couple of bounces and into the fence.

3.4 overs (0 Run)
A low full toss, on middle. Naim toe-ends it to mid on.

3.3 overs (1 Run)
Pitched up, on off. Liton Das drives towards extra cover. The fielder dives to his right to stop the ball. The batters take a single.

3.2 overs (0 Run)
Good-length ball, on off. Liton Das leans onto it and drives but the cover fielder makes a good stop diving to his left.

3.1 overs (3 Runs)
Full and wide, outside off. Mohammad Naim reaches out and slices it uppishly over cover-point. He collects three runs.

Lahiru Kumara is into the attack now.

2.6 overs (1 Run)
Chameera take the pace off and bowls it on middle, Mohammad Naim pushes it to mid on for a single. A good over for Bangladesh. 12 runs coming from it.

2.5 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Makes full use of the free hit this time! Fuller in length, on off, at 150 kph. Mohammad Naim clears his front leg and whips it through mid-wicket for a boundary.

2.5 overs (3 Runs)
NO BALL! A full toss, on leg. Mohammad Naim plays it uppishly over mid-wicket. He gets a couple of runs. Chameera has overstepped again and another Free Hit to Mohammad Naim.

2.5 overs (1 Run)
NO BALL! Dushmantha Chameera comes 'round the wicket now, bowls it short, on middle. Mohammad Naim tucks it on the leg side. Dushmantha Chameera will have to reload again as he has overstepped. Free Hit to follow...

2.4 overs (0 Run)
A well-directed bouncer, on leg. Mohammad Naim ducks underneath.

2.3 overs (1 Run)
Length ball, outside off. Liton Das guides it to third man. He rotates the strike by picking up a single.

2.2 overs (1 Run)
Short of a length, on middle. Mohammad Naim tucks it to square leg for a run.

2.1 overs (1 Run)
Good-length ball, on middle at 146 kph. Liton Das works it to mid-wicket for a single.

Dushmantha Chameera is into the attack.

1.6 overs (2 Runs)
Full and outside off, Mohammad Naim drives it through covers for a couple of runs. 7 runs from the over.

1.5 overs (1 Run)
Full again, on middle and leg. Liton Das flicks it to deep mid-wicket. He crosses ends.

1.4 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Nicely done! Fuller in length, down the leg side. Liton Das tickles it fine past the keeper to fine leg for a boundary.

1.3 overs (0 Run)
Short of a length, on off. Liton Das dabs it towards backward point with soft hands. No run taken.

1.2 overs (0 Run)
Well bowled! Fuller length, on off, at 127 kph. Liton Das defends it back to the bowler.

1.1 overs (0 Run)
Length ball, nipping back in, on leg. Liton Das tucks it on the leg side.

Who will bowl from the other end? It is Binura Fernando.

0.6 over (0 Run)
Back of a length, on leg. Mohammad Naim looks to work it on the leg side but gets a leading edge back onto the deck. A good start from Chamika Karunaratne. Only 2 runs from the over.

0.5 over (1 Run)
Short of a length, on middle, at 140 kph. Liton Das knocks it in front of mid on for a run.

0.4 over (0 Run)
Lenght ball, outside off, at 139 kph. Liton Das puts a stride forward and works it to backward point. Mohammad Naim looks for a single but is sent back. The fielder has a shy at the bowler's end but misses.

0.3 over (1 Run)
Good-length ball, on leg. Mohammad Naim tucks it to deep square leg for a single. Bangladesh and Mohammad Naim are underway!

0.2 over (0 Run)
On a good length, on off. Mohammad Naim hops and taps it towards point.

0.1 over (0 Run)
Chamika Karunaratne starts with a full-length ball, outside off. Mohammad Naim leans onto it and drives but finds the cover fielder.

The players are out on the field and have lined up for their respective national anthems. It is Bangladesh's first followed by Sri Lanka's. Done with all the pre-match formalities. We are all set for the action. The players of Sri Lanka are out to the middle and Mohammad Naim and Liton Das are the openers for Bangladesh. Chamika Karunaratne to start with the ball. Here we go...

Pitch Report - Danny Morrison and Murali Kartik are inspecting the deck. Morrison says that the pitch is brown and will stay slow and low. Kartik says that it is well rolled down and the bowlers may want to bowl wicket-to-wicket.

Mahmudullah, the skipper of Bangladesh, says that they would have batted first anyway. Says that they need to play with the conditions and it looks good to bat on. Adds that after losing the first match in the qualifiers, the boys are pretty relaxed and are looking forward to this game. Informs that Taskin Ahmed is out and Nasum Ahmed comes in.

Dasun Shanaka, the skipper of Sri Lanka, says they will bowl first as their bowlers have been doing good job so far. Adds that they don't know exactly how the pitch will behave so they would like to chase. Tells that they are confident going into this game as they have played really well in last couple of games. Ends by by saying that they have a slight injury concern so Maheesh Theekshana misses out and in comes Binura Fernando.

Bangladesh (Playing XI) - Mohammad Naim, Liton Das, Shakib Al Hasan, Mushfiqur Rahim, Mahmudullah (C), Afif Hossain, Nurul Hasan (WK), Mahedi Hasan, Mohammad Saifuddin, Nasum Ahmed (In for Taskin Ahmed), Mustafizur Rahman.

Sri Lanka (Playing XI) - Kusal Perera (WK), Pathum Nissanka, Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Avishka Fernando, Charith Asalanka, Dasun Shanaka (C), Wanindu Hasaranga, Chamika Karunaratne, Dushmantha Chameera, Binura Fernando (In for Maheesh Theekshana), Lahiru Kumara.

TOSS - Dasun Shanaka and Mahmudullah are out in the middle for all-important coin toss. Dasun Shanaka gives it a flip. Mahmudullah calls it 'Tails' but 'Heads' it falls. Sri Lanka have won the toss and have elected to BOWL first.

The Islanders didn't put a foot wrong in the preliminary stage as they won all their three games comprehensively. Their bowlers have been exceptional and the highest score they have conceded so far is 101. The side have already been two-time runner's up, have reached one semifinal and also have a trophy in their cabinet and with such performances in the qualifiers, they cannot be ruled out yet. Sri Lanka have met Bangladesh once in T20 World Cup where the Lankans emerged victorious. They have a good bowling unit and their batters would also like to have some runs under their belt. They would look to start their Super 12 journey with a win. Stay tuned for further updates.

Bangladesh went down against Scotland in their first game of the qualifiers but then bounced back and closed the qualifiers with 2 wins. They have exuded great character to seal a spot in the Super 12. Shakib Al Hasan has been at the forefront for them. He has scored 108 runs and have picked up 9 wickets in 3 matches. Mahmudullah and Mohammad Naim also came with telling contributions in the qualifiers and the Tigers would want to start their Super 12 campaign on a winning note.

A warm welcome to everyone for the coverage of the T20 World Cup where Sri Lanka will cross swords with Bangladesh. Both the Asian sides had to earn their spot to be in the Super 12. A good start in a rather challenging group is imperative and heading into this clash, both the teams will be keen on making an impact straight away. So who are you backing?

... MATCH DAY ...

Super 12 - Match 15, ICC World Twenty20, 2021, Oct 24, 2021
Match Ended
SL
172/5 (18.5)
BAN
171/4 (20.0)
Sharjah Cricket Stadium, Sharjah
Sri Lanka beat Bangladesh by 5 wickets
Comments
TOPICS MENTIONED IN THIS ARTICLE
Sri Lanka Cricket Team
Bangladesh Cricket Team
Sharjah Cricket Association Stadium, Sharjah
ICC T20 World Cup 2021
Sri Lanka Vs Bangladesh, Super 12 - Match 15
Cricket
Get the Latest Cricket Updates, Check India Tour of Australia 2024-25, Results, News and IPL 2025 Mega Auction Updates at NDTV Sports. Like Us On Facebook Or Follow Us On Twitter For More Sports Updates. You Can Also Download The NDTV Cricket App For Android Or iOS.
Related Articles
Shahid Afridi Reveals His "Unfulfilled Desire", It Has An 'India-Pakistan' Connection
India vs Pakistan: Rohit Sharma And Co. On The Cusp Of Huge Record In International Cricket
"It Was Relentless": England All-rounder Chris Jordan Reveals He Faced Racist Abuse After T20 World Cup Loss
"Don't Need To Say What India Means To Us": Mohammed Shami Opens Up On Being Targetted By Trolls After India's Defeat To Pakistan In 2021 T20 World Cup
"Hardest Pills I've Had To Swallow": Jofra Archer On Missing T20 World Cup And The Ashes

Advertisement

Advertisement

ICC Rankings
Test Ranking
ODI Ranking
T20 Ranking
Team
Batting
Bowling
All Rounder
Rank
 
Team
 
Rating
1 
 
Australia
 124
2 
 
India
 111
3 
 
South Africa
 105
4 
 
England
 103
5 
 
New Zealand
 100
View Team Rankings
Last updated on 03 November 2024

Advertisement

Advertisement

Trending Links
Paralympics 2024
Jay Shah
Virat Kohli
Paralympics Medal Tally
India's Schedule Paralympics 2024
Rohit Sharma
Follow us on:
CRICKET
Live Scores
Series
Fixtures
Results
News
Photos
Videos
Features
Teams
Players
Venues
ICC Ranking
FOOTBALL
ISL 2022-23
EPL 2022-23
News
Features
Photos
Fixtures
Results
Videos
Teams
Players
Matchcentre
MORE SPORTS
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Badminton
Golf
Nba
Kabaddi
Shooting
Swimming
Table Tennis
Advertise
About Us
Feedback
Disclaimer
Investor
Complaint Redressal
Careers
Contact Us
This website follows the DNPA Code of Ethics © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2025. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.ndtv.com/icc-t20-world-cup-2021/sri-lanka-vs-bangladesh-live-score-over-super-12-match-15-t20-1-5-updates-2586135 
 ----- 
