Skip to main content
Search form
World
 
Education
 
Jobs
 
E-Paper
 
Marriage Proposals
 
Adz

Sunday, 10 Sep 2023

News
 
Editorial
 
Impact
 
Opinion
 
News Features
 
Spectrum
 
Montage
 
Business
 
Sports
 
Junior Observer
 
Youth Observer
 
Archives
Follow Us:   
Home
Observer Online
Russia never imposes any conditions on aid - Envoy
17 Sep, 2023 08:10
Inland Revenue ordered to hand over Onmax Director’s files to CID
13 Sep, 2023 08:00
Young life snuffed out in train tragedy during Engine Drivers’ strike
13 Sep, 2023 07:50
UDA gets Rs.45 Bn worth project proposals this year
13 Sep, 2023 07:40
Stern action against Trade Union terrorism
13 Sep, 2023 07:25

 Marriage Proposals
 Classifieds
 Obituaries
 Government Gazette
 Media Library
 School Cricketer
Sri Lanka to rest Theekshana as Bangladesh tester looms
0
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Email
 
Messenger
 
WhatsApp
 
Viber
Sports
24 October, 2021
Maheesh Theekshana (left) shows discomfort with a side strain with his captain Dasun Shanaka

Sri Lanka will have to take a decision on whether Maheesh Theekshana is to play or not in the opening Super 12 T20 World Cup fixture against Bangladesh on Sunday after the spinner suffered a side-strain during Friday’s qualifying round match against the Netherlands.

Theekshana bowled one over and took the first two wickets to fall to a bowler and was then substituted on the field by Dhananjaya de Silva as Sri Lanka dismissed the Netherlands for 44 in 10 overs and won by eight wickets in 7.1 overs.

“The decision might be probably to leave him out for the next game,” said team-mate Bhanuka Rajapaksa.

“We don’t want to risk it by playing him and then not having him playing in the rest of the series. For the moment he will be missing the next game as far as I know. It’s not decided yet, but most probably, he will miss the first game and then play the rest of the games.”

Sri Lanka qualified to play in the Super 12s by winning all three matches against Ireland, Namibia and the Netherlands with the bowlers doing the job in restricting the opposition for low scores with the fast bowling duo of Dushmantha Chameera and Lahiru Kumara bowling at express pace.

“I think it’s such a benefit having two bowlers (Chameera and Kumara) who are bowling above 90 mph.

“At the same time, the spinners have been extremely good for us, and they’ve been sticking to their basics and that’s one of the reasons why we have been winning throughout this tournament”, said Rajapakse.

“It’s always special to win games, whether it’s playing against Associate teams or whether it’s against good teams. Going forward, I think we’ll be facing much harder sides than Netherlands, Ireland and Namibia.”

Former captain Mahela Jayawardena who served as a Consultant in the qualifying round games has left the team and returned home in keeping with his obligations.

One of Jayawardena’s decisions was to promote Wanindu Hasaranga de Silva to bat at number five that worked against Ireland when he scored a quick-fire 71 in 47 balls to raise Sri Lanka from a perilous eight runs on the board for the loss of three wickets to a match winning total of 171.

“He (Jayawardena) is a father and he has not seen his kids for like almost six months now, and we totally understand that, but we wish that he was with us for the rest of the tournament, as well.

“The presence of him, I don’t need to comment about it.

“Everyone has seen the difference of the side. We are very thankful for the effort he has put into this squad, and we want to work with him in the future, as well,” said Rajapaksa.

COMMENTS
Your name
Subject
Comment *
Related Articles




Neymar breaks Pele’s record
Neymar has surpassed Pele as Brazil’s male all-time top scorer with two goals in a 5-1 win over Bolivia.The forward, 31, who...
Ex-Marian boxer Ratnapala sees Sri Lanka’s potential on return
Former St Mary’s College, Dehiwela and Navy boxer Bandula Ratnapala stressed that respect and discipline were the two...
Sri Lanka women conquer England in T20
Sri Lanka’s women’s T20 squad comprising Chamari Atapattu (captain), Nilakshi de Silva, Vishmi Gunaratne, Harshitha...
Tennis girls qualify for Asian meet
Sri Lanka’s girls tennis team of 12 years and under have qualified to play in the finals of the ITF Asia 12 and under team...
Three Jaffna cricketers steal the limelight
Three cricketers from Jaffna, Vikneshwaran Akash (Hartley College Point Pedro), JR Newton (Jaffna Central) and Jeyachandran...
Sumathipala enters football but dirty games continue
A new football faction headed by Dacshitha Sumathipala expressed confidence that his team will win the election of office...
Missing medals a worry for Sri Lanka as more challenges appear
Sri Lanka’s athletics team is preparing for the 19th Asian Games with hopes of ending an 18-year medal drought since their...
Stage set for C Rugby’s exciting Mix
As many as16 combined teams of past students from both boys and girls schools will come together on September 16 at Longden...
Asian gold prospect Tharushi torn between school and country
Sri Lanka’s Athletic Secretary Saman Kumara has voiced concerns over player management ahead of the 19th Asian Games,...
A bonus Isipathana-Peterite final today
Defending unbeaten schools league rugby champions St. Peter’s College will go out all guns blazing to win the 2023 Under-19...
France knock down All Blacks in World Cup opener
France made the perfect start on their quest for a first Rugby World Cup title as they beat three-time champions New Zealand...
Sri Lanka beat Bangladesh
Sri Lanka beat Bangladesh by 21 runs in their Super Four match of the Asia Cup at the Premadasa stadium in Colombo yesterday...
Fall-guy screams foul-play at Sri Lanka Cricket
Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) has been further rocked this time from the inside, as a sacked official alleged that his bosses by...
Panama player shot dead
A player in Panama’s football team has been shot dead in the city of Colón.Gunmen opened fire on a group of people, among...
More brickbats over scandalous conduct of Spain’s football head
Spain’s men’s players have condemned the “unacceptable behaviour” of federation president Luis Rubiales.sRubiales, 46, has...
Verstappen breaks Formula One record
Red Bull’s Max Verstappen broke a Formula 1 record with his 10th consecutive win as he overcame Ferrari’s valiant challenge...
Commonwealth Games bronze winner calls it a day
Former Commonwealth Games bronze medallist in weight lifting Sudesh Peiris announced his retirement from the sport at a...
Unwanted Sri Lankan becomes most wanted
A nation will be holding its breath on the edge of the seat as gymnast Nadila Nethviru goes for the Asian Games to do what...
Heath Streak, Zimbabwe’s unsung legend will be remembered
Heath Streak, who has died aged 49, will be remembered as Zimbabwe’s best bowler of all time, and a key player during their...
When Ponting’s Australia won the third World Cup
The 2003 ICC Cricket World Cup was the eighth in its history organised by the International Cricket Council (ICC). It was co...
Load more

The Sunday Observer is the oldest and most circulated weekly English-language newspaper in Sri Lanka since 1928.

editor.suo@lakehouse.lk 
Call Us : (+94) 112 429 429

Web Advertising : (+94) 112 429 315
Nuwan -  +94 77 727 1960
SECTIONS
Home
News
Impact
World
Sports
Business
Opinion
Editorial
News Feature
Youth Observer
SECTIONS 2
Spectrum
Montage
Junior Observer
Obituaries
Classifieds
Marriage Proposals
Browse by Week
E-Paper
Lake House Rest Booking
NEWSPAPERS
Daily News
දිනමිණ
தினகரன்
සිළුමිණ
தினகரன் வாரமஞ்சரி
Observer Education
Archives
Adz
Observer Jobs

Produced by Lake House. Copyright © 1995 - 2023 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://archives1.sundayobserver.lk/2021/10/24/sri-lanka-rest-theekshana-bangladesh-tester-looms 
 ----- 
