Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Detroit Tigers Announcer Delivers Iconic Call Following Improbable Comeback Win
The Detroit Tigers battled back late to beat the Tampa Bay Rays on Thursday, cutting their magic number to two and earning a poetic soliloquy from play-by-play announcer Jason Benetti.
Sam Connon | Sep 26, 2024
Detroit Tigers pitcher Jason Foley (68) celebrates striking out Tampa Bay Rays center fielder Jose Siri (22) during the ninth inning at Comerica Park in Detroit on Thursday, Sept. 26, 2024. / Junfu Han / USA TODAY NETWORK via Imagn Images
In this story:
Detroit Tigers
Tampa Bay Rays

The Detroit Tigers have made quite the habit of staging dramatic comebacks this fall.

For one, they were eight games under .500 as recently as Aug. 10, but somehow entered Thursday at 84-74. To battle back to where they are now – in the driver's seat for an AL Wild Card spot – Detroit has had to eke out win after win, 11 of which have been by just one run.

The Tigers added to that total on Thursday.

Detroit went down 3-0 to the Tampa Bay Rays, unable to get any traction at the plate through five innings. They finally got the ball rolling in the sixth, scoring runs on a triple from Colt Keith and a single from Kerry Carpenter, boosting their win probability from 10.8% to 34.2%.

Still, the Tigers trailed 3-2 entering the bottom of the eighth inning. Keith came through once again with a game-tying single, though, and it was Justyn-Henry Malloy who pinch hit for Carpenter and drove in the go-ahead run on a sacrifice fly.

Suddenly up 4-3, the Tigers turned things over to closer Jason Foley.

The right-handed reliever got Dylan Carlson to fly out to open the ninth, then he struck out Josh Lowe on five pitches. Foley struck out Jose Siri for the final out, securing his 27th save of the season and sending the fans at Comerica Park into a frenzy.

Per usual, Bally Sports Detroit play-by-play announcer Jason Benetti delivered an instantly iconic call as the game went final.

"Tigers win again," Benetti yelled, before pausing to give the raucous crowd its moment over the airwaves. "A city that doesn't care about the odds has a baseball team to match. Out of nowhere, again, the Tigers have won."

The Tigers have won 30 of their last 39, catapulting their way up the standings in the process. They are currently tied with the Kansas City Royals for the second AL Wild Card spot, 2.0 games ahead of the Minnesota Twins with three games to go.

Detroit's magic number is now two, since Minnesota won the head-to-head season series 7-6. FanGraphs gives the Tigers a 96.6% chance of reaching the postseason, compared to the 0.2% chance they had back on Aug. 10.

The Tigers will wrap up their regular season slate this weekend, hosting the last-place Chicago White Sox.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Sep 26, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/detroit-tigers-bally-sports-announcer-jason-benetti-delivers-iconic-call-following-improbable-comeback-win-jason-foley-save-american-league-wild-card-race-01j8qz6jhhj2 
 ----- 
