We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1467 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE

Wisden

Search
SEARCH
Looking for...
Ben Stokes
Virat Kohli
Border-Gavaskar Trophy
Joe Root
IPL Auction
Perth Test
Rohit Sharma
Kane Williamson
GLOBAL

Change Edition

UK
Asia
India
Global
HOME
NEWS
SCORES
LIVE SCORES
FIXTURES
RESULTS
INTERNATIONAL
AUSTRALIA VS INDIA (M)
SOUTH AFRICA VS PAKISTAN (M)
INDIA VS WEST INDIES (W)
ZIMBABWE VS AFGHANISTAN (M)
NEW ZEALAND VS SRI LANKA (M)
CHAMPIONS TROPHY
WOMEN'S ASHES
FEATURES
VIDEOS
PHOTOS
QUIZZES
DAILY QUIZ
QUIZ ARCHIVE
ABOUT WISDEN
WISDEN PODCASTS
WISDEN CRICKETERS' ALMANACK
THE WISDEN STORY
WISDEN CRICKET MONTHLY
CONTACT US
RECORDS
CRICKETBET

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Youtube

Patreon

New Zealand in England 2023

Home
News
Fixtures & Results
Squads
Teams
Jason Roy’s recent form makes him England’s most droppable option to get Harry Brook into their World Cup squad
Katya Witney 
Sep 03, 2023 
3 minute read
NEW ZEALAND IN ENGLAND 2023
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on WhatsApp
Copy Link

Jason Roy is part of the foundations on which England built their white-ball revolution. But now, short on form and already out of their T20I side, the blockage he’s causing is actively harming their World Cup chances.

Subscribe to the Wisden Cricket YouTube channel for post-match analysis, player interviews, and much more.

England’s Harry Brook dilemma is getting more pressing with each innings he plays. While his onslaught against New Zealand in the second T20I may have felt pointed towards the selectors, it was simply just another innings indicative of what everyone already knows he is. But, to get him into their World Cup squad, someone has to miss out.

The two most realistic options to drop are Dawid Malan and Jason Roy. By the metric of recent record in ODI cricket, Malan’s four hundreds in the last 14 months give him the edge over Roy, whose form has been patchy at best.

Overall figures don’t belie just how inconsistent Roy has been. This year, his ODI average from six innings is 46.33, but that comes largely from two big hundreds, with three single figures scores and a 19 making up the rest.

Feast or famine has been a feature since the beginning of Roy’s international career. He was dropped at the back end of the 2017 summer after crossing into double figures only twice in ten innings, but was brought back thanks to Alex Hales’ involvement in the Bristol fracas. On return, he scored 84 and 94 in the final ODIs of the summer.

During England’s post-glory hangover period in 2020, Roy averaged 12.87 from eight innings and scored his first ODI century in 18 months against India in March 2021. His subsequent ODI innings have been punctuated by individual innings of brilliance like a century against the Netherlands and a blistering ton against South Africa in January, but the returns haven’t been at the same level or frequency as the 2019 benchmark.

His T20 woes have also made the infrequency of his ODI returns more concerning. A difficult summer in 2022 meant he was dropped before England’s T20 World Cup campaign in Australia, and his franchise form since has been patchy. In the SA20 earlier this year, a third of his 171 runs came from one of his 11 innings. While a better IPL campaign followed, his only fifty in the 2023 Hundred was sandwiched between two ducks, with a third coming in the final.

[breakout id=”0″][/breakout]

None of this negates that Roy is an exceptional white-ball cricketer. When he is at his best there are few better, and the threat he brings of an irrecoverable onslaught has previously been enough to both carry him through periods of low scores. Most significantly for England, he has been one-half of arguably the best opening ODI partnership of all time with Jonny Bairstow.

It should never underestimated how important their partnership is to England’s white-ball success over the last six years. Being able to take the game away from the opposition in the first ten overs, break the back of a chase before the opposition has realised what’s happening, and the consistency of at least one of them producing a big score, has separated England from the rest.

With a 1,000-run cut-off, Bairstow and Roy sit at numbers two and three for ODI openers with the highest strike rate ever. Their names are littered across every metric measurement for the best opener in ODI cricket. Breaking that would be significant.

England backed their 2019 stars in the selection of their World Cup squad, regardless of their performances since. In most cases, their exceptionality makes their inclusion fair. Bairstow hasn’t played an ODI since before his catastrophic leg break, but everything he has done since justifies his place. Joe Root averaged 35.1 in ODIs since 2019, but his name is enough to mitigate for that, as with Stokes.

[breakout id=”2″][/breakout]

Roy has played the most ODIs of anyone for England since 2019. That he’s had enough time to demonstrate his dwindling powers is perhaps part of why he’s the one out of all England’s World Champions whose place is least secure. Regardless, the extremity of Brook’s talent has exacerbated those concerns. When faced with what they could have over what they currently have, anything less than Brook playing every game of cricket possible for England seems a letdown.

Equally, England seem to have selected Malan over Brook to mitigate the continuation of Roy’s poor form into the World Cup. Not picking someone as exceptional as Brook while selecting someone you half-expect to drop during the tournament makes the omission even more absurd.

There’s no perfect solution to the dilemma. Roy may come into the World Cup and transform back into the force he was in 2019. Brook may find his way into the squad and replicate the torrid times he had in the IPL. But, if England want their best six batters in their World Cup squad, on current returns, Roy isn’t one of them.

LATEST NEWS
View More
No tons in four years: Is Joe Root’s ODI form a cause for concern?
Sep 18, 2023
Katya Witney
New Zealand in England 2023
Jason Roy axed for Harry Brook as England finalise World Cup squad
Sep 17, 2023
New Zealand in England 2023
Joe Root’s struggles and Dawid Malan’s supremacy – Six takeaways from England’s 3-1 ODI series win over New Zealand
Sep 16, 2023
Katya Witney
New Zealand in England 2023
ENG vs NZ fourth ODI highlights: England ride on Dawid Malan hundred to clinch New Zealand series 3-1
Sep 16, 2023
New Zealand in England 2023
SERIES IN FOCUS
Australia vs India (M) 2024-25
Nov 22 - Jan 03, 2024-25
Champions Trophy 2025
Feb 19 - Mar 09, 2025
South Africa vs Pakistan (M) 2024 - 25
Dec 10 - Jan 03, 2024 - 25
World Test Championship 2023 - 25
Jun 16-Feb 06, 2023 - 25
Home
Series
News
Jason Roy’s recent form makes him England’s most droppable option to get Harry Brook into their World Cup squad
About Wisden
The Wisden Story
Wisden Cricketers' Almanack
Wisden Cricket Monthly
Wisden Podcasts
Wisden Contributors
Contact us
Terms
Cookie Notice
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Return Policy

© 2024 Indie Space, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. Indie Space may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wisden.com/series/new-zealand-in-england-2023/cricket-news/jason-roys-recent-form-makes-him-englands-most-droppable-option-to-get-harry-brook-into-their-world-cup-squad 
 ----- 
