 An official website of the United States government Here's how you know 
Official websites use .mil
A .mil website belongs to an official U.S. Department of Defense organization in the United States.
Secure .mil websites use HTTPS
A lock ( ) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .mil website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
 MENU
HOME
SEARCH 
ABOUT
Who We Are
Organization
Quality of Life
Army A-Z
	
NEWS
Army Worldwide
Press Releases
Soldier Features
	
MULTIMEDIA
Photos
Videos
Publications
LEADERS
Secretary
Under Secretary
Chief of Staff
Vice Chief of Staff
Sergeant Major of the Army
	
FEATURES
Valor
Events
Heritage
Army 101
	
    
NEWSROOM
PUBLIC AFFAIRS
SOCIAL MEDIA GUIDE
JOIN
FAQS
AKO
CONTACT US
Search news, photos and videos on Army.mil
Service, soccer and sombreros: Mexican native honors roots for Hispanic Heritage

By Maj. Joe LegrosOctober 15, 2024

Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share on Reddit
Share on LinkedIn
Share via Email
Back to U.S. Army Southern European Task Force, Africa

VICENZA, Italy – From Mexico to Italy, one proud Hispanic American Soldier parlays love for soccer and family as a way to remember his roots and build bridges among different cultures.

“I wear a soccer jersey whenever I travel,” said U.S. Army Master Sgt. Ricardo Vacamedina, first sergeant of the Intelligence and Sustainment Company, Headquarters and Headquarters Battalion (HHBn), U.S. Army Southern European Task Force, Africa (SETAF-AF). “It’s turned out to be a great way to meet new people. Soccer is a universal language, so it’s really helped me break down some cultural barriers.”

The jersey color, just like his U.S. Army uniform, is distinctly green. Both are sources of pride for this Michoacán, Mexico native.

Now living in Italy and working at SETAF-AF with a mission to build strong partnerships with European and African counterparts, Vacamedina explains that his early life was a different story.

“I was an at-risk kid who got kicked out of high school in Mulberry, Florida,” he said. “It was a wake-up call for me, but I started a program through Job Core that helped me gain some job skills and graduate.”

The program trained him to be a heavy equipment operator. Upon graduation, Vacamedina visited an Army recruiter, eager to turn his life around.

“I basically looked at the recruiter and said, ‘what do I need to do to get where you’re at?’ I passed the entry exam and becoming a tanker made the most sense,” said Vacamedina.

After convincing his mother joining the Army was the right choice for him, Vacamedina deployed to Iraq from Oct. 2009 to Sept. 2010, almost immediately after attending basic combat and advanced individual training. He was 22 years old.

“Looking back, it really was the best decision for me,” he said. “Going through Job Core and joining the Army changed my whole perception, my whole life. I was willing to risk my life, risk it all, for all the opportunities the U.S. provided to me and my family.”

Along with serving as a tanker, Vacamedina has held additional Army positions in recruiting and retention, unit supply, master resiliency, equal opportunity, as well as sexual harassment / assault response and prevention (SHARP).

Those opportunities eventually gave him a chance to travel and experience other cultures. However, as evidenced by the Mexican soccer jersey he wears during free time and temporary duty assignments (TDY) throughout Europe and Africa, Vacamedina still holds closely to his roots.

“I’m super proud of my Mexican heritage and it makes me feel good when I run into someone who shares that same passion,” he said. “I’ve made connections in London, Morocco, Norway and Austria, simply by wearing the jersey. It sparks a conversation.”

During his time in Vicenza, Vacamedina served as HHBn’s senior supply sergeant for nearly two years, then as the asset visibility noncommissioned officer-in-charge in SETAF-AF’s logistics directorate.

He also holds an additional duty as a sexual assault response coordinator (SARC).

“I have two young daughters and a son who I’m encouraging to join the Army at some point,” said Vacamedina. “SARC’s teach others about active bystander intervention which basically means if you see something questionable, do something to prevent it from going further. I want to empower others, including my children, to do the same.”

Aside from SARC duties, Vacamedina says one Army achievement sticks out to him most during his 16 year-career.

“I thought I would do horrible at recruiting to be honest,” he said. “But I earned both the gold recruitment patch I wear on my uniform, as well as a gold recruitment ring.”

Army recruiters earn this honor through a point system requiring them to maintain consistent appointments that lead to new enlistments. Even missing one month over the course of a year disqualifies recruiters from earning the badge. The gold ring is earned by going above and beyond the normal standard for badges.

Vacamedina brought this same work ethic to SETAF-AF, earning the joint service achievement medal during exercise African Lion in 2022, U.S. Africa Command’s largest military exercise on the continent.

The exercise fit right into Vacamedina’s wheelhouse as a relationship builder, supporting SETAF-AF’s mission to strengthen and enable partners. However, he is quick to point out that life is not just about Army business.

“When I’m on vacation or TDY, you’ll find me wearing a sombrero or Pancho Villa-style hat,” said Vacamedina. “I draw a lot of attention when I do that, but they are gifts from my in-laws and my mom. Wearing them reminds me of back home and I enjoy the conversations that come up as a result.”

Reflecting on Hispanic American heritage, Vacamedina shares that it goes beyond just the month-long celebration from Sept. 15 – Oct 15. It is a way of life that he is even more grateful for, especially now that he dons the U.S. Army uniform.

“I’m super proud of my ethnicity, so proud that I wanted to join the Army to show we have good people where I come from and that I’m grateful for the opportunities the U.S. has given me,” he concluded.

About Hispanic Heritage Month

National Hispanic Heritage Month runs from Sept. 15 to Oct. 15. This mid-September start date is significant as it coincides with the independence days of several Latin American nations: Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua on Sept. 15, followed by Mexico on Sept. 16, Chile on Sept. 18, and Belize on Sept. 21. This month celebrates Hispanic heritage and recognizes the impact Hispanic people have had on the United States, including the Armed Services.

During National Hispanic Heritage Month, we pause and reflect on our shared history as Americans and celebrate the rich mosaic of people and cultures who build and strengthen our Army and our nation. This year’s national theme — “Latinos: Driving Prosperity, Power and Progress in America” — captures that spirit as we observe the unique and storied history Hispanic Americans have in the Army — serving and fighting in almost every war since our nation’s birth. Learn more about Hispanic Americans in the U.S. Army at https://www.army.mil/hispanics/.

About SETAF-AF

SETAF-AF provides U.S. Africa Command and U.S. Army Europe and Africa a dedicated headquarters to synchronize Army activities in Africa and scalable crisis-response options in Africa and Europe.

Follow SETAF-AF on: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, LinkedIn & DVIDS

RELATED STORIES
OCTOBER 5, 2023Army making significant strides in artillery production as fiscal year ends
SEPTEMBER 21, 2023Transcript: Media Roundtable with Douglas Bush, ASA for AL&T, September 19, 2023
SEPTEMBER 16, 2022Department of the Army updates Total Army COVID-19 vaccination statistics
APRIL 12, 2022U.S. Army STAND-TO! | Army Organic Industrial Base Modernization Implementation Plan
SEPTEMBER 11, 2020Army Brain Operant Learning Technology competition accepting applications until Oct. 16
OCTOBER 27, 2017New East Texas Civilian Aide to the Secretary of the Army Invested
OCTOBER 7, 2016Milstein invested as new Civilian Aide to the Secretary of the Army
Official U.S. Army Facebook
 
Official U.S. Army Twitter
 
Official U.S. Army YouTube
 
Official U.S. Army Instagram
 
Official U.S. Army LinkedIn
HOME CONTACT US PRIVACY TERMS OF USE ACCESSIBILITY FOIA NO FEAR ACT
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.army.mil/article/280296/service_soccer_and_sombreros_mexican_native_honors_roots_for_hispanic_heritage 
 ----- 
