CLOSE
Weather
53°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Sponsored Content
Sponsored Content | Spanish
Timeless in Texas
Marketplace
More
Help Center
Classifieds
Obituaries
Guides
Back to the Ballot
Parents' Guide to Summer
Voter Guide
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Topics
Soccer
Golf
Today's Articles in Print
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Leaving undercover work for Dallas Cowboys was a game-changer for Larry Wansley’s family
What we know about the home break-ins of Dallas pro-athletes Luka Doncic, Tyler Seguin
Dallas’ most esoteric restaurant to close — an end to the city’s most interesting food
Dallas Stars forward Tyler Seguin’s home broken into earlier this season
I-35W southbound lanes near Heritage Trace shut down following Fort Worth police chase
Police: Mavs’ Luka Doncic’s Dallas home burglarized Friday, $30K worth of jewelry stolen
Tarrant County Jail inmate died in custody following medical emergency, official says
5 New Mexico Bowl takeaways: TCU, Josh Hoover dominate Louisiana in 31-point victory
Search continues for missing 8-year-old girl days after Christmas Eve crash in Sherman
Cowboys place WR CeeDee Lamb, CB Amani Oruwariye on IR ahead of Eagles matchup
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSFC DALLAS

Mexico exits Copa America in group stage with scoreless draw against Ecuador
Ecuador avoided a penalty shot in stoppage time after a review and earned a spot the Copa America quarterfinals with a 0-0 draw against Mexico on Sunday night.

By The Associated Press

Wire Service

Jun. 30, 2024
|
Updated 11:58 p.m. CDT
|
3 min. read
Mexico's Santiago Gimenez reacts at the end of a Copa America Group B soccer match against Ecuador in Glendale, Ariz., Sunday, June 30, 2024. The match ended in a 0-0 draw. (AP Photo/Matt York)(Matt York / AP)

GLENDALE, Ariz. — Ecuador avoided a penalty shot in stoppage time after a review and earned a spot the Copa America quarterfinals with a 0-0 draw against Mexico on Sunday night.

Mexico initially received a penalty kick from referee Mario Alberto Escobar Toca when Ecuador’s Félix Torres took down Mexican forward Guillermo Martínez in the penalty box. VAR rescinded the penalty because Torres touched the ball and Mexico was awarded a corner kick, sending in a chorus of boos raining down from the Mexican fans at State Farm Stadium.

“I don’t like to talk about our referee. It is what it is and I believe we have more possibilities now that we have VAR,” Mexico coach Jaime Lozano said. “After an early exit, I don’t want to talk about the referee.”

Ahead on goal differential, Ecuador weathered a second-half push by Mexico in front of 62,656 mostly pro-Mexico fans to finish second in Group B behind Venezuela. Ecuador will face Group A winner Argentina in the quarterfinals Thursday in Houston.

Sports Roundup

Get the latest D-FW sports news, analysis, scores and more.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

Related:Mexico loses to Venezuela; Copa America knockout round hopes rest on Ecuador match

“Playing against Argentina in our experience is a very tough team because they have the world’s best players, they play in the best leagues at a high level,” Ecuador coach Félix Sánchez said through an interpreter. “They are very versatile, have been playing together for a long time with the same coach and they still have a lot of ambition.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Mexico failed to get out of the group stage for the fourth time in its last five Copa America appearances, which could put Lozano’s job in jeopardy.

El Tri was eliminated in the first round of the World Cup for the first time since 1978 in Qatar two years ago and lost to the United States in CONCACAF Nations League final in March.

Mexico had one goal on 57 shots in three Copa America games.

“There were many players who had never played in a tournament like this, which is directly below the World Cup,” Lozano said. “Other players (who played) in the Cup didn’t have the results of other games. But I believe the team has grown in many aspects. The decision is not up to me.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Mexico needed a win to advance after losing 1-0 to Venezuela on a penalty kick in the 57th minute and beating Jamaica 1-0 in the tournament opener.

Ecuador, ahead 4-1 in goal differential, only needed a draw to reach the quarterfinals following a 3-1 win over Jamaica and a 2-1 loss to group leader Venezuela.

Mexico had a slight advantage in possession the first half (54%) and took seven shots, but continued its struggles with efficiency.

El Tri didn’t have a shot on goal and its best scoring chance came in the final minutes of the half, when Santiago Giménez sent a header over the crossbar.

Ecuador had the best chance of the half in the 19th minute, when Kendry Paez’s shot to the near post on free kick forced Julio González to make a save.

“We’ve discussed when there was a pass backward, we should try to move ahead but they were trying to press with two or three players,” Sánchez said. We created two or three counter attacks, but in fútbol today you have to be good in every phase.”

Mexico began ramping up the pressure early in the second half, creating more scoring opportunities.

ADVERTISEMENT

El Tri and its fans were irate when Toca didn’t call a foul after Torres took down Gerardo Arteaga in the penalty box, but the non-call was upheld on VAR. Giménez sent another header over the crossbar on the ensuing corner kick.

Julián Quiñones had Mexico’s best chance a few minutes later, rifling a shot from just inside the box that Alexander Domínguez sprawled out to knock away. Giménez’s shot on the rebound hit the outside of the goal.

Mexico continued to pressure Ecuador and thought it had a potential tournament-saving penalty shot, only to have it taken away.

Related Stories
VIEW MORE
FC Dallas acquires defender Shaq Moore in trade with Nashville SC
FC Dallas follows familiar path, emphasizes defense with 2025 MLS SuperDraft selections
USWNT’s Trinity Rodman opens up on relationship with Dennis Rodman: ‘He’s not a dad’
ADVERTISEMENT

Find more soccer coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

By The Associated Press
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Police: Mavs’ Luka Doncic’s Dallas home burglarized Friday, $30K worth of jewelry stolen
2
Leaving undercover work for Dallas Cowboys was a game-changer for Larry Wansley’s family
3
A North Texas high school locked up cellphones. Here’s what happened
4
Stars forward Mason Marchment ‘not good,’ ruled week-to-week after gruesome face injury
5
Mavericks’ Naji Marshall, P.J. Washington receive suspensions for fight with Jusuf Nurkic
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2024 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/fc-dallas/2024/06/30/mexico-exits-copa-america-in-group-stage-with-scoreless-draw-against-ecuador/ 
 ----- 
