MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL
ALCS Game 6 highlights: Adolis Garcia hits grand slam, Rangers beat Astros 9-2, force Game 7
Updated Oct. 22, 2023 11:43 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK

There will be a Game 7 in the American League Championship Series.

The Texas Rangers continued the "road-field advantage" trend of this ALCS, beating the Houston Astros 9-2 in Minute Maid Park on Sunday. The lopsided final score belied a tense game throughout, only blown open in the top of the ninth as Game 5 focal point Adolis Garcia hit a line-drive grand slam to put this one out of reach.

Mitch Garver also had a clutch game, with three hits including a key solo home run and RBI double. Jonah Heim added a two-run home run off Framber Valdez to give the Rangers a lead they would never relinquish

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Rangers starter Nathan Eovaldi maintained his reputation as a big-game pitcher, allowing just two runs on five hits over 6.1 solid inning to keep his team alive. Josh Sborz and Jose Leclerc worked into and out of jams to preserve the lead before Garcia's game-sealing slam.

Game 7 of the 2023 ALCS will take place Monday at 8 p.m. ET on FOX and the FOX Sports App.

Texas Rangers vs. Houston Astros (HOU leads series 3-2)

Astros fans make their displeasure known

Bryan Abreu's pending two-game suspension for hitting Adolis Garcia in Game 5 has Astros fans feeling a certain type of way.

WSOP Poker Finally on Desktop: The King of Poker Games Is Breaking Records
World Series of Poker|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Earn Cash Back on Purchases with a New Card
Intuit Credit Karma|Sponsored
Bill McCartney, who coached Colorado football to only national title, dies at 84
Bill McCartney, a three-time coach of the year in the Big Eight Conference who led Colorado to its only football national championship in 1990, has died. He w...
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

Álvarez gets Astros on the board

Yordan Álvarez continued his hot hitting against Nathan Eovaldi, with an RBI single in the top of the first to score José Altuve for the game's first run.

Garver goes deep!

Mitch Garver wasted no time getting that run back, hitting the first pitch of the second inning into the right-field seats to tie the game at one.

Incredible snag!

Check out the grab that this fan dressed in LSU gear made on Garver's home run ball.

Heim time!

Jonah Heim's skyscraping fly ball just barely cleared the right-field fence to give the Rangers a 3-1 lead, their first of the game.

Astros' CRAZY home-road splits continue

Houston did not have a hit since the first inning as Nathan Eovaldi is through five one-run frames, as the Astros' stunning offensive struggles at home continue.

Houston claws one back

The Astros finally got to Eovaldi again, pushing across another run in the sixth thanks to a Mauricio Dubón sacrifice fly to bring home Yordan Álvarez.

Neris gets out of the jam!

Hector Neris got Corey Seager to ground out in the top of the seventh with two runners on, keeping the Astros' deficit at one run — and celebrated accordingly.

Sborz preserves the lead!

The bottom of the seventh was Josh Sborz's turn to be fired up after a big play. After entering in relief for Eovaldi in the bottom of the seventh, he got Michael Brantley to ground into a double play with Alex Bregman and Yordan Álvarez on deck to maintain the Rangers' one-run lead.

Abreu strikes out Garcia in the rematch

Just over 48 hours after their near-brawl may have played a huge role in the wild outcome of Game 5, Bryan Abreu — who is appealing his two-game suspension for hitting Adolis Garcia with a pitch — struck out the Rangers slugger.

Garver again!

Mitch Garver was having himself a game, as his RBI double gave the Rangers a key insurance run to make the score 4-2 in the eighth. It was Garver's third hit of the game.

Rangers pull another huge escape!

Jose Leclerc walked Kyle Tucker to load the bases but got pinch-hitter Jon Singleton swinging to preserve the Rangers' lead.

Rangers add another in painful fashion

After Texas loaded the bases with nobody out, the Rangers got their fifth run of the game after Ryne Stanek, newly in the game, hit Corey Seager with a pitch.

GARCIA IS GRAND

After getting booed all game due to his Game 5 home run, hit-by-pitch and bench-clearing incident, Adolis Garcia answered Astros fans in a big way — with a line-drive grand slam into the Crawford Boxes.

[Do you want more great stories delivered right to you? Here's how you can create or log in to your FOX Sports account, follow your favorite leagues, teams and players and receive a personalized newsletter in your inbox daily.]

FOLLOW
Follow your favorites to personalize your FOX Sports experience
Houston Astros
Texas Rangers
Major League Baseball
SHARE
MLB TRENDING
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
VIEW MORE
Get more from Major League Baseball
Follow your favorites to get information about games, news and more
FOLLOW
IN THIS TOPIC
MLB - Texas Rangers vs. Houston Astros - 10/23/2023
Major League Baseball
Texas Rangers
Houston Astros
Framber Valdez
Nathan Eovaldi
Bryan Abreu
Jose Altuve
Adolis García
SPONSORED CONTENT
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
2024 Senior SUV Lease Deals Are A True Head Turner (You'll Love...
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
CommonSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Click Here
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Empty Cruises Departing From Iowa That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
|
Sponsored
Learn More
[Get a Quote] AARP Life & Health Insurance
mSearchi
|
Sponsored
Get Quote
New Electric Cars Are Cheaper Than Expected (Take A Look)
CommonSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Click Here
Private Jet Flights For Sale Now (See Prices)
SearchTopics | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Many Seniors Unaware Of Free Car Insurance Based On Their Age (Take A Look)
Car Insurance Plans | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/stories/mlb/alcs-game-6-live-updates-rangers-astros-top-plays-highlights 
 ----- 
