Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Formula 1
News
F1 - Formula 1
Lewis Hamilton, shockingly disqualified from the United States Grand Prix

Charles Leclerc was also impacted by the decision from the FIA technical team. Both drivers and their respective teams can appeal.

Lewis Hamilton and Charles Leclerc speak on the track.F1
F1 / LAPRESSE
22/10/2023 - 23:00 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
F1. United States Grand Prix Winners: Who has won the most times at Circuit of the Americas?
F1. F1 Sprint Race: How does this race work in the United States Grand Prix?

Lewis Hamilton and Charles Leclerc have both been disqualified from the United States Grand Prix. Following the race in Austin, their cars were inspected and irregularities were spotted by the FIA Technical team after a plank wear inspection was carried out.

The Delegate's Report stated that: "The skids located in the area -825 XR - 1025 are found to be not in compliance with Article 3.5.9 e) of the 2023 Formula One Technical Regulations."

The skids located in the area -825 XR - 1025 are found to be not in compliance with Article 3.5.9 e) of the 2023 Formula One Technical Regulations

F1 Delegate's Report

As such, both were immediately referred to the stewards.

Hamilton had finished a brilliant second place

Hamilton had finished a brilliant second, harrying the triumphant Max Verstappen all the way to the line. He had been running a new floor at this event, Mercedes bringing their last major upgrade package of the year to Austin.

Leclerc crossed the line in sixth, fractions of a second ahead of the second Mercedes of George Russell after falling back in the late stages on the less favoured one-stop strategy.

Both teams sent a representative to speak to the stewards, stating that "the high wear on the skid pads was probably a result of the unique combination of the bumpy track and the Sprint race schedule that minimized the time to set up and check the car before the race."

However, the Stewards noted that "the onus is on the competitor to ensure that the car is in compliance with the regulations at all times during an event. In this particular case, the rear skid in the area defined in the Technical Delegate's report was outside of the thresholds outlined in Article 3.5.9 e) of the FIA Formula One Technical Regulations, which includes a tolerance for wear."

The disqualification moves Norris up to second and promotes Carlos Sainz to the podium places. Sergio Perez moves to fourth and extends his lead over Hamilton in the fight for second in the drivers' championship.

MORE in MARCA
Steve Sarkisi...
Marca
Ben Affl eck re...
Marca

Russell jumps from seventh to fifth, Pierre Gasly to sixth and Lance Stroll to seventh. Yuki Tsunoda was eighth, with the Japanese racer also grabbing the bonus point for fastest lap on a good day for AlphaTauri.

It also means that Williams score with both cars, Alex Albon inheriting ninth place and Logan Sargeant grabbing his first F1 point with P10 on home soil.

Lewis Hamilton - English
F1 - English
Charles Leclerc - English
F1 - Formula 1Charles Leclerc takes pole position from Verstappen while Checo Perez reaches top 10
F1Verstappen, spin and mini-pole over Leclerc: Sainz 6th and Alonso 12th
F1 - Formula 1Helmut Marko throws jabs at Lewis Hamilton pointing out his mistakes 'He finally admitted'
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Deion Sanders controls the NFL...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Who Has the Chea pest Car Insuran...
Financebuzz
Grab Workout Ready Drinkware
YETI
What if WW1 had caused another ...
Historical Strategy Game
5 Best virtual phon e systems (VoIP)
traveltrendstoday
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/f1/2023/10/23/6535efd046163fa6728b4591.html 
 ----- 
