SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS
MOROCCO CRUSH CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC, GUIRASSY SCORES HAT-TRICK FOR GUINEA
Morocco crush Central African Republic, Guirassy scores hat-trick for Guinea
AFP,
12.10.2024 21:43
Yadaly Guirassy in action
Profimedia/Cal Sport Media /Alamy
Morocco hammered Central African Republic 5-0 and Serhou Guirassy (28) scored a hat-trick as Guinea trounced Ethiopia 4-1 on Saturday in the final 2025 Africa Cup of Nations third-round qualifiers.

Azzedine Ounahi netted twice and Abde Ezzalzouli, Achraf Hakimi and Soufiane Rahimi once each as 2022 World Cup semi-finalists Morocco eased to victory in Oujda after leading 4-0 by half-time.

It was a predictable Group B outcome as 114 places separate top-ranked African team Morocco from the Central African Republic - the widest gap among the 24 third-round pairings.

Morocco equalled the biggest winning margin in 2025 qualifying after South Africa set the benchmark with a five-goal drubbing of Congo in Gqeberha 24 hours earlier.

Morocco qualify automatically for the AFCON as hosts, with the tournament due to start on December 21st 2025 and finish on January 18th, 2026, the first time it has spanned two years.

But instead of playing friendlies, Morocco (nine points) opted for competitive match practice, leaving Gabon (four), Central African Republic (three) and Lesotho (one) to fight for one place.

The pace and power of Guirassy was too much for Ethiopia to handle in Group H as 65-year-old French coach Michel Dussuyer began a fourth spell in charge of Guinea.

Guirassy, born in France to Guinean parents, sent goalkeeper Seid Habtamu the wrong way from an 18th-minute penalty to open the scoring in Abidjan.

His next two goals, after 37 minutes and in first half added-time, saw the Borussia Dortmund forward outpace defenders and fire close-range shots into the right corner of the net.

It was the first hat-trick in 2025 qualifying and made Guirassy the joint leading scorer with Algerian Amine Gouiri, Egyptian Mahmoud 'Trezeguet' Hassan and Ivorian Jean-Philippe Krasso.

Seydouba Cisse, who set up the second goal for Guirassy, turned scorer early in the second half off an assist from Mady Camara.

After scoring just once in 180 minutes when losing to the Democratic Republic of Congo and Tanzania last month, Guinea netted four times within 48 minutes.

Ethiopia, who failed to score in their first two matches, finally breached the Guinea defence on 53 minutes with Kenean Markneh netting.

DR Congo top the table with nine points and share perfect records halfway through qualifying with Algeria, Angola, Egypt, Ivory Coast and Morocco.

Tanzania have four points and Guinea three, and their November meeting will probably decide who finishes runners-up and accompanies likely table-toppers DR Congo to Morocco.

Matchday 4 kicks off on Sunday with a solitary fixture, between Burundi and Burkina Faso. There are eight matches the following day and 15 on Tuesday.

Follow the AFCON qualifiers here.

MENTIONS
Football
Africa Cup of Nations
Serhou Guirassy
Abde Ezzalzouli
Achraf Hakimi
Azzedine Ounahi
Soufiane Rahimi
Seydouba Cisse
Jean-Philippe Krasso
Michel Ekodi
Alidu Seidu
Amine Gouiri
Canaan Markneh
Mady Camara
Morocco
Guinea
Ethiopia
Tanzania
Gabon
Lesotho
Algeria
Angola
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Egypt
Ivory Coast
African football
Central Africa
Related Articles
Mohamed Salah helps Egypt to victory as Tunisia stunned by Comoros
11.10.2024 22:04
Ghana held by Sudan as Algeria march on in Cup of Nations qualifiers
11.10.2024 08:34
Salah scores in Egypt romp, South Africa win & Rwanda hold Nigeria
10.09.2024 21:46
Show more
Football
Simone Inzaghi hails Inter Milan players after side thrash in-form Lazio
6 min ago
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
9 h ago
Updated
Unal scores late stunner as Bournemouth snatch point from stubborn West Ham
9 h ago
Inter sparkle in six-goal thrashing of Lazio to keep pace with Serie A title chasers
10 h ago
Napoli lose defender Buongiorno for up to two months due to spinal fractures
11 h ago
Spain drawn into group with Italy, Belgium and Portugal for UEFA Women's EURO 2025
12 h ago
Updated
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
13 h ago
Foden says Manchester City players still believe in Guardiola despite recent struggles
13 h ago
Rafael Louzan elected new head of Spanish FA after year of turmoil
15 h ago
RB Salzburg sack head coach Lijnders after poor first-half of season
16 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Three Premier League talking points as Manchester City's crisis deepens
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-africa-cup-of-nations-morocco-crush-central-african-republic-guirassy-scores-hat-trick-for-guinea/8Utb6KqQ/ 
 ----- 
