English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / ODI World Cup 2023: Pakistan vs South Africa MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips - Key Players, Probable XIs, Fantasy Team, Captain, Vice-Captain & More

ODI World Cup 2023: Pakistan vs South Africa MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips - Key Players, Probable XIs, Fantasy Team, Captain, Vice-Captain & More
Pakistan have had the better of South Africa with three wins in previous four meetings, but they will need to improve their performance by a lot, to challenge them on October 27.

ARJUN SHARMA
Author

Published on - 25 Oct 2023 10:36 AM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: October 27, 2023
Time : 2:00 PM IST
Venue : MA Chidambaram Stadium, Chennai
Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary : SportsTiger App

Follow: ODI World Cup 2023 Live Scores Here

Preview

Pakistan will take on South Africa in the 26th match of the ODI World Cup 2023, at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai. With three consecutive losses, the Men in Green are looking down the barrel in the quadrennial spectacle, while the Proteas have smashed England and Bangladesh in their last two outings. Pakistan have had the better of South Africa with three wins in previous four meetings, but they will need to improve their performance by a lot, to challenge them on October 27.

Weather Report

Pitch Report

Analysis

The recent run of losses in the ODI World Cup 2023 for Pakistan has coincided with their batters struggling to score runs at a quick rate, with the top order of Abdullah Shafique, Imam-ul-Haq and Babar Azam, finding themselves under more pressure. In the bowling side of things, the lack of wickets in the early stages from the likes of Shaheen Afridi and Hasan Ali, has led to the oppositions scoring big totals against them.

On the other hand, South Africa batters have managed to score totals in excess of 300 runs in four out of five occasions during the ODI World Cup 2023, with the likes of Quinton de Kock and Heinrich Klaasen notching up multiple hundreds. The Protea bowlers have shared wickets amongst themselves regularly in the flagship tournament, while being spearheaded by the experienced Kagiso Rabada and Keshav Maharaj.

Key Players

Author’s Picks

Probable XIs

Pakistan: Abdullah Shafique, Imam-ul-Haq, Babar Azam (c), Muhammad Rizwan (wk), Saud Shakeel, Shadab Khan, Iftikhar Ahmed, Shaheen Afridi, Hasan Ali, Usama Mir, Haris Rauf

South Africa: Quinton de Kock (wk), Reeza Hendricks, Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram (c), Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Marco Jansen, Gerald Coetzee, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Tabraiz Shamsi

Grand League

Head-to-head

Best 14

Wicketkeepers : Muhammad Rizwan, Quinton de Kock
Batters : Abdullah Shafique, Babar Azam, Saud Shakeel, Rassie van der Dussen, Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller
All-Rounders : Iftikhar Ahmed, Aiden Markram
Bowlers : Shaheen Afridi, Hasan Ali, Kagiso Rabada, Keshav Maharaj

Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

PakistanSouth AfricaODI World Cup 2023
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

HS Prannoy’s match stopped and postponed due to leakage in stadium roof at Malaysia Open

07 January 2025

My fault: Sam Konstas accepts provoking Jasprit Bumrah in fifth BGT Test leading to Usman Khawaja’s wicket

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/odi-world-cup-2023-pak-vs-sa-dream11-fantasy-tips-key-players-probable-xis-dream11-grand-league-prediction-pakistan-vs-south-africa-dream11-fantasy-team-probable-playing-xi-head-to-head-pitch-report-match-overview 
 ----- 
