News
Programmes
Schedules
How to Listen
About RNZ Pacific
PACIFIC
24 Jun 2024
OFC Nations Cup: All Whites, Bula Boys head into semifinals undefeated
11:39 am on 24 June 2024 
Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In

New Zealand's Tyler Bindon has a crack at scoring. OFC Men's Nations Cup 2024, Group A, Vanuatu v New Zealand, VFF Freshwater Stadium, Port Vila, Friday 21 June 2024. Photo: Shane Wenzlick / Phototek.nz

The All Whites and the Bula Boys will be heading into the semifinals of the 2024 OFC Men's Nations Cup in Port Vila on Thursday with a hundred percent win record during the group stages of the competition.

New Zealand topped Group A after comfortably defeating Solomon Islands 3-0 in their opening game, before dumping the hosts Vanuatu 4-0 on Friday.

They have not conceded in the competition and will take on Tahiti, after the French territory finished runners-up in Group B, after their 1-0 loss to Fiji in the final pool game.

New Zealand head coach Darren Bazeley the team is "constantly challenging ourselves to be better".

"We played good football when we had those moments. A lot of good passing, possession and movements, we got in some really good areas," he told OFC after the win over Vanuatu.

"There are certain things we can step up every game which we are gradually doing but overall it was a very comfortably and very professional job."

Fiji discarded Papua New Guinea 5-1 in their first game, before thumping Samoa 9-1, and round up with a win over Tahiti to finish on top of Group B.

The Bula Boys have scored an impressive 15 goals and conceded only two. They will play Vanuatu, also on Thursday.

Fiji captain Roy Krishna said getting out of the group was the team's main focus.

"We played Vanuatu several times before so we know how good of a team they are. There are some individual quality players, but we are just going to focus on ourselves," Krishna told OFC after the win over Tahiti.

"We know [Vanuatu] are going to play. It's all about uis, now we are just going to recover. It's a quick turnaround so that's what matters now."

Coach Robert Sherman said the semifinal against Vanuatu will be a "reasonable challenge".

"We played them in the Pacific Games. We have some recent history with them so we we are looking forward to it."

Meanwhile, Solomon Islands and Samoa failed to register a single point in the competition.

Tags: 
Oceania Soccer
 
Ofc Men's Nations Cup
Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In

Copyright © 2024, Radio New Zealand

NEXT STORY IN PACIFIC
Activity detected at Home Reef volcano - Tonga Geological Service monitoring situation
RELATED STORIES
New Zealand neutralise Vanuatu flair
21 Jun 2024

Max Mata scores first international goals as All Whites beat Vanuatu at the OFC Nations Cup.

New Zealand neutralise Vanuatu flair
OFC Men's Nations Cup: Hosts eye title as New Zealand name young squad
11 Jun 2024

Vanuatu will host Group A matches that includes New Zealand and the Solomon Islands, while Group B has Fiji, Papua New Guinea, Samoa and Tahiti.

OFC Men's Nations Cup: Hosts Fiji and Vanuatu eye title as All Whites name young squad
PACIFIC
Fiji police describe leaked explicit video of MP an intrusion of privacy
French Pacific news in brief
Rescue team deployed after Vanuatu earthquake welcomed back to NZ
Get the RNZ app

for ad-free news and current affairs

 
TOP NEW ZEALAND STORIES
Two dead after crash on State Highway 1 north of Mangaweka
Plane crashes on runway in South Korea, rescue underway
The oddest news RNZ covered in 2024
Man believed to have died after falling off mattress on top of a station wagon
Supermodel and actress Dayle Haddon, 76, dies from apparent carbon monoxide leak
SUBSCRIBE

Pacific RSS

Follow RNZ News
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.rnz.co.nz/international/pacific-news/520394/ofc-nations-cup-all-whites-bula-boys-head-into-semifinals-undefeated 
 ----- 
