Skip to content
December 29, 2024
FB
Twitter

FOOTBALL IN OCEANIA

STORIES FROM THE BEAUTFIUL GAME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS

Primary Menu
New Zealand cruise to Nations Cup win

New Zealand have come out on top in Group A after a solid win over Vanuatu.

New Zealand’s Max Mata celebrates his 1st goal. (Photo: OFC via Phototek)

Vanuatu – New Zealand 0-4

“Going into this game, Vanuatu with a big crowd, it’s a challenging game for us. I thought we were pretty professional and controlled for most of the game, but they’ve got a few players who are pretty handy. But mostly I felt it was pretty comfortable”, New Zealand coach Darren Bazeley tells Football in Oceania.

“I feel we can reward ourselves by taking more shots and scoring more goals when we get into good positions.”

New Zealand’s coach Darren Bazeley. (Photo: OFC via Phototek)

His counterpart, Vanuatu’s Juliano Schmeling, wasn’t too beaten down by the loss.

“For us it was a great moment to learn and to apply what we’ve been doing in training. It’s good for us to play against a quality team. This is the best way to learn,” he says.

“Obivously the result didn’t help. We didn’t want to have a result like that, but the formation that we played, in many moments it worked. But we need to be able to do that consistently and keep growing.”

It took only ten minutes before New Zealand had the lead in the game.

Elijah Just crossed to Max Mata, who won his duel on the back post and headed the ball into the back of the net.

“It was good for me to open my account for the national team,” Mata tells Football in Oceania.

New Zealand’s Max Mata celebrates his 1st goal. (Photo: OFC via Phototek)

Just before half an hour was played the ball was in the back of the net again. Mata pounced on a rebound from Vanuatu goalkeeper Dgen Leo. His shot rebounded of Vanuatu captain Brian Kaltack and into the net.

“I think I deserve that goal to be honest. I think Brian’s done well to get back to the goal line and I just hit it too hard,” Mata says.

A few minutes later Kosta Barbarouses thought he had brought the scoreline to three for New Zealand, but the assistant referee had his flag up signalling for offside, which the New Zealand players didn’t understand anything of.

New Zealand’s Kosta Barbarouses celebrates as his goal is called offside. (Photo: OFC via Phototek)

Mata had another couple of good chances before half time, including hitting the cross bar from short distance, but neither team could not find the back of the net again in the first half.

New Zealand controlled the game after the break as well and just after the hour mark Elijah Just got a goal of his own. Vanuatu failed to clear a ball and Just’s shot from outside the box bounced awkwardly over keeper Leo and into the net.

Just was at it again with 13 minutes to play as his low cross found Ben Old, who slotted the ball into the back of the net for NZ’s fourth goal.

In the end New Zealand cruised in to a comfortable win.

Just was named the man of the match after the final whistle.

“Vanuatu are a good side, with some tricky players. We managed it well and deserved the win,” Just says.

Player of the match New Zealand’s Elijah Just. (Photo: OFC via Phototek)

Now the NZ side have some time off before the semi finals next week.

“We’ll take some time to recover and maybe have a look around, the island is really beautiful, and check some of the sights out.”

His coach can’t guarantee that there’ll be any sightseeing though.

“We’ve got a few days now when we can have a rest. We’ll make sure the boys are rested enough to go for the semi finals,” Bazeley says.

Enter the text or HTML code here

About Author
Ola Bjerkevoll

A passion for everything football and especially in Oceania. Owner of Football in Oceania.

See author's posts

Share this article:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Tags: New Zealand, News, Oceania, OFC Nations Cup, Vanuatu
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Featured on
International Football News 24/7

 

Follow Football in Oceania on Twitter
Follow Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Football in Oceania RSS

 RSS - Posts

Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Categories
American Samoa (29)
Beach Soccer (9)
Cook Islands (50)
Exclusive Features (5)
Exclusive Interviews (22)
Federated States of Micronesia (1)
FIFA Club World Cup (7)
FIFA Women's World Cup (8)
Fiji (72)
Futsal (10)
Kiribati (16)
Marshall Islands (6)
Nauru (5)
New Caledonia (47)
New Zealand (76)
Niue (4)
Non-FIFA (12)
Oceania (53)
OFC Champions League (45)
OFC Futsal Champions League (2)
OFC Nations Cup (4)
OFC U-16 Women's Championship (1)
OFC U16 Championship (4)
OFC U19 Championship (2)
OFC Women's Champions League (3)
OFC Women's Nations Cup (24)
OFC World Cup Qualifiers (28)
Olympic football (1)
Olympic Qualifiers (7)
Opinion (9)
Outside Oceania (6)
Pacific Games (18)
Palau (2)
Papua New Guinea (72)
Podcast (5)
Press Release (8)
Samoa (49)
Solomon Islands (79)
Tahiti (56)
Tonga (41)
Tuvalu (17)
U-17 World Cup (6)
U-20 World Cup (4)
Vanuatu (53)
Wallis & Futuna (1)
Women's Football (46)
You may have missed
Auckland City legend recalls Magic of Morocco
Krishna out for season with serious injury
Auckland set to play giants
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
Nations in Oceania Oceania Events Calendar National Leagues in Oceania The Podcast About Contact
FB
 
Twitter
Copyright Football in Oceania © All rights reserved. CoverNews by AF themes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballoceania.com/2024/06/21/live-who-takes-top-spot-in-group-a/ 
 ----- 
