Skip to main content
Home
Breeze TV
News
Culture
Sports
Opinion
Photos
Subscribe
Classifieds
Site search
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
LOG IN
SUBSCRIBE
Analysis | A look back on JMU men’s basketball’s historic season
Jovan McSellers | contributing writer March 28, 2024 
Comments
Facebook
Twitter
Email

Sophomore guard Xavier Brown stepped up offensively in the Sun Belt Championship game, registering a double-double.

Grace Sawyer | The Breeze
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

JMU men’s basketball ended its historic 32-4 season with a loss against Duke in the second round of the NCAA Tournament on Sunday. Before that game, the Dukes won an NCAA-best 14 consecutive games — the second time they hit that mark during the season. 

Redshirt junior guard Terrence Edwards Jr., redshirt senior guard Noah Freidel and redshirt senior forward Julien Wooden had standout send-off seasons, improving their chemistry established after playing together for two years. Edwards took a step as a leader, averaging a team-high 17 points on top of 3.4 assists, which were both the best of his career.

After winning Sun Belt Player of the Year, Edwards entered his name into the transfer portal on Tuesday in his last year of eligibility while also declaring for the NBA Draft. 

Freidel improved not only his scoring, rebounding and facilitating, but he also recorded 22 more blocks than last season. His defensive prowess on the perimeter and ability to contest shots was a big reason why JMU held opponents to the seventh-worst 3-point field goal percentage in the nation. While Freidel’s impact may not always show up on the box score, his teammates felt it.

“The first night when the season opened, we just came out, set the tone how we did against Michigan State,” Edwards said after JMU’s victory over Wisconsin on Friday. “I guess the same thing happened — Noah came out and hit the first 3, and it was gone after that, and tonight, Noah came out and hit the first 3, and it was the same exact thing.” 

In his fifth season with the Dukes, Wooden averaged a career-high 9.9 points a game while having a career-high 21 blocks and 37 steals this season. The 6-foot-8 forward’s versatility and ball-handling allowed guards to play off him, giving defenses fits when guarding the Dukes. 

After spending two seasons at Drexel and Boston College respectively, graduate forward T.J. Bickerstaff came in and made an immediate impact, winning Sun Belt Newcomer of the Year. In his first season with JMU, Bickerstaff recorded 13.9 points and 8.4 rebounds a game while shooting 63% from the field. He was a presence in the paint on both sides of the court and racked up 39 steals. Against Wisconsin, Bickerstaff scored 12 points and grabbed nine rebounds, just shy from what would’ve been his 12th double-double of the season.

While the veterans had great seasons, several younger players stood out and made large strides contributing to the team’s success. Two of those standouts include sophomore guard Xavier Brown and freshman forward Jaylen Carey; both of whom entered the transfer portal in the days after JMU’s season-ending loss to Duke. 

Coming into his second season with the program, Brown was known for his two-way ability, especially on the defensive end. While playing 9.7 minutes per game in his freshman campaign, he still recorded 15 steals and two blocks despite limited action. 

Brown showcased his two-way ability in the Sun Belt Championship game against Arkansas State when the guard scored a team-high 21 points and recorded 10 rebounds while hitting a career-high five 3-pointers. On top of that performance, he only turned the ball over 27 times in 36 games while registering 73 assists. 

Like Brown, Carey played a pivotal role in the biggest games. In around 15 minutes per game, he averaged seven points and four rebounds while shooting nearly 67% from the field. In the Sun Belt Championship game, the 18-year-old scored 13 points in 15 minutes while also recording three rebounds and one steal in the process. He had a defensive presence in the paint and spaced the floor when needed. He attributed on-court success to his veteran teammates.

“They’re always giving me pointers and keys,” Carey said at media day in February. “Especially on the defensive end with Noah and T.J. helping me a lot, so I really just thank them a lot. They really keep me better every day from start to finish.” 

This season, the Dukes quieted doubters from Game 1 to Game 36. Improved team chemistry both on and off the court improved the Dukes individually and collectively and embraced the underdog mentality. 

“We love each other,” Edwards said. “It’s like a brotherhood. Even when the transfers came in, we took the Italy trip [and] all got closer. When we came back, it was like, we could wait to go home. Nobody even went home, like, most of the people just stayed and got in the gym.” 

From coaching, game planning and execution, the 2023-24 Dukes are the best team in the school’s history record-wise. Before head coach Mark Byington came to JMU, the Dukes had four straight losing seasons. Now, with his JMU career ending as he’s leaving to take the same position at Vanderbilt, Byington concludes his time leading the Dukes with an 82-36 record, setting his players up for a promising direction from here. 

Regardless of what happens in the future, there’s no doubt that last year’s team changed the culture of JMU men's basketball.

Contact Jovan McSellers at mcselljm@dukes.jmu.edu. For more men’s basketball coverage, follow the sports desk on X @TheBreezeSports.

 

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
BREEZE TV
"It was an absolute honor," JMU Men's basketball reflects on historic season
Kayla Brown | Breeze TV
March 25, 2024
Comments
Potential head coach options for JMU after Byington's departure

After four seasons as head coach of JMU men's basketball Mark Byington is leaving to go to Vanderbilt for the same position. 
With the Dukes recent success, including a win in the NCAA Tournament, they're in a better position to hire a coach than four years ago. 
 Candidates include Russel Turner (UC Irvine), Robert Jones (Norfolk State) and more. 

HC Byington leaving for same position at Vanderbilt, JMU confirms

JMU men’s basketball head coach Mark Byington finalized a deal to become the next head coach at Vanderbilt, ESPN reported Monday afternoon. The Dukes fell to Duke 93-55 in the second round of the NCAA Tournament on Sunday night, finishing the season 32-4 (15-3 Sun Belt). 

 

JMU men’s basketball eliminated by Duke in NCAA Tournament 93-55

JMU men's basketball season ended in a loss to Duke in the Round of 32 in the NCAA Tournament on Sunday. The Dukes finish their season 32-4 (15-3 Sun Belt).

Morehead St. HC Preston Spradlin to replace Byington, JMU announces

JMU hired former Morehead State men’s basketball head coach Preston Spradlin for the same position. Spradlin has been the head coach at Morehead State for the past eight seasons. 

“Wild journey” leads Preston Spradlin to be JMU men's basketball coach

After graduating from Alice Lloyd College, new JMU men's basketball head coach Preston Spradlin became a graduate assistant at Kentucky under John Calipari. Spradlin's "wild journey" led him to Morehead State where he turned the program from an eight-win team to a two-time NCAA Tournament bid program. 

Meet JMU men's basketball's 11 transfers

After a record-setting 2023-24 season, JMU men's basketball is entering a new era with first-year head coach Preston Spradlin. Take a brief look in'to the Dukes ten newest additions. 

Tags
Jmu Basketball 2023-24 Jmu Basketball Schedule 2023-24 Jmu Basketball Roster 2023-24 Jmu Men’s Basketball Schedule 2023-24 Jmu Men’s Basketball Roster 2023-24 Mark Byington Jmu Noah Freidel Jmu Jmu Men’s Basketball Next Game Who Does Jmu Men’s Basketball Play Next Where Can I Get Jmu Men’s Basketball Tickets Jmu Michigan State Jmu Michigan State 2024 Will Jmu Go To The Ncaa Tournament Can Jmu Men’s Basketball Win The Sun Belt Sun Belt Men’s Basketball Standings Who’s The Best Player On Jmu Men’s Basketball Jmu Men’s Basketball Stats 2023-24 Jmu Men’s Basketball Box Scores 2023-24 Jmu Men’s Basketball Record 2023-24 Justin Amadi Jmu Jmu Men’s Basketball Starting Lineup Does Jmu Men’s Basketball Play Tonight Where Can I Watch Jmu Men’s Basketball Jmu Men’s Basketball Espn+ Jmu Starting 5 Tonight Tj Bickerstaff Noah Freidel Raekwon Horton Terrence Edwards Jr Michael Green Iii Jaylen Carey Jarrell Pope Hollman Smith Xavier Brown Julien Wooden Who Will Be Jmu's Basketball Coach? Who Is Transferring From Jmu? Jmu Culture Vanderbilt Will Jmu Be Good Next Year? Best Jmu Basketball Team Of All-time Best Player In Jmu History? Best Season For Jmu Basketball? Is Jmu In March Madness? Sports Basketball Music Games And Toys Armed Forces
The Quad: News Updates from The Breeze

The latest JMU news, delivered to your inbox on Mondays and Thursdays.

	
SIGN UP
MANAGE YOUR LISTS
Around the Web
Doctors Stunned: This Removes Wrinkles Like Crazy!
Who Has the Cheapest Auto Insurance in District of Columbia (Check Zip Code)
Washington: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $150/month - Take a Look Inside!
Heidi Klum's Daughter Looks Like Her Iconic Dad
Hepatitis C is Silent but Deadly - Click Here to Read Symptoms
The Horde of Parasites Will Fly out Like a Bullet in the Morning. Try It
Dermatologist Tells How to Defeat Nail Fungus in 3 Days
MOST POPULAR
JMU lands eight transfers on the weekend before Christmas
JMU football 2024 transfer portal tracker
JMU football’s Eric O’Neill enters portal following bowl victory
Miidseason QB changes take USC, Texas A&M into Las Vegas Bowl
Navy aims for rare 10th win in Armed Forces Bowl vs. Oklahoma
LOCAL WEATHER

Currently in Harrisonburg

59° 
Cloudy
61° / 47°
6 PM
58°
7 PM
58°
8 PM
57°
9 PM
56°
10 PM
54°
NEWSLETTERS
The Quad: News Updates from The Breeze

The latest JMU news, delivered to your inbox on Mondays and Thursdays.

	
SIGNUP
MANAGE LISTS
SECTIONS
Home
News
Opinion
Culture
Sports
Photos
Breeze TV
Local Events
SERVICES
Advertise
About Us
Contact Us
How to Get Involved
Delivery
Place A Classifieds Ad
Promote Your Event
Contributor Policies/Registration
CONTACT INFORMATION
breezejmu.org
1598 S. Main St., MSC 6805
Harrisonburg, VA 22807
Phone: 540-568-6127
Email: breezeeditor@gmail.com

Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
© Copyright 2024 The Breeze 1598 S. Main St., MSC 6805, Harrisonburg, VA  | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.breezejmu.org/sports/analysis-a-look-back-on-jmu-men-s-basketball-s-historic-season/article_3049b794-ed2a-11ee-8cb7-af2f441a8208.html 
 ----- 
