Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
CJ McCollum's Honest Statement After Career Night vs Wizards
New Orleans Pelicans star CJ McCollum spoke after his 50-point game.
Terry Kimble | Jan 4, 2025
Jan 3, 2025; New Orleans, Louisiana, USA; New Orleans Pelicans guard CJ McCollum (3) reacts to scoring his 50th point against the Washington Wizards during the second half at Smoothie King Center. Mandatory Credit: Stephen Lew-Imagn Images / Stephen Lew-Imagn Images
In this story:
New Orleans Pelicans
Washington Wizards

The New Orleans Pelicans finally ended their 11-game losing streak with a 132-120 victory over the Washington Wizards. Pelicans guard CJ McCollum tied a career-high with 50 points in just 30 minutes of play, tying an NBA record for 50 or more points and 10+ three-pointers in less than 35 minutes, joining Steph Curry and Klay Thompson to accomplish that.

McCollum thought he broke the record with a three-pointer late in the fourth quarter, but officials replayed and only awarded the veteran a two, leaving him a point shy of setting the record. After the game, McCollum reflected on his career night with the media and what it took to get the Pelicans the victory.

Jan 3, 2025; New Orleans, Louisiana, USA; New Orleans Pelicans guard CJ McCollum (3) shoots against Washington Wizards forward Kyle Kuzma (33) during the second half at Smoothie King Center. / Stephen Lew-Imagn Images

"It's great to score 50 and hit three-pointers, but I work so hard and sacrifice so much time," McCollum said. "I go to the gym at night......I miss alot of time from my family putting time into the game. When you have success, you feel it's not all for not."

The 33-year-old admitted this season is not how he expected it to go, but he still approaches every game the right way.

McCollum was traded to New Orleans from the Portland Trail Blazers during the 2022 season, and the Pelicans hoped his pairing with Brandon Ingram and Zion Williamson would propel them into contention in the Western Conference. Instead, constant injuries to Ingram and Williamson have kept New Orleans at the bottom of the standings. McCollum still vowed for his play to reflect the correct leadership needed for the young Pelicans' team.

New Orleans travels to Washington to play the Wizards on Sunday evening.

Related Articles

Zion Williamson Gets Brutally Honest After Blowout Loss to Warriors

New Orleans Pelicans Make Roster Move After Loss to Warriors

Brandon Ingram's Honest Statement on Pelicans' Loss to Warriors

Published Jan 4, 2025
TERRY KIMBLE

Pelicans Scoop Writer

Follow nolasportsshow

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/pelicans/news/cj-mccollum-s-honest-statement-after-career-night-vs-wizards-01jgqtntfms4 
 ----- 
