SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Schedule
News
Watch
Standings
MLS Season Pass
Tickets
Store
Español
Matchday
USMNT survive Jamaica to reach Concacaf Nations League final
Dylan Butler

Friday, Mar 22, 2024, 01:55 AM

The US men’s national team survived a scare to clinch a berth in the Concacaf Nations League Final on Sunday, rallying to knock off Jamaica, 3-1, in extra time in Thursday's semifinal at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas.

The USMNT, who needed an own-goal equalizer in the closing seconds of regulation to force extra time, will meet Mexico in Sunday’s final.

The winner came off the left foot of Haji Wright, who was played through sublimely by Gio Reyna. The Coventry City striker, who came on as a second-half substitute, made no mistake with his clinical finish in the 96th minute.

Wright added his second goal, a spinning insurance marker in the 109th minute, to secure the USMNT's passage into the final.

It was a strong end, but an inauspicious start for the US, trailing inside of the opening minute after Gregory Leigh snuck in at the back post and headed in Bobby Decordova-Reid’s looping cross after a Jamaica throw-in deflected off Fulham teammate Antonee Robinson.

The Reggae Boyz nearly found the dagger just after the hour mark when Renaldo Cephas snuck behind the USMNT backline, but his attempt from the top of the 18-yard box resulted in a routine save for Matt Turner.

After being wasteful of numerous chances in the second half, the Yanks leveled at the death when Miles Robinson’s glancing header off a Christian Pulisic corner kick deflected off Cory Burke and behind Andre Blake for an own goal. That set up 30 minutes of extra time, where Wright found the winner, and added another to finally put Jamaica away.

Goals 
1’ - JAM - Gregory Leigh | WATCH 
90+6’ - USA - Cory Burke (own goal) | WATCH
96' - USA - Haji Wright | WATCH 
109' - USA - Haji Wright | WATCH
Three Things
THE BIG PICTURE: The sporting slogan in the month of March is survive and advance, and that’s just what the USMNT did. The Yanks were sloppy defensively, fortunate not to concede a second goal in regulation and were wasteful in the attacking third. Yet, they survive and move on with the chance to win a third straight Nations League title on Sunday.
MOMENT OF THE MATCH: Wright doesn’t get a chance to score a brace if not for an own-goal equalizer, the latest leveling goal for the USMNT since Ricardo Clark’s 97th-minute winner against Venezuela in 2012, per Opta.
MAN OF THE MATCH: Wright didn’t make the initial roster, but certainly made the most of his inclusion with his extra-time heroics.
Next Up
JAM: Sunday, March 24 vs. Panama (6 pm ET | Paramount+, UniMás) | Concacaf Nations League Third Place Match
USA: Sunday, March 24 vs. Mexico (9:15 pm ET | Paramount+, UniMás) | Concacaf Nations League Final
Dylan Butler -
@Dylan_Butler
CONCACAF NATIONS LEAGUE
US MEN'S NATIONAL TEAM
MATCHDAY
Related Stories
Holiday shopping: What every MLS team needs this winter
Atlanta United name Ronny Deila head coach
MLS Mock SuperDraft 2025: Predicting who teams pick in Round 1
More News
Transfer Tracker
FC Dallas acquire Shaq Moore from Nashville SC
Transfer Tracker
San Diego FC sign goalkeeper Pablo Sisniega
National Writer: Charles Boehm
Messi, Cavan & more: 10 biggest MLS moments of 2024
Transfer Tracker
Chicago Fire, Gastón Giménez mutually terminate contract
Transfer Tracker
LAFC re-sign defender Marlon
Video
2:13
WATCH: Wackiest moments from the 2024 MLS season
2:53
WATCH: Best goal celebrations from the 2024 MLS season
6:12
WATCH: Wildest endings from the 2024 MLS season
1:29
WATCH: Best tifos from the 2024 MLS season
About MLS
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Resources
Store
League Reports
Club Sites
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlssoccer.com/news/usmnt-survive-jamaica-to-book-concacaf-nations-league-final-berth 
 ----- 
