Music
Sports
Shows
Cities
Home
/
Sports Tickets
/
Soccer
/
CONCACAF Nations League Tickets
CONCACAF Nations League Tickets

Mar 20

Thu

11:59pm

SoFi Stadium

Inglewood, CA

CONCACAF Nations League Final

ZERO Fees, Now Only!

From $89.10

Find Tickets

Mar 23

Sun

11:59pm

SoFi Stadium

Inglewood, CA

CONCACAF Nations League Final

ZERO Fees, Now Only!

From $80.30

Find Tickets

Dates: March 21-24, 2024

Venues: AT&T Stadium (capacity 80,000-105,000) - Arlington, Texas

Past CONCACAF Nations League Winners: USA (2019-20), USA (2022-23)

The CONCACAF Nations League is a continental soccer tournament contested by countries from North American, Central America, and the Caribbean over two-year periods. This tournament, inspired by the relative success of the UEFA Nations League in Europe, was designed to replace international friendly matches with something a bit more meaningful, as well as the chance for teams to play other teams of around the same level. For this reason, there are three tiers within the league (A, B, C) with stronger teams such as the US, Mexico, Costa Rica, Jamaica, Canada, Honduras, and Panama in Tier A. To keep things fair, there is a system of promotion and relegation, giving nations the chance to rise up (or tumble down) the tiers as they improve (or fall apart!). The CONCACAF Nations League consists of a group stage followed by Quarterfinals, Semifinals, and a Final (as well as a third place play-off that no one wants to be in). For the 2023-24 CONCACAF Nations League, the Quarterfinals were played last year (2023) with the Semifinals and Final forthcoming in 2024. To add extra stakes to the competition, reaching the Semifinals in 2023-24 also earns the team a spot at the vaunted 2024 Copa America, which will be held in the USA this summer, with the chance to play against teams like Brazil and Lionel Messi’s Argentina. 

Read more about CONCACAF Nations League in our article: "CONCACAF Nations League 2024: Kick it like Davies" on TicketX Magazine.

How can I get cheap tickets to 2024 CONCACAF Nations League games?

International soccer matches like those in the CONCACAF Nations League are some of the most popular events in the world, with national pride and a place in soccer history on the line! Attending an international soccer match can be an unforgettable experience, but their popularity means that tickets often sell out well in advance. For your best chance at finding the cheapest tickets to 2024 CONCACAF Nations League games, search the TicketX listings on this page and use our handy TicketX seating chart to compare prices and seat locations. Tickets can be purchased from TicketX with a single click for the lowest commission fees! 

When are the upcoming 2024 CONCACAF Nations League games happening? Where are the upcoming 2024 CONCACAF Nations League games taking place?

There are just 4 games left in the 2024 CONCACAF Nations League: the Semifinals, the Third Place Play-off, and the Final. Here is the schedule for the remaining Nations League games:

Mar 21, 2024 - Semifinals

Match 1: United States vs. Jamaica @ AT&T Stadium (Arlington, Texas)

Match 2: Panama vs. Mexico @ AT&T Stadium (Arlington, Texas)

Mar 24, 2024 - Finals

Third Place Play-off - Loser M1 (Jamaica) vs. Loser M2 (Panama) @ AT&T Stadium (Arlington, Texas)

Nations League Final - Winner M1 (United States) vs. Winner M2 (Mexico) @ AT&T Stadium (Arlington, Texas)


All 4 games are set to be played at massive, state of the art AT&T Stadium, home of the NFL’s Dallas Cowboys. 

Is the US Men’s National Team (USMNT) playing in the 2024 CONCACAF Nations League?

Yes! The U.S. Men's National Soccer Team will be gunning for a third straight CONCACAF Nations League title in 2024, but face a talented Jamaica in the Semifinals. If they win, their old nemesis Mexico may be waiting for them in the Final (if Mexico beats Panama). If you want tickets to the games involving the US, get on TicketX immediately as they will no doubt be selling out fast! 

Is the Mexican National Team playing in the 2024 CONCACAF Nations League?

Yes! The Mexico National Soccer Team will be determined to win their first CONCACAF Nations League title in 2024, especially after losing to their arch-nemesis the US in both the 2020 and 2023 tournaments. If you want tickets to the games involving Mexico, get on TicketX immediately, as Mexico games held in America almost always sell out! 

Are CONCACAF Nations League games exciting?

Paint your face in your national team colors. Sing your anthem. Wave your flag. There is nothing quite like the excitement of watching an international soccer match, particularly at the sharp end of a tournament like the 2024 CONCACAF Nations League. The atmosphere should be electric. Don’t miss out!

Subscribe now for exclusive deals on the hottest event tickets and amazing discount coupons!

Subscribe

By subscribing, you are agreeing to our terms of use and acknowledging our privacy policy.

Music
Sports
Shows
Sell on TicketX

Company

About Us
Help & Support
TicketX Magazine

Our Commitment

Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Additional Terms for Sellers
California Privacy Notice

Social

X
Facebook
Instagram

© Ticket-X 2024
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://ticketx.com/concacaf-nations-league-tickets 
 ----- 
