Skip to content
Subscribe Now
16°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSNBADENVER NUGGETSNews
Michael Porter Jr. and the Nuggets are past their slow 3-point shooting start. Will they seek more attempts next?
“If those couple of games at the beginning came in January, I don’t think anyone would have been too alarmed,” Michael Porter Jr. said of his inefficient first weekend of the NBA season. “So I didn’t really care.”
Denver Nuggets forward Michael Porter Jr., right, drives past Utah Jazz forward Cody Williams in the first half of an NBA basketball game Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
By BENNETT DURANDO | bdurando@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: November 3, 2024 at 2:52 PM MST

Nikola Jokic did his best Michael Porter Jr. impression so that both could finally rest.

Jokic was averaging 39.2 minutes, almost five more per game than his previous season average. Porter was averaging 37.8 minutes, six more than his. They’ve been Denver’s two workhorses on a depth-deprived roster. With Jamal Murray in concussion protocol for the second leg of a back-to-back Saturday night, the onus was on them even more.

The Nuggets only led 81-68 with five minutes remaining in the third quarter against a winless Utah Jazz team — not enough of a cushion for the starters to clock out early. Then in a matter of three minutes, Jokic buried three 3-pointers from three different locations: the top of the key, the wing and the corner.

“That was lovely,” Porter said, smiling, after watching the entire fourth quarter of Denver’s 129-103 win from the bench.

The Nuggets have been roundly scrutinized, internally and externally, for their 3-point shooting options early in the new season. Jokic himself declared them “not a good shooting team” after just one game, a 7-for-39 performance on opening day at Ball Arena. He labeled Porter and Murray as the only two consistently reliable threats from deep. Both had an inefficient first weekend.

“If those couple of games at the beginning came in January, I don’t think anyone would have been too alarmed,” Porter said Saturday at Ball Arena. “So I didn’t really care.”

The Nuggets’ 3-point weaponry hasn’t been as dire as it seemed that night against the Thunder when their volume of attempts was high but their efficiency was atrocious. Since then, the team’s numbers have unfolded more accordingly with its past trend: low volume, high efficiency. Denver is 43.2% from outside excluding the opener, but on just 29.2 attempts in those five games. Overall, the Nuggets rank second-to-last in attempts ahead of the Lakers.

“With our personnel, I think I should be aiming to get six to eight, sometimes nine 3s up,” Porter said Saturday. “I think Jamal will have to take a few more. I think Nikola being willing to just let it fly sometimes will be big for us. And then Julian shooting off the bench. Just because teams are shooting more and more 3s, we’ve gotta try to shoot more, I think.”

Porter’s season clip is only 37.5% so far, but he’s 50% since the Nuggets left Denver for their first road trip. His average attempts are at 6.7, firmly within the range of his stated goal.

But Jokic has ironically been the main perimeter revelation since his opening-night comment. He is 16 for 27 on the season (59.3%), a stat that elicited a “really?” from Porter. The Nuggets even tried an after-timeout play call in Toronto that was designed to get Jokic an open 3-point look — a clear reaction to his career-high seven 3s the previous game.

His barrage late in the third quarter Saturday was essential beyond the box score. After four consecutive games that came down to the final minute and two that required overtime, Denver’s starting lineup needs every breather it can get. Jokic saved himself, Porter and Aaron Gordon at least five or six extra minutes of playing time. He accomplished it by burying jumpers everywhere, in every way: spotting up or pulling up.

“You’ve gotta think, it’s not a 6-foot-3 guy closing out on him either,” Julian Strawther said. “It’s a 7-footer with a 7-5 wingspan every time. That’s just who (Jokic) is. Everybody in the world knows how amazing he is, and he still finds a way to shock everybody every night.”

Strawther is not as concerned with the team’s overall volume. In fact, the 22-year-old has been intentional about not overdoing it early in the season despite having been the second unit’s only efficient scorer (47.1% from three after a 3-for-6 night against Utah).

“I feel like there’s also just a balance for myself, just trying to find the right shots and not force anything. I could easily go out there and get up seven, eight, nine 3s a night,” Strawther said. “And they’d probably be a bunch of ill-advised shots. And I thought that’s something I did even my rookie year: Take a bunch of ill-advised shots. Like I keep telling y’all, my main point of emphasis is just to continue to stay efficient. And just be a guy that is known for staying efficient. … Our volume isn’t necessarily something that we’re just gonna go out there and chuck a bunch of shots.”

Jokic’s outlandish efficiency is certain to regress even if he stays relatively hot. Any 60% clip is naturally an anomaly — in the same way the Nuggets’ season-opening stat line seemed to be one big anomaly. Still, it’s encouraging that Denver has four 3-point shooters exceeding 40%, and even more so that none of them are Porter or Murray.

Christian Braun has improved to 42.1% on low attempts. And Gordon is punishing scouting reports for daring him to chuck. He torched Minnesota for 31 points Friday, helping him to a 55% season clip beyond the arc.

The power forward doesn’t even have a specific number of reps or makes that he aims for when he begins a shooting workout. “I just shoot way too much,” he told The Post this week. “It’s just however I’m feeling.”

RELATED ARTICLES
Russell Westbrook on playing through wildfires back home in Los Angeles: “It’s hard for me to sleep”
Nuggets trounce Clippers without Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon thanks to variety of contributors
Ty Lue on Los Angeles wildfires as Kawhi Leonard steps away from Clippers: “Definitely have to take care of home”
Celtics take down Jokic-less Nuggets 118-106
Nuggets’ Nikola Jokic out against Celtics due to illness

That seems to be the Nuggets’ general approach to their number of attempts any given game. In Toronto, they ended up taking only 20 en route to a win. In Minnesota, they crushed the Timberwolves in the paint early in the game, but it didn’t matter because the Wolves kept up entirely from 3-point range.

“I don’t think we can get that number (of attempts) up,” Michael Malone acknowledged. But the 10th-year coach has also been well aware of opponents sagging off several of his perimeter players.

“Getting more makes,” Malone said, “is more of a priority for me.”

Originally Published: November 3, 2024 at 8:11 AM MST
Around the Web
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Health Trition
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
If Your Dog Does This, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Look for Any High School Yearbook, It's Free!
Classmates
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Las Vegas: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Mystified!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
Dog Kept on Growling at the Wall Until Dad Notices the Smell and Tears It Down
beachraider
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Early Signs of Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria You Might Not Know About
Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
Moerie
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
Uncovering the Shocking Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency!
Immunodeficiency Treatment
Top 15 Most Unhealthy Breakfasts You Should Never Eat
HEALTH NATURAL
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Forget Glasses: Natural Method Fix Blurry Vision Fast
WellnessGaze Vision
10 Foods You Cannot Eat When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Las Vegas: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Las Vegas: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
Arthritis or Joint Pain? Do This Immediately (Watch Results in 4 Days)
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
Las Vegas: Almost Priceless Container Homes at Stunning Prices - Explore Here!
Shipping Container Homes
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
Surgeon: Anyone Suffering From Nerve Pain & Neuropathy, Stop Doing This Now
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Vertigo: Do This to Relieve Dizziness (At Home)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
27 Breeds So Loyal Vets Call Them "Velcro Dogs"
Definition
Urologist: Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Prostate
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Blood Sugar Above 100? Try This Tonight
WellnessGaze Diabetes
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Surprise You
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Dermatologist Begs Americans to "Fill In" Wrinkles With This Tip (Every Morning)
WellnessGaze Skin
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Rare Krugerrand gold coin found in Salvation Army red kettle
Teenage girl killed in Aurora home invasion ID’d, death still under investigation
Colorado snow totals for Jan. 9, 2025
Why did federal agents seize — and then return — $5 million worth of switchblades from a Colorado man?
DPS board members express frustration after John Youngquist accused them of violating open meetings law
Broncos scouting report: How Denver matches up with Bills and predictions
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Free Land Holders file rambling response to lawsuit seeking to bar group from seizing public lands in Colorado
Longhorns missing from National Western Stock Show parade because of icy roads
Colorado road conditions: I-70 reopens east of DIA to Burlington
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN DENVER NUGGETS
Russell Westbrook on playing through wildfires back home in Los Angeles: “It’s hard for me to sleep”
Nuggets trounce Clippers without Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon thanks to variety of contributors
Ty Lue on Los Angeles wildfires as Kawhi Leonard steps away from Clippers: “Definitely have to take care of home”
Calvin Booth, Kroenkes give Michael Malone custom “433” jersey commemorating Nuggets franchise wins record
2024
November
3
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/11/03/michael-porter-jr-3-pointers-nuggets-shooting/ 
 ----- 
