Skip to main content
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
YouTube
 
TikTok
 
Instagram
 
iOS App
 
Android App
Site search
Subscribe
My Account
Login
News
Sports
Politics
Outdoors
Arts & Entertainment
Life
Opinion
Video & Photo
U.S. & World
About The Denver Gazette
Obits
Local News 
Denver News
Aurora News
Colorado News
Crime & Courts
Environment
Wildfires
Weather
Colorado Watch Investigation
Transportation
Health
Coronavirus
Marijuana
Military
Obits
Submit a news tip
Sports 
Betting
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Colorado Rockies
CSU Rams
CU Buffs
Denver Broncos
Denver Nuggets
DU Pioneers
Golf
Olympics
Mark Kiszla
Paul Klee
Woody Paige
OutThere Colorado Politics 
Government
Elections
State Politics
National Politics
Business 
Sponsored Content
Contributor Content
Education Outdoors 
Whiteout
Skiing and Snowboarding
Colorado Trails
Trail Trax
Colorado State Parks
Colorful Colorado
Craving Colorado
Opinion 
Columns
Editorials
Send us a letter
US & World 
U.S. & World News
National Politics
Photo/Video 
News Photos
Sports Photos
Life Photos
Videos
Instagram
TikTok
Things To Do
Arts & Entertainment
Lifestyle
Arts & Culture
Comics
Horoscopes
Puzzles
Food, Dining & Beer
Music
Trey Alexander denies calling shot on Instagram before scoring first NBA points for Nuggets
Nuggets' rookie Trey Alexander scored the first points of his NBA career in the final minutes of Saturday's win over the Utah Jazz.
Vinny Benedetto vinny.benedetto@gazette.com Nov 3, 2024 Updated Nov 4, 2024 

Denver Nuggets guard Trey Alexander (23) drives past Oklahoma City Thunder guard Isaiah Joe (11) in the second half of an NBA preseason basketball game Tuesday, Oct. 15, 2024, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)

David Zalubowski
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link

Trey Alexander claims he didn’t call his shot, but social media tells another story.

Hours before scoring the first points of his NBA career, the Nuggets’ rookie out of Creighton guard took to Instagram, posting a photo of himself from Denver’s season opener when the entire roster was introduced prior to the game.

Alexander added an audio clip of rapper Rod Wave’s song “Get Ready,” to the post.

“It took a whole lot of blood and sweat, tears

I don't owe anybody anything, get that clear

A lot of sleepless nights and a whole lot of grinding

Was gon' say it took forever, but it's perfect timing”

 Dissecting Denver Nuggets' different approach to NBA's 3-point frenzy

That happened to be the case for Alexander.

After Jamal Murray sustained a concussion in Friday’s game and was unavailable for Saturday’s game, Alexander’s wait got a little shorter. Russell Westbrook moved into the starting lineup, and Christian Braun and Julian Strawther split most of the minutes that Westbrook rested. But with the win secured in the final minutes, Alexander got the most extensive playing time of his six-game pro career.

Aaron Gordon offered some advice before the rookie checked in, telling him that NBA players go off of rhythm. Gordon stressed the importance of Alexander’s first shot being a quality look and getting into the flow of the game from there.

“That’s kind of what happened. The first look felt good to me,” Alexander said in the postgame locker room. “Then after that, the game was just kind of in rhythm after that.”

Alexander’s first shot, a step-in 3-pointer, was a good look but a touch long. His second look, a step back jumper from 17 feet away was also off the mark. The breakthrough came in the final minute. The Nuggets ran a dribble handoff between Zeke Nnaji and Alexander on the left wing. A couple of dribbles got Alexander into the lane and he swished a floater for the first points of his career and the final points of Denver’s 129-103 win.

“It’s just a super-cool moment,” second-year wing Julian Strawther said. “I’ve been there not too long ago. I know how exciting it is. Just being able to have the game ball at the crib is one of the cooler things in the league.”

Nikola Jokic made sure to secure the game ball, and Nuggets coach Michael Malone presented the ball to Alexander in the post-game locker room.

“They can’t take it away from you, man,” Malone said in a video shared on social media. “Congratulations.”

 Nuggets vs. Timberwolves: 3 takeaways from Denver's loss in rematch of last season's playoffs

Alexander said he appreciated Jokic’s selfless gesture. He’s keeping the trend going, sending the game ball to his family’s home in Oklahoma where it can be proudly displayed.

Sign Up For Free: Mile High 5
Your daily report on everything sports in Colorado - covering the Denver Broncos, Denver Nuggets, Colorado Avalanche, and columns from Woody Paige and Paul Klee.

Sign Up
View all of our newsletters.

“I know my pops is going to be even more excited about it than I am,” Alexander said.

With Jamal Murray out at least one more game in the league’s concussion protocols, Alexander could get another opportunity Monday against Toronto. Even though Alexander claims he didn’t mean to call his shot, he’s got an easy way to remember the day he scored the first of what he hopes are many NBA buckets.

“You never know, bro. Anything can happen,” Alexander answered when asked if he knew he might get an opportunity to play later that night when he took to social media. “I really didn’t know, honestly, but I’m excited that it happened today. Obviously, the Instagram story was a good little foreshadowing.”

Injury Report

Denver

Jamal Murray - out - concussion protocol

Aaron Gordon - probable - right knee contusion/right calf inflammation

Vlatko Cancar - doubtful - right ankle sprain

PJ Hall - out - G League assignment

DaRon Holmes II - out - right Achilles tendon repair

Toronto

Scottie Barnes - out - right orbital fracture

Bruce Brown - out - right knee arthroscopic procedure

Kelly Olynyk - out - lumbar strain

Immanuel Quickley - doubtful -right pelvic contusion

D.J. Carton - out - G League assignment

Ulrich Chomche - out - G League assignment

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
MORE INFORMATION
Nikola Jokic's newest trick for Nuggets: incredible 3-point shooting | NBA Insider

Denver Gazette beat writer Vinny Benedetto takes you around the NBA and inside the Nuggets:

Tags
Trey Alexander Denver Nuggets Nba Basketball Creighton Bluejays Michael Malone Julian Strawther
Vinny Benedetto
Author email
Denver Gazette
Nuggets, Celtics buck trends in battle of previous two defending NBA champions
Sign Up For Free: Mile High 5
Your daily report on everything sports in Colorado - covering the Denver Broncos, Denver Nuggets, Colorado Avalanche, and columns from Woody Paige and Paul Klee.

Sign Up
View all of our newsletters.
Sections
News
Sports
Opinion
Politics
U.S. & World
Outdoors
Obituaries
Contact
Services
Manage Cookies


Classifieds
Forms
Calendar
Weather
Transparency in Coverage
Statement of Principles
About Us
Subscriber-Only Content
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
YouTube
 
TikTok
 
Instagram
 
iOS App
 
Android App
Welcome Back.


My Account
Newsletters
Contact Us

Streak: 9 days i

Stories you've missed since your last login:

A story about dogs
A story about cats
A story about soccer

Stories you've saved for later:

A story about surfing
A story about kites

Recommended stories based on your interests:

Edit my interests 
A story about surfing
A story about kites
DenverGazette.com Gazette.com ColoradoPolitics.comOutThereColorado.com
© Copyright 2025 The Denver Gazette, 555 17th Street, Suite 425 Denver, CO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy  |  Your Privacy Choices
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://denvergazette.com/sports/denver-nuggets/trey-alexander-scores-first-nba-points-for-nuggets/article_81dd9f16-9a19-11ef-84c7-ab8fe6189e1c.html 
 ----- 
