Report ad
Deseret NewsDeseret MagazineChurch News
Print Subscriptions
Latest
Politics
Utah 
Sports 
Opinion
Magazine
More 
GO
Report ad
UTAH JAZZ
SPORTS
Utah Jazz fall to 0-5 on the season as Victor Wembanyama has historic game
Wembanyama had his second career 5x5 game as injuries continue to plague Jazz.
Published: Oct 31, 2024, 11:03 p.m. MDT
VIEW 38 COMMENTS
SHARE
Utah Jazz center Walker Kessler (24) is dunked on by San Antonio Spurs center Victor Wembanyama (1) in Salt Lake City on Thursday, Oct. 31, 2024. Jeffrey D. Allred, Deseret News
By Sarah Todd
Sarah Todd covers the NBA and Utah Jazz for the Deseret News.

The Utah Jazz are still the only remaining team in the NBA that has not won a single game in the 2024-25 season after falling 106-88 to the San Antonio Spurs on Thursday night at the Delta Center.

The Jazz are now 0-5 on the season as the gear up for their first major road trip of the year, but as they ready for the road, the one thing that continues to hamper their ability to get into some kind of rhythm is the constant string of injuries.

In turn, those injuries are causing a domino effect of other problems.

Injuries

The Jazz were obviously rocked by the season-ending injury to Taylor Hendricks on Monday night in Dallas. Then, their best player, Lauri Markkanen, left Tuesday’s home game with lower back spasms, which kept him out of Thursday’s game and could keep him out more.

Additionally, during Thursday’s loss to the Spurs, Keyonte George left the game for a good chunk after rolling his ankle, though he eventually returned. Time will tell if that is going to be an issue going forward.

Also, Jordan Clarkson left the game and did not return because of heel pain that’s been bothering him for a few days, and as if that wasn’t already enough, Collin Sexton has been playing with an injured finger.

Every single one of the players mentioned above has a pretty prominent role in the Jazz’s rotation, which brings me to my next point.

1 of 24
Utah Jazz coach Will Hardy shouts at the ref in Salt Lake City on Thursday, Oct. 31, 2024. | Jeffrey D. Allred, Deseret News
New lineups = new issues

Hendricks began the season in the starting lineup and was going to be tasked with guarding the other team’s best player on most nights.

He also figured to be one of the Jazz’s young players that was poised for a big leap this season and was showing promise in the first couple of games. His absence leaves a huge hole for the team to fill.

It’s one thing to shift one player in a rotation, but when multiple starters and rotational players are going out, that means a lot more shifting has to happen, and that’s exactly where the Jazz are right now.

Over the last couple of games, the Jazz have been forced to play lineups and combinations of players that just weren’t playing together throughout training camp and the preseason.

Chemistry is incredibly important, especially with a group that is comprised of so many young players. Knowing one another’s tendencies and where each player likes the ball, how fast they run, when they’re likely to cut and all the other movements that basketball players make is not going to be learned over night.

It also should be noted that taking away the best player on the team has its own domino effect. Who steps up? Who is going to get more touches? Who needs to be more aggressive offensively? Who is going to calm the team down as the leader in chaotic moments?

These are all questions that are being answered on the fly right now.

This is all also creating some on-court issues that are just going to take some time to iron out. Spacing is a problem, some guys are playing multiple positions and are figuring out where they’re supposed to be from one lineup to the next, and as was evidenced in the Jazz’s loss to the Spurs, turnovers are a predictable byproduct of a lack of chemistry.

Wemby’s 5x5
38
Comments

On Wednesday night in a loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder Victor Wembanyama had one of his worst NBA games, so it was a pretty safe bet that he was going to want to bounce back in a big way on Thursday.

Well, he bounced back and then some, becoming just the third player in NBA history to record a second 5x5 game in his career. If you’re unfamiliar, a 5x5 is a game in which a player tallies at least ‘5′ in five different stat columns.

Wembanyama’s performance against the Jazz was just the 23rd time in NBA history in which a player has recorded a 5x5, and it was the second of his career.

He finished the night with 25 points, nine rebounds, seven assists, five blocks and five steals. The other two players who have recorded multiple 5x5 games are Hakeem Olajuwon (6) and Andrei Kirilenko (3).

Jazz Insiders

Get the inside scoop on your favorite team in this email for true Jazz fans.

SUBSCRIBE
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
Browse All Newsletters
You Might Also Like
Recommended by
Looking for comments?
Find comments in their new home! Click the buttons at the top or within the article to view them — or use the button below for quick access.
VIEW COMMENTS
Most Popular
Katie Ann Powell, a Utah native, wins award at Miss America pageant
The world's largest humanitarian crisis is now a genocide
Justin Trudeau resigned as Canadian prime minister. Here's how Trump responded
Photo gallery: Infernos in Southern California
Gov. Cox to join Trump at Mar-a-Lago dinner with other governors
5 takeaways from Trump press conference — including hostages held by Hamas, control of Panama Canal, NATO
34 players with Utah ties are headed to this year’s NFL playoffs. Are there more BYU or Utah players?
Houses of worship among the buildings destroyed by Los Angeles fires
Why does Donald Trump want Greenland?
Most Commented
495
What Trump promises to do on Day 1
406
Why is Trump talking about Greenland? Trump Jr. visits the island
186
Perspective: Child abuse is child abuse, no matter where it occurs
107
New billboards on I-15 highlight need for support against antisemitism
60
Latter-day Saint resources and volunteers mobilizing to aid southern California
COMPANY
About Us
Editorial Staff
Careers
REACH OUT
Contact Us
Technical Support
Advertise
Send Us a Tip
Do Not Sell My Info
GET MORE
Newsletters
Print Subscription
iOS App
Android App
Deseret News Marathon
CONNECT
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Copyright © 2025 Deseret News Publishing Company. All Rights Reserved
Terms of UsePrivacy NoticeCA Notice of CollectionCookie PolicyCookie Settings
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Cookie Settings Accept Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.deseret.com/sports/2024/10/31/utah-jazz-fall-to-0-5-on-the-season-as-victor-wembanyama-has-historic-game/ 
 ----- 
