Skip to content
46°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
About Us
About Us
Our Journalism
Community Advisory Board
Contact the Newsroom
eNewspaper
The San Diego Union-Tribune
Carmel Valley News
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Poway News Chieftain
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Bernardo News
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Solana Beach Sun
Columnists
Nick Canepa
Lisa Deaderick
Tom Krasovic
Bryce Miller
Michael Smolens
News
Local News
Border & Baja California
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
Education
Environment
Health
Immigration
Local Politics
Military
National News
National Politics
Politics
Science
Transportation
Watchdog
World News
Local News
San Diego County
San Diego
North County
East County
South County
Business
Business
Biotech
Growth & Development
Economy
Energy
Real Estate
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Technology
Tourism
Best Reviews
Opinion
Opinion
Community Voices
Commentary
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Sports
Sports
SDSU Aztecs
San Diego Padres
San Diego FC
San Diego Wave FC
High School Sports
Chargers/Rams
Toreros
San Diego Gulls
Golf
Fantasy Sports
Things to do
Things to do
Amusement Parks
Arts
Books
Casinos
Puzzles
Recipes
Home and Garden
Movies
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
TV and Streaming
UT Store
Weather
U-T En Español
U-T Community Press
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Pomerado News
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Pacific San Diego
Together San Diego
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Comics and Games
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Advertise with Us
Close Menu

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBSAN DIEGO PADRES
Padres work extra hard for sweaty victory over Cardinals
Jake Cronenworth follows through on an RBI single that gave the Padres a lead in the seventh inning of Wednesday’s game against the Cardinals. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson)
By KEVIN ACEE | kevin.acee@sduniontribune.com | The San Diego Union-Tribune
UPDATED: August 27, 2024 at 10:34 PM PDT

ST. LOUIS — Padres manager Mike Shildt has preached “normalizing” circumstances. His players have absorbed the mantra, playing it out time and again.

Perhaps never like in their 7-5 victory over the Cardinals on Tuesday night.

Three pitches into his outing, Padres starting pitcher Dylan Cease’s jersey had gone from the color of beach sand above the tide line to the color of the sand that gets drenched over and over by the ocean’s crashing waves.

It was said to be 98 degrees and feel like 106. Humidity level: practically uninhabitable.

Essentially, the Padres and Cardinals were playing baseball inside a microwave wrapped in saran wrap.

Local residents were warned to stay inside and keep their pets with them. Some schools canceled classes. There were news reports of a phenomenon called transpiration, wherein corn, which numbers in the millions of acres hereabouts, sweats and serves to increase the humidity.

But this is how the 2024 Padres roll: They shrug, wipe the sweat off their brows and bats, and then they string together preposterous at-bats and win at a rate they rarely have in 56 years of being a franchise.

“It was tough,” Manny Machado said afterward. “It was hot. … You just see it. I mean, it’s tough. I mean, both sides, right, both teams. But then you, you know, we have our ace on the mound and He goes out and he’s grinding, you know, he’s not feeling himself. He’s not feeling that great today. We see that, but we as a group, we just keep grinding, man.”

The Padres tied the game and took the final lead in a game that had seesawed with two runs in the seventh inning, and Jeremiah Estrada, Jason Adam and Tanner Scott worked an inning apiece to close out the Padres’ third consecutive victory. Yuki Matsui, who pitched a scoreless bottom of the sixth, got the win.

The victory moved the Padres into a tie for the National League’s top wild-card spot with the Diamondbacks, who lost to the Mets on Tuesday. Both teams are three games back in the NL West after the division-leading Dodgers lost to the Orioles.

The comeback — the Padres’ second of the game — began with Mason McCoy drawing a one-out walk from left-hander John King. Luis Arraez then reached on a single that moved McCoy to third base, and both runners stole while Jurickson Profar was at the plate. A fly ball to center field by Profar scored McCoy and got Arraez to third.

With two outs, left-handed-hitting Jake Cronenworth lined the ninth pitch of his at-bat against King into center field to score Arraez with the go-ahead run.

Before all that, the Padres trailed by two after one inning, led by two after two innings and lost their lead in the Cardinals’ three-run fifth inning.

Cease struggled to consistently find the strike zone from the start and lasted just 4⅓ innings.

“There’s always going to be different atmospheres,” Cease said. “It’s not the most relevant thing. … I didn’t feel, like, bad in any way from it. It was hot. But it wasn’t somehting that was on my mind when I was out there. … Just out of sync today.”

After allowing two runs in the first — on a single, a double, a wild pitch and a sacrifice fly — Cease was able to toil through trouble,  minimizing damage beyond his pitch count rising.

The Padres scored four times off Cardinals starter Miles Mikolas in the second inning. Machado’s lead-off home run got it started, and Jackson Merrill hit a one-out double, moved to third on David Peralta’s single and scored on Luis Campusano’s single. Peralta moved to third on that hit and scored on a groundout by McCoy. Campusano scored from second on asingle by Luis Arraez.

Mikolas went on to retire 11 of the final 13 batters he faced to get two outs deep in the sixth.

The Cardinals loaded the bases with one out in the second inning and two outs in the third but did not score. But Cease’s 30 pitches in the third had him at 70 for the game. He got through the fourth on just 11 pitches before getting in trouble again in the fifth.

A single by Brendan Donovan began the inning, and Donovan advanced to second on Cease’s third wild pitch and to third on a groundout before scoring on Lars Nootbaar’s single.

With Cease at 96 pitches, Shildt went to Bryan Hoeing, who surrendered a home run to Paul Goldschmidt that gave the Cardinals a 5-4 lead.

Two innings later, the Padres commenced securing their 34th comeback and their 15th when trailing in the seventh inning or later. It was their 26th victory in their past 34 games, tying a stretch in August 1989 for the best run of that length in team history.

“Some days are gonna look pretty; some days, they’re not gonna look pretty,” Machado said. “They’re gonna look like today. … It’s just a matter of just going out there and just, whatever the game presents , just go out there and leave it on the field. And, I mean, that’s a perfect example of what we did today.”

Originally Published: August 27, 2024 at 7:38 PM PDT
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
SDG&E tells 55,000 customers they might lose power as fresh Santa Ana winds move in
‘Double charging’ is OK on trash but not toll road?
Former Padres ace Jake Peavy happy to be ‘home’ in San Diego
‘Endless Summer’ star, local surf icon dies in Encinitas
Eggs are scarce. Prices are up. This family egg farm is the new hot spot.
3 thoughts: New Mexico 62, SDSU 48 … elevation, offense, and a rough day in San Diego
Renovated ‘dive bar’ Hearth House reopens in La Mesa
CalPERS takes unnecessary risks that could cost taxpayers
With boards still hampered by hundreds of vacancies, officials want volunteers to help make ‘real differences’
Man found dead of gunshot wound in Oceanside
Del Mar’s Marty Cooper who invented the cell phone receives National Medal of Tech and Innovation
Bill Essayli: Newsom needs to fireproof California, not Trump-proof it
MORE IN SAN DIEGO PADRES
Padres roster review: Jeremiah Estrada
Former Padres ace Jake Peavy happy to be ‘home’ in San Diego
Former Mariners manager Scott Servais joining Padres in player development
Analysis: Bitter family fights have torpedoed sports ownership groups before; could the Padres be next?
2024
August
27
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
E-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classifieds
Obituaries
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work with us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
PARTNERS
Sponsor a Student
CONTACT US
Corrections
Contact Newsroom
Photo reprints
SDUT Store
Reader rewards
Sponsored Access
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/2024/08/27/padres-work-extra-hard-for-sweaty-victory-over-cardinals/ 
 ----- 
