MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Cardinals DFA Shawn Armstrong in another controversial roster move
By Katie Woo
Aug 28, 2024

254

ST. LOUIS — Citing an incoming roster crunch and an internal desire to test out potential relief options in Triple A, the St. Louis Cardinals made a somewhat surprising roster move ahead of Tuesday’s game against the San Diego Padres by calling up right-hander Riley O’Brien and designating reliever Shawn Armstrong for assignment.

That O’Brien was called up to the majors wasn’t so much of a surprise, as he was high on the club’s radar after a stellar spring training, but missed the majority of the year with a forearm strain. Armstrong being the corresponding move was, however, given that St. Louis acquired him roughly four weeks ago from the Tampa Bay Rays in a trade for outfielder Dylan Carlson.

“In talking to (president of baseball operations John Mozeliak), he wanted to give runway to (O’Brien) and see what he looks like at this level,” manager Oli Marmol said.

“We’re going to be in a roster crunch anyway,” he added. “(A move) was inevitable.”

Armstrong performed well in his brief stint with St. Louis, appearing in 11 games and allowing four earned runs with 12 strikeouts over 12 2/3 innings. However, with both Steven Matz and Lance Lynn due back relatively soon from the injured list, the Cardinals needed to create space on their 40-man roster. Designating Armstrong for assignment allows him to still be eligible for the postseason with a new club — as long as he is picked up before MLB’s postseason eligibility deadline of Sept. 1.

The Cardinals chose to cut Armstrong now, rather than option another reliever to Triple A, because making him available ahead of that deadline could serve as incentive for a team to sign him and pay the remainder of Armstrong’s $2 million salary.

Cutting ties with Armstong is a relatively small blip on the team’s radar, but the surrounding optics of the move are what stands out. Acquiring Erick Fedde and Tommy Pham at the trade deadline was the priority for Mozeliak, but moving Carlson was next on the line. Carlson, a first-round pick and a former top prospect, had seen his performance decline over the past two seasons, and a flurry of injuries didn’t help. He had fallen out of favor in Marmol’s outfield rotation and was more or less regulated to a late-inning defensive replacement. It made sense for Mozeliak to move Carlson, and it was likely the best possible solution for both parties.

Still, Carlson’s pedigree — and the fact that he had two and a half years of control remaining when he was traded — immensely magnifies the organization’s decision to part ways with Armstrong less than a month after trading for him. It also doesn’t help that St. Louis designated Nick Robertson — the main return in their trade of Tyler O’Neill last December — for assignment earlier in the month.

Both O’Neill and Carlson are producing at much higher levels with their new clubs. O’Neill has 23 homers and an .874 OPS for the Boston Red Sox, while Carlson has clubbed three homers and has driven in nine runs in 19 games with Tampa Bay. The Cardinals, on the other hand, have little to show.

As St. Louis desperately tries to stop its second-half skid, it is facing a fair amount of questions and criticism. The Cardinals have optioned both Jordan Walker and Nolan Gorman to Memphis. They will most likely be without Willson Contreras (broken finger) for the remainder of the season. Attendance at Busch Stadium has dropped to record lows — last Wednesday, official attendance dipped below 30,000 for the first time in Busch Stadium III’s 18-year history. On Monday, official attendance was tallied at 28,697, though the actual number for turnstile attendance was below 15,000, per a source. Tuesday’s game — a 7-5 loss to the Padres — represented the stadium’s lowest official attendance (27,244).

One year after their worst season in 30 years, the Cardinals are not just in danger of missing the postseason for a second straight year. They are flirting with their first back-to-back losing seasons since 162-game seasons were implemented in 1961.

With their loss Tuesday, the Cardinals fell seven games back in the National League wild-card picture. They are in third place — behind the Milwaukee Brewers and Chicago Cubs — in the division and are staring down a deficit of 10 1/2 games behind the Brewers. The Cardinals’ slim playoff chances are dangling on the hopes of another improbable September run, yet the front office’s scramble to sort out the roster over the last 10 days hasn’t exactly sent the message that they’re confident such a run is possible.

(Photo: Jason Mowry / Getty Images)

Katie Woo is a staff writer for The Athletic covering the St. Louis Cardinals and Major League Baseball. Prior to joining The Athletic, Katie spent two years covering the minor leagues as an editorial producer for MiLB.com and spent the 2018 MLB season covering the San Diego Padres as an associate reporter for MLB.com. She is a graduate of Arizona State University and originates from Northern California. Follow Katie on Twitter @katiejwoo

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5727614/2024/08/27/cardinals-designate-shawn-armstrong-for-assignment/ 
 ----- 
