Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.

No data found

Afghanistan vs Australia – ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 – as it happened
Australia
v
Afghanistan
ICC MEN'S CRICKET WORLD CUP 2023
Match 39
07/11/2023
VenueWankhede Stadium, Mumbai
293-7
(46.5 overs)
291-5
(50 overs)
Australia win by 3 wickets
Australia
Maxwell 201*
Khan (2-44)
Afghanistan
Zadran 129*
Hazlewood (2-39)
By Hafsa Adil and Adam Hancock
Published On 7 Nov 2023
7 Nov 2023

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Click here to share on social media

This blog is now closed. Thanks for joining us. These were the updates from the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 match between Australia and Afghanistan on November 7:

Live updates
Match stats
Lineups
7 Nov 2023 - 17:15 (17:15 GMT)
Thanks for joining us!

Australia have qualified for the semifinals of the Cricket World Cup, but that barely tells the story of what was an incredible night in Mumbai.

Australia fought back from almost certain defeat to book their place in the knockout stages.

Glenn Maxwell produced one of the greatest ODI innings of all time to see off a spirited Afghanistan side.

There’s plenty more to play for at this World Cup, and if the rest of the tournament can produce even half of the drama that we have seen tonight, then we are in for a treat.

Goodbye!

Click here to share on social media
7 Nov 2023 - 17:08 (17:08 GMT)
Captains reflect on an epic in Mumbai

We’ve been hearing from both captains on the field at the Wankhede Stadium.

First up is Afghanistan’s Hashmatullah Shahidi:

“Cricket is a funny game. It was unbelievable for us.

“We were in the game, our bowlers started very well, but the dropped chances hurt us and that was the moment, and after that, Maxwell doesn’t stop. I can give credit to him.”

He was asked how his team were feeling in the dressing room after seemingly throwing away a huge chance to beat Australia.

“The team will be disappointed tonight. We didn’t think it was going to happen this way, but it’s part of the game. That’s cricket.”

Australia captain Pat Cummins also reflected on the epic innings from Maxwell:

“It’s just ridiculous. I don’t know how you describe that. Maxwell was out of this world.

“It’s got to be the greatest ODI innings that’s ever happened. It’s one of them days you say I was here at this stadium. I feel very lucky to be here.”

Click here to share on social media
7 Nov 2023 - 16:56 (16:56 GMT)
‘I feel shocking’

The hero of the hour, Glenn Maxwell, has been speaking after the match.

“It’s horrific, I feel shocking! It was hot when we were fielding today and I haven’t done a whole lot of high-intensity exercise in the heat and it got a hold of me today.”

Maxwell rode his luck after being dropped early on but went on to make Afghanistan pay.

“I led a charmed life out there. I was very lucky and made the most of that. To see it out is something I am very proud of”.

Click here to share on social media
7 Nov 2023 - 16:51 (16:51 GMT)
A miracle from Maxwell

There’s no real way to describe that innings from Maxwell. It has to be seen to be believed.

Maxwell scored the highest ever ODI score for an Australian and that only tells half of the story.

After riding his luck, he smashed Afghanistan around before somehow playing through the pain to win the game for his country.

Get that man an ice bath!

Click here to share on social media
7 Nov 2023 - 16:46 (16:46 GMT)
Australia win by three wickets!

These are crucial overs and Mujeeb is trusted with the ball.

Maxwell wastes no time in getting stuck into him, launching a six over mid-wicket for his eight sixth of the innings.

Next ball and he repeats the same trick! That takes him over 190. An absolutely astonishing innings.

He follows it up with four through cover. And then he hits a six to bring up 200 and win the game for Australia!

I simply cannot comprehend that innings. Unbelievable.

From the most improbable position, Australia have won this game.

Click here to share on social media
7 Nov 2023 - 16:43 (16:43 GMT)
46 overs. Australia 271-7

Rashid is tasked with trying to find a wicket. He faces Maxwell first ball and the Australian manages to hobble down the pitch for a single.

Rashid then bowls a wide as the pressure tells.

Maxwell appears to be getting slightly more mobility back, managing two singles.

Afghanistan look to be out of ideas. Australia need 21 from 24 balls.

Click here to share on social media
7 Nov 2023 - 16:40 (16:40 GMT)
45 overs. Australia 267-7

Naveen back with some pace and Maxwell is at it again! Six off the first ball of the over.

Again no footwork at all, he just muscles the ball over long on. I can’t quite believe what I am seeing.

Neither can Naveen, although he nearly has his man after Maxwell swings and misses at a ball that flies just over the top of the stumps.

There’s a big caught and bowled opportunity off the last ball, but it just evades Naveen’s dive. Maxwell manages to limp down the pitch to keep the strike.

Australia need 25 off 30 balls.

Click here to share on social media
7 Nov 2023 - 16:34 (16:34 GMT)
Maxwell keeps going ‘on no legs’

“Oh my goodness gracious me,” shouts Ian Smith on commentary as Maxwell somehow finds the energy and ability to hit boundary after boundary.

“He’s somehow he’s finding it in himself to keep going on no legs,” adds Smith as Maxwell defies his physical state to keep Australia going.

Click here to share on social media
Sign up for Al Jazeera
Weekly Newsletter
The latest news from around the world. Timely. Accurate. Fair.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
7 Nov 2023 - 16:33 (16:33 GMT)
44 overs. Australia 260-7

Azmat starts another over against Maxwell and it’s once again four more off the first ball.

It’s streaky for Maxwell, with an inside edge taking the ball through his legs and running away towards fine leg.

Two balls later and there’s nothing streaky about this shot. Maxwell plays a reverse sweep for six over third man. He played that beautifully.

Next up and it’s four more! This time through the leg side. This is simply incredible from Maxwell. He can’t move his feet but it’s no issue. Afghanistan are stunned.

 

Click here to share on social media
7 Nov 2023 - 16:28 (16:28 GMT)
43 overs. Australia 245-7

Noor Ahmad continues and tries to find a way to draw Pat Cummins into a mistake.

The Australian captain is in a very difficult position. He can’t score unless he hits a four or a six as Glenn Maxwell simply cannot run.

He hits a few nice shots, but they all go down as dot balls. A total 47 needed from 42 balls.

Click here to share on social media

SOURCE: AL JAZEERA AND NEWS AGENCIES
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/liveblog/2023/11/7/live-afghanistan-vs-australia-icc-cricket-world-cup-2023 
 ----- 
