Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 European Championship, Group Stage
HUN
0-0-1, 0 PTS
1
FT
SUI
1-0-0, 3 PTS
3
Barnabás Varga - 66'
Kwadwo Duah - 12'Michel Aebischer - 45'Breel Embolo - 90'+3'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Videos
Euro 2024: Switzerland claim impressive win against Hungary
2:28
Can Switzerland hold a top performance for 90 minutes?

Ale Moreno reacts to an impressive win for Switzerland over Hungary to kick off their Euro 2024 campaign.

ByReuters
Updated: Jun 15, 2024, 05:12 pm

Switzerland made a flying start to their Euro 2024 campaign with a commanding 3-1 win over a blunder-prone Hungary on Saturday, with first international goals for Kwadwo Duah and Michel Aebischer, and Breel Embolo netting on his return from injury.

Chasing a place in the knockout rounds in their sixth consecutive major tournament, Switzerland were a classy outfit, composed, organised and quick on the attack as a Hungary side billed as the tournament's dark horses made countless errors and struggled to get into the game.

In only his second international match, Duah fired the Swiss ahead with a cool finish after 12 minutes when he was put through by Aebischer, who doubled the lead on the stroke of half-time with a superb curling shot from outside the box after sloppy defending.

Michel Aebischer's goal gave Switzerland a comfortable half-time lead.
Kevin Voigt/GettyImages

Hungary were shell-shocked but improved in the second half, with Barnabás Varga squandering a clear chance when he found himself in space but headed wide of the post.

He did find the net in the 66th minute, however, crouching low to head home Dominik Szoboszlai's neat cross to spark a frantic effort to fight back which the Swiss fended off resolutely, responding with a flurry of chances of their own.

Substitute Embolo sealed the win after another Hungarian error in stoppage time, lifting the ball over the keeper to trigger frenzied Swiss celebrations.

"I liken football to chess and today we got our tactics right," Swiss coach Murat Yakin said.

"We focused on making the most of our strength and we made our opponents' lives very hard."

Switzerland were desperate for a strong start to the tournament after scraping through a weak group in a dismal qualifying campaign fraught with late mishaps in games.

Player of the match Granit Xhaka performed a vital role in the victory, controlling the pace of play, delivering pinpoint passes and twice coming close to scoring late goals.

Aebischer and Duah were brought back into the Switzerland side and Embolo was fit again after injury and their selection proved inspired, with Aebischer central to multiple attacks that exposed the frailty of the Hungarian defence.

Hungary's start to their third successive European Championship was disappointing, with expectations high after a run of 14 games unbeaten that ended only recently, and excitement over Szoboszlai, who made his debut in the tournament as the youngest captain in the Euros at 23 years old.

Hungary play Germany and Switzerland take on Scotland in the next Group A matches on Wednesday.

"The first half was very bad ... we were too passive," Hungary coach Marco Rossi said, lamenting his side's errors at the back.

"I am not looking to point fingers. I am the coach, so I take responsibility."

"It's hard to correct the kind of mistakes that we made. Our players do not make mistakes like this every day," he added.

Game Information
RheinEnergieSTADION
1:00 PM, June 15, 2024
Coverage: FuboTV
Köln, Germany
Line: SUI -0.5
Over/Under: 1.5
Attendance: 41,676
Referees:
Slavko Vincici
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/690574 
 ----- 
