Elite Blog Lancer
Home » Pakistan vs New Zealand T20 Series – Set To Battle Thrilling Matches
SPORTS
Pakistan vs New Zealand T20 Series – Set To Battle Thrilling Matches
By Elite Blog TeamApril 18, 2024Updated:August 23, 2024No Comments5 Mins Read
Share
SHARE
Introduction

Are you a cricket lover and looking for an exciting t20 cricket showdown? Let’s get ready for Pakistan vs New Zealand t20 series starting on April 18th, 2024 in Rawalpindi Cricket Stadium! Pakistan has always been a cricket-loving nation and always likes to host top test-playing nations. Following this, New Zealand has graced this hosting passion and agreed to play a five-match t20 series with Pakistan.

Overview of Pakistan vs New Zealand t20 Series

Last year, both teams met in a five-match t20 series in April 2023 in Pakistan and the Green Shirts comprehensively won 4-1. Now again, Pakistan is ready to face New Zealand in a t20 series and that’s the second successive white-ball tour of New Zealand to Pakistan. Before the t20 World Cup to be hosted in the USA in June 2024, this series would be an ideal preparation for both Kiwis and Shaheens.

Pakistan vs New Zealand t20 Series Surprises and Set Backs for Pakistan

Pakistan Cricket Board has been facing a lot of challenges regarding management for the last couple of years. The new series brings new captains and coaches, so we see new faces every time and that’s not a good thing for cricket. Here are a few setbacks and surprises for the Pakistan team!

Shaheen Afridi Replaced As Captain

Shaheen Shah Afridi was named t20 captain a few months ago and some bad performances ruled him out of the captaincy race.

Babar Azam Returned As a Captain

Surprisingly, Babar Azam is back again with a captaincy role. PCB management under the supervision of newly appointed chairman Mohsin Naqvi has brought Babar Azam as a captain and that became the highlight of newspapers in Pakistan and international media.

Muhammad Amir and Imad Wasim Back After Long Gap

With Babar Azam back as a captain, there is another surprise for the nation and that’s the return of Pakistan star pacer Muhammad Amir who made Pakistan victorious in the Champions Trophy final played in 2017 in England against India.

Amir claimed three crucial wickets of Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli, and Shikhar Dhawan that changed the game in the favor of Pakistan in the first powerplay. Interestingly, Muhammad Amir is back after a gap of four years in the national team.

Another surprising return of Imad Wasim has also stunned fans from around the world. Imad Wasim was also ignored by the PCB management for the last couple of years, but his brilliant performance in the Pakistan Super League 2024 forced selectors to include him in the national team’s t20 squad against the Blackcaps. However, new management has brought him back for the Pakistan-New Zealand t20 series.

Pakistan vs New Zealand t20 Series Surprises and Set Backs for New Zealand

Here are some surprises and setbacks that the New Zealand team will face in the series against Pakistan on their home soil.

IPL Commitments of Key Players

New Zealand will miss their star players including Kane Williamson, Devon Conway, Daryl Mitchell, Rachin Ravindra, Mitchell Santner, Lockie Ferguson, Trent Boult, and Glenn Philipps who are busy in the Indian Premier League (IPL) 2024 and they won’t participate in the t20 series against Pakistan.

Personal Commitments of Southee, Latham, and Young

Despite the absence of top-notch players who are busy in IPL, this Kiwi team will play in Pakistan without the services of Will Young, Tom Latham, and Tim Southee. This has added fuel to the fire, as these three players have made themselves unavailable due to reasons of paternity, strength conditions, and country cricket.

Michael Bracewell Appointed Captain

Knowing the busy schedule and personal commitments of top Kiwi players, New Zealand Cricket decided to send the Blackcaps team under the supervision of Michael Bracewell as captain along with some new faces including Tim Robinson and Zak Foulkes who will debut in the series.

Therefore, this series would be a massive challenge for Michael Bracewell who also remained absent from the team with a ruptured Achilles and broken finger for a long time.

Pakistan vs New Zealand T20 Series Schedule 2024

Here is the schedule for Pakistan vs New Zealand t20 series 2024!

Thursday, 18 April 2024 – 1st T20 in Rawalpindi Cricket Stadium at 7:00 pm

Saturday, 20 April 2024 – 2nd T20 in Rawalpindi Cricket Stadium at 7:00 pm

Sunday, 21 April 2024 – 3rd T20 in Rawalpindi Cricket Stadium at 7:00 pm

Thursday, 25 April 2024 – 4th T20 in Gaddafi Stadium Lahore at 7:00 pm

Saturday, 27 April 2024 – 5th T20 in Gaddafi Stadium Lahore at 7:00 pm

Final Thoughts

Finally, the Pakistan vs New Zealand t20 series will be great fun for cricket lovers from Pakistan and around the world. No doubt, Blackcaps always create an electrifying atmosphere with their true spirit and fightback abilities on the field. With dozens of quality players missing from the side, this young New Zealand cricket team has the potential to disturb the star-studded Pakistani lineup, as everyone is aware of the superb game display of Kiwis and their fighting spirit that won’t affect their performance.

SHARE.
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
 PREVIOUS ARTICLE
7 Healthy High-Carb Foods To Eat
NEXT ARTICLE 
5 Benefits of Freelancing in Pakistan
Elite Blog Team
Website

Related Posts
SPORTS
Bangladesh Beat Pakistan And Secures Historic Victory in Rawalpindi
September 1, 2024
SPORTS
2024 T20 World Cup: Cricket’s Biggest Event of the Year
June 22, 2024
SPORTS
Cricket Australia Offers to Host India-Pakistan Bilateral Series
March 30, 2024
ADD A COMMENT
SEARCH
QUICK MENU
Home
Tech
Sports
Health & Fitness
News
Privacy Policy
Write for Us
Contact Us
RECENT POST
Iran Attack on Israel with Missiles: Rising Tensions in the Region
Pakistan to Welcome Dr. Zakir Naik in October 2024
Bangladesh Beat Pakistan And Secures Historic Victory in Rawalpindi
Why is Sugar Bad for Health? Key Reasons You Should Know
2024 T20 World Cup: Cricket’s Biggest Event of the Year
Facebook
X (Twitter)
Instagram
© 2025 Elite Blog Lancer - All rights reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://elitebloglancer.com/pakistan-vs-newzealand-thrilling-t20-series/ 
 ----- 
