Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
Winter storm
SPORTS
Tucker, Bregman and Meyers homer to help Astros to 9-7 win over Angels
1 of 6 |  

Houston Astros’ Kyle Tucker is congratulated in the dugout after hitting a solo home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Friday, Sept. 20, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

2 of 6 |  

Houston Astros’ Alex Bregman, right, celebrates with Kyle Tucker, left, after hitting a two-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Friday, Sept. 20, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

3 of 6 |  

Houston Astros starting pitcher Justin Verlander delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Friday, Sept. 20, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

4 of 6 |  

Los Angeles Angels starting pitcher Tyler Anderson delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros, Friday, Sept. 20, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

5 of 6 |  

Houston Astros’ Jake Meyers is congratulated in the dugout after hitting a three-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Friday, Sept. 20, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

6 of 6 |  

Los Angeles Angels starting pitcher Tyler Anderson walks around the mound after committing a throwing error on a ground ball hit by Houston Astros’ Jeremy Peña during the third inning of a baseball game Friday, Sept. 20, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

BY  KRISTIE RIEKEN
Updated 4:24 AM UTC, September 21, 2024
Share

HOUSTON (AP) — Kyle Tucker had four hits, including a home run, and Jake Meyers and Alex Bregman both hit home runs while combining for six RBIs to help the Houston Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 9-7 on Friday night.

The victory dropped Houston’s magic number to clinch the AL West to four.

Bregman’s two-run shot put the Astros up 3-1 in the third. Meyers stretched the lead to 6-1 with his three-run home run with two outs in the inning.

The Angels scored three runs in the fifth to get within 8-6 before Tucker’s solo shot to the bullpen in right-center made it 9-6 in the sixth. He went 4 for 5 to tie a career high in hits.

It was Tucker’s 12th game back after missing more than three months with a small fracture in his right shin.

“He had some really good at-bats,” manager Joe Espada said. “He’s on the ball. Just the quality of at-bats looks like his timing is coming.”

Kevin Pillar, who was reinstated from the injured list Friday, hit a solo homer in the seventh inning for the Angels but Houston’s bullpen shut Los Angeles down the rest of the way.

Justin Verlander gave up eight hits and six runs in 4 2/3 innings. It’s the third time in four starts where the three-time Cy Young Award winner has allowed eight hits and at least five runs.

RELATED STORIES
Cubs trade for Astros All-Star outfielder Kyle Tucker
Christian Walker agrees to $60 million, 3-year contract with Astros, AP source says
Kyle Tucker says he is open to long-term deal with Cubs after trade from Astros

He said postgame that he thinks he rushed back from a neck injury that kept him out almost two months this summer.

“I think I came back from the neck injury a little fast,” he said. “Obviously I know the schedule, I know the calendar and I want to be an asset for this team and to do that I need to be able to pitch and find out where I’m at. Obviously, the results have not been good, but there’s nothing you can do besides trying to pitch.”

Hector Neris (10-5) allowed three hits and a run in 1 1/3 innings for the win and Josh Hader pitched a scoreless ninth for his 33rd save.

The Astros jumped on Tyler Anderson (10-14) for eight hits and six runs — three earned — in just 2 2/3 innings, his shortest start this season.

Matt Thaiss, who snapped an 0 for 34 skid with a single in the fourth, had two hits and drove in two runs for Los Angeles and Eric Wagaman added three hits and two RBIs.

Manager Ron Washington was impressed by the contributions from the bottom of his lineup Friday night.

“We needed everything they did and they played hard,” he said. “We just came up short.”

The Astros led 1-0 after a sacrifice fly by Mauricio Dubón with one out in the second.

Angels rookie Gustavo Campero hit his first career triple with one out in the third inning. He scored on a single by Jack López that tied it at 1-1.

Pillar walked with one out in the fourth and stole second base with two outs. Wagaman’s single to right field scored him to cut the lead to 6-2. Thaiss then singled to get his first hit since Aug. 22. Verlander plunked Campero to load the bases and López singled to make it 6-3.

Bregman and Diaz hit RBI singles in the fourth to push the lead to 8-3.

The Angels had runners on first and third with no outs in the fifth when Bregman saved a run with a leaping catch on a liner hit by Pillar. Wagaman hit an RBI double with two outs in the inning to get Los Angeles within 8-4 and chase Verlander.

Bryan King took over and Thaiss singled to center field to scored two more and cut the lead to 8-6.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Angels: INF Charles Leblanc was optioned to Triple-A Salt Lake to make room for Pillar on the roster.

UP NEXT

Houston RHP Ronel Blanco (11-6, 2.88 ERA) opposes LHP Reid Detmers (4-7, 6.05) when the series continues Saturday night.

___

AP MLB: https://www.apnews.com/hub/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Find The Best Cowboy Boots for Wide Feet
Ariat
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
Watchdog group seeks investig ation into RFK Jr. for voting from a 'sham' address
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles, Trump doesn't offer much sym...
As the cataclysmic wildfires rage across Los Angeles, President-elect Donald...
AP News
U.S. citizen denied entry into Poland after security staff...
A U.S. citizen has been barred from entering Poland because her passport wa...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Pl...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
What ignited the deadly Californ ia wildfires? Investigators cons...
Investigators are considering an array of possible ignition sources for the fires tha...
AP News
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking South Carolina By...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
Poulin scores `Superwoman' goal, Victoire beat Sceptres 4-...
Marie-Philip Poulin scored a spectacular “Superwoman” goal and added an empty...
AP News
Trump wants to change colleges nationwide. GOP-led states...
As President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office, both conservative and...
AP News
These Seniors Over 65 Learned How To Save Massive On Life Insu...
Senior Life Insurance
Advertisement:
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read More
Search for Grant Mana gement Softwares
Yahoo Search
Advertisement:
Click Here
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painless solution for home grooming. Shop...
Glosrity:Advertisement
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates historical scenarios
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle ?
Puzzloom:Advertisement
Read Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/astros-angels-score-c4ace0af9a56e250bde0f87a00e65b2d 
 ----- 
