Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
NBA
New York Knicks
Brooklyn Nets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
LIVE UPDATES
20 arrested for looting as wildfires rip through Los Angeles
NBA
Karl-Anthony Towns owes impressive passing style to chance Arvydas Sabonis run-in
By Stefan Bondy
Published Nov. 18, 2024, 6:40 p.m. ET

For the most part, Karl-Anthony Towns has been as advertised.

Elite shooter? Check.

Versatile scorer? Check.

Solid defensive rebounder? Check.

Shaky defender/rim protector? Check.

But there’s an element to his game that has proven surprising to even his teammates.

“He’s even a better passer than I thought,” Josh Hart said recently in the visiting locker room in Detroit, just as Towns cranked up “One In a Million” by the late/great Aaliyah. “Now he’s over there playing R&B in a room full of half-naked men.”

7
Karl-Anthony Towns #32 of the New York Knicks slams the ball over Dennis Schroder #17 of the Brooklyn Nets and Noah Clowney #21 of the Brooklyn Nets during the first half.
Jason Szenes / New York Post

So Towns has a soft side to his musical taste and a soft touch with a basketball, but he reminded reporters that the passing prowess is hardly new — “I’ve done that pass 100 times. I’ve been doing this in Minnesota.”

And the 29-year-old has a point.

Entering Monday, he was averaging considerably fewer assists (3.0) than his best with the T-Wolves, which included three seasons of more than 4.4 per game. But it’s not the numbers that are raising eyebrows in New York.

It’s the style.

In Detroit, it was a no-look and behind-the-head dish to a cutting Jalen Brunson for a layup.

Against Milwaukee, it was a fake pass into a no-look over his head to OG Anunoby.

7
Knicks center Karl-Anthony Towns #32 passes the ball.
Charles Wenzelberg / New York Post

In Philly, it was a no-look under the basket to Mikal Bridges.

Against the Nets on Sunday, it was over the head from the 3-point line to Anunoby for the jam.

Asked about the latest highlight, Towns referenced two names you wouldn’t expect coming from someone born in 1995.

7
New York Knicks center Karl-Anthony Towns #32 makes a jumping pass as Milwaukee Bucks center Brook Lopez #11 and Milwaukee Bucks forward Bobby Portis #9 defend during the second quarter.
Charles Wenzelberg / New York Post

“I wear No. 32, I grew up a big Magic Johnson fan. So just watching the way he made his teammates better,” the 29-year-old said. “And I was blessed to meet and talk to Arvydas Sabonis over in Venezuela.”

Sabonis, a Lithuanian who dominated international basketball in the 1980s, is considered among the greatest, if not the greatest, playmaking 7-footer. He was Nikola Jokic before Nikola Jokic.

Towns, as he told The Post, met Sabonis in a Venezuela hotel during the 2012 FIBA Qualifying tournament. At the time, Sabonis, who finished his playing career with the Trail Blazers in 2003, was president of the Lithuanian team.

Towns was just 16 years old and trying to lift the Dominican Republic into the Olympics.

7
Arvydas Sabonis #11 of Lithuania looks to pass during the 1996 Olympics circa 1996 in Atlanta, Georgia.
NBAE via Getty Images
7
Arvydas Sabonis former NBA player and Lithuanian international basketball player is attending the international friendly game between France v Lithuania at Palais des Sports on August 10, 2017 in Orleans, France.
Getty Images

“I had heard murmurs about this guy that was this good,” Towns told The Post. “And then got to meet him and we all stayed in the same hotel. All the teams. And I actually got to stand and talk to him and he introduced me to his son, who I didn’t know and it ended up being [Sacramento Kings All-Star] Domantas. So it’s pretty cool. I mean, me and Domantas still talk about it.”

The meeting included lessons on passing — “life and ball,” Towns said — and motivation for a teenager to find clips of Sabonis.

A YouTube search today uncovers highlights strikingly similar to Towns’ passes from the post.

7
Knicks #33 Patrick Ewing guards Portlands #11 Arvydas Sabonis during a 2000 game.
New York Post
7
Knicks center Karl-Anthony Towns (32) dunks in the first half against the Indiana Pacers at Madison Square Garden, Friday, Oct. 25, 2024, in New York, NY.
Corey Sipkin for the NY POST

“YouTube was not as abundant then. So finding tape on him was difficult,” Towns said. “But to talk to him and hear the way he thinks — I was young and just soaking up all the knowledge and game he was giving me and on top of that to have people on my Dominican team, a lot of them played overseas. So they were able to play against him and able to watch him and I just got to hear from them.”

But developing Sabonis’ vision required much more than absorbing Internet videos.

Towns needed reps, as Tom Thibodeau can attest after coaching the center at two different stops and at two different phases of his career.

What do you think? Post a comment.

“Now he really sees things,” Thibodeau said. “He understands what the defense is trying to do. He knows when there’s over-help. He’s seeing the whole floor now. Initially, like most young guys, the vision was more narrow. It may have been on one guy. But now he sees more than one guy. He sees the defense. He sees where everybody is. If there’s an over-help, he can fake here and throw there. And that goes a long way.”

FILED UNDER KARL-ANTHONY TOWNS  NEW YORK KNICKS  11/18/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
Actors Who Wound Up Working Totally Normal Jobs
Looper.com
MSNBC's Morning Joe Is In A World Of Trouble
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
Tragic Details About Fox News Anchor Harris Faulkner
NickiSwift.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Michelle Obama's Former Secret Service Agent Is Speaking Out
Katiecouric.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-Out
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/11/18/sports/karl-anthony-towns-owes-passing-style-to-arvydas-sabonis-run-in/ 
 ----- 
