Skip to main content
Facebook
 
Twitter
Site search
Sign UpLog In
e-Edition
Home
News
Sports
Business
Community
Local Events
Entertainment
Opinion
Obituaries
Public Records
Columns
Multimedia
Classifieds
Archive
Kid Scoop
About Us
Staff
Subscribe
Promote Your Event
Advertise
e-Edition
Submission Forms
Jobs
SOCCER POTY: Diego Ojeda makes immediate impact in first season with Alcoa soccer
Josh Lane josh.lane@thedailytimes.com Jun 7, 2024 
1 of 3
Buy Now

Alcoa’s Diego Ojeda (10) pulls away from South Doyle’s Jude Straussfogel (19) in their Region 3-AA championship game at Alcoa on May 16.

Scott Keller | The Daily Times

Photos: Scott Keller | Graphic: Marcus Fitzsimmons — The Daily Times

Alcoa’s Diego Ojeda and Maryville’s Seth Meade are the 2024 All-Daily-Times Boys Soccer Players of the Year.

Photos: Scott Keller | Graphic: Marcus Fitzsimmons - The Daily Times
Buy Now

Alcoa's Diego Ojeda (10) attempts to intercept an East Ridge pass during the Region 3-2A semifinal on May 14 at Alcoa.

Scott Keller | The Daily Times
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Diego Ojeda became the second high-impact player to transfer to Alcoa soccer in two seasons, the next step in his journey to a professional career.

Alcoa has become a de facto feeder school for One Knox. Last season, Leo Santos transferred to Alcoa, played a season with the Tornadoes then became the first ever One Knox Academy signing last March. Not long after Santos signed, the Tornadoes got wind that another player would be following a similar path.

Thus Ojeda transferred to Alcoa from Huntsville, Alabama, and played his junior season with the Tornadoes. Alcoa head coach Andy Byrd expects Ojeda to be back as a senior as he continues to develop before signing with One Knox one day in the future.




“(Ojeda’s) primary reason was to come up and train with One Knox,” Byrd told the Daily Times. “We work hand in hand with them with a couple of players, and we look forward to working with them in the future. They bring in local players, and we get them enrolled at Alcoa High School so we can be part of the solution to the kids wanting to play at a higher level.

“We’re trying to work hand in hand with One Knox to become a conduit for kids coming in and training with us for a couple years. And if they can move on to sign with One Knox, then they certainly can, and if they aren’t quite there yet, they can continue to play with us.”

So after finishing the enrollment process at Alcoa, Ojeda and his mother, who are both originally from Venezuela, relocated from Huntsville to Blount County, and he made an immediate impact for the Tornadoes.

Ojeda scored 14 goals, including a hat trick in sectionals, to lead Alcoa to a state tournament appearance in its first season in Class 2A and was named the All-Daily Times Boys Soccer Co-Player of the Year.

“We’ve enjoyed Diego being on our team,” Byrd said. “That really helped propel our team this year to do great things. Our success was based on everyone, but at the same time, Diego was an offensive threat that had to be contained.”

Ojeda gave Alcoa an immediate boost in terms of speed and athleticism at the wing position. He scored two goals and recorded three assists to help beat Loudon, 5-0, on April 9, then recorded another brace in a crucial district win over eventual state champion South-Doyle, 4-3, on April 22.

The Tornadoes did not realize how important Ojeda had become to their identity until the one TSSAA-allowed week during the season where he could play with One Knox Academy. After playing eight games in seven days for One Knox, Byrd rested Ojeda when he returned to the Tornadoes, and his absence was noticeable.

“We noticed when he’s not in the game, our energy is not there,” Byrd said. “He just brings a different set in. He brings a different skill set, an offensive prowess that with him, we tended to click a little bit better. In my opinion, we played a whole lot better as well.”

Ojeda was crucial in Alcoa’s run to the state tournament for the third consecutive season. He scored a goal and recorded an assist against Lenoir City in the district tournament, then had a brace, including the game-winning score, to beat South-Doyle in the district championship. He made the opening goal and added an assist in Alcoa’s region tournament win against East Ridge, but after being blanked by South-Doyle in the region championship, Ojeda posted a hat trick in the sectionals at Franklin County; all three goals were go-ahead for Alcoa, with his third the game-winner.

As clutch as Ojeda was down the stretch for Alcoa, Byrd said there were more goals he left on the field, but he does not expect Ojeda to miss many next season. Ojeda’s offseason program consists of up to three separate training sessions a day, in addition to his work with One Knox.

“He didn’t guarantee us a goal every game. What he guaranteed us were opportunities to score goals,” Byrd said. “He’ll clean the missed opportunities up this summer and next year really be a force up front.”

Byrd did not downplay the significance of Ojeda’s move from Huntsville to Alcoa, which made his season that much more impressive. Ojeda left his friends behind in Alabama, and had to start over at a new school, learning the ins and outs of a new team and system.

It did not take long for Ojeda to get acclimated to Alcoa. Not only did he make an impact on the pitch, but he found ways to contribute during the soccer team’s community service projects. Byrd said Ojeda loved to teach and play with the younger kids that came through the team camp during the summer.

“Him moving up here, it took him a lot of bravery to move from all his high school friends,” Byrd said. “He left them down there, and he moved up here with his mom. He kind of put everything away down there. He decided to come up here to a new place, set foot in a new school, and Diego’s all about it. I think he understands that he needs to give back to a sport that’s given so much to him as well.”

  

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
2024 All-Daily-Times Soccer Team
Marcus Fitzsimmons marcusf@thedailytimes.comJun 7, 2024
Tags
Prep Sports Preps 2024 Prep Soccer Alcoa Soccer Alcoa Tornadoes
Josh Lane
Author email
 Follow Josh Lane
Recommended for you
Around The Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in District of Columbia (Check Zip Code)
Otto Quotes
Look for Any High School Yearbook, It's Free!
Classmates
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Ellen Degeneres and Her New Partner Who You'll Easily Recognize
Suburban Finance
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
Trending Now
Structure fire reported at The Steel Room
When symptoms don't add up: fungal infection is a little-known health hazard
Light up the night: Blount County rich in holiday displays
Alcoa approves Springbrook hotel, restaurant site plan
Alcoa's Eli Graf does it again, repeats as Offensive Player of the Year
Trending Recipes
Sandy J.
Redford, MI
Banana Cake With Buttercream Frosting
Kathie C.
North Liberty, IN
Old-Fashioned Ham and Beans
Rhonda G.
Nashville, TN
Hawaiian Roll Ham Sliders



Public Notices
Find your local public notices here
Newsletters
Breaking News Alerts

Have Breaking News delivered immediately to your inbox. Don't miss the next big story.

Business Weekly

Receive a free weekly newsletter with money advice from Nerdwallet and Dave Ramsey, plus market reports and Blount business news. Register now for FREE. 

Daily E-edition of The Daily Times

Subscribers to TheDailyTimes.com's E-edition can have their daily newspapers delivered right to their inbox every morning.

Daily Headlines

Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!

Monday Morning Quarterback Prep

Get your dose of Monday Morning football recaps of the prep weekend with a FREE newsletter highlighting all six high school teams.

	
Sign up
Manage your lists
Facebook
 
Twitter
Sections
Home
News
Sports
Business
Community
Entertainment
Local Events
Opinion
Public Records
Columns
Multimedia
Video Gallery
Online Features
Services
Contact Customer Service
About Us
Staff
Advertise Your Business
Promote Your Event
Submission Forms
Placing An Obituary
Ethics Code
Subscription Services
Subscriber Savings
Subscribe
RSS
Terms of Service
APG State News
© Copyright 2024 TheDailyTimes.com 226 Gill Street, Alcoa, TN  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thedailytimes.com/sports/soccer-poty-diego-ojeda-makes-immediate-impact-in-first-season-with-alcoa-soccer/article_e0a50f50-2491-11ef-843b-672b89da0c4e.html 
 ----- 
