News
Today's news
US
Politics
World
Tech
Climate change
Health
Science
Originals
Newsletters
Life
Health
Parenting
Style and beauty
Horoscopes
Shopping
Food
Travel
Autos
Gift ideas
Buying guides
Entertainment
Celebrity
TV
Movies
Music
How to Watch
Interviews
Videos
Finance
My portfolio
News
Markets
Sectors
Screeners
Personal finance
Videos
Crypto
Industries
Sports
Fantasy
Daily fantasy
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
Soccer
College football
Show all
New on Yahoo
Creators
Games
Tech
Editions
US
© 2024
All rights reserved.
Search query
Mail
Sign in
Advertisement
Close this content
Top Stories
Hydrants and wildfires
'Pizzagate' gunman killed
Malibu fire damage
Trump sentenced
Pacific Palisades reservoir
Trump and Obama
Buildings impacted by fires
SCOTUS TikTok hearing
Wildfires live updates
Michelle Obama
Bruins’ Milan Lucic throws out first pitch at Red Sox, puts up the dukes with Justin Turner
Bryan Lambert
Sat, September 9, 2023 at 12:58 AM UTC
2 min read

It didn’t take long for Milan Lucic to reconvene his old fight club.

“Looch” threw out the first pitch before the Red Sox’s Friday night matchup against the Baltimore Orioles, one of the first opportunities for fans to welcome back the 2011 Stanley Cup winner since the 35-year-old forward signed a one-year deal to return to Boston this summer.

Known for doling out bone-crunching punishment and dropping the gloves as a physical presence and enforcer on the Bruin’s top lines, Lucic instead delivered a pitch slightlyyyyyy outside Friday, that Sox infielder Justin Turner had to extend for.

Advertisement

As Lucic stepped off the mound, Turner welcomed back the Bruins legend in a fitting manner. By quickly putting up the dukes and inviting Lucic to take a trip to the penalty box with him.

Welcome back to Boston, @27MilanLucic! pic.twitter.com/b4UzEg2TwV

— NESN (@NESN) September 8, 2023

After spending the first eight years of his career in Boston, spent the next eight splitting time between the Los Angeles Kings, Edmonton Oilers and Calgary Flames. Lucic signed a one-year, $1,000,000-deal this summer to return to Boston as a likely capstone to his career.

“To be honest, it just feels like I’m home again. That’s probably the best way to put it,” Lucic told the Boston Globe this week. “I could say a restaurant or a place or something like that, but at the end of the day it just feels like I’ve come back home and that’s the feeling that I’ve felt so far being here since Sunday.”

Glad to have you back in Boston, @27MilanLucic ! pic.twitter.com/WHKGPvWy5l

— Red Sox (@RedSox) September 8, 2023

This is a developing story. Check back for updates as more information becomes available.

Advertisement

Download the FREE Boston 25 News app for breaking news alerts.

Follow Boston 25 News on Facebook and Twitter. | Watch Boston 25 News NOW

Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
View comments
About Our Ads
Solve the daily Crossword
29,884 people played the daily Crossword recently. Can you solve it faster than others?
Crossword
Play on Yahoo
Advertisement
Recommended articles
Kamala Harris posts Jimmy Carter funeral photo with notable exclusion; internet reacts
USA TODAY
Before-and-after photos show iconic Los Angeles locations impacted by wildfires
INSIDER
Former Child Star Killed In L.A. Fires After Mom Tried to Save Him
E! News
Biden, Apparently Confused, Argues He and Harris ‘Could Have and Would Have Beaten Trump’ | Video
The Wrap
A Lip Reader Interpreted What Donald Trump And Barack Obama Were Talking About At Jimmy Carter's Funeral
BuzzFeed
What rights could Donald Trump lose now that he's a convicted felon?
USA TODAY
Lack of water is hampering LA fire battle. Why not use ocean water to fight fires?
USA TODAY
My Dad's Life Fell Apart. When He Died, I Logged On To His Email And Made A Shocking Discovery.
BuzzFeed
Can You Name These 11 Hit Movies of the 1970s From a Single Image?
Movie Maker
Deion Sanders says there are a couple NFL teams he won't allow son Shedeur to play for
USA TODAY Sports
Duckworth: Trump’s Pentagon pick has less experience than Applebee’s manager
The Hill
How Likely Is It That the Stock Market Crashes Under President Donald Trump in 2025? Here's What History Tells Us.
Motley Fool
Greenland’s leader says he’s ready to talk to Trump
CNN
15 Suuuuper Awkward Moments From Jimmy Carter's Funeral Everyone Is Talking About
BuzzFeed
House Republicans face massive debt problem
The Hill
Think you're too old to be shoveling snow? You might be surprised at when you should quit
The Enquirer
I see now that Trump and his supporters won. All it took was covering his trial. | Opinion
USA TODAY Opinion
The Los Angeles Chargers scored a 4-point touchdown thanks to Cameron Dicker's all-time blunder
FTW Outdoors
Kamala Snubs Trump With ‘Legendary’ Photo Crop
The Daily Beast
Pence Fuels Theory That Wife Intentionally Gave Trump Cold Shoulder
The Daily Beast
Texans' Joe Mixon fires back at ESPN analyst Rex Ryan during locker room celebration
USA TODAY Sports
"I’ve Seen Horrible Things Happen": A Doctor Is Begging People To Stop Using Q-Tips In Their Ears, Here's Why
BuzzFeed
Bette Midler Shares Video of Family Singing After Their Home of 37 Years is Destroyed in L.A. Fire: 'So Glad We Can Offer Some Small Comfort’
People
Snoop Dogg Hailed a ‘True Hero’ for ‘Generous’ Response to LA Wildfires
Parade
Palisades Fire reaches Brentwood, threatens new communities
KTLA articles
Trump Ally Peter Thiel’s Op-Ed Turns Heads for Being ‘Beyond Nuts’
The Daily Beast
Another winter storm is brewing: See which states are expected to see snow, ice
USA TODAY
Trump prosecutor Jack Smith resigns from Justice Department
Reuters
Where are mandatory evacuation orders for California wildfires? See LA maps.
USA TODAY
Los Angeles resident witnesses what's believed to be the start of the devastating Pacific Palisades wildfire
Associated Press Videos
Hoda Kotb's "New Deal" at NBC Was Just Revealed and It's Major
Cosmopolitan
A father at the bedside of his son, a surfer and a woman who stayed behind with her beloved pets are among wildfire victims
CNN
Jennifer Garner Says She Feels 'Guilty' Walking Through Her House After She 'Lost a Friend' amid Wildfires
People
The most horrific wildfires in recent US history have one key feature in common
Business Insider
See inside a WWII-era U-boat, the only submarine that the US Navy captured intact and towed home
Business Insider
Trump’s Hush-Money Sentencing Could Hit Him Where It Actually Hurts
The New Republic
Canada's former leader Chrétien has blunt advice for Trump: 'Give your head a shake!'
Associated Press
Marisa Tomei Looks like a Glittering Goddess in a Form-Fitting Purple Gown During Her ‘24 Hours in Jeddah'
SheKnows
LA Mayor Karen Bass rejects assistance from FDNY; Newsom accepts help from Mexico crews
Fox News
L.A. Rams QB Matthew Stafford’s Wife Kelly Admits She May Move Out of $40 Million Family Mansion Ahead of NFL Playoffs
Realtor.com
See photos of the high-tech German fighting vehicle poised to strengthen Ukraine's frontline defense
Business Insider
IRS sending out $2.4 billion worth of stimulus checks: Are you eligible to receive one?
USA TODAY
Tarek El Moussa Storms Off HGTV Set After Getting Into Furious On-Air Fight With Wife Heather: ‘World War II’
Realtor.com
Why Some Houses Burn and Others Escape Untouched in California Fires
The Daily Beast
Horrifying Before and After Photos of Celebrities’ L.A. Homes Reveal Brutal Reality of California Wildfire Devastation
Realtor.com
Is NYC congestion pricing working? What we've learned one week in
WNYW
A Fox News Host Went After Her Colleagues On-Air After They Blamed "DEI" For The LA Wildfires
BuzzFeed
Broadcast commentator with perfect 4 words about Steelers poor performance
Steelers Wire
'They just got my uncle': Immigration arrests spark fear among farmworkers in Central Valley
LA Times
I've gone on over 25 cruises. There are 8 types of rooms I'd never book — and one I swear by.
INSIDER
Advertisement
Yahoo!
US
Politics
2024 Election
World
Health
Science
The 360
Contact Us
Originals
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Site Map
Follow us on
Download our app
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yahoo.com/news/bruins-milan-lucic-throws-first-005848585.html 
 ----- 
