MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Why can’t the Astros win at home? Minute Maid Park’s batter’s eye one possibility
By Chandler Rome
Sep 8, 2023

47

For reasons both nefarious and nostalgic, the Astros have long been menacing at Minute Maid Park. They’ve won at least 51 home games and sported at least a .630 home winning percentage in every 162-game season since 2019. The two before it are stained by the electronic sign-stealing scheme Houston engineered from the stadium’s center field wall.

Since the sport learned of it, Houston’s home ballpark has been a safe haven, the one place in the baseball world they’re shown any love. For much of this season, the Astros have not reciprocated.

The Astros will begin their six-game homestand on Friday night with a 35-34 record at Minute Maid Park. Twelve regular-season games remain there. Even if the Astros win all of them, their .580 winning percentage would be their lowest at Minute Maid Park since 2018. After trouncing the Texas Rangers in a three-game sweep this week at Globe Life Field, Houston is 45-27 on the road. Only the Atlanta Braves and Baltimore Orioles have more road wins.

“There shouldn’t be any excuse,” veteran catcher Martín Maldonado said. “As a team, we do the same thing at home that we do on the road — preparation is the same. It’s one of those years where we do the same thing on the road that we do at home.”

Except, of course, win. Entering Thursday, each of baseball’s six division leaders had played at least 68 home games. Only the Astros have won fewer than 40.

Presuming they lose at least once in their final 12 home games, the Astros will finish with their lowest home winning percentage since 2016 — the last year they did not make the playoffs. During the subsequent winter, Minute Maid Park underwent an outfield overhaul. Tal’s Hill came down, the center field fences came in by more than 20 feet and a new, grassy batter’s eye towered above it.

This week, multiple players inside Houston’s clubhouse described that batter’s eye as one possible reason for their struggles at home this season, and all of them stressed that it shouldn’t be used as an excuse. Both teams stare at the same backdrop, after all, but at least two Astros agreed the team has had some trouble seeing the baseball at home.

“It’s like night and day,” one player said of the difference in hitting at Minute Maid Park and on the road, where Houston has an American League-leading .800 OPS.

The Astros have a .734 OPS in 69 games at Minute Maid Park this season. That Jose Altuve has only started 33 of them will dent the numbers, as will José Abreu’s underperformance. Houston signed Abreu this winter in hopes he would seize advantage of the Crawford Boxes and offer more slug in its right-handed heavy lineup.

Abreu has responded with a .617 OPS in 233 plate appearances at Minute Maid Park. Just four of his 14 home runs have come at home. Couple that with Maldonado’s nonexistent offense, Jeremy Peña’s sophomore slump and higher road splits from Yordan Alvarez and Kyle Tucker and a blueprint for the struggles starts to unfold.

	Jose Abreu’s struggles at Minute Maid have certainly contributed to the overall poor numbers. (Kamil Krzaczynski / USA TODAY)

“I think I see the ball all right there,” said outfielder Chas McCormick, who boasts a .948 OPS at home and .854 clip on the road. “There are times where I’m like ‘Whoa, I didn’t see that one,’ but I hear some guys talk about that. It’s kind of hard to see, but I don’t know.”

Minute Maid Park’s batter’s eye has been in place since 2017. Houston’s home OPS numbers have declined in each 162-game season since 2019 — .848 (2019), .783 (2021) and .743 (2022). This season, opponents are slashing .254/.325/.417 for a .742 OPS at Minute Maid Park. Houston’s starting pitchers have a 4.14 home ERA and the team’s 3.97 ERA is its highest at home since a 3.80 mark in 2021. Five of Houston’s eight extra-inning losses have occurred at Minute Maid Park, too.

One player described the batter’s eye as “not high enough” with “too much stuff behind it.” A Budweiser sign and some television screens on the right side create problems, too, the player said.

Left-handed pitchers are particularly difficult to see against the batter’s eye, according to two players, but the team does have an .832 OPS and .475 slugging percentage against southpaws at Minute Maid Park this season. Right-handers are holding Houston to a .241/.313/.383 slash line at home. Only the Tigers, White Sox, Giants and A’s have a lower OPS against right-handed pitching at home.

In 2018, The Athletic’s Eno Sarris analyzed how differently Minute Maid Park played without Tal’s Hill. Former designated hitter Evan Gattis told Sarris “there’s shit going on in center field” (Major League Baseball did conclude that Houston electronically stole signs at home during parts of the season).

“I don’t know if that’s it, or what,” Gattis continued, referring to the so-called s— in center field.  “I try my best to put it out of my mind and not think about it, but it’s hard to hit here, especially right-handed hitters.”

More recently, Sarris studied a recent change at San Diego’s Petco Park, which in 2022 went from an all-black batter’s eye to ivy, giving it a look similar to that of Minute Maid Park since 2017.

Perhaps fittingly, Houston will welcome the Padres to Minute Maid Park for Friday’s homestand opener in one of their final chances to correct a season of poor home play.

“I have no clue (why), I just know we’ve executed better and played better on the road,” third baseman Alex Bregman said. “No idea. We need to clean that up and be better at home.”

(Top photo of the eye: Leslie Plaza Johnson / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images)

Chandler Rome is a Staff Writer for The Athletic covering the Houston Astros. Before joining The Athletic, he covered the Astros for five years at the Houston Chronicle. He is a graduate of Louisiana State University. Follow Chandler on Twitter @Chandler_Rome

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4843373/2023/09/08/astros-minute-maid-park-poor-record/ 
 ----- 
