By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Accept
Aa
CHIPOLOPOLO
Grant explains why 1-0 win over Chad was most enjoyable victory with Zambia
The Chipolopolo trainer has given an explanation for why Tuesday's win over Chad was the most enjoyable.
Calvin Kaumba Chikenge
Published October 16, 2024
Share
3 Min Read
Zambia National Team coach Avram Grant. (Photo via FAZ media)

Tuesday’s 1-0 victory over a stubborn Chad gave Zambia their second win in the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (AfCON) qualifiers.

A second-half goal from Kennedy Musonda in the 70th minute and a crucial penalty save from Toaster Nsabata six minutes before full time was all the Chipolopolo needed to maintain their second place in Group G.

Sponsored Ad

Coach Avram Grant said after the game that, despite missing some of his key players, his team won and it was the most enjoyable victory with Zambia.

“I am very happy. This victory is one of the most enjoyable victories that we had because of the circumstances we played,” the Israeli gaffer told a post-match press conference. “ Now I can say, I didn’t want to say this before; we played without eight of our starting eleven players. Most of them were injured in the last two weeks in their clubs. So to play like this and keep the harmony and the atmosphere and the organization so well, like we did today, I am very happy.”

Zambia National Team coach Avram Grant celebrating victory over Chad in the 2025 AfCON qualifiers with players and FAZ officials on October 15, 2024, in Yaounde, Cameroon. (Photo via FAZ media)

While Miguel Chaiwa, Stopilla Sunzu, Lameck Banda, Edward Chilufya, Lubambo Musonda, and goalkeeper Lawrence Mulenge were all sidelined with various injuries, Zambia was without their star striker Patson Daka of Leicester City, who is still recuperating from ankle surgery.

‘We deserve to qualify’ – Grant

The Chipolopolo Boys are second in Group G with 7 points, trailing leaders Ivory Coast, who have 9 points, while Sierra Leone is third with four points after shockingly beating the Elephants 1-0 last night. Chad is last with two points.

Grant’s side will host Ivory Coast on November 11 before finishing the qualifiers away to Sierra Leone four days later. They need at least four points from the remaining two games to secure qualification.

“I think we’re in a good position, but still we have two games to go and we need to finish it and reach our target to be in Africa [qualify for AfCON] for the second time [in a row] because I think we deserve to be there,” said Grant.

READ MORE: “We don’t have to dance too much”- Nsabata cautions teammates after rescuing Chipolopolo against Chad

Sponsored Ad
You Might Also Like
 Zambian Players Abroad Weekend Wrap | Kings Kangwa On Fire In Israel
 Kennedy Mweene Gets Promotion At Mamelodi Sundowns
 Zambian FA Focused On CHAN Preps Despite Protests In Maputo
 Given Singuluma Tips Wada Wada To Deliver CHAN Qualification
 FC Muza’s Kelvin Mwanza reacts to national team call-up for CHAN
Sign Up For Promotions!
Subscribe with your cellphone number and get access to exclusive content, launches, promotions and partner giveaways!
By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge the data practices in our Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Share this Article
Facebook
Posted by Calvin Kaumba Chikenge
Follow:
Calvin Kaumba Chikenge is an award-winning Zambian multimedia sports journalist well known for his exclusive stories and feature writing. He was voted 2023/24 MTN/FAZ Super League journalist of the year. In addition to reporting on sports for Spring TV, he interned for the Zambia Daily Mail newspaper. He has contributed to numerous international publications, including the Guardian in the UK, and is currently the editor of BolaNews.
PREVIOUS ARTICLE
Kelvin Kapumbu returns to Zanaco after premature stint in Israel
NEXT ARTICLE
Tuchel unveiled as new England coach, reacts to his appointment
Follow Us
58.3k
Followers
Like
4.5k
Followers
Follow
1.3k
Followers
Follow
Youtube
Subscribe
Latest News
Barbra Banda’s former youth coach reacts to CAF POTY
Copper Queens
December 17, 2024
Prison Leopards applauded for Qualifying For 2025 ABSA Cup
Zambia National Division One League
December 17, 2024
All CAF 2024 Award Winners: Lookman, Banda Scoop Ultimate Awards
Soccer
December 17, 2024
Barbra Banda wins 2024 CAF POTY
Women's Football
December 16, 2024
//
Bolanews is your best bet when it comes to soccer news. Get previews, results and predictions from the experts here.
Sign Up For Promotions!

Subscribe with your cellphone number and get access to exclusive content, launches, promotions and partner giveaways!

Follow US

© 2022 Bolanews.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://bolanews.co/soccer/chipolopolo/grant-explains-why-1-0-win-over-chad-was-most-enjoyable-victory-with-zambia/ 
 ----- 
