MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Malik Monk, Domantas Sabonis lead dominant Kings past Stephen Curry and Warriors, 129-99
Published Jan. 5, 2025 10:54 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Malik Monk had 26 points and 12 assists, Domantas Sabonis contributed 22 points, 13 rebounds and seven assists, and the Sacramento Kings dominated the Golden State Warriors 129-99 on Sunday night for their fourth straight win despite playing without leading scorer De'Aaron Fox.

The Kings never trailed, led 75-51 at halftime and didn't look back — with many frustrated home fans heading early for the Chase Center exits while Sacramento's lively contingent chanted “Let's go Kings!”

Stephen Curry scored 26 to go with seven rebounds after resting the first night of a back-to-back Saturday against the Grizzlies, and Andrew Wiggins added 18 points.

This marked Sacramento's first visit to Chase Center since coach Mike Brown — the former top assistant for Golden State — was dismissed Dec. 27 following a 13-18 start. Warriors coach Steve Kerr continued to express his “shock” over good friend Brown's firing. Doug Christie is interim coach.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link
Takeaways

Kings: Fox bruised a glute muscle when he fell hard on a flagrant foul by Memphis big man Jaren Jackson Jr. ... Sacramento hit 10 of its initial 17 shots — 5 for 9 on 3s — to go ahead 25-14.

Warriors: Forward Jonathan Kuminga will be sidelined for at least three weeks with a sprained right ankle he injured against Memphis on Saturday night.

Key moment

Curry had a dazzling stretch but it was one of few highlights for his team. With 9:44 left in the second quarter, the first of Curry's two four-point plays got Golden State back within 40-29. Draymond Green hit from deep the next time down to make it an eight-point game before Curry converted another four-point play after a foul by Sabonis.

Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon
|
Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Lessons learned at the Vogue Business Future of Shopping Summit
CIO | Google & Shopify
|
Sponsored
2024 NFL Wild Card picks, predictions: Back Russell Wilson Under passing yards
Geoff Schwartz is back with his best bets for Wild Card Weekend. Find out why he's backing the Bucs to cover the first half and how he's wagering on Russell Wilson's passing yards.
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
Key stat

A night after dishing out 32 assists, the Warriors were held to 22.

Up next

The Kings host the Heat on Monday in a back-to-back, while the Warriors take on Miami on Tuesday night to finish their six-game homestand.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBA

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 NBA Mock Draft 1.0: Debate at the top with Cooper Flagg and Dylan Harper
'I was not prepared for what I saw': Lakers coach JJ Redick details devastation from Palisades Fire
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Sacramento Kings
Malik Monk
Domantas Sabonis
National Basketball Association
Draymond Green
Jonathan Kuminga
Jaren Jackson Jr.
Andrew Wiggins
De'Aaron Fox
Stephen Curry
Domantas Sabonis
Malik Monk
Sacramento Kings
Golden State Warriors
NBA - Sacramento Kings vs. Golden State Warriors - 01/06/2025
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/malik-monk-domantas-sabonis-lead-dominant-kings-past-stephen-curry-and-warriors-12999 
 ----- 
