Latest News
UCDA hands over operations to Agric
Home / SPORTS / Uganda Cranes take on Kuwait today
Uganda Cranes take on Kuwait today

The Independent January 19, 2024 SPORTS Leave a comment

Cranes in final training yesterday

Cairo, Egypt | THE INDEPENDENT |  Uganda Cranes will today play their first 2024 International friendly against Kuwait in Cairo, Egypt.

The squad, comprised solely of players from the domestic league – the Uganda Premier League, departed on Monday after a week of intensive preparations. This will be Coach Paul Put’s third game since assuming the role.

Uganda ranked 92nd by FIFA and Kuwait 136th, will be meeting for the first time, and both teams want to start their rivalry off well. Since defeating Tajikistan in March 2022, Uganda has lost its last four friendlies, conceding nine goals and scoring twice, while Kuwait has won eight of their last ten friendlies.

Just like Uganda Cranes which failed to qualify for the 2024 Africa Cup of Nations, Kuwait equally failed to make it to the ongoing AFC Asian Cup after finishing third in Group A of the qualifiers back in June 2022.

The match serves as a test for the local-based players ahead of the FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Botswana in June. Unfortunately, Uganda Cranes will be without the services of experienced midfielder Milton Karisa and Umar Lutalo, who withdrew from the team due to injuries, as confirmed by FUFA.

The Cranes squad in Cairo includes goalkeepers Hannington Ssebwalunyo and Tom Ikara. Defenders include Kenneth Semakula, Gavin Kizito Mugweri, Rashid Okocha, Patrick Bayiga, Rogers Torach, Livingstone Mulondo, Nicholas Mweere, and Hudu Mulikyi.

Midfielders include Ronald Ssekiganda, Ashiraf Mugume, Bright Anukani, Ramz Kawooya, Laban Tibiita, and Allan Oyirwoth while forwards include Nelson Senkatuka, Alex Kitatta, Denis Omedi, Usama Arafat Kiza, Patrick Jonah Kakande, and Muhammad Shaban.

***

URN

Share on:
WhatsApp
Share
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google +
 LinkedIn

Tags CRANES KUWAIT

Related Articles
 
Wayne Rooney sacked as coach of second tier Plymouth

January 1, 2025

 
FIFA’s human rights policy

December 30, 2024

 
A Year of legacy and innovation: The Olympic Movement in 2024

December 29, 2024

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

The last Word
Kagame does it again
December 20, 2024
Requiem for America’s democracy
December 13, 2024
A requiem for Europe
December 7, 2024
SPECIAL SECTIONS
Tourism
Entertainment
Videos
Rwanda
Supplement
Opinion
Uganda Talks
Last Word
Guest Column
Comment
Opinion
Insight
Features & Society
Features
Society
Motoring
Other Links
The News Today
Business
Webmail
Powered by The Independent | Designed by GOICT
© Copyright 2025, All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.independent.co.ug/uganda-cranes-take-on-kuwait-today/ 
 ----- 
