Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
9 games you need to watch during the October international break
October's international break throws out some fascinating matches
Nations League, World Cup qualifying and friendlies all being played
90min runs through nine must-watch clashes
By Tom Gott | Oct 10, 2024
Pulisic, Messi & Kane are all in action / Dylan Buell | Carl Kafka/ISI Photos | Crystal Pix/MB Media/Getty Images

It feels like it was only yesterday that we were sitting through an international break. FIFA's new-and-apparently-improved calendar is bringing about near-monthly stoppages for national teams to take centre-stage...yay.

While many fans share the fatigue expressed by concerned players, the truth is that October's international pause does include a handful of mouthwatering fixtures to keep fans interested.

Here are nine games worth keeping an eye on before the return of club football.

1. Saudi Arabia vs Japan
Roberto Mancini is the Saudi Arabia manager / Fred Lee/GettyImages

When? Thursday 10 October, 19:00 BST / 14:00 ET / 11:00 PT

Kicking things off, we have a clash between two of the heavyweights of Asian football. Saudi Arabia, now led by Roberto Mancini, are looking to claim top spot in their World Cup qualification group.

To get there, they'll have to beat current leaders Japan, who have enjoyed a perfect start to qualification. Samurai Blue have scored a boatload of goals so far, so expect plenty of fun from start to finish.

2. Italy vs Belgium
Trossard will hope to inspire a much-needed victory / James Gill - Danehouse/GettyImages

When? Thursday 10 October, 19:45 BST / 14:45 ET / 11:45 PT

Two of FIFA's top 10 butt heads on Thursday when Italy welcome Belgium to Rome's Stadio Olimpico.

Italy have flown off to a hot start in a group which also includes fellow heavy hitters France, with their new era going swimmingly so far as Luciano Spalletti's side seek to forget their failure at Euro 2024.

Trending in the opposite direction are Belgium. Performances on the pitch haven't been great and there are serious questions being asked about some of their ageing stars, as well as manager Domenico Tedesco. A poor result here could prompt major changes.

3. England vs Greece
Bellingham is fit and back in the fold / Marc Atkins/GettyImages

When? Thursday 10 October, 19:45 BST / 14:45 ET / 11:45 PT

England and Greece both have perfect records so far in Nations League qualification, but that's about to change.

The Three Lions are obvious favourites to sweep the floor with the rest of the teams playing in the second tier of Nations League football, but Lee Carsley will demand full focus from his injury-hit group to ensure no slip-ups.

4. Gibraltar vs San Marino
San Marino won a game / Jonathan Moscrop/GettyImages

When? Thursday 10 October, 19:45 BST / 14:45 ET / 11:45 PT

Gibraltar are on a hot run of form right now, avoiding defeat in three games after a run of 13 straight losses without scoring, but they're up against a San Marino side still riding a wave of positivity after their first competitive win ever.

These are two minnows who will sense the chance to snatch a rare win, so expect an entertaining affair.

5. Venezuela vs Argentina
Messi is back in action / Carmen Mandato/GettyImages

When? Thursday 10 October, 22:00 BST / 17:00 ET / 14:00 PT

Reigning world champions Argentina are already on the cusp of sealing their spot at 2026's tournament in North America, needing just two wins from two gamesthis month to advance at this early stage.

While they would usually be overwhelmingly heavy favourites to sweep aside Venezuela, the hosts have made some serious noise so far in qualification, losing only two of their opening ten games and taking points off Uruguay last time out. They also beat Mexico and drew with Canada at the Copa America and are a force to be reckoned with right now.

6. Spain vs Denmark
Lamine Yamal is already a star for his country / Soccrates Images/GettyImages

When? Saturday 12 October, 19:45 BST / 14:45 ET / 11:45 PT

Denmark may be slightly below the upper echelon of European titans, but it is Kasper Hjulmand's side who sit top of their Nations League group after 2-0 victories over Serbia and Switzerland last time out.

Spain are playing catch-up after surprisingly being held by Serbia, but a win here would go a long way to reminding any doubters why they are reigning European champions.

7. Belgium vs France
France beat Belgium last month / Franco Arland/GettyImages

When? Monday 14 October, 19:45 BST / 14:45 ET / 11:45 PT

Belgium's international break doesn't get any easier. Four days after their trip to Italy, they welcome France back to Stade Roi Baudouin.

France won 2-0 when these two sides met in the last international break, with that result sparking a massive wave of criticism towards Belgium. The hosts will be out for revenge, and that should make this a must-watch.

8. Germany vs Netherlands
Round 2 between Germany and Netherlands / Lars Baron/GettyImages

When? Monday 14 October, 19:45 BST / 14:45 ET / 11:45 PT

At the same time, there's another mammoth contest going on in Germany, with longstanding rivals Netherlands heading to Munich for another round of Nations League action.

They played out an entertaining 2-2 draw last month, sharing 32 shots between them in a real display of attacking endeavour, but both will hope to take home three points and stamp their authority on the group.

9. Mexico vs USA
United States beat Mexico earlier this year / Click Thompson/GettyImages

When? Wednesday 16 October, 03:30 BST / 22:30 ET* / 19:30 PT

It's a friendly in name and name alone. Mexico take on the United States in the latest round of this famous rivalry with some of the final action of the international break.

The United States are on a seven-game unbeaten streak against Mexico, including a 2-0 win in the CONCACAF Nations League final earlier this year. It's been five years since Mexico managed to stop their foes, and while they technically shouldn't really care about a friendly, the bragging rights from a win are too enticing to dismiss.

*Tuesday 15 October

READ THE LATEST NEWS, TRANSFER RUMOURS AND MATCH REACTION
•
Report: Man Utd show 'most concrete' interest among suitors for PSG striker
•
6 key takeaways from WSL gameweek 10
•
Harry Maguire reveals status of Man Utd contract talks
•
Kylian Mbappe gives William Saliba verdict after winning French Player of the Year
•
Bizarre contract twist for leading Real Madrid & Man City target
Related Topics
World Cup - France
England
Nations League
World Cup - Spain
World Cup - Germany
FIFA
World Cup - Argentina
Home
/
International Football
Sponsored content
About
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Contact Us
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Sitemap
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2024 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.90min.com/features/9-games-you-need-to-watch-october-international-break-2024 
 ----- 
