CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Football
Palestine give South Korea scare in World Cup qualifying stalemate

Published: 05 Sep 2024 - 04:28 pm | Last Updated: 05 Sep 2024 - 04:32 pm

Palestine's players pose for a team photo during the FIFA World Cup 2026 Asia zone qualifiers football match between South Korea and Palestine in Seoul on September 5, 2024. (Photo by Jung Yeon-je / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
AFP

Seoul: Palestine gave South Korea a major scare in an entertaining 0-0 away draw on Thursday as they attempt to reach the World Cup for the first time.

Making their debut in the third stage of Asian qualifying and 96 in FIFA's rankings to South Korea's 23, Palestine refused to be overawed for much of an open contest in Seoul.

Palestine play their home matches abroad, usually in the Middle East, because of the war in Gaza.

The local league has been suspended and many of the players are without a club.

Despite those obstacles, they thought they had taken the lead in the 22nd minute at the 66,000-capacity Seoul World Cup Stadium, only for the goal to be correctly ruled out for off-side.

The hosts, under their fourth coach this year with Hong Myung-bo, looked shaky at the back and were struggling to get their talisman and skipper Son Heung-min into the game.

Their best chance of an even first half fell to Lee Kang-in, but Palestinian goalkeeper Rami Hamadeh just about kept out the Paris Saint-Germain player's well-struck close-range effort.

The Palestinians appeared to tire in the second half and were restricted to rare breakaways.

Lee was again guilty of missing a glorious chance when he shot wildly, then was denied with a 74th-minute freekick that Hamadeh tipped over the bar.

Oday Dabbagh then went close for the visitors on the break, before Spurs star Son rattled the outside of the post in the dying minutes.

But Palestine held on for a precious point and were good value for the draw.

Under their Tunisian coach Makram Daboub the Palestinian team have reached new heights this year.

At this year's Asian Cup, they won a game for the first time in the history of the competition, defeating Hong Kong 3-0.

That put them into the knockout rounds of the tournament, another first, before going down 2-1 to hosts and eventual champions Qatar.

The squad trained in Malaysia for the South Korea game and will return there to prepare for their next qualifier, against Jordan in Kuala Lumpur on Tuesday, in what is nominally a home match.

They reached this stage of qualifying for the World Cup for the first time by coming second behind Australia in their group, winning two, losing two and drawing two of their six matches.
 

Formula One
Isack Hadjar to make F1 debut for Red Bull feeder team in 2025
New Zealander Lawson replaces Perez at Red Bull
Sergio Perez leaves Red Bull F1 team
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
NBA
Mavs star Doncic out for month with calf injury: reports
Lakers pip Warriors after another LeBron-Curry classic
Davis, James spark Lakers over Spurs while Cavs stay perfect
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich sidelined indefinitely with undisclosed illness

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Qatar weather: Misty to foggy until midweek
Ministry of Public Health urges precaution against viral respiratory infections during winter
Ronaldo slams 'unfair' Ballon d'Or result after Vinicius snub
Israel continues to violate ceasefire agreement with Lebanon
Senegal closes all foreign military bases 
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
Carlsen quits chess championship after jeans row
Abbas, Shahzad rock South Africa at start of chase
Thousands flee Mozambique post-vote violence to Malawi
Gaza's Kamal Adwan hospital 'now empty': WHO
Doha Today
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (December 26-28, 2024)
Souq Al Wakra’s Jarnen restaurant unveils unique themed Syrian Brunch
Homecentre opens new store in Doha Mall
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2024   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/05/09/2024/palestine-give-south-korea-scare-in-world-cup-qualifying-stalemate 
 ----- 
