Arab News Thursday .  December 26, 2024
Search
 
     
LATEST NEWS
Middle-East
Business & Economy
Saudi Arabia
Israeli incursion into Wadi Al-Hujeir raises fears of revived Israeli buffer zone
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
Palestine give South Korea scare in World Cup qualifying stalemate
Palestine give South Korea scare in World Cup qualifying stalemate
South Korea’s Son Heung-min (C) fights for the ball with Palestine’s Attaa Jaber (L) and Musab Battat (R) during their FIFA World Cup 2026 Asia zone qualifiers match in Seoul on Sept. 5, 2024. (AFP)
Short Url

https://arab.news/gy42g

Making their debut in the third stage of Asian qualifying and 96 in FIFA’s rankings to South Korea’s 23, Palestine refused to be overawed for much of an open contest in Seoul
Palestine play their home matches abroad, usually in the Middle East, because of the war in Gaza
Updated 05 September 2024
AFP
September 05, 2024 16:53
303
     
 Follow

SEOUL: Palestine gave South Korea a major scare in an entertaining 0-0 away draw on Thursday as they attempt to reach the World Cup for the first time.

	

For the latest updates, follow us @ArabNewsSport

Making their debut in the third stage of Asian qualifying and 96 in FIFA’s rankings to South Korea’s 23, Palestine refused to be overawed for much of an open contest in Seoul.
Palestine play their home matches abroad, usually in the Middle East, because of the war in Gaza.
The local league has been suspended and many of the players are without a club.
Despite those obstacles, they thought they had taken the lead in the 22nd minute at the 66,000-capacity Seoul World Cup Stadium, only for the goal to be correctly ruled out for off-side.
The hosts, under their fourth coach this year with Hong Myung-bo, looked shaky at the back and were struggling to get their talisman and skipper Son Heung-min into the game.
Their best chance of an even first half fell to Lee Kang-in, but Palestinian goalkeeper Rami Hamadeh just about kept out the Paris Saint-Germain player’s well-struck close-range effort.
The Palestinians appeared to tire in the second half and were restricted to rare breakaways.
Lee was again guilty of missing a glorious chance when he shot wildly, then was denied with a 74th-minute freekick that Hamadeh tipped over the bar.
Oday Dabbagh then went close for the visitors on the break, before Spurs star Son rattled the outside of the post in the dying minutes.
But Palestine held on for a precious point and were good value for the draw.
Under their Tunisian coach Makram Daboub the Palestinian team have reached new heights this year.
At this year’s Asian Cup, they won a game for the first time in the history of the competition, defeating Hong Kong 3-0.
That put them into the knockout rounds of the tournament, another first, before going down 2-1 to hosts and eventual champions Qatar.
The squad trained in Malaysia for the South Korea game and will return there to prepare for their next qualifier, against Jordan in Kuala Lumpur on Tuesday, in what is nominally a home match.
They reached this stage of qualifying for the World Cup for the first time by coming second behind Australia in their group, winning two, losing two and drawing two of their six matches.

       Follow
Topics: WAR ON GAZA FIFA WORLD CUP 2026 QUALIFIER PALESTINE SOUTH KOREA SON HEUNG-MIN
You May Also Like
Travel Oregon This Winter
Travel Oregon
Islamic military coalition training program focuses on hazardous risks
arabnews
20% Off Roadie® 24 Hard Cooler
YETI Coolers
Foreign policy reboot strengthens Turkiye’s hand
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 328
Palestinian soccer team plans to play World Cup qualifiers in the West Bank
 492
Palestinian soccer team prepares for World Cup qualifying games against a backdrop of war
Rafael Nadal motivated to ‘create beautiful project’ for tennis in Saudi Arabia
Rafael Nadal spent some time in Jeddah last weekend as part of his role as Saudi Tennis Federation ambassador. (Supplied)
Spanish legend and STF ambassador believes Kingdom’s sports development and youth engagement is moving in the right direction
Updated 26 December 2024
REEM ABULLEIL
December 26, 2024 16:42
1093
     

JEDDAH: Rafael Nadal said he “would really like” to bring his academy to Saudi Arabia but that nothing is yet set in stone, with conversations still in the early stages between his team and tennis officials in the Kingdom.

The former world No. 1 and 22-time Grand Slam champion spent some time in Jeddah last weekend as part of his role as Saudi Tennis Federation ambassador.

Nadal attended the last two days of the Next Gen ATP Finals at King Abdullah Sports City and took part in a host of community activities, including clinics and meet and greets, as he continues to familiarize himself with the tennis ecosystem in Saudi Arabia.

The Rafa Nadal Academy, based in Nadal’s hometown of Manacor in Mallorca, has been expanding to various locations around the globe, with operations in Mexico, Greece and Hong Kong, as well as two bases in the Middle East in Kuwait and Egypt.

Could Saudi Arabia be next?

“We are in conversation, nothing is done. Of course, it will be a great motivation to bring my people here, to create a beautiful project in that matter, where girls, boys, adults, can go and have a place to enjoy, to feel themselves in their club,” Nadal told Arab News.

“But it’s something that is a little bit green and it’s too soon to talk about it. But I know they are in conversation and let’s see what’s going on in the future. But of course, for me, it’s something I would really like.”

Nadal was announced as a new ambassador for the STF in January 2024, and has since made three visits to the Kingdom, including taking part in the Six Kings Slam showpiece in Riyadh two months ago alongside the likes of Novak Djokovic, Jannik Sinner and Carlos Alcaraz.

The 38-year-old Spaniard has visited the Gulf region many times since he made his Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships debut in 2004 and feels a connection with this part of the world.

“I really like the way that the people here treat us every time we come here. In some way, in Spain we have a lot of similarities back in the history. So I enjoyed it,” said Nadal, reflecting on his two decades of visiting the Middle East.  

“I enjoyed playing in this part of the world, I had fun, and in general terms, I feel lucky that I was able to know all these places, countries, and because of tennis I was able to know different cultures all around the world and this one I’m happy to learn more and more.”

Nadal sent fans into a frenzy during his meet-and-greet sessions at the Next Gen ATP Finals last weekend, with queues extending from one end of the fan zone to the other, packed with supporters desperate for a signature from the Spanish legend.

He led a children’s clinic on the clay courts at Racquet Space tennis club and attended the trophy ceremony of the U14 ATF tournament staged at the King Abdullah Sports City tennis courts.

He shared some words of wisdom with Saudi Arabia’s Davis Cup team, a group of junior wheelchair tennis players, and some of the up-and-coming ATP stars competing in the Next Gen Finals tournament.

“I am still learning, of course, this is only my third time here. Every time I come, I am able to know a bit more,” Nadal said of his experiences so far in Saudi Arabia.  

“I was able to visit the historic old town in Jeddah this time. And I try to receive all the information, to really know the information from the people who really live here, and from the people who live here and are not Saudis, so it’s important to understand how their lives are here, being from a different part (of the world).

“And the message that I received always is really positive. They are very happy, they are following the opening of the country that has witnessed a huge change in the last seven years.”

Nadal added: “Of course nothing can be done from zero to 100 because the culture and the population cannot absorb all these changes in a short period of time. But I am really happy to see young people playing tennis, practicing the sport, and I think it’s the right move.

“Saudi is a very big country, with 35 million people, a very young population that I think having all these great events here encourages the young population here to practice and do sport and that’s great news. Because a sporting community is a healthy community and I really believe the country is moving in that direction and that’s very positive.”

As a long-time friend of footballer Cristiano Ronaldo, who joined Riyadh club Al-Nassr two years ago, Nadal is hoping to catch up with the Portuguese star in the Kingdom soon.

“I didn’t speak to Cristiano about that, hopefully next time I will be in Riyadh we can be in touch and meet each other,” Nadal said. “The last couple of times I have been here, we didn’t have the chance. But I am sure that in the future we will be together, at some point.”

Nadal officially retired from professional tennis last month at the Davis Cup Finals in Malaga and a docu-series detailing the final season of his career is scheduled for release on Netflix in 2025.

A collaborative production between Netflix and Skydance Sports, the docu-series “will include unprecedented access with Nadal throughout his comeback to competitive play in the 2024 season after sitting out much of 2023 due to injury” the streaming platform announced last week.  

0 seconds of 2 minutes, 5 secondsVolume 0%
 

Skydance founder and CEO David Ellison is one of the producers of the docu-series and the son of billionaire Larry Ellison, who owns the Indian Wells Masters tennis tournament.

“I think it’s going to be something interesting, that people are going to know more about my personal life, my daily life trying to come back. And of course they’re going to know more about my career, even if it’s very well known around, but to know a little bit more from inside, something that has never been talked about before,” Nadal said of the upcoming project.

“So I’m excited to see the final result, we have been working very hard. I always have been a little bit against doing this stuff but a great team like Skydance team and David Ellison called me and presented to me the project and at the end it was a fast decision and it was a big help of the family, the team, the tournaments, the rest of the players accepting that, and I am sure, and I hope that the people will like it.”

Just one month into his retirement, Nadal admits he is still getting used to life without tennis but he knows he will stay close to the sport, be it through his academy, his foundation, his role as STF ambassador, or any other capacity.

Would he consider coaching another player in future?

“You never say never,” the Spaniard said.

“Today it’s too early to think about this kind of stuff. I just need to organize my life. Now I don’t see myself in any project like this, but I don’t know how life is going to be in one, two, three years.”

       Follow
Topics: RAFAEL NADAL SAUDI ARABIA TENNIS SAUDI TENNIS FEDERATION AMBASSADOR
You May Also Like
Visit Oregon with our Local Guides
Travel Oregon
Humanitarian disaster in Yemen could get even worse if attacks by Israel continue, UN warns
arabnews
All Electric Cars for Seniors (Great Deals Now)
PopularSearches | Search Ads
Ex-Turkiye boss Terim named Al-Shabab coach
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 545
‘I have left a legacy’: Nadal retires from tennis
 543
Rafael Nadal loses at the Davis Cup in what could be his last match
Cricket’s imbalanced financial structure continues to favor handful of powerful nations
The International Cricket Council, under new chair Jay Shah, has opportunity to promote India as a uniter and grower of the game
Updated 26 December 2024
JON PIKE
December 26, 2024 12:13
632
     

Last week an article written in 2012 caught my eye. It commented on a 9 percent decline in the number of television viewers watching the Indian Premier League. This led to a recommendation that the IPL should join forces with the International Cricket Council to form a World Cricket League, featuring teams from around the world.

In retrospect, the suggestion appears bizarre. The IPL has since become the powerhouse that has propelled India to dominance in cricket’s global political economy. The recommendation ought to be a warning to those who try to predict the game’s future landscape.

It is clear that India’s dominance shows little sign of waning for the foreseeable future. Au contraire, it is set to grow further with the appointment of Jay Shah as chair of the ICC. Previously, Shah was secretary of the Board of Control for Cricket in India between October 2019 and December 2024. During that time, he was instrumental in shaping the current ICC financial model. This massively favors India.

Confirmation was revealed at the ICC annual conference in July 2023, with India set to receive almost 40 percent of ICC revenues in the 2024 to 2027 cycle. How much will actually be earned depends upon the broadcasting revenues that will be realized. Initial estimates indicate that the BCCI could earn $230 million out of a total pot of some $600 million annually. This is a significant increase compared with the 2016 to 2023 cycle, in which the BCCI’s share from the ICC’s central revenue pool totaled $405 million.

By way of comparison, the England and Wales Cricket Board is set to receive $41 million annually, 6.89 percent of the total pot, followed by Cricket Australia with $37.53 million, or 6.25 percent. Only one other board, Pakistan’s, is set to receive over $30 million annually, with $34.51 million or 5.75 percent. The other eight full members will receive a total of $189 million, an average of $24 million each. This leaves $67.5 million, around 11 percent of the pot, to be shared between the 96 associate members.

The contribution to national board income is not easy to estimate. First, this is partly because the criteria or “component weightings” used in the model are opaque. They are based on contribution to the global game both on and off the field. This embraces cricket history, performance in both men’s and women’s ICC events over the last 16 years, contribution to the ICC’s commercial revenue and an equal weightage for full members, quoted as 8.3 percent.

It is clear from the figures above that the other criteria amend the equal weighting. India’s claim that it contributes between 70 and 80 percent of the ICC’s revenue is well recognized in its allocation, whereas that for all other full members is below the base weighting.

A second reason is that the ICC’s annual income is based on the estimated earnings for future years. The majority of these derive from sales of media rights. In the 2024 to 2031 cycle, rights for ICC events were sold for $3.2 billion with $3 billion paid by Disney Star for the Indian market. Effectively, these funds bankroll cricket. In this context, the criticality of matches between India and Pakistan becomes apparent, as highlighted in the recent fracas between them over the 2025 Champions Trophy.

A third reason is that the payments are not uniform. New Zealand Cricket’s report and accounts for the year ending July 31, 2024, note that the distribution of monies from the ICC tends to be heavily weighted toward the end of the cycle. The final wash-up payment from the previous cycle, for example, was received around May 2024, placing it in the 2023 to 2024 financial year.

The NZC’s income in 2022 to 2023 and 2023 to 2024, has been NZ$97 million and NZ$98 million, equivalent to around $55 million. If a similar figure is assumed for 2024 to 2025 then the ICC income of between $24 million and $28 million represents half of its revenue stream. In comparison, the England and Wales Cricket Board has an annual income of around $388 million. Therefore, its $41 million from the ICC is 11 percent of its income, a lower dependency than that of New Zealand. However, 75 percent of its revenues is derived from sales of broadcasting rights, emphasizing its fragile financial structure.

India has no such vulnerability. Its 2023 to 2024 income of 7.574 crore rupees — fast approaching $1 billion — dwarfs that of all other ICC members. This represents a massive contribution to the game across all criteria. On the other hand, that amount of power and influence distort other outcomes. One of these is growth amongst associate members. Many of them are ambitious but are hamstrung by a lack of funds. An example is the Netherlands.

Recently, its governing body, the Koninklijke Nederlandse Cricket Bond, has seemingly pulled back from its ambition to become an ICC full member, because of a budgetary shortfall. Its team has often caused upsets against full members but, unlike the ICC’s full members, the governing body is not guaranteed a slice of the world revenue. This is contingent on qualification for global events, position on white-ball rankings tables and performance on the ICC’s development scorecard. This pits associate members in direct competition with one another, with financial uncertainty a deterrent to potential sponsors.

There is an opportunity for the ICC, under Shah, to promote India as a uniter and grower of the game. This could involve a greater sharing of broadcasting incomes, allowing its teams to play smaller full members and emerging countries, as well as opening new territories and markets. Shah appears to be putting great store by the Olympics to focus on the latter.

There is little indication, so far, that there is any prospect for associate members to receive additional funding to encourage their development. Perhaps this is deliberate. Power clearly rests with India. When with the BCCI, Shah was a key player in negotiating broadcast rights. He carries those connections into the ICC. The recent merger between Disney and Reliance in India severely reduces competition in the market for broadcast rights.

In the next cycle, further concentration of power can be expected, with small pickings for those outside of the inner circle.

       Follow
Topics: JON PIKE CRICKET COLUMN CRICKET
RELATED
 190
Cricket’s corruption problem remains an ongoing concern
 214
Pakistan to face India in cricket showpiece event in Dubai
Bowlers bring Pakistan back into first Test in South Africa
Kamran Ghulam, Mohammad Rizwan remain unbeaten on 23, 10 respectively
South Africa reached 82-3 at stumps after Khurram Shahzad took two, Mohammad Abbas claimed one wicket
Updated 26 December 2024
AFP
December 26, 2024 11:48
112
     

CENTURION: Pakistan’s bowlers hit back after the tourists were bowled out for 211 on the first day of the first Test against South Africa at SuperSport Park on Thursday.
Khurram Shahzad struck twice and Mohammad Abbas claimed a late wicket as South Africa reached 82 for three at the close.
Dane Paterson and debutant Corbin Bosch did most of the damage for South Africa after Pakistan were sent in to bat on a well-grassed pitch.
Paterson, enjoying a late-career surge at the age of 35, took five for 61 — his second five-wicket haul in successive Tests — while Bosch took four for 63.
Kamran Ghulam made a counter-attacking 54 off 71 balls for Pakistan.
Bosch claimed a wicket with his first ball in Test cricket when Pakistan captain Shan Masood edged a drive to Marco Jansen at fourth slip after Masood and Saim Ayub put on 36 for the first wicket.
The openers batted patiently in the first hour but the tempo of the innings changed after Masood’s dismissal.
Pakistan coach Aaqib Javed said in a pre-match television interview that he didn’t expect a significant difference in approach from his players after they beat South Africa 3-0 in a one-day series which ended on Sunday.
Javed reasoned that it was the sort of pitch on which positive stroke play was required to score runs in seam-friendly conditions.
It seemed the majority of Pakistan’s batsmen were still in aggressive one-day mode. Both Paterson and Bosch benefitted from batsmen playing poor strokes.
Saud Shakeel played an extraordinary innings after going out to bat with his side on 41 for three after Ayub and Babar Azam quickly followed Masood back to the dressing room.
Shakeel hit three boundaries off his first five balls before gloving a catch to wicketkeeper Kyle Verreynne to be out for 14 off six balls.
Ghulam was undeterred, racing to a 52-ball half-century and sharing a rapid 81-run fifth-wicket stand with Mohammad Rizwan (27).
Ghulam went for his shots, sometimes to the frustration of the South African bowlers, and his feisty effort included an exchange of words with Kagiso Rabada — South Africa’s most impressive bowler despite not taking a wicket — and Verreynne.
Ghulam was out in bizarre fashion, charging down the pitch to Paterson and top-edging a slog to long leg.

       Follow
Topics: PAKISTAN V SOUTH AFRICA CRICKET TEST MATCH
Bridges outduels Wembanyama, Celtics lose again
Knicks’ Bridges took the glory with a brilliant 15-point fourth-quarter display that left him with a season-high 41 points and the win
Dallas Mavericks lost their Slovenian star Luka Doncic with a calf injury in the second quarter of their 105-99 loss to the Minnesota Timberwolves
Updated 26 December 2024
AFP
December 26, 2024 07:29
211
     

LOS ANGELES: Mikal Bridges and the New York Knicks edged Victor Wembanyama and the San Antonio Spurs 117-114 in a Christmas Day thriller at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday.

French star Wembanyama put up 42 points with 18 rebounds and four blocks for the Spurs but Bridges took the glory with a brilliant 15-point fourth-quarter display that left him with a season-high 41 points and the win.

“It was great, man. I think just to feel the excitement from the crowd, my teammates, my coaches, this is who I play for,” Bridges told broadcaster ABC.

“They give me the energy, give me the confidence to go out there and play,” he added.

Wembanyama was just three points short of the Christmas debut scoring record of 45 set by Wilt Chamberlain in his rookie season in 1959.

The 20-year-old, who stands 7-foot-3 (2.21m), was 16-31 on shooting and made six of 16 three-point throws and while Bridges took the applause from the home crowd, he was quick to praise the Frenchman.

“From 40 feet out, from right under the rim, from 15 feet out, he’s just unbelievable, just to see what he’s doing, credit to him and how much work he has put in,” said Bridges.

The 28-year-old Bridges, who was traded from the Brooklyn Nets in July, shot 17-25 from the field and was six for nine on three-point attempts as his team improved to 20-10.

San Antonio were just a point behind with two minutes remaining before Bridges made back-to-back jumpers to open up a five-point lead.

Josh Hart came up big for New York at the death, grabbing two misses to ensure the win and leave the Spurs on a 15-15 record.

Karl-Anthony Towns with 21 points and Jalen Brunson with 20 points and nine assists were crucial for the Knicks in the win.

Jeremy Sochan supported Wembanyama with 21 points for the Spurs.

Defending champions the Boston Celtics (22-8) lost back-to-back games for the first time this season when they were upset at home by the Philadelphia 76ers 118-114.

Injury-prone 76ers star Joel Embiid hurt his ankle in a pregame fall but was able to start and showed his importance with 27 points, nine rebounds and the game clinching free throws at the end to clinch the win for the 11-17 Philadelphia.

Tyres Maxey scored 33 points and made 12 assists with his 13 points in the fourth quarter crucial as Philadelphia, who had led by 16 at the break, recovered from Boston’s third quarter rally.

Jayson Tatum top scored for the Celtics with 32 points and also grabbed 15 rebounds.

It was far from a Merry Christmas for the Dallas Mavericks who lost their Slovenian star Luka Doncic with a calf injury in the second quarter of their 105-99 loss to the Minnesota Timberwolves in a rematch of last season’s Western Conference finals.

Doncic, who had scored 14 points, limped out of the game and did not return. The Mavericks did manage a brave comeback attempt without him, before falling short.

Anthony Edwards put up 26 points for Minnesota.

The Timberwolves led 57-40 at the half and extended that advantage to 28-points before Dallas, led by Kyrie Irving who made 39 points, started to work their way back into the contest.

It was close at the end but Irving missed a three-point shot that would have given Dallas the lead in the last minute and a two-foot shot from Edwards and a pair of free throws from Julius Randle made sure of the win.

“Kyrie to me is the greatest point guard and so when he gets going, it’s tough to stop him,” said Edwards.

“We got a couple of big stops down the stretch and got some buckets so that helped us,” he added.

The Los Angeles Lakers scored a 115-113 road win over Golden State Warriors.

Lakers big man Anthony Davis didn’t return for Los Angeles against Golden State after spraining his left ankle midway through the first quarter. Davis stepped awkwardly and rolled the ankle while moving through the paint toward the Lakers basket and exited with 4:48 remaining in the quarter.

       Follow
Topics: BASKETBALL NBA VICTOR WEMBANYAMA BOSTON CELTICS NEW YORK KNICKS SAN ANTONIO SPURS
RELATED
 69
Victor Wembanyama ‘can’t wait’ for a France-USA showdown at the Paris Olympics
 117
Wembanyama’s big night trumps Brunson’s 61 points in Spurs win over Knicks
Sydney-Hobart yacht crews set off on gale-threatened race
Race crews face rough weather and big waves as they move down Australia’s east coast, then tackle the notorious Bass Strait toward the Tasmanian state capital Hobart
LawConnect and rival Comanche battled for the lead as crews vied to be first out of the harbor
Updated 26 December 2024
AFP
December 26, 2024 06:39
218
     

SYDNEY: Crews of more than 100 yachts set sail Thursday on a “boat-breaking” Sydney-Hobart yacht race, with gale-force winds and high seas forecast for the grueling bluewater classic.

Under blue, mid-summer skies, spectators crowded onto boats and lined the shore of a breezy Sydney Harbor as a starting cannon set the fleet of 104 on a dash to the open ocean.

Race crews face rough weather and big waves as they move down Australia’s east coast, then tackle the notorious Bass Strait toward the Tasmanian state capital Hobart.

Weather is a critical factor in the 628-nautical mile event, first held in 1945.

Six men died, five boats sank and 55 sailors were rescued in 1998, when a deep depression exploded over the fleet in the Bass Strait.

“We are seeing strong wind warnings developing through the afternoon today and getting up to gale, so about 35 knots,” meteorologist Gabrielle Woodhouse said in the last briefing hours before the start.

A strong south-westerly change would move across Bass Strait early on Friday morning, potentially bringing showers, lightning, thunder, and waves of up to 4.0 meters (13 feet).

In the first minutes of the race, reigning line honors champion LawConnect and rival Comanche battled for the lead as crews vied to be first out of the harbor.

“These conditions are probably the worst forecast I’ve ever had to go through. The odds of boat damage are obviously very high,” LawConnect skipper Christian Beck said ahead of the race.

But the forecast conditions could favor LawConnect, he said.

“We’ve had a crew that’s been together for six years. We hope our crew is our main strength. The harder it is, the more that comes to our advantage,” Beck said.

LawConnect edged Comanche to win by just 51 seconds last year, and the two 100-foot supermaxis are again expected to battle for line honors.

“It’s going to be a fast and furious first night out there on our way down to Hobart,” said Matt Allen, co-skipper of Comanche, a four-time line honors champion and the race record holder.

“It’s probably going to be boat-breaking sort of conditions,” Allen said ahead of the race. “The really small boats are really going to cop it a few times in this race.”

Fellow skipper James Mayo said strategy would be key for Comanche, which surged over the finish line in one day, 9 hours, 15 minutes and 24 seconds to set a new mark in 2017.

“It’s about keeping the boat in one piece, you know there’s going to be some good rides,” Mayo said.

Two other supermaxis are entered — Wild Thing and Maritimo.

Alive, last year’s overall winner of the Tattersall Cup, which takes into account boat size and other factors, will again be in contention to defend its title.

Other previous overall winners in the fleet include Centennial 7 (formerly Celestial) and Love and War.

       Follow
Topics: YACHTING
RELATED
 1939
Super maxi Andoo Comanche win line honors at Sydney-Hobart yacht race
 2940
Andoo Comanche leads Sydney-Hobart yacht race
Latest Updates
Israeli incursion into Wadi Al-Hujeir raises fears of revived Israeli buffer zone
 289
Amazon deal delivers Diriyah tech boost
 231
Syria authorities arrest official behind Saydnaya death penalties
 935
Indonesian People’s Consultative Assembly speaker visits Muslim World League
 180
WHO chief says he is safe after Sanaa airport bombardment
 593
Recommended
MIDDLE-EAST
2024 Year in Review: Conflict keeps Sudanese trapped in a nightmare without end
 923
MIDDLE-EAST
War-weary villages in Lebanon’s south find hope in Christmas festivities
 524
MIDDLE-EAST
‘Many have had their eyes opened for the first time’ to Palestine’s occupation, Bethlehem’s Rev. Munther Isaac tells Arab News
 1411
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.com/node/2570212/sport 
 ----- 
