Go to Contents
Go to Navigation
SEARCH
History
English
Facebook
Twitter
RSS Feed
Yonhap News Agency
Today's date
SAT. December 28, 2024
Today's weather
Jeju7 ℃CAI Moderate 58
Seoul-2 ℃CAI Good 41
Busan0 ℃CAI Moderate 54
Daegu-1 ℃CAI Moderate 53
Incheon-1 ℃CAI Moderate 59
Gwangju0 ℃CAI Good 50
Daejeon-2 ℃CAI Good 43
Ulsan0 ℃CAI Moderate 58
Jeju7 ℃CAI Moderate 58
Seoul-2 ℃CAI Good 41
Latest News
Today in Korean history
4h
(Copyright)
now
Moon Ga-bi refutes speculation about relationship with Jung Woo-sung
now
Ukraine discloses diary of fallen N.K. soldier
now
Thousands gather outside Busan lawmaker's office to demand Yoon's ouster
now
Prosecutors seize ex-defense minister's phone in martial law probe
now
Rallies for, against Yoon's impeachment held 1 km apart
now
S. Korea, Japan seek foreign ministers' meeting early next year despite political turmoil
2h
Ruling party cries foul over opposition-led impeachment of acting President Han
3h
Today in Korean history
4h
(Copyright)
now
Pause
 
more
All News
National
North Korea
Economy/Finance
BIZ
Culture/K-pop
Sports
Images
Videos
Poor pitch conditions in Seoul back in spotlight following S. Korea's draw vs. Palestine
Yoo Jee-ho
All News 09:06 September 06, 2024
SHARE LIKE SAVE PRINT FONT SIZE

By Yoo Jee-ho

SEOUL, Sept. 6 (Yonhap) -- Seoul World Cup Stadium has been regarded as the mecca of South Korean football for the past two decades or so, ever since it was built ahead of the 2002 FIFA World Cup, co-hosted by South Korea and Japan.


Son Heung-min of South Korea reacts to his team's goalless draw against Palestine in the teams' Group B match in the third round of the Asian World Cup qualification at Seoul World Cup Stadium in Seoul on Sept. 5, 2024. (Yonhap)

However, its pitch conditions haven't matched the stadium's sterling reputation. And the dismal pitch shape came into focus once again Thursday night, after South Korea settled for a 0-0 draw against underdogs Palestine in a World Cup qualifying match.

The issue is not new for Seoul World Cup Stadium. In addition to serving as home of the K League 1 club FC Seoul and hosting national team matches, the stadium also holds music concerts and other non-sporting events.

Prior to the Palestine match, FC Seoul hosted Gangwon FC on Aug. 24 on the bumpy and patchy pitch. FC Seoul head coach Kim Gi-dong even apologized to fans and Gangwon FC for such bad shape of the playing surface.

Kim also noted that players could have been injured and asked for better management of the field.

But the coach's plea apparently fell on deaf ears, because the pitch wasn't that much better Thursday night.

In the first half, South Korean players failed to connect on simple passes on several occasions, and the subpar pitch condition could be at least partly blamed for that. Captain Son Heung-min said it was difficult to dribble and control the ball throughout the evening.


Lee Kang-in of South Korea reacts to a goalless draw against Palestine in the teams' Group B match in the third round of the Asian World Cup qualification at Seoul World Cup Stadium in Seoul on Sept. 5, 2024. (Yonhap)

"We weren't able to play at a high tempo and I am sure fans were disappointed with that," Son said. "I hope conditions will get better when we play here. The fact that pitch conditions are better for away matches is a shame, but I also think it's fortunate for us at the same time."

To their credit, other players refused to use the pitch as a crutch for the result.

"Obviously, it'd be nice to have played in better conditions, but I really don't want to make an excuse," said midfielder Lee Kang-in, the lone bright spot for South Korea on offense. He was responding to a question about whether the pitch shape had affected his uncharacteristically poor shooting in the second half.

"I had such an easy opportunity but couldn't convert it. That's why we didn't win that match," Lee said of his off-target shot in the 60th minute when he was wide open on the right side of the box. "I'll have to get better than that, and I will try to become a player who can convert those chances."

Defender Kim Min-jae said players have to deal with the cards they were dealt.

"The pitch wasn't great but that's part of the game," Kim said. "I don't want to use that as an excuse."

jeeho@yna.co.kr
(END)

Related Articles
S. Korean players not pleased with fans' booing of coach at World Cup qualifier
S. Korea coach understands fans' jeers during World Cup qualifier at home
Palestine coach 'extremely happy' with goalless draw vs. S. Korea in World Cup qualifier
Players fail to come through for beleaguered coach in lackluster draw vs. Palestine
(LEAD) S. Korea held by Palestine amid boos in World Cup qualifier
MORE(+5)
 
Keywords
#football #World Cup
You May Like
Ukrainian military releases image of N.K. troops allegedl y killed in Kursk: report
Ex-military commander gives up on arrest warrant hearing
Medical student sentenced to 26 yrs in prison for murder ing his girlfriend
Bears sign new pitcher Logue, terminate deal with Hatch over physical
"Click to Learn About the Best HVAC Deals Near You!"
HVAC Services | Search Ads
Learn More
Many People Are Surprised By The Price Of Asphalt Paving In 2024 (Learn More)
Asphalt Paving I Search Ads
Learn More
Experience Oregon with Our Local Guides
Travel Oregon
Learn More
New and Permanent Teeth in 24 Hours - Life Changing !
G4 By Golpa
Learn More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
Issue Keywords
#impeachment#State Dept#acting president#Busan lawmaker#diplomatic talks
Rallies for, against Yoon's impeachment held 1 km apart
(LEAD) U.S. is ready to work with acting President Choi, strongly supports 'ironclad' alliance: State Dept.
Ruling party cries foul over opposition-led impeachment of acting President Han
Thousands gather outside Busan lawmaker's office to demand Yoon's ouster
S. Korea, Japan seek foreign ministers' meeting early next year despite political turmoil
Most Liked
N. Korea preparing for additional troop deployment, suicide drone supply to Russia: Seoul
(LEAD) S. Korea's spy agency confirms Ukraine's capture of injured N. Korean soldier
S. Korea formally becomes 'super-aged' society
(2nd LD) N.K. soldier captured by Ukraine dies from worsening wounds: S. Korea's spy agency
(LEAD) Yoon defies joint investigation team's summons for 2nd time over martial law probe
Most Saved
N. Korea preparing for additional troop deployment, suicide drone supply to Russia: Seoul
(3rd LD) Nat'l Assembly votes to impeach acting President Han
(LEAD) S. Korea's spy agency confirms Ukraine's capture of injured N. Korean soldier
Ex-intelligence commander's note reveals alleged plans to 'provoke N. Korea at NLL': police
(LEAD) Constitutional Court to hold pretrial hearing on Yoon's impeachment as planned
Most Viewed All Categories
(LEAD) S. Korea's spy agency confirms Ukraine's capture of injured N. Korean soldier
(2nd LD) N.K. soldier captured by Ukraine dies from worsening wounds: S. Korea's spy agency
(2nd LD) Acting President Choi Sang-mok vows to prioritize stabilizing state affairs
(3rd LD) Nat'l Assembly votes to impeach acting President Han
(LEAD) U.S. is ready to work with acting President Choi, strongly supports 'ironclad' alliance: State Dept.
Most Viewed More
Most Viewed Photos
NK anniversary
 
New Mobile ID
 
Start of winter break
 
Protest against impeachment motion
Main Article Right Now
Nat'l Assembly votes to impeach acting President Han
U.S. is ready to work with acting President Choi, strongly supports 'ironclad' alliance: State Dept.
Acting President Choi Sang-mok vows to prioritize stabilizing state affairs
N.K. soldier captured by Ukraine dies from worsening wounds: S. Korea's spy agency
Impeachment of acting president over martial law deepens leadership vacuum
Deadlocked politics over successive impeachments fuel concerns over prolonging of economic instability, FX woes
HOME All News
News

All News

National

North Korea

Economy/Finance

Biz

Culture/K-pop

Sports

Images

Videos

Top News

Most Viewed

Korean Newspaper Headlines

Today in Korean History

Yonhap News Summary

Editorials from Korean Dailies

Special
Interviews
Features
Yonhap Korea Stories
Information

Korea in Brief

Useful Links

Festival Calendar

Weather

Advertise with Yonhap News Agency

Tools
RSS
Mobile Service
About Yonhap
About Us
Contact Us
Subscription
Copyright
Copyright (c) Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
LANGUAGE
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
RSS Feed
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://en.yna.co.kr/view/AEN20240906002700315 
 ----- 
