HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

WORLD FOOTBALL

Egypt vs Tanzania: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 5, 2024 at 7:41 PM
Modified at :
January 13, 2024 at 6:00 AM

Aditya Chauhan

0
0
Egypt prepare for the upcoming AFCON 2023

Egypt and Tanzania will play in a friendly match in Egypt. The most successful team in the African Cup of Nations aims to take the momentum heading into the tournament.

Adel Amrouche, the Taifa Stars head coach is expected to use the camp in Egypt to prepare his team well ahead of the AFCON campaign that sees them placed in a tricky Group F alongside 2022 FIFA World Cup semi-finalists Morocco, DR Congo and Zambia.

Egypt, Ghana, Cape Verde and Mozambique are a part of Group B.

Kick-off:

Sunday, 7 January 2024 at 4:00 PM (GMT); 9:30 PM (IST)

Location: Cairo International Stadium

Form

Egypt (in all competitions): W-W-D-W-L

Tanzania (in all competitions): L-W-D-D-W

Players to watch
Mohamed Salah (Egypt)

Mo Salah will be the main player for the most successful team in AFCON. The Egyptians have a lot of expectations from Liverpool’s forward.

Mbwana Samatta (Tanzania)

PAOK striker has scored 17 goals in 36 matches for his country. He provided an assist in one of the World Cup qualifier matches in November and will aim to add a goal or two against Egypt.

Match facts
Egypt have won the last three meetings between these two teams
Tanzania are unbeaten in the last seven away matches.
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury & team news

Egypt coach Rui Vitoria will test his players ahead of the AFCON 2023 and give them maximum game time.

Head to Head

Egypt: 5

Draws: 0

Tanzania: 0

Predicted Lineup
Egypt predicted lineup:

El Shenawi, Hamdy, Abdelmonem, Gabr, Hany, Elneny, Fahi, Zizo, Trezeguet, Moustafe, Salah

Tanzania predicted lineup:

Kawawa, Miroshi, Hamad, Mwamnyeto, Job, Bajan, Mnoga, Salum, M’Mombwa, Samatta, Msuva

Match Prediction for Egypt vs Tanzania

Egypt are the favourites to win the match in front of the home crowd. A win will boost their confidence and the team can carry the momentum into the main tournament.

Prediction: Egypt 2-0 Tanzania

Telecast for Egypt vs Tanzania

India – No telecast

UK – No telecast

US –  No telecast

Nigeria – No telecast

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the summer transfer window?
FIFA International Women's Friendly: India thrash Maldives in an one-sided game
List of Odisha FC coaches and their performance in ISL
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the summer transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Top 10 goalkeepers with most clean sheets in 2024
NorthEast United's Juan Pedro Benali highlights 'struggles' ahead of Mohammedan SC clash in ISL
Hi there! I'm Khel S

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-egypt-vs-tanzania-predicted-lineup-injury-news-telecast 
 ----- 
