SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Socceroos coach Graham Arnold blasts poor pitch as Australia defeated Bangladesh 2-0 in World Cup qualifier

Topic:
Sport

Thu 6 Jun
Thursday 6 June

Nestory Irankunda is tackled by Isa Faysal during the FIFA World Cup Asian second qualifier match between Bangladesh and Australia. (Getty Images: Thananuwat Srirasant)

abc.net.au/news/socceroos-defeat-bangladesh-in-world-cup-qualifier/103949116
Link copied
Share article
In short:
Australia defeated Bangladesh 2-0 on a waterlogged and heavy pitch during a World Cup qualifier.Players on both sides were struggling with cramp and muscle injuries as they slogged over the difficult terrain.
What's next?
 Australia will play Palestine in Perth on Tuesday after the Palestinians drew Lebanon 0-0 overnight.

Coach Graham Arnold will hope the Socceroos emerge from playing on a "dangerous" pitch in Bangladesh unscathed ahead of a tight turnaround to their World Cup qualifier against Palestine in Perth.

But he will take heart from striker Kusini Yengi seizing his moment as he presses his case to lead the line full-time.

The Socceroos scrapped out a 2-0 win over Bangladesh in sweltering conditions on a shabby, waterlogged pitch at the Bashundhara Kings Arena on Thursday.

"The pitch? Terrible. It's unacceptable," Arnold said.

"Because we talk about player welfare. And you're putting players on a field that players can get injured.

"And it's no shock to me that five or six players from Bangladesh went down with cramping, having cramps in calf muscles and hamstrings because that field is not good. I'm being honest … the field was dangerous.

"I'm not passing responsibility. That was a field that we only won 2-0, we had the chances to score five, six, seven.

"But some of the tackles, potential injuries was stressing me out last night."

Yengi didn't hold back.

"The grass is too long, there's too much water, it's too muddy, it's patchy, the ball holds up, it's a really soft surface," he said.

"So, when we're running for the ball, when both teams are contesting for the ball, it's easy to slip and accidentally tackle someone, which you saw plenty of times out here.

"When it's a soft pitch, your muscles have to work a lot harder and that's the reason why you see so many people go down with cramps and things like that.

"So the surface is dangerous, not (just) for us, but for everyone and it's difficult to play the ball on."

Ajdin Hrustic's deflected long-range strike, later ruled an own goal, in the 29th minute and Yengi's header in the 62nd proved the difference.

Portsmouth striker Yengi's goal — where the 25-year-old leapt and contorted his body to nod home a quality cross from Jordy Bos — underlined his quality.

"He's the first to say that he hasn't played for a good six weeks after Portsmouth won the league," Arnold said.

ABC Sport Daily podcast

ABC Sport Daily is your daily sports conversation. We dive into the biggest story of the day and get you up to speed with everything else that's making headlines.

"So he's a little bit probably rusty and obviously the fitness levels weren't as high as they normally are.

"But look, overall, it was a good game to get him started back into and I'm very happy with him."

The Socceroos were due to fly to Perth overnight ahead of Tuesday night's game, when changes are on the cards — including starts for local centre backs Alessandro Circati and Cameron Burgess.

They are confident Hrustic has avoided injury after he hobbled off early in the second half following two physical challenges.

World No.24 Australia are top of group I and into the next round of qualifying.

But if they win against Palestine, and world No.23 South Korea lose or draw against China, they could leapfrog South Korea in the rankings and ensure better seeding for the next draw.

Palestine and Lebanon played out a 0-0 draw in Doha in the early hours of Friday morning (AEST).

Irankunda shows flashes of brilliance in Soccceroos debut

Savouring his first taste of international football, Nestory Irankunda already has his sights set on working to make his next one even better.

And he's confident a first Socceroos goal isn't far off either.

The prodigiously talented 18-year-old winger made his Socceroos debut with an unexpected start in the clash with Bangladesh.

In steamy conditions, Irankunda passed to Hrustic for the midfielder's heavily deflected opening goal.

The Bayern Munich-bound winger showed flashes of his brilliance but was otherwise relatively quiet.

"Could've done better with my performance," he said.

"But I'm really proud to be capped for the nation and it's a dream come true for me."

Irankunda played on the right and was at his best when he managed to get in behind the Bangladesh defence.

"That was the instructions from the coaches. I reckon it was just my decision-making that kind of let me (down)," he said.

"But I did do the right thing sometimes.

"Obviously there's still space for improvement and hopefully I improve soon."

While Irankunda was modest about his performance, coach Arnold was delighted with how the teenager fared on debut.

"Nestor was very good," he said.

"He's obviously got a lot to learn and a long way to go. But it was great to see him on the pitch."

Irankunda scored eight goals and notched six assists for Adelaide United last season.

In his national team debut, he scuffed one shot just wide of the post and skewed another off target after a lovely dance into the box — in warning signs of the goal scoring prowess that could yet come.

"Wow. Yeah I'm really happy with that," he said.

"I've just got to keep working and the reward will come.

"Hopefully I'll get a goal and hopefully many more as well."

Irankunda has soaked up the experience of his first full involvement with the Socceroos, after being called up as a train-on player in March 2023.

"I've learned a lot, to be honest and I can't really think of most of it right now but it's been a lot," he said.

"It's not my first time in camp, obviously it's the second time.

"Every time you come in, you learn something new.

"It's really different to club football and I'm really happy to be here with all the older boys."

AAP

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Thu 6 Jun 2024 at 10:00pm
Thursday 6 Jun 2024 at 10:00pm
, updated Fri 7 Jun 2024 at 2:13am
Friday 7 Jun 2024 at 2:13am
Related topics

Australia Soccer

Bangladesh

Soccer

Socceroos

Sport

Top Stories
Contraceptive linked to brain tumours prompts call for class action

Topic:
Contraception

Photo shows Chanel looking at her X-rays outdoors.
Australian bosses on notice as 'deliberate' wage theft becomes a crime

Topic:
Wages and Benefits

Relatives distraught as South Korean plane crash kills all but two passengers

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

Geopolitical plates have shifted and we'll see fallout for years to come

Analysis by John Lyons

Investigation after man shot dead in Sydney's west

Topic:
Crime

Just In
Growing chemical resistance in cattle ticks prompts push for new treatments

Topic:
Livestock Health and Welfare

12m ago
12 minutes ago
The best films and TV series that you can watch right now free

Topic:
Arts, Culture and Entertainment

34m ago
34 minutes ago
The data says you really can 'go troppo'

Topic:
Mental Health

37m ago
37 minutes ago
Five quick hits: Australia collapse, Jaiswal drops catches and Cummins reviews a review

Topic:
Cricket

40m ago
40 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-06-07/socceroos-defeat-bangladesh-in-world-cup-qualifier/103949116 
 ----- 
