Business Live
Business Live
	
	
	
	
Mahlatse Mphahlele Sports reporter
 
 
 SPORT / SOCCER
Broos says PSL cannot claim to support Bafana as he takes another swipe at league
Coach is angry PSL did not allow Afcon-bound players longer festive break
10 JANUARY 2024 - 14:23
by MAHLATSE MPHAHLELE
Support our award-winning journalism.
The Premium package (digital only) is R30 for the first month and thereafter you pay R129 p/m now ad-free for all subscribers.
Subscribe now
Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos takes another swipe at the PSL for not allowing the season to end before Christmas. Picture: DARREN STEWART/GALLO IMAGES

Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos could not resist a dig at the Premier Soccer League (PSL) as the team prepares to fly to the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon), which starts on Saturday in Ivory Coast. 

The outspoken Broos said he is still angry at the PSL for not allowing the season to take a break on December 24 and allow Afcon-bound players a longer festive break to be fresher for the tournament. 

Sundowns, who have 10 players in the Bafana squad, played 30 matches between August and December, which is equivalent to a full league season, as they took part in several domestic and continental competitions. 

The season ran until December 31, allowing Bafana players a few days’ break before linking up for a four-day camp in Stellenbosch. Their preparations wrapped up with a match against Lesotho on Wednesday before flying to the tournament on Thursday. 

“You know the discussion I had with the PSL. Honestly, all these players were not really recovered, we could see and feel it and that was my fear. It is not so bad, but you feel in training with the measures we took that players were not 100% fresh,” said Broos. 

“This is what I said eight months ago when I asked them to stop the league on December 24. Those players needed the break because looking at the programme they had a lot of games over the last two months of last year. 

“Even from the beginning, a team such as Sundowns was playing every three days from August until December. Again, I don’t understand that the league cannot accept and stop on the 24th.” 

Broos said the PSL cannot claim to support Bafana. 

“I am really sorry about that and don’t tell me they support Bafana Bafana. It is a laugh, but again it is not the real problem. 

“We work hard and that shows the mentality of the players, that they want to do it. But in the best circumstances we should have done it differently. I talked about it with members of the technical staff on how we are going to do it and the solutions are there. I get angry every time to talk about it.” 

MVALA DOUBTFUL FOR AFCON, ZWANE AND WILLIAMS OUT OF LESOTHO WARM-UP
Coach Hugo Broos not concerned over the outcome of the preparation match for Bafana’s Afcon opener
SPORT11 months ago
SIX PLAYERS TO WATCH AT AFCON
As anticipation mounts, there are some players likely to grab the headlines
SPORT11 months ago
Next Article
Support our award-winning journalism.
The Premium package (digital only) is R30 for the first month and thereafter you pay R129 p/m now ad-free for all subscribers.
Subscribe now

Would you like to comment on this article?
Sign up (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

SIGN UP
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

Subscribe now for an ad-free experience.
Support independent journalism.
Subscribe now
MOST READ
1.
FREE TO READ | South Africans love a lesser-known ...
SPORT
2.
David Miller makes strong case for staying in ...
SPORT / CRICKET
3.
Boks set for All Blacks’ garden of Eden
SPORT / RUGBY
4.
Rookie Johnston bags Australian Open as Shin ...
SPORT / OTHER SPORT
5.
De Silva and Mendis give Sri Lanka hope going ...
SPORT / CRICKET
Related Articles
Beckenbauer revolutionised game and became icon of German sporting success
 SPORT / SOCCER
Five young footballers to watch at Afcon
 SPORT / SOCCER
Bafana Bafana to get R7m if they win Afcon
 SPORT / SOCCER

Published by Arena Holdings and distributed with the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of every month except December and January.

Politics
National
Education
Health
Labour
Media
Science & Environment
World
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Middle East
Sport
Cricket
Other Sport
Rugby
Soccer
Companies
Energy
Financial Services
Healthcare
Industrials
Innovation
Land & Agriculture
Management
Mining
Property
Retail & Consumer
Telecoms & Technology
Trade & Industry
Transport & Tourism
Markets Data
Markets
Markets Data
Business
Legal Notices
Economy
Opinion
Columnists
Editorials
Letters
Read More
About us
Contact us
Subscribe
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Search
Careers and Tenders

© 2025 Arena Holdings. All rights reserved.

Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

© BusinessLIVE MMXXV  

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.businesslive.co.za/bd/sport/soccer/2024-01-10-broos-says-psl-cannot-claim-to-support-bafana-as-he-takes-another-swipe-at-league/ 
 ----- 
