#1  JONATHAN JANSEN | Institutional egos clashing over matric results drives me bananas
#2  TENDAI MBANJE | Frelimo 'unshaken' amid escalation of violence after Mozambique’s disputed elections
#3  ‘Don’t touch my pocket!’ SA passengers say airlines must pay for reducing their carbon footprint, not them
#4  Conscious breathing can reduce anxiety and depression – tips for how to do it
#5  As Gaza suffers, experts call on hunger monitor to redefine famine
#1  JONATHAN JANSEN | Institutional egos clashing over matric results drives me bananas
#2  TENDAI MBANJE | Frelimo 'unshaken' amid escalation of violence after Mozambique’s disputed elections
#3  ‘Don’t touch my pocket!’ SA passengers say airlines must pay for reducing their carbon footprint, not them
#4  Conscious breathing can reduce anxiety and depression – tips for how to do it
#5  As Gaza suffers, experts call on hunger monitor to redefine famine
SOCCER
Mothobi Mvala declared fit to travel with Bafana to Afcon
10 January 2024 - 20:43
Mahlatse Mphahlele
Sports reporter
 
 
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Mothobi Mvala has been cleared to travel to the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) tournament with Bafana Bafana after being sidelined with a groin injury.
Image: Samuel Shivambu/BackpagePix

Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos has confirmed that Mamelodi Sundowns defender Mothobi Mvala will travel with the team to the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Ivory Coast after he was cleared by the medical team. 

Mvala missed Wednesday's 0-0 draw with Lesotho in Bafana’s last preparation match in the country before they travel to West Africa on Thursday morning as he continues to recover from a groin injury.

Captain and goalkeeper Ronwen Williams and influential midfielder Themba Zwane were rested for the preparation match against the neighbours as they also recover from respective minor niggles. 

In the preparatory match, Broos gave opportunities to all the players who were on the bench and afterwards said he was happy with their mentality even though they lacked freshness after a long domestic season. 

Bafana held by Lesotho in final preparation match before Afcon
Bafana Bafana wrapped up the South African leg of their preparations for Africa Cup of Nations with a 0-0 draw with Lesotho that was played behind ...
SPORT11 months ago

“He will travel with me because we have the guarantee of the medical team that he will be ready,” said Broos about Mvala.

Safa team doctor Tshepo Molobi added that after medical assements were done, there was no reason to leave Mvala behind.   

“As it is any camp, we will always be faced with something, thus is the nature of football and when you’re dealing with athletes. In the case of Mothobi Mvala, all medical assessments have been made and while we continue practising caution with all and any injuries, there is no need to rule Mvala out.

“He will travel with the team to Côte d’Ivoire and we as a medical team will continuously monitor all injuries and niggles of Mvala, Williams, Zwane and all other players who need our care,” said Molobi.

South Africa kick off their campaign against Mali at Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium in Korhogo on Tuesday (10pm SA time) and complete their group campaign against Namibia on January 21 and former champions Tunisia on January 24. 

Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Next Article
by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
年菜早鳥好評最後一波【全館滿$2988現折$200】，早鳥福利只 到1/3 11:00 現在下訂，年前到貨！
越早買越划算，趕緊囤貨迎新年！再享年菜自由配95折，手刀搶購別錯過！
老協珍
Seven people, including toddl er, killed in head-on collision on N4 in Mpumalanga
A head-on collision between two...
2025必吃厚奶酥配宇治抹茶
2025不能錯過的超新品｜宇治抹茶奶酥蛋捲｜來自冬日的療癒系蛋捲
鬍子國王
立即選購
Flies and foul smell leads to discovery of decomposed bodies of mom and daughter
Police peeped through a window...
多功能工作桌｜垂直收納
1/1-2/18 滿千送百無上限，再抽北海道機票
宜得利家居
了解更多
LISTEN | Diabetic Baleka Mbete opens up and urges young people to take care of their health
Opening up about her health,...
MOST READ
SA20 boss Graeme Smith lauds Proteas for reaching WTC final
CRICKET
Former Kaizer Chiefs coach Muhsin Ertugral makes dramatic return to PSL
SOCCER
Mulder fit and raring to go but starting spot not guaranteed at Newlands
CRICKET
No standing still as innovation and change beckon for sport in 2025
SPORT
No-one expected Chelsea to be where they are now, says boss Maresca
SOCCER
LATEST VIDEOS
Trump sides with Musk in H-1B foreign workers visa debate | REUTERS
'GNU is meaningless'-Jacob Zuma
READ MORE
About us
Contact us
Advertise
Subscribe
Mobile site
FAQs
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
OUR NETWORK
SowetanLIVE
BusinessLIVE
Business Day
Financial Mail
HeraldLIVE
DispatchLIVE
Wanted Online
SA Home Owner
Business Media MAGS
Arena Events
Careers and Tenders
© 2025 Arena Holdings (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timeslive.co.za/sport/soccer/2024-01-10-mothobi-mvala-declared-fit-to-travel-with-bafana-to-afcon/ 
 ----- 
