#1  JONATHAN JANSEN | Institutional egos clashing over matric results drives me bananas
#2  TENDAI MBANJE | Frelimo 'unshaken' amid escalation of violence after Mozambique’s disputed elections
#3  ‘Don’t touch my pocket!’ SA passengers say airlines must pay for reducing their carbon footprint, not them
#4  Conscious breathing can reduce anxiety and depression – tips for how to do it
#5  As Gaza suffers, experts call on hunger monitor to redefine famine
#1  JONATHAN JANSEN | Institutional egos clashing over matric results drives me bananas
#2  TENDAI MBANJE | Frelimo 'unshaken' amid escalation of violence after Mozambique’s disputed elections
#3  ‘Don’t touch my pocket!’ SA passengers say airlines must pay for reducing their carbon footprint, not them
#4  Conscious breathing can reduce anxiety and depression – tips for how to do it
#5  As Gaza suffers, experts call on hunger monitor to redefine famine
SOCCER
Bafana held by Lesotho in final preparation match before Afcon
10 January 2024 - 17:46
Mahlatse Mphahlele
Sports reporter
 
 
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Bafana Bafana midfielder Sphephelo Sithole in a tussle for the ball with Lesotho defender Lisema Lebokollane during their preparation match at Lucas Moripe Stadium.
Image: SAFA MEDIA

Bafana Bafana wrapped up the South African leg of their preparations for the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) with a 0-0 draw with Lesotho that was played behind closed doors at Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville on Wednesday. 

The preparation match followed a four-day camp in Stellenbosch and Bafana fly out of the country to Ivory Coast on Thursday morning as one of the tournament underdogs. 

South Africa kick off their campaign against Mali at Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium in Korhogo on Tuesday (10pm SA time) and complete their group campaign against Namibia on January 21 and former champions Tunisia on January 24. 

Coach Hugo Broos started the match with a strong line-up that saw Veli Mothwa in goal for Ronwen Williams. Siyanda Xulu and Nkosinathi Sibisi were partnered in central defence and Aubrey Modiba and Khuliso Mudau played as fullbacks. 

In the heart of the midfield, Broos deployed Teboho Mokoena and Sphephelo Sithole in the deep lying position with Percy Tau as a false No 9, while Mihlali Mayambela and Thapelo Maseko were on the wings. 

'I don’t feel the love all the time': Ronwen Williams on Mzansi's support for Bafana
As they go into the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon), Bafana Bafana captain Ronwen Williams says sometimes he doesn’t feel the backing and love of South ...
SPORT11 months ago

Evidence Makgopa, who is expected to lead the line ahead of Orlando Pirates teammate Zakhele Lepasa, started the match as the lone striker. 

Defender Mothobi Mvala, who is a serious injury doubt for Afcon, missed the match while Williams and Themba Zwane were unused substitutions in a match in which Broos made wholesale changes in the second half to try to give almost all the players a run. 

On Tuesday, Broos made it clear that he won’t be focusing on the result but he will be interested in seeing the desire of his players. 

“For me it is not even a friendly game, it is a preparation game. This is a game to prepare for what will follow next week and for me the result is not so important against Lesotho.   

“Even in the worst-case scenario that we lose the game, for me it will not be the moment to doubt or criticise because I know what we did over the past four days in Stellenbosch.

“The only thing I want to see is players wanting to win the game and that’s all. This is a preparation game for me and that’s the most important thing,” he said. 

READ MORE:
Hugo Broos says PSL cannot claim to support Bafana Bafana as he takes another swipe at the league
Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos could not resist one last dig at the Premier Soccer League (PSL) as the team prepares to fly to the Africa Cup of ...
SPORT11 months ago
Mvala doubtful for Afcon, Zwane and Williams out of Lesotho preparatory match
Mamelodi Sundowns defender Mothobi Mvala is a serious doubt for the Africa Cup of Nations with a groin injury, while Ronwen Williams and Themba Zwane ...
SPORT11 months ago
Five young players to watch at Afcon
As the kick-off of the highly anticipated Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) gets closer, TimesLIVE looks at young players who might set the tournament ...
SPORT11 months ago
Make us believe, Broos
Afcon 2023 provides Hugo Broos with a perfect platform to make a keynote presentation of the fruits of his labour at the helm of Bafana Bafana.
SPORT11 months ago
Another Afcon, another Bafana blunder?
The team has an opportunity in Ivory Coast to restore our faith — let’s hope they seize it.
OPINION & ANALYSIS11 months ago
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Next Article

Would you like to comment on this article?
Sign up (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

SIGN UP
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
年菜早鳥好評最後一波【全館滿$2988現折$200】，早鳥福利只 到1/3 11:00 現在下訂，年前到貨！
老協珍
Seven people, including toddl er, killed in head-on collision on N4 in Mpumalanga
A head-on collision between two...
2025必吃厚奶酥配宇治抹茶
鬍子國王
立即選購
Flies and foul smell leads to discovery of decomposed bodies of mom and daughter
Police peeped through a window...
多功能工作桌｜垂直收納
宜得利家居
了解更多
South Africa’s top motoring moments of 2024
There were a lot of positives in...
MOST READ
SA20 boss Graeme Smith lauds Proteas for reaching WTC final
CRICKET
Former Kaizer Chiefs coach Muhsin Ertugral makes dramatic return to PSL
SOCCER
Mulder fit and raring to go but starting spot not guaranteed at Newlands
CRICKET
No standing still as innovation and change beckon for sport in 2025
SPORT
No-one expected Chelsea to be where they are now, says boss Maresca
SOCCER
LATEST VIDEOS
Trump sides with Musk in H-1B foreign workers visa debate | REUTERS
'GNU is meaningless'-Jacob Zuma
READ MORE
About us
Contact us
Advertise
Subscribe
Mobile site
FAQs
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
OUR NETWORK
SowetanLIVE
BusinessLIVE
Business Day
Financial Mail
HeraldLIVE
DispatchLIVE
Wanted Online
SA Home Owner
Business Media MAGS
Arena Events
Careers and Tenders
© 2025 Arena Holdings (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timeslive.co.za/sport/soccer/2024-01-10-bafana-held-by-lesotho-in-final-preparation-match-before-afcon/ 
 ----- 
