Manage privacy preferences
We and our vendors use cookies and similar methods to recognize visitors and remember their preferences, for analytics, to measure our marketing effectiveness and to target and measure the effectiveness of ads, among other things. To learn more about these methods, view our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy. By clicking ‘Accept all,’ you consent to the processing of your data by us and our vendors using the above methods. You can always change your preferences by clicking on Manage Privacy Preferences in our website footer or in your app Privacy Settings. Your preferences here are unrelated to Apple’s App Tracking Transparency Framework.
Reject all
Accept all
English
Español
EN
Manage preferences
SKIP TO CONTENT
SKIP TO SITE INDEX
SEARCH & SECTION NAVIGATION
SUBSCRIBE FOR €0.50/WEEK
Unlikely World Cup Victories Raise Cricket’s Profile in U.S.

Cricket faces notable obstacles before it can obtain widespread popularity in America, but its most passionate supporters feel positive about its future.

NEW

Listen to articles

Tap the Play button at the top of any article to hear it read aloud.

Listen to this article · 5:48 min Learn more
Share full article
94
Harmeet Singh came to the United States in 2020 hoping to jump-start his cricket career.
Credit...
Josh Ritchie for The New York Times

By Santul Nerkar

June 18, 2024

When Harmeet Singh left India in 2020, he was looking for a fresh start. His career as a cricket player had stagnated, and his dream of making the Indian national team — and playing in the World Cup, the sport’s biggest stage — was fading.

His destination was the United States, where cricket had long struggled to gain any kind of mainstream visibility, and professional opportunities were typically sparse. Arriving during the pandemic on a special visa given to individuals with extraordinary abilities, Mr. Singh made around $60,000 a year by playing for the U.S. men’s national cricket team and in small leagues, and coaching on the side as part of his contract.

This month, his decision is paying off in a big way. Mr. Singh and the U.S. team defeated Pakistan during a Men’s T20 Cricket World Cup match on June 6, shocking the sport. On Friday, the team advanced to the second stage of the tournament, the first to be held in part in America, which is sharing hosting duties with several Caribbean nations. The United States next plays on Wednesday against South Africa in Antigua, the first of three matches in the second stage.

The team’s success has been the latest event to help boost cricket’s profile in the United States, where the sport has seen a surge in investment in recent years. Cricket still faces notable obstacles in trying to attain more widespread popularity, some of which have been highlighted by the tournament. But the most passionate backers are bullish on the sport’s trajectory.

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

“I could never have seen cricket growing as much as it has,” Mr. Singh said in an interview.

Image
The United States shocked the cricket world when it defeated Pakistan this month.
Credit...
Andrew Caballero-Reynolds/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images

The majority of players on the American team were born outside the country, making the squad by fulfilling a residency requirement. The team had never appeared at any World Cup and qualified this year only because it was a co-host for the T20 event. Its star player, Saurabh Netravalkar, works as a software engineer at Oracle.

Subscribe to The Times to read as many articles as you like.

Santul Nerkar is a reporter covering business and sports. More about Santul Nerkar

A version of this article appears in print on June 19, 2024, Section B, Page 8 of the New York edition with the headline: U.S. Cricket Team’s Rise Boosts the Game’s Profile. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
See more on: International Cricket Council
READ 94 COMMENTS
Share full article
94

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
Site Index
Site Information Navigation
© 2025 The New York Times Company
NYTCoContact UsAccessibilityWork with usAdvertiseT Brand StudioYour Ad ChoicesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptionsManage Privacy Preferences
Support independent journalism with a subscription. Already a subscriber? Log in.
Satisfy your curiosity.
See what’s new. Subscribe.
WELCOME OFFERS
€12 €2/month
Billed every 4 weeks for your first 6 months, then €12 thereafter.
€90 €20/year

Billed once for your first year, then €90 thereafter.
BEST VALUE
Subscribe now
Cancel or pause anytime.
All Access includes news, plus Games, Cooking, Audio, Wirecutter and The Athletic.
Offer for a New York Times All Access subscription; current subscribers not eligible. Subscription excludes print edition. Some games may be available without a subscription. For a monthly subscription, your payment method will automatically be charged in advance the introductory rate of €2.00 every 4 weeks for 6 months, and after 6 months the standard rate of €12.00 every 4 weeks. For an annual subscription, your payment method will automatically be charged in advance the introductory rate of €20.00 once for the first year, and the standard rate of €90.00 once yearly thereafter. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. For subscribers in the U.S., cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. For international subscribers, see our Terms of Service for further information. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change.

©2025 The New York Times Company

Help Feedback
We’ve updated our terms

We encourage you to review our updated Terms of Sale, Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy. By continuing, you agree to the updated Terms listed here.

Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/2024/06/18/business/united-states-cricket-world-cup.html 
 ----- 
