Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Bashed! Arizona Diamondbacks Belt 5 Homers, Seven Doubles To Sweep Texas Rangers
The Arizona Diamondbacks collected 16 hits, including five home runs, seven doubles, and a triple in a blowout win over the Texas Rangers.
Stefan Stevenson | Sep 11, 2024
Sep 11, 2024; Phoenix, Arizona, USA; Arizona Diamondbacks outfielder Randal Grichuk (15) celebrates with Corbin Carroll (7) after hitting a two-run home run and 200th of his career against the Texas Rangers in the first inning at Chase Field. Mandatory Credit: Rick Scuteri-Imagn Images / Rick Scuteri-Imagn Images
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Arizona Diamondbacks

The Texas Rangers took it on the chin for the second consecutive day in the Arizona desert.

The Arizona Diamondbacks swept the two-game series with a 14-4 win, jumping all over starter Cody Bradford, scoring eight runs on nine hits, including three home runs, two doubles, and a triple in Bradford's 3 2/3 innings, which is tied for his shortest start this season.

The D-Backs had 16 hits, including five home runs, seven doubles, and a triple, and built leads of 5-0 after two innings and 8-2 after four.

Chase Anderson didn't fare much better than Bradford. After taking over for the final out in the fourth, Anderson was charged with four runs on four hits, including three doubles and a homer, and a walk in 2 1/3 innings. Adrian Del Castillo's three-run homer in the fifth against Anderson gave Arizona an 11-4 lead.


Marcus Semien, Wyatt Langford, and Adolis García each had two hits to make up six of Texas' nine hits in the game. Semien added a solo homer in the third and Garcia had an RBI double in the fifth that scored Semien. The Rangers were 3 for 9 with runners in scoring position and left nine runners on base.

Three thoughts from Wednesday's game:
1. Runs, Runs, Runs
Arizona Diamondbacks Ketel Marte (4) reacts after hitting a double against the Texas Rangers bin the first inning at Chase Field in Phoenix on Sept. 11, 2024. / Rob Schumacher/The Republic / USA TODAY NETWORK via Imagn Images

The Rangers allowed 14 or more runs for the third time this season and first since allowing 14 runs on June 17 against the Mets. Texas allowed a season high 15 runs at Dodgers Stadium on June 11. Texas pitching allowed 16 or more hits for the fifth time, and first since allowing 16 hits to Oakland on Sept. 1.

2. Hello, Old Friend
Sep 11, 2024; Phoenix, Arizona, USA; Arizona Diamondbacks pitcher Jordan Montgomery (52) throws against the Texas Rangers in the seventh inning at Chase Field. Mandatory Credit: Rick Scuteri-Imagn Images / Rick Scuteri-Imagn Images

Former Rangers starting pitcher Jordan Montgomery, who played pivotal role in the club's 2023 World Series championship, pitched three scoreless innings and earned his first save of 2024,

3. Up Next
Feb 21, 2023; Surprise, AZ, USA; Texas Rangers pitcher Kumar Rocker (80) poses for a photo during photo day at Surprise Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Allan Henry-Imagn Images / Allan Henry-Imagn Images

Rangers top-rated prospect right-hander Kumar Rocker makes his MLB debut in the series opener against the Seattle Mariners and right-hander Bryce Miller (11-8, 3.18) at 8:40 p.m. Wednesday.

You can follow Stefan Stevenson on X @StefanVersusTex.

Catch up with Inside the Rangers on Facebook and X.

Published Sep 11, 2024
STEFAN STEVENSON

Stefan Stevenson worked as a journalist and editor at the Fort Worth Star-Telegram for 25 years, covering sports, concerts, and general news. His beats have included the Dallas Cowboys, the Texas Rangers, and Texas Christian University football.

Follow StefanVersusTex

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/rangers/news/bashed-arizona-diamondbacks-belt-5-homers-seven-doubles-to-sweep-texas-rangers 
 ----- 
