Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Rangers experience sharp contrast to World Series in return to Chase Field
Share
Rangers experience sharp contrast to World Series in return to Chase Field
September 12th, 2024

Cole Bradley

@colebradley01
Share

0:00

0:29

PHOENIX -- For as long as it stands, Chase Field will always be sacred ground for the Texas Rangers. After all, it’s the site where they clinched the franchise’s first World Series title just 10 short months ago.

The memories that linger from that day were still fresh in the minds of all those who helped Texas reach the top of the baseball world last season when the club returned to Phoenix for a two-game series against the D-backs on Tuesday.

“You can’t help but think about the celebration on the field,” Rangers manager Bruce Bochy said.

“Seems like everyone’s in the same locker,” Marcus Semien said.

But much like the circumstances of this particular meeting in Phoenix, the outcome couldn’t have been more opposite.

After a shutout defeat on Tuesday night, the Rangers dropped the finale in a 14-4 loss on Wednesday afternoon, ending a string of four consecutive series wins for Texas.

“They swung the bats well,” Bochy said of Arizona's relentless offensive output. “We couldn’t keep the ball in the ballpark and that got us in this series. Cody [Bradford] has been so good. You’re going to have an off-day and that’s what it was. He wasn’t quite as sharp, and they’re swinging it well.”

The current position both the Rangers and D-backs find themselves in is starkly different as well.

The Rangers, now eight games back in the AL West and 7 1/2 games out of the third AL Wild Card spot, have been forced to navigate through a difficult season marred by injuries, while the D-backs appear poised to make a second straight trip to the postseason. A little less than a year ago, it was the Rangers who seemingly held the upper hand over the unlikely National League champions.

While that forecast certainly doesn’t take anything away from the Rangers’ accomplishments in 2023, it does showcase just how much things have changed since then.

“It’s been talked about so much: how difficult it is to repeat,” Bochy said. “There’s been a number of reasons why we’re not where we want to be. Every season is different, it takes a life of its own, whether guys aren’t having their normal years or injuries.

“Our goal is to finish strong here. We got a bump in the road here, a pretty good one, but we’ll move on.”

Related
Prospects headed to D-backs instructional camp

January 9th, 2025

D-backs acquire infielder Kessinger in trade with Astros

January 8th, 2025

Kelly amped to share rotation with Burnes in '25

January 6th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Bradford, who has arguably been the Rangers’ best starter this season, gave up three consecutive hits to begin his outing Wednesday, including an RBI triple to Corbin Carroll and a two-run homer to Randal Grichuk that put the Rangers behind, 3-0, before they could even record an out.

The southpaw entered the day with a 2.88 ERA over his previous seven starts since rejoining the Rangers’ rotation at the beginning of August. He departed after giving up a season-worst eight runs on nine hits, including three homers, over 3 2/3 innings.

“Today was interesting,” Bradford said. “My body actually felt really good with a six-day rotation this week, so pregame catch and bullpen was really good. As for the game, I put us in a hole early, and you never want to do that as a starting pitcher. And it was a big hole, it was a 5-0 deficit after the second inning. And when I made mistakes over the plate, they capitalized today.”

Bradford and Nathan Eovaldi -- whose duel with D-backs ace Zac Gallen on Tuesday was a rematch of that fateful Game 5 -- combined to give up 12 runs on 16 hits against an Arizona lineup that is much improved from the last time the two teams met in Arlington in May.

Meanwhile, the Rangers mustered little offensive support across the two games, with just two extra-base hits -- a Semien homer and an Adolis García double on Wednesday -- and 11 total at-bats with runners in scoring position. Wyatt Langford, who accounted for four of the Rangers’ 12 hits in the series, continued his productive September, but Texas largely struggled otherwise.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“We were battling to get back in it; we just couldn’t hold [the D-backs],” Bochy said. “A hit here or there, we are in it. But they were doing all they could to get some runs and we had some men on base, but we couldn’t keep it going.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Arizona Diamondbacks

Cole Bradley is an editorial producer for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

January 10th, 2025

Who signed and who didn't? Breaking down the arbitration deadline

January 10th, 2025

Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

January 10th, 2025

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 10th, 2025

Dodgers avoid arb with all but one, exchange figures with Vesia

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/rangers-struggle-in-series-at-d-backs 
 ----- 
