NBA
Philadelphia 76ers
Tyrese Maxey's brutally honest assessment on 76ers amid 1-3 start

Tyrese Maxey explained what the 76ers have to do to stay afloat.

By 

Sam DiGiovanni

Oct 31, 2024 at 1:46 PM ET

PHILADELPHIA — The Philadelphia 76ers were expected to struggle with Joel Embiid and Paul George out. They were not expected to be bad enough to get nearly run off the floor by the Detroit Pistons, the last winless team in the Eastern Conference, on their home floor. It seems wild that, for the time being, Tobias Harris left his old team for greener pastures.

The 76ers have won just one of their first four games of the 2024-25 season. Their net rating ranks 27th in the NBA and their offensive rating ranks 25th. They have the worst three-point percentage in the league and the fewest assists per game by a wide margin. Although they have been great at crashing the offensive glass and getting to the foul line, Sixers basketball borders on unwatchable far too often.

Tyrese Maxey has weathered the storm and managed to make improvements game by game, reading defenses more proficiently and shooting with more respectable efficiency. His second-half takeover against the Indiana Pacers got Philly its first win but despite playing better right out of the gate against the Pistons, the Sixers couldn’t even crack a double-digit deficit until garbage time. Maxey's 31.5 points per game lead the league but so do his minutes per game of 42.0.

When asked for a common denominator for the Sixers' losses, Maxey offered transition defense and the need to better sync rebounding efforts as areas that need work. But he went on to explain that “a lot of different pieces” explain Philly's defeats. None of them, however, are very reassuring.

Sam DiGiovanni
@BySamDiGiovanni
·
Follow

Tyrese Maxey gives the skinny on each of the Sixers’ first 3 losses:

-Bucks: “They made some shots, we messed up some coverages.”
-Raptors: “We just didn’t play hard enough and didn’t play well enough.”
-Pistons: “They outplayed us…They out-rebounded us, they out-toughed us.”

Watch on Twitter
2:07 AM · Oct 31, 2024
203
Reply
Copy link
Read 5 replies
Expand Tweet

 

Before facing the Pistons, with a beatdown at the hands of the Toronto Raptors still fresh in their minds, Kelly Oubre Jr. said that the Sixers need to be wary of disrespecting opponents. This team, with the players currently active, is not good enough to smash the bottom feeders of the league and pick up a win simply by showing up. The talent level is way more even, so the games come down to execution and urgency. In both regards, the Sixers have been sorely lacking.

76ers must regroup after starting 2024-25 season with 1-3 record
© Bill Streicher-Imagn Images

“I thought we were sped up. I thought their physicality got us,” Nick Nurse said. “We didn't get a lot of screens set. They were breaking through, busting through a lot of 'em. We didn't put much pressure on the rim with our roll threat. I thought we did turn the corner and had some decent shots at the rim but, again, didn't finish a high enough rate of those…I think we were hesitant on a lot of stuff.”

The 76ers didn’t anticipate being without their stars for so long into the start of the season. Even with Embiid's knee taking a while to get up to speed despite the progress the team says he has been making, Philly anticipated having George ready before he suffered a bone bruise in his knee during the preseason. However, an untimely injury shouldn’t catch them off-guard, especially when they're planning to let them rest plenty in the regular season.

Being overly cautious with Embiid and George, especially at this point in the NBA calendar, is the right call for the Sixers. The playoffs do indeed matter the most and any injury that compromises them should be avoided. However, even with that being a common theme leading into the season, the team doesn’t seem prepared for it. The fact that Philly has so many new pieces only partly explains the early struggles.

Maxey said that the 76ers have to “be on our Ps and Qs at all times” without their stars. “Gotta keep fighting, keep finding ways for guys to get going, guys to get good shots,” he said. “We gotta be better on the defensive end. We gotta be better at all aspects. Without them, it's not much margin for error. We gotta cover up what they do.”

Embiid and George will eventually take the court this season. But they will also probably miss games at the same time again. Figuring out how to compete — let alone win — without them is something they must figure out.

Sam DiGiovanni is a beat writer at ClutchPoints covering the Philadelphia 76ers, with expertise covering the NBA at large as well as the NFL and MLB. The Marist College graduate previously wrote for The Knicks Wall, Philly Sports Network and Center Field Marist.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Sixers celebrate Jared McCain’s accomplishments after meniscus surgery
3 days ago
Wizards vs. 76ers prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
2 days ago
Are 76ers’ Joel Embiid, Paul George playing vs. Wizards? Latest injury update
1 day ago
76ers’ Joel Embiid, Paul George ruled out for Wizards clash
2 days ago
Keon Ellis likes 76ers IG trade request amid Mike Brown firing
1 week ago
76ers vs. Wizards: Tyrese Maxey comes through just in time to avoid collapse
1 day ago
76ers share tough Jared McCain announcement amid rookie’s injury
7 hours ago
Wizards’ Jared Butler achieves NBA dream despite loss vs. 76ers
9 hours ago
Tyrese Maxey reveals mindset to get Paul George going
2 days ago
The amount of threes Joel Embiid should take per game, per Nick Nurse
2 days ago
Jimmy Butler’s net worth in 2025
5 days ago
Is Joel Embiid playing vs. Suns? Latest injury update on 76ers superstar
3 days ago
Tyrese Maxey
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/76ers-news-tyrese-maxey-brutally-honest-assessment-on-philly-amid-1-3-start 
 ----- 
