News Partner
Philadelphia 76ers
Sixers’ Tyrese Maxey discusses building offensive chemistry
By Zach Ciavolella
Posted on October 31, 2024
Oct 30, 2024; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Philadelphia 76ers guard Tyrese Maxey (0) passes the ball around dDetroit Pistons center Isaiah Stewart (28) during the third quarter at Wells Fargo Center. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images
 Sign up for our email newsletter to stay up-to-date on the latest local sports news throughout Philadelphia.

PHILADELPHIA, PA — The Philadelphia 76ers a 1-3 on the young season after a disappointing loss against the Detroit Pistons. Once again, offensive struggles plagued the Sixers, who could only muster 95 against the, at the time, 0-4 Pistons.

It doesn’t take long, watching the Sixers’ offense, to notice how disjointed and uncomfortable the group looks. That’s common for a team that saw drastic change just a few months ago, but the issue is especially prevalent without two of the team’s top three stars.

While some of the team’s issues will be solved by the return of Joel Embiid and Paul George, there remains no public timeline on when that might be. In the meanwhile, and even thereafter, Tyrese Maxey will play a featured role in bringing this team’s offense together as its primary facilitator.

Never miss a play!
Get the latest local sports news delivered to your inbox.
SIGN UP

After the game, Maxey sat down with media members, looking back on the loss and looking forward to right the ship. Amongst the topics, Maxey discussed his role as the team’s primary facilitator and what has to happen for the offense to build chemistry.

Oct 25, 2024; Toronto, Ontario, CAN; Philadelphia 76ers guard Tyrese Maxey (0) controls the ball as Toronto Raptors guard Davion Mitchell (45) defends in the first half at Scotiabank Arena. Mandatory Credit: Dan Hamilton-Imagn Images

“[There were] a couple plays where I got downhill and tried to skip it and tried to create second side action,” Maxey said. “We [have] to shoot some of those. Coach showed a couple clips today of me and somebody else get into the paint, collapsing defense, kicking it out, and we got to shoot them, no matter who it is.”

Maxey believes in his teammates and in their ability as defenders. It’s why he remains confident that the shots will eventually start to fall if his teammates take them when open.

“We work every day,” Maxey said. “Guys work on their games every day, and they can shoot.”

Oct 14, 2024; Atlanta, Georgia, USA; Philadelphia 76ers forward Caleb Martin (16) dribbles against the Atlanta Hawks in the second quarter at State Farm Arena. Mandatory Credit: Brett Davis-Imagn Images

Maxey also addressed his desire to improve his chemistry with Caleb Martin, which, as he described, involves Maxey setting him up and Martin knocking down the open shot.

“I tell Caleb all the time, ‘l want you to shoot as many open threes as you can.’ [At the] beginning of the game, I drove in, kicked it to him, he shot, he missed it, I got it back, drove it again, kicked right back to him, [and told] him to shoot it because that’s the only way that it’s gonna open up all of us.”

The Sixers are far from a finished product. Embiid and George will one day—likely—return and Daryl Morey will surely spend every moment planning ahead for the NBA trade deadline in February, but the team’s chemistry is ever-building.

It’s been uglier than expected initially, but it is a long season. The Sixers have 78 more games to build the chemistry necessary to compete come the postseason. However, they should figure it out as soon as possible to avoid any possibility of missing it entirely.

Zach Ciavolella

Editor and beat reporter for Metro Philadelphia and Philly Sports Network covering the Philadelphia 76ers. Follow him on Twitter @CiavoNBA and follow the rest of our team for more quality content. “The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life – mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical” – DR. J

Related Articles
Sixers struggle mightily against Tobias Harris’ Pistons, fall 95-105
Sixers ‘hope to have a better indication’ of Embiid and George’s progress on Friday
The Sixers’ lack of transparency has only hurt themselves and their fans
Shams: Sixers Joel Embiid has begun participating in five-on-five scrimmaging
Jobs in Philadelphia
ADD YOUR JOB
Loach Janitorial Cleaning
Cleaning Manager
Bucks County Windows
Marketing Intern
The Franklin Institute
Operations Technician I
VIEW ALL JOBS…
Things to do in Philadelphia

 POST AN EVENT

Today, 4 pm
“LET IT GLOW!” A Holiday Lantern Spectacular

Bergen County Zoo
Today, 7 pm
The Murder Mystery Co’s Dinner Theater Show

cavanaugh’s headhouse
Tomorrow, 1 pm
The 42nd Annual Boar’s Head & Yule Log Festival

St. Peter’s Lutheran Church
Tomorrow, 8 pm
Renegade: The Ultimate Tribute to Styx at Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia

Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia
Jan. 12, 11 am
Hibernation Happenings

Tenafly Nature Center
Jan. 12, 1 pm
Disney’s Encanto Sing Along

Bergen Performing Arts Center

VIEW ALL EVENTS…

More from our Sister Sites
Tailgate Sports
MLB Over/Under Bet of the Day: June 13, Royals vs Giants
AMNY
Op-ed | Letting NY grocery stores sell wine will be a big small business boost
The Brooklyn Game
Offseason checklist: What Brooklyn Nets have to do this summer
Metro Philadelphia
Philadelphia Zoo announces new ‘Key to the Zoo’ private access tours
Contact Us
Work for Us
Networking Events
Jobs in Philadelphia
© 2025 Schneps Media
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://phillysportsnetwork.com/2024/10/31/sixers-tyrese-maxey-chemistry/ 
 ----- 
