Skip to content
Subscribe Now
27°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO CUBS
Column: The talent is there for the Chicago Cubs. So why is another promising season fading to black?
The Cubs’ Seiya Suzuki reacts after striking out during the eighth inning against the Athletics on Sept. 18, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Nuccio DiNuzzo/Getty Images)
By PAUL SULLIVAN | psullivan@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 19, 2024 at 7:23 AM CST

The ivy started turning a little earlier than usual this month at Wrigley Field, ensuring a picturesque backdrop for a ballgame come October.

But with seven home games remaining and the Chicago Cubs playing out the string in the 2024 season, that scenic view once again will be wasted.

Maybe next year?

Barring a miraculous turn of events, the Cubs will miss out on the postseason for the fourth straight year, their longest such stretch since 2009-14, the end of the Jim Hendry era and the start of Theo Epstein’s rebuild that was supposed to bring “sustained success” to the North Side.

The success that peaked with the 2016 championship season could not be sustained, of course, and now Epstein’s longtime friend and successor, Cubs President Jed Hoyer, is left to pick up the pieces and explain how he plans to fix things in 2025.

A 5-3 loss to the Oakland Athletics on a picture-perfect, 81-degree Wednesday afternoon at Wrigley provided a virtual flashback to the late 1970s and early ’80s, when a half-empty park and busloads of grade-school students chanting from the far reaches of the upper deck were the norm in September.

All that was missing was Jack Brickhouse reviewing the “unhappy totals” to the sounds of beer and pop cups being smashed on the concourse by the Wrigley cleanup crew.

With the Cubs’ loss, the Milwaukee Brewers clinched the National League Central for the third time in four years before their home game against the Philadelphia Phillies. The Cubs were 6½ games out of the third NL wild-card spot before the night games with 10 games remaining.

“That puts us in a nearly impossible situation, no question about it,” manager Craig Counsell said. “We didn’t have room to lose two out of three (to the A’s), no doubt.”

A 17-9 start in March and April turned out to be an illusion. The Cubs played at a .360 clip (22-39) over the next two-plus months to fall nine games under .500 on July 3, effectively ending their season before the All-Star break.

“Obviously earlier in the year we had a different expectation,” shortstop Dansby Swanson said. “That’s just the reality of the situation right now. We’ve got 10 games left to make something happen.”

They also would need a total collapse by the New York Mets to make it happen, which doesn’t appear likely.

Cubs manager Craig Counsell, left, talks with players during a visit to the mound in the third inning Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

Asked before Wednesday’s game to gauge his level of disappointment over the wide gap between his Cubs and the Brewers, Counsell said: “They’re likely to win the division, and we didn’t win. They earned it. They deserve it. They beat us.”

There was not much more for Counsell to say about a season that began with so much optimism but will end the same way as 2023, when a 6-14 collapse in September erased the Cubs’ wild-card lead and led to the shocking dismissal of manager David Ross.

Counsell was headed to the postseason with the Brewers last September but now will watch his former team in the playoffs and try to figure out how to get back with the Cubs.

His Cubs did bounce back from their long summer swoon to the periphery of the wild-card race, finding themselves three games out of the third spot at the start of September. But despite a relatively weak schedule, the Cubs are 7-9 this month with series losses to two last-place teams — the Pittsburgh Pirates and Colorado Rockies — and this one to the 86-loss A’s.

Swanson suggested that big swings of winning and losing “happen to every team” but added that “the best teams are able to limit the stretches where they’re down.”

“Same as an individual going through a slump,” he said. “The best ones don’t seem to be in them very long. Obviously that’s something we can get better at and continue to push through on.”

The Cubs’ Ian Happ strikes out swinging during the third inning Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

Many Cubs players will wind up at or near their average yearly performance levels. The Cubs entered Wednesday with a .752 OPS in the second half, sixth in the majors, after finishing the first half 18th at .695.

Ian Happ has bounced back from an awful start to tie a career high with 25 home runs. Rookie Pete Crow-Armstrong has emerged as a go-to guy, while Michael Busch has been one of the top NL rookies. The Cubs have four quality starters returning in Justin Steele, Shota Imanaga, Jameson Taillon and Javier Assad.

The talent is there, yet it never seemed to jell at the same time.

RELATED ARTICLES
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
Lenny Randle, ‘The Most Interesting Man in Baseball’ who spent a season with the Chicago Cubs, dies at 75
Japanese pitcher Roki Sasaki may visit teams — including the Chicago Cubs — as he narrows down signing choices
Chicago Cubs acquire versatile infielder Vidal Bruján and send first baseman Matt Mervis to the Miami Marlins

“We’d obviously love to be winning the division, leading the wild card or obviously in a different position,” Steele said. “The cards have fallen where they may. We’ve kind of put ourselves in this position, but I feel like there are some people in the locker room that have good things to hang their hat on.”

Steele came off the injured list Wednesday and started for the first time since Aug. 27, leaving after 57 pitches with the bases loaded in the third. He allowed no runs on two hits and three walks and was pleased with the outing.

The Cubs scored three in the fifth to take a 3-1 lead, but the bullpen couldn’t hold it, suffering its 25th blown save in 59 chances. The A’s scored a pair in the seventh to tie, and Zack Gelof’s RBI double off Nate Pearson in the eighth gave them the lead for keeps.

A’s closer Mason Miller, the man with the 103 mph fastball, ended the game by inducing the speedy Crow-Armstrong to ground into a double play. Crow-Armstrong flung his helmet to the dirt in disgust, a fitting gesture of futility in a season full of missed opportunities.

As the crowd of 27,806 filed out, the Wrigley organist played Pearl Jam’s “Rearviewmirror.” Another season the Cubs would like to put in their rearview mirror is almost over.

But, hey, the ivy is turning colors.

Catch it while you can.

Originally Published: September 18, 2024 at 6:17 PM CST
Around the Web
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Iowa: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
Why Hgtv Star Christina Hall Loves This 1-day Bath Remodel
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Local Grandma Creates Popular Bra Worn by Women Everywhere!
Libiyi
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Shirem
Early Signals of Tardive Dyskinesia That Many People Tend to Ignore! (See More!)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Put a Red Cup Under the Toilet Seat at Night if Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Always Put a Crayon in Your Wallet When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Nightly Cure: How Your Bedtime Routine Can Reset Nerve Damage
2025 Neuropathy Guide
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
9 Years Ago Most Beautiful Twins. Their Appearance Today Will Shock You
novelodge
Council Bluffs: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Sneaky Way Iowa Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Anita Bryant, a popular singer who became known for opposition to gay rights, dies at 84
Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M.
Paul Vallas: What Illinois’ population exodus tells us about the state and Chicago
Editorial: It’s the kids who can’t read, not the teachers
Opening date may be pushed back for new restaurant in downtown Aurora
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Bird flu: Here’s what Illinois residents should know, following the first US death from the virus
Maximizing Caleb Williams’ Year 2 growth is a ‘huge factor’ in the Chicago Bears coaching search
Leo Segedin, artist whose magic realism often depicted his West Side youth, dies at 97
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN CHICAGO CUBS
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
Lenny Randle, ‘The Most Interesting Man in Baseball’ who spent a season with the Chicago Cubs, dies at 75
Japanese pitcher Roki Sasaki may visit teams — including the Chicago Cubs — as he narrows down signing choices
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
2024
September
18
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/18/chicago-cubs-craig-counsell-disappointing-season/ 
 ----- 
