Skip to content
Subscribe Now
42°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Onset of weekend will bring a wind advisory to Bay Area, but fire danger considered low
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICSNews
Tyler Soderstrom homers, scores twice to lift the Athletics over Cubs 5-3
1 of 10

Oakland Athletics’ Tyler Soderstrom celebrates with teammates after hitting a solo home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: September 19, 2024 at 4:10 AM PST

By Gavin Dorsey | The Associated Press

CHICAGO — Tyler Soderstrom homered and had two hits, two runs and two RBIs while Zack Gelof hit a double to take the lead in the eighth as the Athletics beat the Cubs 5-3.

The A’s win helped the Milwaukee Brewers become the first major league team to earn a spot in the playoffs, on Wednesday. Chicago’s loss clinches a playoff berth for the Brewers, who won the National League Central division for the third time in four years.

The 22-year-old Soderstrom scored two runs and drove in two more to help Oakland to a series victory over the Cubs, the Athletics’ first since 2013. Brent Rooker was 2 for 3 with an RBI and a pair of walks.

Tyler Ferguson (4-2) picked up the win after throwing a hitless seventh inning, and Michel Otañez struck out two in the eighth. Mason Miller earned his 27th save of the year, setting a new franchise rookie record.

“Coming into the season and through spring training, we saw the confidence, we saw the demeanor and the ability to handle that high-leverage situation,” A’s manager Mark Kotsay said about Miller. “We started him out right at the beginning of the year in that closing role, and he’s just had such a great season doing it. The confidence that this club has turning the ball over to him feels really good.”

Oakland sits at just 67-86 in the standings, third-worst in the American League. Despite the A’s 2024 struggles, a 5-4 road trip against the Astros, White Sox and Cubs, along with a 30-25 record since the All-Star Break, have given Oakland players confidence and hope as they look to finish the season strong and build momentum into 2025.

“At this point of the year, obviously out of playoff contention, it’d be pretty easy to just mail that one in in the fifth or sixth inning and try to get back on the road and get back home, but that’s not the character of this group,” Rooker said. “The group of guys in here is going to go out there and fight until the last out and try to win every game possible, and that’s what we did.”

Batting in just his fourth game since returning from a left wrist injury, Soderstrom hit a home run in the fourth inning to mark his first long ball since June 28 and give Oakland the lead, 1-0.

The Cubs were held to just two hits through four innings, but finally connected in the fifth. With the bases loaded, Dansby Swanson and Seiya Suzuki hit RBI singles and Cody Bellinger’s sacrifice fly made it 3-1.

The streak of hits ended rookie pitcher Brady Basso’s day after 4 2/3 innings. He gave up three runs on six hits and two walks, but struck out five.

Soderstrom and Tyler Nevin each singled in the seventh, and Lawrence Butler and Rooker brought them home to tie it up.

RELATED ARTICLES
Athletics agree to $60 million, 5-year contract with slugger Brent Rooker, per source
Timeline: The biggest Bay Area sports stories of 2024
Bay Area sports rewind: Recounting the wild ride that was 2024
Rickey Henderson’s daughter addresses reports of false funeral service
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland

Gelof’s RBI double in the eighth regained the lead for Oakland. Gelof advanced to third on the throw, putting him in position to score and take a 5-3 lead on a hard-hit grounder to second by Soderstrom.

Chicago’s Justin Steele had a short return to action in his first game back from elbow tendonitis, going just 2 2/3 innings. He allowed two hits and three walks to go along with a strikeout, then was taken out after loading the bases in the third. Ethan Roberts took over for the final out, and zero earned runs were attached to Steele. Cubs manager Craig Counsell said before the game that he expected Steele’s Wednesday start to be short and that he planned to slowly reintroduce him to playing again.

Nate Pearson (2-2) took the loss after giving up two runs in 1 1/3 innings.

UP NEXT

The A’s expect J.T. Ginn (0-1, 4.94) to start Friday at home against the Yankees and Gerrit Cole (6-5, 3.97 ERA).

Originally Published: September 18, 2024 at 4:09 PM PST
Around the Web
Remodeling Star: Cheapest Way to Get a Walk in Shower in Iowa
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Sneaky Way Iowa Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy is Sweeping Iowa
Rechol
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
A Grandma's Bra Invention Taking Council Bluffs by Storm
Libiyi
How to Get Started Investing in Gold and Silver Tax-free
American Hartford Gold
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
Iowa Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Painlessly in Seconds!
Ribili
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Nightly Cure: How Your Bedtime Routine Can Reset Nerve Damage
2025 Neuropathy Guide
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Intrigued!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Experts From US Have Found a Way to Get Rid of Baldness in 4 Days!
BioGrow
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Council Bluffs: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
Revolutionize Your Sight: Smart Zoom Glasses for All
Outfany
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
20 Rare & Forgotten Super Cars of the Past
SpilledDaily
Put an Ice Cube in Your Burgers and Watch What Happens!
Health Review
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Dangerous Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia - Take a Peek Now!
Tardive | Search Ads
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Worried About Inflation? Try This Gold Strategy
GoldCo
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
What Causes Myelodysplasia Might Surprise You. It's Not What You Think
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Council Bluffs: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
This Little-known Stretch Eliminates Joint Pain in No Time (Genius)
Healthier Living Tips
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
Breakfast: 15 Foods You Should Never Eat in the Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
What the Los Angeles fires might mean for the Bay Area home insurance market
Henry Winkler riles up conspiracists with L.A. fire theory
In historic deal, Point Reyes ranchers, National Park Service and environmentalists reach agreement on disputed land
Macy’s, Kohl’s prep Bay Area store closures as retail chains struggle
Ben Affleck finds home survived Palisades fire while Billy Crystal and John Goodman mourn their losses
Will smoke from the Los Angeles fires head to the Bay Area?
“Extreme fire behavior” expected in Los Angeles as fires rage
Magnitude 3.7 earthquake shakes off coast of San Francisco
Judge sentences Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment
Asking Eric: I’m always in second place to whomever he’s dating
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime

TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
Oakland A’s teammates, sports luminaries mourn Rickey Henderson
From the archives: How Oakland A’s legend Rickey Henderson was molded by ‘Billy Ball’
2024
September
18
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2024/09/18/tyler-soderstrom-scores-twice-to-lift-the-athletics-over-the-cubs-5-3/ 
 ----- 
