Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Soderstrom and Gelof lead A’s past Cubs 5-3, clinching NL Central crown for Brewers
1 of 11 |  

Oakland Athletics’ Tyler Soderstrom celebrates with teammates after hitting a solo home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

2 of 11 |  

Oakland Athletics’ Zack Gelof hits a one-run double during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

3 of 11 |  

Oakland Athletics’ Seth Brown, left, scores past Chicago Cubs catcher Miguel Amaya after Oakland Athletics’ Zack Gelof hit a one-run double during the eighth inning of a baseball game in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

4 of 11 |  

Chicago Cubs’ Dansby Swanson hits a one-run single during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Oakland Athletics in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

5 of 11 |  

Oakland Athletics starting pitcher Brady Basso celebrates with teammates in the dugout after the third inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

6 of 11 |  

Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Justin Steele, right, throws out Oakland Athletics’ Shea Langeliers at first during the first inning of a baseball game in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

7 of 11 |  

Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Justin Steele reacts after Oakland Athletics’ Brent Rooker hit a single during the third inning of a baseball game in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

8 of 11 |  

Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Justin Steele throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Oakland Athletics in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

9 of 11 |  

Chicago Cubs relief pitcher Ethan Roberts looks down after Oakland Athletics’ Tyler Soderstrom hit a solo home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

10 of 11 |  

Oakland Athletics starting pitcher Brady Basso throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

11 of 11 |  

Oakland Athletics’ Tyler Soderstrom, right, celebrates with Tyler Nevin after hitting a solo home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs in Chicago, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

BY  GAVIN DORSEY
Updated 1:02 AM UTC, September 19, 2024
Share

CHICAGO (AP) — Tyler Soderstrom homered and Zack Gelof hit a tiebreaking double in the eighth inning as the Oakland Athletics beat the Chicago Cubs 5-3 on Wednesday, putting the Milwaukee Brewers in the playoffs.

Chicago’s loss clinched the NL Central title for the Brewers, their third in four years. Milwaukee became the first major league team to reach the 2024 postseason.

The 22-year-old Soderstrom drove in two runs and scored two more to help Oakland to its first series victory over the Cubs since 2013. Brent Rooker was 2 for 3 with an RBI and two walks.

Tyler Ferguson (4-2) threw a hitless seventh for the win, and Michel Otañez struck out two in the eighth. Mason Miller earned his 27th save, setting a franchise rookie record.

“Coming into the season and through spring training, we saw the confidence, we saw the demeanor and the ability to handle that high-leverage situation,” A’s manager Mark Kotsay said. “We started him out right at the beginning of the year in that closing role, and he’s just had such a great season doing it. The confidence that this club has turning the ball over to him feels really good.”

Oakland (67-86) has the third-worst record in the American League. But a 5-4 trip against the Astros, White Sox and Cubs, along with a 30-25 mark since the All-Star break, has given the A’s confidence as they look to finish the season strong and build momentum for 2025.

RELATED STORIES
A's manager Mark Kotsay excited about team's offseason moves
Milwaukee Brewers complete their staff by hiring Julio Borbón as first base coach
The Yankees have moved on quickly after losing Juan Soto. Roki Sasaki could be next

“At this point of the year, obviously out of playoff contention, it’d be pretty easy to just mail that one in in the fifth or sixth inning and try to get back on the road and get back home, but that’s not the character of this group,” Rooker said. “The group of guys in here is going to go out there and fight until the last out and try to win every game possible, and that’s what we did.”

Playing his fourth game since returning from a left wrist injury, Soderstrom hit a home run in the fourth for his first longball since June 28 to give Oakland a 1-0 lead.

The Cubs were held to two hits through four innings, but finally broke through in the fifth. With the bases loaded, Dansby Swanson and Seiya Suzuki hit RBI singles, and Cody Bellinger’s sacrifice fly made it 3-1.

The outburst ended rookie starter Brady Basso’s day after 4 2/3 innings. He gave up three runs on six hits and two walks with five strikeouts.

Soderstrom and Tyler Nevin each singled in the seventh, and Lawrence Butler and Rooker brought them home to tie it.

Gelof’s run-scoring double in the eighth regained the lead for Oakland. Gelof advanced to third on the throw, putting him in position to score on a hard-hit grounder to second by Soderstrom that gave the A’s a 5-3 advantage.

Cubs starter Justin Steele had a short return to action in his first game back from elbow tendinitis, going just 2 2/3 innings. He allowed two hits and three walks to go along with a strikeout, then was taken out after loading the bases in the third.

Ethan Roberts took over for the final out of the inning, and zero earned runs were attached to Steele. Cubs manager Craig Counsell said before the game that he expected Steele’s start to be short.

Nate Pearson (2-2) took the loss after giving up two runs in 1 1/3 innings.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Cubs: Steele and RHP Jorge López were activated from the 15-day injured list. Chicago optioned RHP Daniel Palencia and RHP Jack Neely to Triple-A Iowa. Steele last pitched in August before starting Wednesday. … Counsell on RHP Hunter Wesneski, out since July 19 with a forearm injury: “He’ll be active when we feel like there’s a need and it’s appropriate, but he’s ready to go.”

UP NEXT

Athletics: RHP J.T. Ginn (0-1, 4.94 ERA) pitches Friday at home against the Yankees.

Cubs: RHP Javier Assad (7-5, 3.27 ERA) starts Thursday’s series opener against Washington.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of patient left in scalding hot bath tub
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Former first lady Michelle Obama didn't attend the state funeral for former Presi...
AP News
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be...
A judge has ruled that a Wisconsin woman who stabbed her sixth grade classmate t...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Iowa That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Level...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As...
Eliminate Glare and Reduce Eye Fatigue.
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles, Trump doesn't offer much sym...
As the cataclysmic wildfires rage across Los Angeles, President-elect Donald...
AP News
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito says he spoke with Trum...
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito spoke with President-elect Donald Trump abou...
AP News
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates historical...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Minnesota judge orders Mike Lindell's MyPillow to pay nearl...
A Minnesota judge has ordered MyPillow to pay nearly $778,000 for unpaid bills an...
AP News
Celebrities among those who lost homes as devastating Los...
Wildfires that are burning in and around Los Angeles have burned the homes of...
AP News
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
3 Simple Steps to Use Cinnamon for Lower Blood Sugar
Longevity Portal
Advertisement:
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Trial
Dexcom:Advertisement
Try Now
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet:Advertisement
Get Offer
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/cubs-athletics-score-42003b87ff93b6c5b8511ab965c754ab 
 ----- 
