OAKLAND ATHLETICS

A’s use pair of HRs from Shea Langeliers to top Cubs

Sep 18, 2024, 5:58 AM | Updated: 7:11 am

(Photo by Griffin Quinn/Getty Images)

Share 

BY FIELD LEVEL MEDIA




Sactown Sports

Shea Langeliers hit two home runs and had three RBIs to help the visiting Oakland Athletics to a 4-3 win against the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night.

Starting pitcher Mitch Spence (8-9) allowed two runs on seven hits and one walk while striking out six in five innings for Oakland, which snapped a three-game losing streak. Mason Miller gave up one run and fanned two in the ninth for his 26th save of the year.

Ian Happ pulled the Cubs (77-74) within one in the ninth with his second home run of the night, a solo shot over the left field wall. With it, he matched a single-season career high with his 25th long ball of the season.

Bangeliers’ fifth career multi-homer game 😱 pic.twitter.com/V53fBsB7Q6

— A’s on NBCS (@NBCSAthletics) September 18, 2024

Athletics vs. Cubs recap

Langeliers put the Athletics (66-86) ahead 4-2 in the fifth inning when he sent a changeup 418 feet to the left field deck for his 28th home run of the season, a solo shot.

Cubs starter Jordan Wicks (2-4) got the final two outs of the frame to end his outing, with four runs allowed on seven hits in his five innings. Wicks walked two and fanned four.

In the sixth, Oakland started to threaten against reliever Shawn Armstrong. With two on and one out, Max Schuemann delivered a hard-hit ball that appeared destined for right field, but he was denied by a leaping grab from second baseman Nico Hoerner, who managed to turn a double play.

The Cubs had chances to score in the first two innings, with a pair of baserunners in each frame, but they couldn’t capitalize and found themselves down by three entering the bottom of the third.

Happ led off the inning with a solo shot to right-center to make it 3-1. Cody Bellinger later singled and scored on Michael Busch’s base hit to right, narrowing Chicago’s deficit to 3-2.

Oakland took a 2-0 lead in the first inning. Brent Rooker singled with one out and Langeliers followed by belting a fastball into the center field seats.

In the third, Lawrence Butler connected for his 22nd home run of the season, knocking a solo shot while facing a full count to make it 3-0.

Hoerner went 3-for-4 for Chicago.

–Field Level Media

Upcoming Oakland Athletics Schedule
Monday, September 16th-Wednesday, September 18th – @ Chicago Cubs
Friday, September 20th-Sunday, September 22nd – vs. New York Yankees
Tuesday, September 24th-Thursday, September 26th – Texas Rangers
Friday, September 27th – Sunday, September 29th – @ Seattle Mariners
End of 2024 regular season

Thank you for reading SactownSports.com. Follow us on Twitter and Google News, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.

Newsletter
Share 
Oakland Athletics

Brenden Nunes

Do new agreements eliminate any chance of the A’s staying in Sacramento?

1 month ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

A’s GM says team does not plan to trade Brent Rooker

2 months ago

Field Level Media

A’s trade OF Daz Cameron to Orioles

2 months ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

A’s announce first pitch times for 2025 season in Sacramento

2 months ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Report: A’s to play on grass in Sacramento, not turf

3 months ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Here are the newly released plans for the A’s stadium in Las Vegas

3 months ago

A’s use pair of HRs from Shea Langeliers to top Cubs

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Email Story


CONTACT US
FOLLOW ON FACEBOOK
FOLLOW ON TWITTER
JOB OPENINGS
ARIZONASPORTS.COM | DENVERSPORTS.COM | KSLSPORTS.COM | SACTOWNSPORTS.COM | SEATTLESPORTS.COM
AIM DIGITAL AGENCY
© 2025 BONNEVILLE INTERNATIONAL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY | DO NOT SELL MY DATA
EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT | COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT | LICENSING
FCC APPLICATIONS | FCC PUBLIC FILE
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc.. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sactownsports.com/mlb-oakland-athletics-chicago-cubs-shea-langeliers-recap/ 
 ----- 
