The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Cubs' loss to A's hands Brewers NL Central title
The wild card had been a more realistic route into the playoffs. But the Cubs are essentially out of that race, too.
By  Maddie Lee   Sept 18, 2024, 11:51pm UTC

The Brewers’ Zack Gelof is safe at home, beating Cubs catcher Christian Bethancourt’s tag, during the eighth inning Wednesday.

Nuccio DiNuzzo/Getty Images

SHARE
COPY LINK

The pitch that sealed the National League Central race zipped out of A’s closer Mason Miller’s hand, recorded at 99.6 mph, and Cubs rookie Pete Crow Armstrong’s bat met it near the bottom of the strike zone.

Outside of a fifth-inning rally, the Cubs offense hadn’t put up much of a fight. But with a runner on and one out in the ninth, this was their last chance to close the gap.

Crow-Armstrong’s hard-hit grounder, however, was just a step away from A’s second baseman Zack Gelof, who slung the ball to second to start a double play.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
Cubs sign veteran reliever Caleb Thielbar to one-year deal
Free agent Roki Sasaki has yet to 'narrow the field,' but the Cubs at least cleared the first step
Cubs trade first baseman Matt Mervis to Marlins for utility player Vidal Brujan
How you voted on the best, worst Chicago sports stories of 2024
LATEST STORIES
Snow causing delays, cancellations on air and ground in Chicago; over 100 flights canceled at O'Hare
Naperville North quarterback Jacob Bell picks Indiana
Was 2024 the worst year for Chicago sports? Sun-Times readers weigh in
Edgewater mural, inspired by nature and folk art, brightens dilapidated lot
ESPN, Fox, Warner Bros. Discovery discontinue Venu Sports
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
BEARS
Bears head coach candidate tracker: Pete Carroll interviews, Ben Johnson will soon
Tracking the candidates in the Bears’ wide-ranging head coaching search.
By Patrick Finley  and  Jason Lieser  Jan 10, 2025, 4:41pm UTC
NEWS
Firefighter improving after injury during Gage Park warehouse blaze
The firefighter’s injuries were not considered life threatening, fire officials said after the firefighter was taken in critical condition to Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 10, 2025, 3:53pm UTC
NATION/WORLD
Judge sentences Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment
Trump’s sentence of an unconditional discharge caps a norm-smashing case that saw the former and future president charged with 34 felonies, put on trial for almost two months and convicted by a jury on every count.
By AP  Jan 10, 2025, 3:46pm UTC
CHICAGO SKY AND WNBA
Ranking the top WNBA free agents in 2025
The free-agent class, led by Kelsey Plum, has a lot of talent, but new CBA coming in 2025 means one-year deals in 2024.
By Annie Costabile  Jan 10, 2025, 3:43pm UTC
COLUMNISTS
Mexican Americans who visit homeland are at risk of deadly violence
Last month, two Chicagoans and a Rockford-area man were killed while visiting family in Mexico. The son of one Chicago man was critically wounded. Violence in Mexico shows no signs of letting up.
By Marlen Garcia  Jan 10, 2025, 12:52pm UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2024/09/18/cubs-5-3-loss-to-as-hand-brewers-nl-central-division-title 
 ----- 
