Skip to content
Subscribe Now
38°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Eaton, Palisades fires slow as containment grows, 24 dead; firefighters prepare for new winds
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICSNews
Pleasanton’s TJ Friedl rallies Reds past the A’s despite Lawrence Butler’s three homers
Oakland A’s win two of three from Reds behind Butler’s five-homer series; visit to Bruce Bochy and Texas Rangers starts Friday
1 of 8

Cincinnati Reds’ TJ Friedl hits a single on a ground ball to right field, driving in Jonathan India and Elly De La Cruz during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Oakland Athletics, Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: August 30, 2024 at 4:10 AM PDT

CINCINNATI — The Cincinnati Reds never found a way to slow down A’s outfielder Lawrence Butler, who homered three more times on Thursday and clobbered five in three games at Great American Ballpark.  But a Bay Area native capped a ninth-inning rally that allowed the Reds to overcome Butler and avoid being swept by the A’s.

TJ Friedl, who starred at Pleasanton’s Foothill High, capped Cincinnati’s three-run ninth inning with a two-run single in the Reds’ 10-9 comeback win. Oakland won the first two games of the series, and now head to Arlington to face the Texas Rangers for a three-game series that begins Friday.

TJ BRINGS 'EM HOME@TjFriedl1 pic.twitter.com/asiszFSSMT

— Cincinnati Reds (@Reds) August 30, 2024

RELATED ARTICLES
Athletics agree to $60 million, 5-year contract with slugger Brent Rooker, per source
Timeline: The biggest Bay Area sports stories of 2024
Bay Area sports rewind: Recounting the wild ride that was 2024
Rickey Henderson’s daughter addresses reports of false funeral service
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
The A’s saw their four-game winning streak snapped despite leading by five in the fourth inning and taking a 9-7 lead into the bottom of the ninth.

“You score nine runs, you expect to win those ballgames, and I think just the true lesson is that we have the ability to come back,” A’s manager Mark Kotsay said.

Oakland closer Mason Miller saved each of the first two games in the series, so manager Mark Kotsay sent Grant Holman (0-1) to the mound for the ninth. And the Reds rallied against the rookie right-hander who was seeking his first big league save.

Rece Hinds reached on a leadoff walk and Jonathan India singled. Elly De La Cruz walked ahead of Tyler Stephenson’s RBI single, and Friedl grounded a game-ending single into right field.

“It was a back-and-forth series. Every time we answered, they answered back,” Friedl said. “We’re going to keep fighting. That’s all we know. Tonight it paid off.”

The A’s out-hit the Reds 14-8, but Oakland pitchers combined to walk seven batters and hit three more with pitches.

Cincinnati Reds’ TJ Friedl hits a single on a ground ball to right field, driving in Jonathan India and Elly De La Cruz during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Oakland Athletics, Thursday, Aug. 29, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) 

Butler hit a two-run drive in the second and a solo shot in the fourth, helping Oakland build a 6-1 lead. He also homered in the first two games of the series. In all, Butler went 7 for 14, drove in eight runs and scored five times over the three games.

Butler is tied with JJ Bleday for third on the team with 19 homers behind Brent Rooker (31) and Shea Langeliers (22).

After homering in the A’s first two wins in the series, Butler hit a two-run homer in the second inning to give the A’s a 4-0 lead. He and Bleday hit back-to-back solo homers in the fourth inning as the A’s expanded their lead to 6-1. Butler hit another solo homer in the ninth. It was his second three-homer game of the season after he also went deep three times in an 18-3 win at Philadelphia on July 14.

Butler opened the ninth with his 19th homer, a drive to right off Alexis Díaz that tied it at 7. Rooker then walked and Bleday doubled ahead of Seth Brown’s tiebreaking two-run single. Bleday had five hits for the A’s, including his 19th homer. Brown finished with two hits and three RBIs.

 LAWRENCE BUTLER DOES IT AGAIN!!! pic.twitter.com/FZARPLrwiD

— Oakland A's (@Athletics) August 29, 2024

Stephenson and Will Benson homered for Cincinnati, which had lost five of six. Stephenson finished with three hits and two RBIs.

The struggling Díaz was replaced by onetime A’s reliever Emilio Pagán (4-4), who retired his only three batters.

Cincinnati right-hander Julian Aguiar was tagged for six runs and 10 hits in four innings in his third career start.

Stephenson hit his 18th homer in the fourth, and the Reds added two more runs in the fifth. India walked with the bases loaded, and De La Cruz drove in a run with a groundout.

Cincinnati scored three runs in the sixth without a hit. Joe Boyle hit Friedl with his first pitch, and the reliever walked three straight batters with one out. T. J. McFarland replaced Boyle and hit pinch-hitter Amed Rosario, forcing in a run, before India gave the Reds the lead with a flyball to center.

Andujar out for the season

After playing through the pain for the past few weeks, A’s left fielder Miguel Andujar will undergo season-ending muscle core surgery, the team announced before the game.

Andujar, who had a slash line of .285/.320/.377 in 70 games with Oakland, was placed on the 10-day injured list. He was replaced on the roster by infielder Nick Allen, who was recalled from Triple-A Las Vegas.

Andujar was picked up on waivers from the Pirates during the off-season and he turned out to be quite a bargain after earning a $1.7 million contract. He gave the A’s a strong presence in the middle of the lineup, particularly against left-handers. The right-handed hitter batted .411/.459/.536 in 61 at-bats against lefties.

Originally Published: August 29, 2024 at 5:58 PM PDT
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Leslie Charleson, ‘General Hospital’s’ Dr. Monica Quartermaine, dies at 79
Wish You Were Here: Exploring Sydney’s seafood restaurants, iconic sights
San Jose man is perplexed by cone-shaped mounds in sidewalk cracks
TasteFood: Citrus-infused cookies to beat the winter blahs
Travel: Bend is Oregon’s winter wonderland
Former child star Rory Callum Sykes dies in L.A. wildfire after mother couldn’t save him
New ‘no trespassing’ law in Milpitas has teeth
Of the Bay Area’s 10 most expensive home sales of 2024, half were in one city
Searchable map: Houses destroyed in Los Angeles’ Palisades fire
Map: Palisades and Eaton fire perimeters and evacuation zones

TRENDING NATIONALLY
Evacuations soar in the San Fernando Valley, Brentwood as Palisades fire extends to Day 5
Hit by an NYPD cruiser, she tried to report the accident. That’s when the runaround started.
Searchable map: Houses destroyed in Los Angeles’ Palisades fire
Owner of three struggling Connecticut hospitals files for bankruptcy 
Macy’s is closing 66 stores nationwide
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
Oakland A’s teammates, sports luminaries mourn Rickey Henderson
From the archives: How Oakland A’s legend Rickey Henderson was molded by ‘Billy Ball’
2024
August
29
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

﻿SAVE NOW
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2024/08/29/tj-friedl-hits-a-game-ending-single-as-the-reds-rally-past-the-as-for-a-10-9-win/ 
 ----- 
