Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
NBA
Paolo Banchero Stats Tonight: How did Magic star fare in comeback game vs. Giannis Antetokounmpo-led Bucks? (Jan. 10)
Paolo Banchero Stats Tonight: How did Magic star fare in comeback game vs. Giannis Antetokounmpo-led Bucks? (Jan. 10)
By
Mike Murillo
Modified Jan 11, 2025 08:43 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Paolo Banchero Stats Tonight: How did Magic star fare in comeback game vs. Giannis Antetokounmpo-led Bucks? (Jan. 10) -- Photo from NBA.com

Orlando Magic All-Star forward Paolo Banchero was on point in his return from a long layoff because of an injury (oblique). He was back in his all-around self as he led his team in putting up a tough stand in their narrow 109-106 home loss to Giannis Antetokounmpo and the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday.

Banchero played his first game since Oct. 30 and was steady for a team-high 34 points, on 11-of-21 shooting, seven rebounds, three assists, three steals and a block in 27 minutes. He, however, missed a game-tying 3-point attempt at the buzzer that could have sent the game into overtime.

Prior to getting hurt, Banchero was balling, averaging 29.0 points, 8.8 rebounds and 5.6 assists in five games. In his absence, the Magic went 19-15.

Paolo Banchero's stats tonight against the Milwaukee Bucks
Trending
Player	PTS	REB	AST	STL	BLK	FG	3-PT FG	FT	TO	+/-
Paolo Banchero	34	7	3	3	1	11-21	5-8	7-10	3	+6

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Backstopping Banchero in the game against the Bucks was Cole Anthony with 18 points, with Tristan Da Silva and Anthony Black adding 16 and 15 points, respectively.

Antetokounmpo wound up with a game-high 41 points to go along with 14 rebounds. Damian Lillard, meanwhile, had 29 points.

The defeat was the second straight for the Magic (22-18), currently fifth in the Eastern Conference. They next play on Sunday against the Philadelphia 76ers also at the Kia Center in Orlando.

Orlando Magic expect some transition time in Paolo Banchero’s return

Paolo Banchero made his long-awaited return to action after missing 34 games because of injury on Friday. And while the Orlando Magic welcomed it, they are aware that some transition is needed as they reintegrate the All-Star forward in their attack.

The former rookie of the year (2023) played his first game since late October on Friday against the Milwaukee Bucks and was impressive, going for 34 points, seven rebounds, three assists, three steals and a block in 27 minutes.

Heading into the contest, Magic coach Jamahl Mosley spoke about the return of Paolo Banchero to the roster and what their expectations were.

The coach said (via Sports Illustrated):

“I think there’s always going to be a transition period. You’d love to say he is going to come back and there’s not going ro be any bumps or it's going to flow smoothly, but … finding that flow again takes time and we all understand that.

Mosley went on to say:

“It’s going to be us being able to watch the film, get on the court together, go through the flow series and things that we saw both offensively and defensively, and I think that’s going to take some time.”
Expand Tweet

Paolo Banchero’s return could not have come at the most opportune of time for the Magic, with the team still missing the services of Franz Wagner (oblique), Jalen Suggs (lower back) and Mo Wagner (hamstring/out for the season).

Orlando Magic Nation! You can check out the latest Orlando Magic Schedule and dive into the Magic Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Orlando Magic Paolo Banchero NBA Google Trends
Edited by Mike Murillo
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-paolo-banchero-stats-tonight-how-magic-star-fare-comeback-game-vs-giannis-antetokounmpo-led-bucks-jan-10 
 ----- 
