SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
GHANA
AFRICAN FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
TENNIS
BASKETBALL
ATHLETICS
TRANSFER NEWS
OLYMPIC GAMES
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
CRAIG GOODWIN BAGS BRACE AGAINST LEBANON TO EDGE AUSTRALIA CLOSER TO WORLD CUP
Craig Goodwin bags brace against Lebanon to edge Australia closer to World Cup
Reuters,
26.03.2024 12:42
Goodwin celebrates a goal
AFP
Craig Goodwin (32) scored a brace on his return from illness as Australia booked their place in the third round of Asian World Cup qualifying with a 5-0 rout of Lebanon at Canberra Stadium on Tuesday.

Forward Goodwin, who sat out last week's 2-0 win over the Lebanese while battling a virus, rocketed in a long-range strike after half-time and steered in the final goal in the 81st minute to the delight of a record crowd of 25,023 at the venue.

Goodwin also set up former Adelaide teammate Kusini Yengi's first international goal in the second minute and had a hand in a Lebanon own goal a minute before his first strike.

"Maybe I'll have to be sick more often," the Saudi-based winger joked.

"It turned out well, I had a good rest.

"I'd only had a couple of training sessions before the game but I spoke with the boss and felt good, so he chucked me in."

With their fourth straight win in the current phase, Graham Arnold's Australia cemented top spot in Asia's Group I, which also includes Palestine and Bangladesh.

The match was Lebanon's "home" qualifier, after the Asian Football Confederation requested the tie be moved from the nation due to the war in Gaza.

Australia won few plaudits after their scrappy win over 115th-ranked Lebanon in Sydney but Arnold was thrilled with the response in Canberra where Patrick Yazbek, of Lebanese descent, enjoyed a fruitful debut off the bench.

Norway-based midfielder Yazbek replaced injured playmaker Ajdin Hrustic before the hour-mark and set up John Iredale's first international goal in his second Socceroos match with a neat cross from the left in the 68th minute.

"I was very happy and proud of the young ones. They took ownership when they went on the park and the future is bright," Arnold said.

After a gutsy effort in Sydney, Lebanon had a tough night in Canberra and were lucky only to be a goal down at the break after Australia squandered a slew of early chances.

The floodgates opened straight after the restart, however, with Goodwin finding Harry Souttar's head with a free kick.

Lebanon keeper Mostafa Matar parried the ball off the line but it pinged off teammate Bassel Jradi's shins into the net.

A minute later, Hrustic scooped a ball over to Goodwin at the inside left channel where he chested it down and volleyed into the right corner from distance.

Lebanon all but pared one back minutes later when Nader Matar fired a long shot into the cross-bar.

However, Lebanon's momentum was lost seconds later when midfielder Ali Tneich committed a studs-up challenge on Hrustic.

It drew a yellow card and had the injured Socceroo limp off the ground with trainers after a long break in play.

MENTIONS
Football
Craig Goodwin
Lebanon
Australia
World Championship
Related Articles
Australia's Bos and McGree ruled out of World Cup qualifier against Lebanon
23.03.2024 11:06
Ajdin Hrustic's return adds a touch of class to Australia's qualifying campaign
22.03.2024 08:33
Son scores but South Korea held by Thailand in World Cup qualifier
21.03.2024 13:59
Show more
Football
NBA roundup: Pacers stun Celtics with impressive win, Raptors lose tenth in a row
54 min ago
Updated
Timberwolves' Edwards fined again for using profanity after Friday's game in Houston
5 h ago
Lakers star James turns 40, but still feels reinvigorated on the basketball court
8 h ago
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao to take over
8 h ago
Lakers and Nets agree multiple trades, Russell amongst the players involved in switch
9 h ago
NFL roundup: Eagles and Bills cruise to victory, Commanders reach playoffs
43 min ago
Updated
Italy legend Fabio Cannavaro confirmed as new head coach of Dinamo Zagreb
10 h ago
Liverpool's new Dutch hero Arne Slot rounds off near-faultless year
10 h ago
Roma claim rare point on the road after Paulo Dybala strike pegs back AC Milan
11 h ago
Tennis Tracker: Rybakina and Swiatek win down under, Zverev in action
11 h ago
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
UEFA Champions League
CAF Champions League
EPL news
Ligue 1
La Liga
Serie A
Brazil Serie A
FOOTBALL GHANA
Ghana Premier League
Ghana Premier League fixtures
Division One League
Division One League fixtures
Ghana FA Cup
FC Samartex
Hearts of Oak
TENNIS
Tennis news
ATP Next Gen Finals 2024
WTA Australian Open
Jannik Sinner
Novak Djokovic
Iga Swiatek
TRENDING
Transfer news & rumours
Ghana football news
Black Stars results
Mohammed Kudus
NBA news
Saudi Pro League
Athletics news
LIVESCORE
Enppi - Al Ahly
Hearts of Oak - Legon Cities
CR Belouizdad - Al Ahly
Al Ahly - Asyut Petroleum
Medeama - Asante Kotoko
Aduana - Samartex
Al Ahly - Smouha
FLASHSCORE.COM.GH
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2024 Flashscore.com.gh
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com.gh/news/soccer-world-championship-craig-goodwin-bags-brace-against-lebanon-to-edge-australia-closer-to-world-cup/b12AiXx3/ 
 ----- 
