HOME
FOOTBALL
SOCCEROOS
Star’s masterclass sends five-star Aussies into next stage of WC qualis despite another injury blow
CANBERRA, AUSTRALIA - MARCH 26: Craig Goodwin of Australia celebrates after kicking a goal during the FIFA World Cup 2026 Qualifier match between Australia Socceroos and Lebanon at GIO Stadium on March 26, 2024 in Canberra, Australia. (Photo by Cameron Spencer/Getty Images)
Source: Getty Images
Zac Rayson from Fox Sports
March 26th, 2024 9:46 pm

A Craig Goodwin masterclass has secured the Socceroos’ place in the next stage of World Cup qualifying, the veteran winger sparking a 5-0 win over Lebanon.

In front of a record GIO Stadium crowd of 25,023 (the largest for a football match in Canberra), Goodwin’s left boot tore Lebanon’s defence apart time and again in a sublime performance, setting up two goals before scoring twice himself.

There were debuts for two players – youngsters Patrick Yazbek and Josh Nisbet – while Kusini Yengi scored his maiden goal in the green and gold before second-gamer John Iredale matched that feat off the bench in the second half.

But the night was marred by a worrying injury to playmaker Ajdin Hrustic, who was scythed down in the second half and looked distraught as he limped from the field.

The victory means the Socceroos are through to the next round of World Cup qualifying with two matches still to play - against Bangladesh and Palestine in June.

In the next stage of qualifying, the Socceroos will be one of 18 teams split into six groups of three. The teams play the others in their group home and away, with the top two teams from each group automatically qualifying for the 2026 World Cup. Even if the Socceroos fail to finish in the top two of their group, a couple more places are still up for grabs for the remaining sides.

AS IT HAPPENED

Goodwin needed less than two minutes to break the deadlock, racing down the left flank after being unleashed by Connor Metcalfe. The 32-year-old launched a pinpoint cross into the six-yard box for striker Kusini Yengi to bundle home at the second time of asking, having initially hit the post.

It was a first Socceroos goal for Yengi in his sixth appearance, with the 25-year-old having entered camp on the back of a fine scoring streak at Portsmouth in England’s third tier.

Goodwin would be the Socceroos’ chief threat throughout the first half, though his teammates’ wayward shooting was all that denied Australia a larger advantage at the break.

Midfielder Ajdin Hrustic blasted a shot over the bar when Goodwin teed him up with an excellent cut-back, before late in the half Harry Souttar headed a Goodwin cross onto the post.

But just like in the first half, Goodwin raced out of the blocks early in the second period.

From a wide free-kick, Goodwin curled in a devastating cross towards the towering threat that is 2m centre-back Souttar. The defender – playing in Canberra for the first time since his debut five years ago – couldn’t add to his already-impressive tally of 11 international goals, with his shot well-blocked on the line. Jackson Irvine was involved in a scramble for the ball, which ended in the back of the net, but it was ruled an own goal by Lebanon’s Bassel Jradi.

Goodwin was at the heart of an impressive Socceroos performance.
Source: Getty Images

In the third minute of the second half, Goodwin got on the end of a flicked Hrustic pass on the left side and darted goalwards, before unleashing a vicious strike across the face of goal which nestled in the bottom corner.

From that moment, the match was effectively killed off – though Lebanon hit the woodwork shortly afterwards with a sizzling long-range shot.

Ajdin Hrustic was scythed down in a nasty tackle in the 51st minute, with Lebanon’s Alee Tneich earning a yellow card. Hrustic waved away the stretcher but could hardly support any weight on the left leg as he limped from the field.

Arnold would turn to his bench, bringing on 21-year-old midfielder Patrick Yazbek to become Socceroo cap 641 after Ajdin Hrustic was forced off in obvious pain after a scything tackle.

In the 67th minute, Josh Nisbet joined him as a debutant while John Iredale was also introduced. The trio would combine almost immediately to stretch the scoreline further.

Defender Kye Rowles launched a long-ball down the left flank for Yazbek, who bundled past a defender before crossing in from the left flank for second-gamer John Iredale, who could hardly miss – and didn’t.

Iredale was in tears as he embraced his teammates, scoring an emotional first Socceroos goal.

And Iredale would turn provider in the 81st minute for Goodwin to make it five. Iredale darted behind the back line and squared the ball, which took a deflection from a defender before falling kindly for Goodwin at the back post to easily tuck it home.

MORE NEWS

Lebanon coach’s salty swipe at Aussie rookie as Arnie hints at sweeping changes

Inside the ‘wild ride’ of newest Socceroo … and his special Arnie connection

TEAM NEWS

Graham Arnold made four changes to his Socceroos team.

Gethin Jones comes in at right back to replace Nathaniel Atkinson. Craig Goodwin has recovered from a virus and comes in on the left to replace the injured Riley McGree.

Ajdin Hrustic starts in midfield instead of the suspended Keanu Baccus, while Mitchell Duke replaces Adam Taggart as one of the two forwards.

CONFIRMED SOCCEROOS XI (4-4-2, L-R)

Mathew Ryan,

Kye Rowles, Cameron Burgess, Harry Souttar, Gethin Jones

Craig Goodwin, Jackson Irvine, Connor Metcalfe, Ajdin Hrustic

Kusini Yengi, Mitchell Duke

LIVE BLOG

Follow all the action in our live blog below! If you can’t see the blog, click here.

SPORTS
AFL
NRL
FOOTBALL
CRICKET
MOTORSPORT
RUGBY
NFL
BASKETBALL
TENNIS
GOLF
POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
RELEVANT ADS OPT-OUT
FOX SPORTS DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION TERMS
FAQ'S AND CONTACT US
COOKIES POLICY
DATA USAGE POLICY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ACCESSIBILITY
SITEMAP
RSS FEEDS
STAY CONNECTED ON SOCIAL MEDIA
FOX SPORTS AUSTRALIA 2021 ©
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com.au/football/socceroos/socceroos-vs-lebanon-live-updates-fifa-world-cup-2026-qualifying-news-scores-results-blog-start-time-how-to-watch/news-story/ba2df4d7847343797b076523fd9c6646 
 ----- 
