SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Craig Goodwin steals the show as Socceroos thump Lebanon 5-0

Topic:
Sport

Tue 26 Mar
Tuesday 26 March

Craig Goodwin of Australia fights for the ball with Ali Tneich of Lebanon during the FIFA World Cup 2026 AFC Asian Qualifiers. (AAP: Lukas Coch)

abc.net.au/news/craig-goodwin-steals-the-show-as-socceroos-thump-lebanon-5-0/103636920
Link copied
Share article

Australia are through to the final round of World Cup qualification after a masterful display from winger Craig Goodwin led them to a 5-0 win against Lebanon.

At Canberra's GIO Stadium, Goodwin scored two goals and created another two with gorgeous deliveries into the box to get the Socceroos the comfortable result.

Coach Graham Arnold said Goodwin's increased leadership ability made him an invaluable asset for the side moving forward as they chase a sixth consecutive trip to the FIFA World Cup finals.

They are now guaranteed a berth in third-round qualifiers which start in September, where a top-two finish in a six-team group will carry them to the 2026 showpiece tournament.

A dream night for his side saw both Kusini Yengi and John Iredale net their first international goals as Australia continue to search for a long-term answer up front.

Goodwin's masterclass saw him set up Yengi inside two minutes, create the havoc that led to an own goal early in the second half, and then score a gorgeous dipping volley less than a minute later to put the team 3-0 up.

A late tap-in to seal the 5-0 rout was everything his near-flawless display deserved.

"When I knew Craig Goodwin younger, he didn't believe in himself like he does these days," Arnold said.

"He's a top quality player but he's a fantastic person and a great leader and in and around the dressing room and on the pitch … but his delivery of set pieces is fantastic.

"The conversation we had after the Asian Cup was pretty much you only have a short career in life, don't throw it away now … players have limited time for their careers, and I think he's in his prime."

A sold-out Canberra crowd only had to wait two minutes for Australia to lead, Yengi jabbing a close-range effort onto the post before shinning home the rebound.

Ajdin Hrustic and Harry Souttar each spurned chances created by sublime Goodwin balls but those wasted chances mattered little, another teasing set-piece delivery forcing Lebanese defender Bassel Jradi to turn the ball into his own net.

Arnold made four team tweaks including Goodwin's inclusion up front, and used the second-half lead to give debuts to Patrick Yazbek and Josh Nisbet.

Yazbek made an early impact, whipping in a perfect cross that Iredale could easily turn home, before Goodwin had simple back-post tap-in for his double on 81 minutes.

Five days on from a 2-0 win against the same opponent in Sydney, the Socceroos looked far more dangerous in attack.

But Arnold wasn't completely satisfied, begging his team to continue developing a killer instinct that would let them put games to bed even earlier.

ABC Sport Daily podcast

ABC Sport Daily is your daily sports conversation. We dive into the biggest story of the day and get you up to speed with everything else that's making headlines.

"A great start, we get the goal early and should have been up three or 4-0 at half-time," he said.

"This is stuff I've been driving with the boys about raising our standards and when I say that, it's about taking those opportunities to kill teams off, not letting them stay in the game.

"After the first game it was all about the lack of penetration in behind and so that's what we worked on … it's about if a player is on the ball, you don't stand still, you move and make forward runs and penetrate."

Conceding early against the Socceroos for a second straight game, Lebanon could have equalised on 14 minutes but attacking option Nader Matar fired his shot into the side-netting.

AAP

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Tue 26 Mar 2024 at 1:55pm
Tuesday 26 Mar 2024 at 1:55pm
Related stories

Topic:
Socceroos

Defender Rowles invaluable as Socceroos march on in World Cup qualification campaign
Photo shows A Socceroos player pumps his left fist as he celebrates a goal in Lebanon.

Topic:
Sport

Injuries sour Socceroos' win over Lebanon in World Cup qualifier
Photo shows A Socceroos player is surrounded by teammates congratulating him after a goal.

Topic:
Soccer

Arnold takes swipe at European clubs ahead of Socceroos' World Cup qualifiers
Photo shows Alessandro Circati dribbling the ball for Parma in a Serie B match.

Topic:
Soccer

Socceroos star in a stable condition in hospital after suffering nasty head injury in Scottish Cup
Photo shows Martin Boyle

Topic:
Sport

Socceroos match with Lebanon moved to Australian venue amid Middle East conflict
Photo shows Graham Arnold
Related topics

Australia

Canberra

Lebanon

Soccer

Socceroos

Sport

Top Stories
Australia wins MCG thriller after flurry of wickets in final session of Test

Topic:
Cricket

Photo shows Australia celebrates winning the MCG Test
Calls for ACCC inquiry over 'artificially inflated' petrol prices

Topic:
Petrol Prices

Driver caught 41 times by SA mobile phone detection cameras, fined $27,000

Topic:
Police

Kyrgios, Djokovic take to the court in Brisbane International doubles debut

Topic:
Tennis

Bangkok hotel fire kills three foreigners, authorities say

Topic:
Fires

Just In
Weather warning for parts of Queensland with widespread flash flooding

Topic:
Floods

23m ago
23 minutes ago
Bangkok hotel fire kills three foreigners, authorities say

Topic:
Fires

1h ago
1 hours ago
Australia battles to victory in MCG epic, controversial and captivating to the last

Analysis by Dean Bilton

50m ago
50 minutes ago
Former top umpire says controversial Jaiswal dismissal was correct

Topic:
Cricket

1h ago
1 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-03-27/craig-goodwin-steals-the-show-as-socceroos-thump-lebanon-5-0/103636920 
 ----- 
