News
Today's news
US
Politics
World
Tech
Climate change
Health
Science
Originals
Newsletters
Life
Health
Parenting
Style and beauty
Horoscopes
Shopping
Food
Travel
Autos
Gift ideas
Buying guides
Entertainment
Celebrity
TV
Movies
Music
How to Watch
Interviews
Videos
Finance
My portfolio
News
Markets
Sectors
Screeners
Personal finance
Videos
Crypto
Industries
Sports
Fantasy
Daily fantasy
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
Soccer
College football
Show all
New on Yahoo
Creators
Games
Tech
Editions
US
© 2024
All rights reserved.
Search query

Manage your account

Help
Add or switch accounts
Sign out
Advertisement
Close this content
Today in Tech
Best tech gifts at Walmart
OLED TVs compared: LG vs. Sony vs. Sansui
Best soundbars for 2024: Tested and reviewed
Best open-ear headphones for 2024
Why you shouldn’t buy these 5 Apple Watch Series 9 alternatives
Andy Boxall
Sat, March 23, 2024 at 3:00 PM UTC
7 min read
Nike Globe watch face Andy Boxall / Digital Trends

Not only are there a lot of smartwatches and fitness bands to choose from these days, but the Apple Watch range itself is surprisingly extensive — especially considering it began life with only a single model available. Simply put, it remains the best smartwatch to get if you own an iPhone.

If you’re about to buy a new Apple Watch, I want to explain why it should be the Apple Watch Series 9 over any of these other available models.

Why not the Apple Watch Ultra 2?
Joe Maring / Digital Trends

We love the Apple Watch Ultra 2. The design is unique, yet it is still clearly an Apple Watch. It’s nowhere near as big on your wrist as you may think due to the expert design, and it’s tough enough to survive some harsh treatment thanks to the titanium case and sapphire crystal over the screen. However, for most people it will be overkill.

Advertisement

The important thing to remember is it uses the same processor, sensors, and software as the Apple Watch Series 9, so the overall user experience is identical. There are a few feature differences, but none that will benefit everyone all the time. Think hard about whether you want the extra screen brightness, additional hiking features, the scuba mode, or the Action button.

If you don’t, the Apple Watch Series 9 does everything else. It’s more comfortable to wear on a daily basis and less noticeable overnight if you want to track your sleep. Spend less on the Series 9 itself, then buy yourself a few watch bands to increase its versatility and comfort.

Why not the Apple Watch SE 2?
Apple Watch SE 2 Andy Boxall / Digital Trends

The Apple Watch SE 2 is very tempting due to the price, and while it’s an excellent starter Apple Watch, it’s worth spending the extra cash on the Apple Watch Series 9. It’s going to last you longer due to the additional features and has an always-on screen. The SE 2’s screen goes dark when it’s not in use, while the Series 9 always shows the time. It makes it look more like a watch and not a piece of technology.

That’s just the beginning. The Apple Watch Series 9 has the latest processor and heart rate sensor technology, and it will also take an ECG should you require one. The Apple Watch SE 2’s design is almost the same as the Series 9’s, but there are small differences. The most notable is the nylon case back, which is slightly less upmarket than the Series 9’s ceramic case back. Both use the same software, which is great.

Advertisement

If you only want the essentials, the Apple Watch SE 2 is perfect, but the Series 9 gives you the full Apple Watch experience together with the latest hardware. Unlike your phone, you won’t feel the need to update the Apple Watch every year, so it’s worth getting the very best when you first buy it.

Why not the Apple Watch Series 8?
Joe Maring / Digital Trends

This is perhaps the toughest call on our list. The Apple Watch Series 8 has been replaced by the Apple Watch Series 9 in the range, but there aren’t all that many differences between them. And if you shop around, you can find the Series 8 at a lower price — either new or refurbished. Choosing between the two will be difficult, but if you’re buying for the first time, the Apple Watch Series 9 makes more sense.

The Series 9 has the latest processor, a brighter screen, the precision finding feature, and Double Tap. While these aren’t really enough to upgrade from the Series 8 to the Series 9, they’re enough to say it’s worth buying the newer Apple Watch if you’re a newcomer. Double Tap is surprisingly fun, and it really does work very well, so it would be a shame not to enjoy the feature if you buy an Apple Watch.

In a way, choosing the Apple Watch Series 9 over the Series 8 is the same decision as choosing it over the SE 2. Yes, you’ll save some money, but you won’t be getting the full, current Apple Watch experience. If you’re going to take the plunge, get the best one available today.

Why not a Fitbit Charge 6?
Joe Maring / Digital Trends
Advertisement
More in Technology
Fact Check: The Origin of Photos Supposedly Showing Giant 'Axolotl' Sea Creature
Snopes
New Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra leaks hint at key upgrades for the display and storage
TechRadar
Intel aimed for the Moon with its Lunar Lake chips this year, but was it enough to best Qualcomm and AMD?
LaptopMag
India completes first stage of track that can support ludicrously fast trains — see how it rivals Elon Musk's failed hyperloop project
The Cool Down

The Apple Watch Series 9 is the best Apple Watch for most people, but what happens when we compare it to other wearables made by different manufacturers? The Fitbit Charge 6 is a great example, as it’s much cheaper than the Apple Watch Series 9, yet does many of the same things. So, why shouldn’t you buy it?

Leaving aside design, as that’s relatively subjective, there are two major reasons to buy the Apple Watch Series 9 instead. The Apple Watch pairs and syncs perfectly with your iPhone, while non-Apple devices don’t. It’s a huge deal, as with other wearables, you will miss out on rich, interactive notifications, features like precision finding, and Apple Health and Apple Fitness. While Apple’s own apps aren’t perfect, they’re entirely free to use. Meanwhile, to unlock all of the Fitbit Charge 6’s potential, you have to pay the $10-per-month subscription fee.

This applies to other non-Apple, non-Fitbit devices, too, such as the Withings ScanWatch 2 and various Garmin wearables. Garmin and Polar’s smartwatches don’t require a subscription, but they are even more fitness-focused than the Apple Watch Ultra 2. Unless you’re a serious runner, marathoner, or cyclist, there will be a lot of features and data that aren’t relevant to you. Remember, Apple’s smartwatch only works with an iPhone, and we heartily recommend you keep it in the family.

Why not an Oura Ring?
Oura Ring Horizon Andy Boxall / Digital Trends

What if you’re not sure about a touchscreen wearable, and have been looking at smart rings to avoid the distraction? The Oura Ring is the best smart ring you can get at the moment, but it’s a very different type of wearable compared to the Apple Watch Series 9. There’s no screen at all, you won’t receive notifications, and it won’t tell you the time. The workout tracking is fairly basic, but it is fine for walking or running, and it excels at sleep tracking.

Advertisement

Because it’s so different from the Apple Watch, you shouldn’t buy the Oura Ring instead of the Series 9. But it does work really well in conjunction with it. Sleep tracking is not the Apple Watch’s strength, so if it’s very important to you, it’s well worth considering the Oura Ring. The battery lasts about a week, too, so it’s far lower maintenance, and it’s also inconspicuous on your finger.

Admittedly, it’s a considerable financial investment to buy both the Apple Watch Series 9 and the Oura Ring, but they complement each other well. Together, they form a far more rounded picture of your health without missing out on all the expected connected features and alerts. Buy and wear them together, but don’t buy the Oura Ring thinking it can entirely replace the Apple Watch.

The Apple Watch Series 9 is the one to get
Andy Boxall / Digital Trends

For most people, the Apple Watch Series 9 is the ideal blend of reasonable cost, the latest features, strong performance, unrivaled convenience, and unbeatable style. You can buy it and be safe in the knowledge that it does all the important stuff you need and works perfectly with your iPhone, so it will last you for years.

Are there lots of alternatives out there? Absolutely! And for some people, those alternatives may serve them just fine. But for most folks, we think the Apple Watch Series 9 is still the wearable to get.

Buy at Amazon

Advertisement
About Our Ads
Solve the daily Crossword
25,069 people played the daily Crossword recently. Can you solve it faster than others?
Crossword
Play on Yahoo
Advertisement
Recommended articles
I think the iPhone SE4 could break new ground for Apple – here's how
TechRadar
Here's what Apple's 2025 might look like
Business Insider
What to expect from iPhones in 2025: iPhone 17 Air, iPhone SE 4 and more
Tom's Guide
Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra tipped to beat iPhone 16 Pro Max in one big way
Tom's Guide
In shift, Trump downgrades soaring rhetoric on campaign promises
The Hill
The question sending shockwaves through Hollywood: How did Blake Lively get those damaging texts?
LA Times
Kim Kardashian's 4 Kids Are All Grown Up in Stunning Christmas Photos
E! News
Ref Clete Blakeman couldn’t help but laugh while announcing Aaron Rodgers’ unnecessary roughness penalty
FTW Outdoors
Man accused of attacking TV reporter, saying ‘This is Trump’s America now’
CNN
Authorities make horrifying discovery after stopping man with swollen stomach at airport: 'Completely overcrowded, mistreated'
The Cool Down
NBA Legend Shaq Abandoned A $40 Million Reebok Shoe Deal After A Lady Confronted Him Over High Price Tag: 'Ma'am, I Don't Make The Prices'
Benzinga
Trump Pulls a 180 on Jimmy Carter After His Death
The Daily Beast
Internet Picks Sides in the Sydney Sweeney vs. Sydney Thomas Face-Off
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
The US Has Deported Immigrants En Masse Before. Here’s What Happened.
Politico
Prince Harry Once Revealed the "Cold-Blooded" Christmas Gift He Received From a Royal Family Member
Marie Claire US
King Charles Slammed for Brutal Christmas Rejection of Prince Harry
The Daily Beast
MSNBC Panel Laughs in Republican’s Face Over Speaker Replacement Suggestion
The Daily Beast
'It's over': Colorado lays egg vs. BYU in last game of Travis Hunter-Shedeur Sanders era
USA TODAY Sports
“Lovely Guest”? AirBnB Owner Reacts to Lily Phillips Hosting 101 Men in Their Home
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
Doctors Reveal The 7 Things You Should Absolutely Never Do In Order To Prevent Strokes
BuzzFeed
Linda Lavin Dies: ‘Alice’ Star & Tony-Winning Broadway Actor Was 87
Deadline
People Send Death Threats When They Find Out About My Dog Meat Farm. Here's What They're Missing.
BuzzFeed
After the death of Jimmy Carter, how many former US presidents are still alive today?
USA TODAY
Matthew Gaudreau's Wife Welcomes Their First Baby After His Death
E! News
"Once You Have It, You Need To Treat It Before It Gets Worse": Doctors, Dentists, And Other Medical Pros Are Sharing Things Patients Often Overlook Or Omit (But Shouldn't)
BuzzFeed
Why Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are disliked by Americans: ‘Most unpopular kids in school’
NY Post
People Are Sharing Stories About When They Learned That HR Is Not Their Friend And Holy Crap, I Have No Words
BuzzFeed
Trouble in ‘prepper’ paradise: Bunker residents raise financial, safety concerns
KELO Sioux Falls
'Stop, stop, stop': Air traffic control intervenes as planes near each other on LAX runway
LA Times
‘Unimaginable’: Rutland firefighter’s wife, newborn twins pass away days after medical emergency
WFXT
Brightline: Video shows Delray fire truck going around gates before collision
Palm Beach Daily News
Whatever Happened to Eliza Dushku?
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
Watch the Christmas Day National Anthem that Left NFL Fans "Speechless"
Good Housekeeping
Steph Curry hits must-see circus shot to beat buzzer vs. Suns
Warriors Wire
The Trump Economy Begins: 5 Money Moves the Middle Class Should Make Before Inauguration Day
GOBankingRates
James Dean was blackmailed by ‘desperate’ lover who could have destroyed his career: book
Fox News
I’m a Bank Teller: 7 Reasons You Shouldn’t Keep More Than $3,000 in a Checking Account
GOBankingRates
The California Icon That Andrew Zimmern Can't Stand To Eat At
Daily Meal
I Tried Swedish Death Cleaning — And It Totally Changed How I Declutter
Good Housekeeping
"I Was Bored After Six Hours": People Are Sharing The Travel Destinations That Fell Short Of Their Expectations (Or Surpassed Them Immensely)
BuzzFeed
Doctors Are Sharing 6 Common Habits That Are Actually Prematurely Aging Your Brain
BuzzFeed
Trump blasts GOP, McCarthy over debt ceiling
The Hill
Watch Steph torch KD with around-the-back buzzer-beater in Dubs-Suns
NBC Sports BayArea
Suze Orman: This Is the One Expense You Must Cut in Retirement
GOBankingRates
People Are Sharing Subtle Signs That Someone Is Very Intelligent, And BRB As I Take Some Notes On These
BuzzFeed
"My Teenage Grandson Didn't Believe Me": 21 Normal Practices And Routines From "Way Back When" That Younger Generations Will Never Get To Experience
BuzzFeed
Bowl game schedule today: Breaking down the eight college football bowl games on Dec. 28
USA TODAY Sports
Kenny Pickett throwing himself instead of the ball broke the laws of physics in the best way
FTW Outdoors
What Colorado head coach Deion Sanders said after facing BYU
Deseret News
Jennifer Lopez Elevates Her Winter-White Puffer Coat with Heeled Uggs
Harper's Bazaar
Advertisement
Reviews & Deals
Audio
Computing
Gaming
Health
Home
Phones
Science
TVs
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yahoo.com/tech/why-shouldn-t-buy-5-150027953.html 
 ----- 
