Schedule
IPL 2025
CriclyticsTM
Fantasy
Series
News
Stats Hub
Profile
Whenever you play a big tournament, you need a bit of luck : Azhar Mahmood
Whenever you play a big tournament, you need a bit of luck : Azhar Mahmood
cricket.com staff
|
Last updated on 11 Jun 2024 | 06:09 AM
Follow Us
NEWS
Pakistan run a real danger of not qualifying for the Super Eights, with USA and India being at the pole position to secure the berth

Pakistan had made it to the finals of the 2022 ICC Men’s T20 World Cup, but have failed to turn up in the ongoing edition, having lost to the United States of America and India in their first two group games. Now, they run a real danger of not qualifying for the Super Eights, with USA and India being at the pole position to secure the berth.

The loss to India was particularly disheartening for the side, especially because they had controlled the game for the longest time and were blown away by a disciplined Indian bowling attack towards the end. Not being able to capitalise in the first 10 overs was the primary reason for the loss.

“I won't say one thing - where we have gone wrong. After 12 overs we were 72 for 2. We needed 48 runs of 48 balls. We had eight wickets in our hands. I can't tell you anything about the decision making or shot selection,” Pakistan Assistant Coach Azhar Mahmood said in the press conference ahead of their clash against Canada on June 11, 2024 (Tuesday).

“I think it was the selection of shots and playing those shots at the wrong time. I'm not saying the shot was not on. Shot was on, but not at the right time or the right choice of bowlers. I'm not going to name here, but you know, it is what it is. You have to play according to the situation in front of you. Because if the average of six runs goes up to 10 runs, or if it goes up to 18 runs, then this was our concern – like before.”

Pakistan batters’ strike rates have once again come under scanner, with the likes of Babar Azam and Mohammad Rizwan failing to turn up the heat after cautious starts. That has hurt Pakistan big-time, but Mahmood said the discussion “unfortunate”.

“Look, you're talking about the strike rate. Unfortunately, when we talk about strike rate, the whole public is focused on Babar and Razi. If you go back, even two years ago, or still go back, the problem is that your partnership is established, you get a platform set, and then in the ten to fifteen over period, you lose your wickets,” Mahmood said.

“If you look at T20, if you get a partnership, because T20 format is a short format – so even if you set one partnership it can win the game. You have control on the game. And when you say about our approach – whenever you play a big tournament, you need a bit of luck. You need the favour of luck.

“I spoke about the strike rate, about the reiteration policy. We have used different players at different positions. We have tried out different ways, to check what clicks for us but unfortunately, whatever we have tried, didn’t work for us. That is the major factor for them – like I said earlier, it’s very important – shot selection and decision making.”

There has been talks about the rift between Babar Azam and Shaheen Shah Afridi, especially after the former was stripped away from captaincy, which then subsequently landed in Afridi’s lap, before the reverse happened and Babar was once again made captain. Wasim Akram revealed that Azam and Afridi don’t talk to each other, but Mahmood refuted that allegation.

“Wasim must have said that, but I don't know. I didn't see it. Shaheen and Babar are definitely talking, they are good friends. They are both part of the Pakistan team. Now when you ask who will take responsibility – I think we all, as a team management will take responsibility. We have not lost because of anyone, it is our mistake too,” the 49-year-old added.

“We are not hiding any players, everyone is there. Everything is there. I said earlier that we are a team. Obviously, we're sitting here, and it's our responsibility. We're not delivering. That's why I'm sitting here. Yesterday, Gary was sitting here. So definitely, it's not like we're hiding a player. They're part of us.”

Losing to the USA now have severely impacted Pakistan’s chances of making it to the Super Eights as now they would be expecting India and Ireland to beat USA by massive margins along with their own wins against Canada and Ireland. Mahmood stated that in T20s, it is difficult to take any teams lightly. 

"The matter of being complacent doesn’t arise only. If a person is complacent, it's obvious. Then whoever he is, he doesn't deserve, in my opinion, playing for your country. There's nothing like that after this.

“Yes, you talked about the USA or Canada. There are players who have played first class cricket and have played from other countries, from India, Sri Lanka, and other countries. I had said before that you cannot underestimate any team in the T20 format. 

“If you have one good partnership, you can lose the match. We have to come back with our full preparation. It is obvious that the morale of the team is down. But now is our time to show our character. We have to go and play our positive and good cricket,” Mahmood added.

If you’ve not downloaded the Cricket.com app yet, you’re missing out. Play Fantasy on Cricket.com NOW! Download the App here.

Tags
INDIA VS PAKISTAN
PAKISTAN VS CANADA
ICC MEN'S T20 WORLD CUP, 2024
PAKISTAN
CANADA
Related Article
FEATURES

CDC's 2024 Women's Cricket Awards (that no one asked for)

We have a superstar lineup, including Rockstar Yash, Abbas Mastan, and Shahrukh Khan, to present these awards. Fasten your seatbelts, folks!
15 hours ago

Gaurav Nandan Tripathi

FEATURES

Nepal, USA, Uganda headline stellar 2024 for associate cricket

Another year where associate cricket teams and players stood out and created quite a storm on the international stage
21 hours ago

Pramod Ananth

FEATURES

Best Test bowling spells of 2024 ft. Shamar, Bumrah & Pakistan’s spin twins

We look at the finest performances with the ball this year
31 Dec, 2024

Anirudh Suresh

FEATURES

Pictures that define cricket’s 2024 ft Shamar Joseph, NZ’s historic feats and more

From Shamar Joseph’s heroics to Suryakumar Yadav's catch, we got every image that defines cricket in 2024
31 Dec, 2024

Aakash Sivasubramaniam

FEATURES

2024 CDC Awards that ICC can’t even get close to

Please note this is a work of satire, and it 100% may contain names of people, places and organisations
30 Dec, 2024

Aakash Sivasubramaniam

FEATURES

Pat Cummins’ Australia bury the ghosts of Sydney in Melbourne

Cummins-led Australia to a 184-run win against India in the Boxing Day Test in Melbourne
30 Dec, 2024

Aakash Sivasubramaniam

FEATURES

How Rohit, Kohli, and India are wasting Bumrah’s god-like form

He has done everything in his command to give India a fighting chance in the BGT but has been let down by others in the team
30 Dec, 2024

Hardik Worah

FEATURES

Despite MCG loss, India can still make it to the WTC Final - here’s how

Despite suffering a painful loss at MCG, India’s hopes of making it to the WTC Final are not completely over. We look at how they can still make it to the summit clash at Lord’s
30 Dec, 2024

Anirudh Suresh

FEATURES

Timeline: Rishabh Pant triggers a collapse for India at MCG

India went from 121/4 to 155 all-out to surrender the Melbourne Test against Australia
30 Dec, 2024

cricket.com staff

FEATURES

From ‘non-serious Test nation’ to WTC finalists: South Africa’s surreal journey

Here’s a recap of South Africa’s journey in Word Test Championship (WTC) 2023-25 as they book their spot in the final at Lord’s
29 Dec, 2024

Abhishek Singh

Follow us on

CriclyticsTM
Match Schedule
Fantasy Center
All Series
Cricket News
Cricket Videos
Players
Teams
Stadiums
Rankings
Records
Play Responsibly
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Security
Legality
Contact Us

Cricket like never before!

@2025 cricket.com | All rights reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricket.com/news/whenever-you-play-a-big-tournament-you-need-a-bit-of-luck-azhar-mahmood-6112024-1718086148951 
 ----- 
