Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Zaidi, Kapler expected to be back with Giants next year
Share
Zaidi, Kapler expected to be back with Giants next year
September 16th, 2023

Maria Guardado

@mi_guardado
Share

This story was excerpted from Maria Guardado’s Giants Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

The Giants expected to do better than to be one of four clubs battling for the third and final National League Wild Card spot this season, but their brain trust appears to be safe for now.

Giants chairman Greg Johnson reiterated to The San Francisco Chronicle’s Susan Slusser on Thursday that president of baseball operations Farhan Zaidi and manager Gabe Kapler “will both be here next year.” Johnson’s vote of confidence came on the same day the Red Sox dismissed Chaim Bloom as their chief baseball officer, ending a nearly four-year run that resulted in only one playoff appearance for the club.

Zaidi was hired one year prior to Bloom’s arrival in Boston, but his tenure in San Francisco has been marked by similar pitfalls. Tasked with turning the Giants into sustainable contenders, Zaidi steered the club to a franchise-record 107 wins and a NL West division title in 2021, but San Francisco significantly regressed last season, going 81-81 and missing the playoffs for the third time since 2019.

Despite their attempts to land a big star in free agency, the Giants whiffed on their offseason pursuits of Aaron Judge and Carlos Correa, pivoting to outfielders Mitch Haniger and Michael Conforto, who have been hampered by injuries and inconsistency this year. Left-hander Taylor Rogers has settled into a back-end role in the Giants’ bullpen, but Zaidi’s two other free-agent signings -- Ross Stripling and Sean Manaea -- have bounced in and out of the rotation amid their own struggles this year.

Many of their veterans have underwhelmed, but the Giants have received a significant boost from their farm system, which graduated a talented wave of prospects to the Majors this year, including Patrick Bailey, Kyle Harrison and Casey Schmitt, all of whom were drafted by Zaidi’s regime.

With Zaidi in the final year of the original five-year contract he signed in November 2018, there was speculation that the Giants could consider making leadership changes if they fell short of expectations again this season. Those rumblings grew louder after the Giants lost six in a row to drop back to .500 earlier this month, but Johnson told the Chronicle that the club had a 2024 opt-out clause for Zaidi that “expired months ago” and emphasized that the organization stands “fully behind him.”

Related
Verlander, 3-time Cy winner, signs 1-year deal with Giants

12:40 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Zaidi addresses job status, plan for 2025

September 25th, 2024

Kapler serves suspension in opener vs. Atlanta

August 18th, 2023

Giants hire Gabe Kapler as new manager

November 13th, 2019

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

According to FanGraphs, San Francisco’s playoff odds have fallen from 80.4 percent on Aug. 4 to 31.3 percent entering Saturday, but Zaidi has continued to express faith in Kapler, who is also under contract through 2024.

“I look at Gabe’s time here, he’s got one of the top winning percentages of any manager in Giants history,” Zaidi told KNBR’s Adam Copeland and Dieter Kurtenbach on Thursday. “I think he’s in the top 10. He’s obviously won Manager of the Year [in 2021], and I think you look at this season, we started 6-13, we bounced back from that. We had a really rough August and this homestand helped right the ship. I don’t think a team can go through those struggles and come out the other side the way we have a couple times this season without strong leadership. So that’s about as strong endorsement I can give for the job he’s done.

“And again, we don’t aspire to be a team that’s scrapping and clawing to get into the playoffs. That’s the reality this year. There’s an aspiration for us to be better, certainly, but we’ve been a consistently competitive team under his watch. And I think we all appreciate that in terms of the job he’s done.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Francisco Giants
Farhan Zaidi
Gabe Kapler

Senior Reporter Maria Guardado covers the Giants for MLB.com. She previously covered the Angels from 2017-18.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/farhan-zaidi-gabe-kapler-to-return-with-giants-next-season 
 ----- 
