Open sidebar
Home
Cricket
Zimbabwe vs Ireland 1st T20I Live Telecast Channel in India and UK: When and where to watch ZIM vs IRE Harare T20I?

Dixit Bhargav
PublishedJan 12, 2023

Follow Us

Blessing Muzarabani celebrates a wicket.

The first T20I of the ongoing Ireland’s tour of Zimbabwe will commence at the Harare Sports Club in less than an hour from now. Having last faced each other in any format during the ICC T20 World Cup 2022, both the teams will be playing their first match since the world event in Australia about a couple of months ago.

Advertisement

In the previous nine Zimbabwe-Ireland T20Is, Zimbabwe have won four as compared to five Irish wins. With Zimbabwe winning the last two matches against this opposition, the hosts would want to make most of the home advantage on Thursday in a bid to march towards a maiden bilateral T20I series victory against them.

Readers must note that Zimbabwe have played 32 out of the 35 Harare T20Is till date winning six and losing as many as 26 matches.

Ireland, who’ve won five and lost seven out of their 12 ODIs in Zimbabwe, will be playing the shortest format for the first time in this country. Currently in Zimbabwe for three T20Is and as many ODIs, Ireland would’ve played the same number of matches had it not been for the COVID-19 pandemic.

Zimbabwe vs Ireland 1st T20I Live Telecast Channel in India and UK

No television channel will be broadcasting Ireland’s tour of Zimbabwe 2023 for the Indian audiences. It is not surprising that international cricket being played in Zimbabwe hasn’t been able to allure even one broadcasting network unlike India’s tour of Zimbabwe 2022.

As a result, streaming platform Fan Code will come to the rescue of Indian fans yet again. Interested fans will be able to watch the whole tour by buying a subscription on either of the website or mobile application of Fan Code.

A subscription will cost a fan INR 79 for these six matches. Furthermore, there is no arrangement whatsoever for a one-match pass today.

While local fans in Zimbabwe will be able to watch this match on ZBC, fans of the Irish team back home will be able to watch Harare T20Is on Freesports TV (renamed to Viaplay).

BROADCAST UPDATE

Ireland Men’s tour to Zimbabwe:

📺 Fans in Republic of Ireland: https://t.co/2xvLUsaTAw
📺 Fans in Northern Ireland: https://t.co/nSNmooBz0d

We’re seeking clarification from Zimbabwe Cricket if https://t.co/9yYVcF0Oml will be available in NI and will update. pic.twitter.com/xsHBbpkuTx

— Cricket Ireland (@cricketireland) January 11, 2023

Date – 12/01/2023 (Thursday).

Match start Time – 11:00 AM (Ireland) and 04:30 PM (India).

TV Channel – Not available (India), Freesports TV (UK) and ZBC (Zimbabwe).

Online platform – Fan Code (India) and Freesports TV (UK).

IrelandIreland Tour Of Zimbabwe 2023Zimbabwe

About the author

Dixit Bhargav

Born and brought up in Pathankot, Dixit Bhargav is an engineering and sports management graduate who works as a Cricket Editor at The SportsRush. Having written more than 10,000 articles across more than five years at TSR, his first cricketing memory dates back to 2002 when former India captain Sourav Ganguly had waved his jersey at the historic Lord’s balcony. What followed for an 8-year-old was an instant adulation for both Ganguly and the sport. The optimist in him is waiting for the day when Punjab Kings will win their maiden Indian Premier League title. When not watching cricket, he is mostly found in a cinema hall watching a Punjabi movie.

Share this article

Don’t miss these

Dixit Bhargav • Aug 18, 2023

“Doubt There Would Be A Fight”: 13 Months After India’s Tour Of Ireland 2022, R Ashwin Predicts One-Sided Win For Visitors This Year

Dixit Bhargav • Jun 02, 2023

England Cricket Bucket Hat: Why are English Cricketers Wearing a Different Hat Today at Lord’s?

Dixit Bhargav • Jun 02, 2023

WATCH: Ben Duckett Takes A Dig At His Height After Camera Doesn’t Spot Him Between Zac Crawley And Stuart Broad

Dixit Bhargav • Jan 14, 2023

Mark Adair brother name: Are Mark Adair and Ross Adair brothers?

Rishikesh Sharma • Jan 11, 2023

Harare Sports Club pitch report: Harare stadium pitch report for Zimbabwe vs Ireland 1st T20I match

Gurpreet Singh • Jun 17, 2023

Harare Sports Club Pitch Report For Zimbabwe vs Nepal World Cup Qualifier

Headlines

NFL

“I Think That Will Come True”: Kelly Stafford Predicts Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce Will Get Engaged in 2025

F1

When Michael Schumacher Paid $1 Million to Have a Peek Into His Teammate’s Contract

NASCAR

“You Don’t Want to Waste That”: Joey Logano Embracing Role as NASCAR’s Leader After Historic Title Win

Basketball

Is Stephen Curry Playing Tonight vs Grizzlies? Warriors Injury Report(January 4th)

NASCAR

“Stop Acting Like We Don’t Exist”: NASCAR Teaser Falls Flat With Fans Still Not Over Shocking Disclosure by Executive

Follow TheSportsRush

Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Footer
Facebook
Instagram
X
More From Us
Stories
Legal
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Ethics Policy
Fact Checking Policy
Corrections Policy
Editorial Guidelines
Company
About Us
Ownership
Editorial Team
Support
Contact Us

Copyright: © RU Sport Private Limited. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thesportsrush.com/cricket-news-zimbabwe-vs-ireland-1st-t20i-live-telecast-channel-in-india-and-uk-when-and-where-to-watch-zim-vs-ire-harare-t20i/ 
 ----- 
