Jump to content
Independent
Fitness & Wellbeing
Subscribe
Menu
NEWS
SPORT
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
INDYBEST
TRAVEL
SportCricket
Ex-England international Gary Ballance makes winning Zimbabwe debut against Ireland

The former England batter made 30 in a five-wicket win in the T20 opener in Harare

Pa Sport Staff
Thursday 12 January 2023 17:30 GMT
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
Gary Ballance makes his debut for Zimbabwe (Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi/AP) (AP)
Sign up to our free sport newsletter for all the latest news on everything from cycling to boxing
SIGN UP
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our privacy policy

Former England batter Gary Ballance enjoyed a winning start to his Zimbabwe career, hitting 30 in a low-scoring T20 victory over Ireland in Harare.

Ballance, now 33, switched his allegiance to the country of his birth having last featured for England in 2017.

He played 23 Tests and 16 ODIs for his adopted nation but latterly struggled with his mental health and was suspended from future selection after admitting using “unacceptable” language to former Yorkshire team-mate Azeem Rafiq.

His new chapter on the international stage began with a breezy 30, including two fours and a six, as Zimbabwe chased down a modest target with five wickets in hand.

Ireland were bowled out for just 114 as only three players reached double figures and Gareth Delany top-scored with 24. Ross Adair was dismissed for five on debut as he stood in for the unavailable Paul Stirling.

Despite also missing Josh Little to the franchise circuit, Ireland struck twice with the new ball only for Ballance and Sean Williams (34 not out) to knock off the bulk of the runs in the middle order.

Harry Tector and Mark Adair finished with two wickets apiece but Zimbabwe made it 1-0 in the three-match series with two overs unused.

More aboutGary BallanceZimbabweEngland cricket
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

Comments
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Subscribe
Register
Newsletters
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.independent.co.uk/sport/cricket/gary-ballance-ireland-zimbabwe-england-harare-b2261092.html 
 ----- 
