UITSLAGEN
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
TRANSFER NEWS
EREDIVISIE
NETHERLANDS
TENNIS
DARTS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
ROAD CYCLING
BASKETBALL
FEATURES
PREMIER LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
BASKETBAL
NBA
ATLANTA HAWKS' CZECH GUARD VÍT KREJCI STEALS HEADLINES WITH STELLAR ASSIST IN PRE-SEASON
Atlanta Hawks' Czech guard Vít Krejci steals headlines with stellar assist in pre-season
Pavel Křiklan,
09.10.2024 11:40
Vit Krejci could be satisfied with the opening game of pre-season
Kevin C. Cox / Getty Images North America / Getty Images via AFP / Profimedia
He didn't fit into the Atlanta Hawks' summer league lineup. However, at the beginning of pre-season ahead of the start of the NBA, the only Czech basketball player in the most famous league in the world, Vít Krejci (24), was involved. And he stole the headlines against the Indiana Pacers after one moment of genius, as the Hawks went on to win 131-130.

With six minutes to go, Krejci stopped Kendall Brown's attack and took the ball out of his hands with such ease. But that wasn't all. He flipped the ball over to his right hand, spread it out as if to throw a discus, and swept it across the court with all his might.

The sharp, elusive pass evaded his opponent's slide, bounced off the ground and into Indiana's two-point territory, right into the hands of Kobe Bufkin, who was all alone under the basket and finished easily.

"We may have seen the pass of the year," commented American websites on the unusual manoeuvre. The Czech point guard's star teammate Trae Young, who was resting on the bench at the time, stood up and gestured with both hands, rubbing his eyes intensely, to show his admiration for his teammate's action.

Overseas social networks in turn characterised the assist as a "Kuroko special" in reference to the famous Japanese comic about basketball superheroes and its central character, famous for his magical passes. Krejci spent the second most minutes on the court of anyone in the game.

He took another small step in his fight to make it into the starting five. He signed a four-year contract with the franchise in the summer, and it was perhaps the first break between seasons where he had the peace of mind to prepare and not have to dwell on where his future would lead.

He gained confidence, which he carried into preseason camp. "Vít's playing great. I have to admit that I didn't know him much before I came here. I was impressed with the kid," said teammate Larry Nance Jr., who joined the Hawks over the summer from Oklahoma.

Krejci stayed in Atlanta for a few weeks over the summer, working on his shooting with the club's assistant general manager instead of flying home.

What creative skills he has, he has shown again now. "I want to contribute more and more. I know what's asked of me - to defend, to shoot, to play fast, simple and right," Krejci told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution in an interview a few days ago.

And that's exactly what he has just shown.

"He can affect the game in a lot of different ways," coach Quin Snyder pointed out. Will he give the Czech talent a chance to show it off again this season?

See a summary of the game here

MENTIONS
Basketbal
Vit Krejci
Atlanta Hawks
NBA
American Sports
Related Articles
Family affair as LeBron and Bronny James play together for first time
07.10.2024 05:54
Boston beat Denver in NBA exhibition season opener but Jokic says omens are good
04.10.2024 21:50
Damian Lillard embraced boot camp to bring 'real me' to Bucks
30.09.2024 20:25
Show more
Basketbal
NBA roundup: Thunder bounce back with big win in New York, Celtics stunned at home
8 h ago
Williamson suspended by the Pelicans for violating team ploicy, misses 76ers game
12 h ago
NBA roundup: Garland drops 40 in Cavs' 12th straight win, Lakers-Hornets game postponed
Yesterday 04:30
NBA All-Star voting continues to be dominated by Jokic and Giannis
Yesterday 04:15
Los Angeles Lakers match with Charlotte Hornets postponed due to wildfires
09.01.2025 19:32
NBA roundup: Cavaliers win huge game to end Thunder run, Pistons & Pacers also victorious
09.01.2025 07:18
Nowitzki set to become analyst for the NBA from the 2025/26 season in return to basketball
09.01.2025 00:36
NBA roundup: Hawks beat Jazz with dramatic buzzer-beater, Celtics down Nuggets
08.01.2025 07:41
NBA roundup: Giannis triple-double leads Milwaukee Bucks to win over Toronto Raptors
07.01.2025 07:59
Dallas Mavericks star Kyrie Irving set to miss up to two weeks with back sprain
06.01.2025 22:44
Advertentie
VOETBAL
Stand Eredivisie
KKD
Champions League
Europa League
La Liga
Serie A
DARTS LIVE
Dutch Darts Masters 2025
Premier League Darts 2025
Michael van Gerwen
Kevin Doets
Jermaine Wattimena
Gian van Veen
TENNIS
ATP Australian Open 2025
WTA Australian Open 2025
Tallon Griekspoor
ATP kalender 2025
WTA kalender 2025
ATP rankings
VOETBAL VANDAAG
Ajax - RKC Waalwijk
PSV - AZ
Feyenoord - FC Utrecht
AZ - Ajax
PSV - Excelsior Rotterdam
Rijnsburgse Boys - Feyenoord
PEC Zwolle - PSV
LIVE UITSLAGEN
Rus - Danilovic
Van De Zandschulp - De Minaur
Hurkacz - Griekspoor
Telstar - Jong PSV
Vitesse - VVV-Venlo
Jong AZ - Jong Ajax
Brecel - Wakelin
FLASHSCORE.NL
Gebruiksvoorwaarden
Privacybeleid
AVG en media
Adverteren
Contact
Mobiel
Live uitslagen
Aanbevolen Sites
FAQ
VOLG ONS
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBIELE APPLICATIES
Onze app is geoptimaliseerd voor jouw telefoon. Download 'm gratis!
Lite-versie
Wat kost gokken jou? Stop op tijd. 18+, loketkansspel.nl
Copyright © 2006-25 Flashscore.nl
Stel privacy in
Wij vinden uw privacy belangrijk
Wij en onze 849 partners slaan informatie, zoals unieke identificatoren in cookies, op een apparaat op, en/of lezen deze van een apparaat in om persoonsgegevens te verwerken. Je kunt je instellingen bevestigen of wijzigen door hieronder te klikken. Je kunt dit ook op elk moment doen op de pagina met onze privacyverklaring. Deze keuzes worden aan onze partners doorgegeven en hebben geen invloed op browsegegevens.Derde partijen
Wij en onze partners verwerken gegevens voor de volgende doeleinden:

Precieze geolocatiegegevens gebruiken. De apparaatkenmerken actief scannen ter identificatie. Informatie op een apparaat opslaan en/of openen. Gepersonaliseerde advertenties en content, advertentie- en contentmetingen, doelgroepenonderzoek en ontwikkeling van diensten.
Partnerlijst (derden)

Akkoord
Alles afwijzen
Doeleinden weergeven
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.nl/news/basketball-nba-atlanta-hawks-czech-guard-vit-krejci-steals-headlines-with-stellar-assist-in-pre-season/bu5MrS0n/ 
 ----- 
