Basketball Poetry
Subscribe
Sign in
19 unlikely-but-plausible predictions for the 2024-25 NBA Season
Victor Wembanyama, Zach Edey, pressing defenses, Kawhi Leonard, and so much more!
MIKE SHEARER
OCT 09, 2024
∙ PAID
17
15
Share

Welcome to the third annual installment of my unlikely-but-plausible predictions, this time for the 2024-25 NBA Season!

I don’t want to hit on more than a handful of these — if I did, that means I wasn’t bold enough. It’s no fun playing it safe. They need to be feasible, though, and at the end of the year, I’ll go back and check my work to see just how off (or, rarely, on) the mark I was with each prediction. Accountability matters!

Again, one more time: I hope to get roughly a quarter of these right, which means most will be wrong! However, they are all intriguing possibilities to think about and highlight the players, teams, and trends I’ll be watching early in the season.

I'd love to hear some of your unlikely-but-plausible predictions in the comments!

1) Zach Edey leads the league in screen assists per 36

We don’t have many ways of measuring a screener’s effectiveness with public-facing data, so despite the divisive nature of screen assists, let’s stick with them.

Two things have to happen for a center to lead the league in screen assists. First, they must be in a pick-and-roll heavy offense with a ballhandler both willing and capable of scoring in high volumes. (*Looks at Ja Morant, checks box*). Then, they have to be pretty good at actually setting screens! (*Cranes neck, looks at Zach Edey, checks box*).

This divination might not be a huge stretch (former Grizzlies center Steven Adams led the league in this category two years before missing last season with an injury), but a few things could make it tricky. Word coming from Memphis is that the team will be playing less two-man pick-and-roll in favor of more motion offense. And rookies, particularly big men, traditionally take time to pick up the NBA’s nuances, including how to screen effectively. Finally, competition will be fierce, with prolific screeners like Jusuf Nurkic and Domantas Sabonis likely to top the leaderboard again. (Expect the Atlanta Hawks’ centers to rack up screen assists at an absurd rate now that Trae Young is the sole ballhandler in a Quin Snyder system, too.)

Consider this a dual wager on both Edey’s rookie season and Morant’s comeback tour.

2) Wembanyama finishes First-Team All-NBA

A baseline expectation should be that Wembanyama is Defensive Player of the Year next year, and if that’s the case, how good on offense will he need to be to make First Team All-NBA?

Assuming he plays next to Wembanyama, Harrison Barnes will crack open at least a tiny sliver of space for the oxygen-starved Wemby to operate in. Chris Paul isn’t a high-volume shooter, but he’s still the most accurate passer alive, and he’s never played with someone with this kind of catch radius (no one has, to be fair). Wembanyama shot just 28% on a solid volume of catch-and-shoot threes last season; a summer to work from the NBA three-point line should bolster that number. Also, like every second-year player, he should improve as a finisher with a year of experience and increased strength (he’s put on noticeable weight).

I’m not someone who thinks the Spurs will be making a hard charge for the play-in spot. I’m deeply nervous about the Devin Vassell injury, and the almost impossible lack of spacing on the team will crater this offense, even with Wembanyama. The defense should be excellent with Wemby on the floor but abysmal, again, with Wemby off. Plus, the Spurs are incentivized to aim for one more mid-lottery draft pick before the Wemby takeover truly begins.

Context must be considered; no other All-NBA-caliber player plays in a worse ecosystem. And yet! Wembanyama averaged 21/11/4 last season as a rookie amidst even bleaker circumstances. If his efficiency increases even a little, could we see something like 26/12/5 with five stocks per game? That would merit a long look.

It might be too much to expect a second-year player on a solidly bad team to become one of the five best players in the world (who played in 65 games), but I can’t help myself. There are a lot of studs in the league right now: Jokic, Giannis, Tatum, Luka, SGA, Embiid, Curry, Durant, Booker, Brunson, Leonard, Edwards, AD, LeBron, Haliburton, Zion, Morant, etc. Wembanyama has to be healthier and better than all but four of that group to prove me right.

Is it unlikely? Sure. Is it impossible? Absolutely not. Luka Doncic made First Team All-NBA in his second season not too long ago, and fellow Spurs legend Tim Duncan did, too. That’s the sort of company Wembanyama aims to keep.

3) Jalen Johnson, All-Star

I couldn’t be higher on Jalen Johnson.

Monster dunks? Yep:

Spicy, instinctual playmaking? You know it:

A knack for playing highwayman? Better chain your fanny pack:

Johnson has immense athleticism and a surprising feel for the game. He also canned 35.5% of his triples on nearly four attempts per game, significant improvements from his first two seasons, and sucks up rebounds like a mutated Dyson. The absence of Dejounte Murray means there will be plenty more shots for the taking, and Johnson showed burgeoning pick-and-roll chemistry with Trae Young. He even has a sneaky-strong floater game, a sharp weapon to pair with his bullying drives to the rack.

Johnson barely played in his first two seasons, so it’s more than reasonable to expect further improvement from the fourth-year forward. He’s a beast in transition, but his half-court finishing could be even better. The defense is generally quite good, but could be great. The three-pointer needs to improve in volume and accuracy. He’s already a good player, but there are so many areas he could improve upon that it seems impossible he won’t make huge strides next season.

At just 22 years old, Johnson is already the second-best player on the Atlanta Hawks. Competition for the final Eastern All-Star slots will be fierce, especially with the additions of Paul George and Karl-Anthony Towns to the conference, and the idea of the Hawks having two All-Stars while being, like, eighth in the standings may ruffle some feathers. But Johnson will be a highlight machine and could average 20/10/5 next season with efficiency and defense, to boot. He’ll be in the mix.

(Also, this has nothing to do with anything, but Johnson’s teammate Vit Krejci just threw one of the best passes I’ve ever seen. Here’s a link to it on X/Twitter.)

4) Jalen Suggs gets extended for four years, $125 million

Paying $30M+ annually for a player who only averaged tween points last year may sound ludicrous, but Suggs was an All-Defensive player who canned 40% of his triples on nearly seven attempts per 36 minutes. That combination of defense and shooting volume is extremely rare, making it extremely valuable.

As a point of reference, Jaden McDaniels extended last year for five years and $136 million. This contract will be bigger than that, given teams’ greater understanding of the new CBA and Suggs’ more prolific three-point shooting.

Suggs will also take the offense's reins to a far larger degree in the absence of Markelle Fultz. There will be some growing pains, and his turnovers are a number to watch, but he should boost his box score profile this season with more on-ball time. That, in turn, will bring more negotiating ammo.

There are some risks. If the Magic get off to a slow start or don’t take the next step they’re expecting, Suggs may get squeezed in restricted free agency after the team has already committed so much money to the rest of the rotation. And Suggs struggled with health for the first two years of his career — his rough-and-tumble play style lends itself to nagging injuries.

However, Suggs has the perfect skill set to play with any teammate at any time. Given how much Paolo Banchero and Franz Wagner have the rock, Suggs’ ability to play off the ball is crucial to Orlando’s success. Even if the contract eventually proves too rich for the Magic’s taste, he will be a coveted trade chip at virtually any price for future contenders who are willing to stomach a high tax bill.

Smarter people than me predict a significantly lower number is coming, but I have a hunch about this one. This is my third year doing unlikely-but-plausible predictions, and salaries are pretty much the only ones I consistently get right. The perception of 3-and-D-and-a-little-more players hasn’t quite caught up to the market reality. Suggs is getting paid paid.

5) We get a record-low number of free throws

This one isn’t nearly as bold as it might sound, but I want to make a point.

A common complaint about basketball is the number of free throws that teams, particularly star players, shoot, but we’re actually in a Golden Era of watchability from that perspective. Last year, teams averaged the second-lowest number of free throw attempts per 100 possessions in Basketball-Reference’s database, which goes back to 1973-74. (The COVID-shortened season of 2020-21 was a hair lower.)

In general, we’ve been in a time of declining freebies since a peak in 2005-06:

That trend holds in absolute terms, too: teams also averaged the second-lowest raw free throw attempts per game (behind just 2017-2018).

Last year’s free throw attempt rate was even lower than that after the NBA quietly changed its rules, so if the league maintains its more physical standard, as Indiana coach Rick Carlisle just suggested, the record will be shattered. The NBA has a long history of implementing rule changes that make a big initial impact before leveling off, but nobody likes watching free throws. I’m optimistic this change persists, and we will see a new record low for trips to the charity stripe.

6) The Blazers press 10% of the time

Portland’s defense was a relative bright spot last season (almost anything shines compared to that grimy, grimy offense), ranking 23rd in the league in points per possession on Synergy’s leaderboard.

Part of their extremely modest success was a reliance upon unusual defenses: they ranked third in zone frequency and first in full-court presses, which sort of worked? The Blazers have the personnel to play havoc in passing lanes and apply tremendous ball pressure. Matisse Thybulle led the league in deflections last year, and rising second-year player Toumani Camara is a bear trap with a 7’1” wingspan who began the year by pressing more often by himself than nearly a third of the league’s teams. Big men unaccustomed to backcourt ball pressure had no chance:

Synergy doesn’t count presses the same way Second Spectrum does, but it still lists Portland as pressing 7.2% of the time — that’s more than any other team in its database, which dates back to the 2008-09 season. Portland’s presses only gave up .94 points per possession, far below their overall defensive mark of 1.05.

NBA ballhandlers and passers can break presses fairly easily; Portland’s gimmickry may backfire now that NBA teams expect it. It’s also exhausting to run regularly, requiring a level of conditioning and defensive depth that few teams have. But I’m guessing Portland’s struggles to score (which should be immense) may encourage coach Chauncey Billups to turn the heat up even more.

The selection of rookie mountain Donovan Clingan provides an imposing last line of defense, which could enable the Blazers to play more aggressively up top, and the trade for Deni Avdija provides another high-level defender on the wing to pair with Camara, Thybulle, and perpetual trade candidate Jerami Grant. With guards Scoot Henderson, Shaedon Sharpe, and Anfernee Simons still weak links on that end, Billups may shrug and tell his guys to pick up 94 feet even more often.

Truthfully, this prediction has almost no chance of coming through for me, but I enjoy watching Trail Blazers hounding ballhandlers full court. This is more about what I want to happen than what I think will happen. Portland’s defense is one of the more unusual watches in the NBA, and they may lean even more into that identity this year.

7) Bam Adebayo and Kel’el Ware combine for five 3PA/game

Bam says his goal is at least 100 three-point attempts next season, but I think he aims higher (Bam shot nine in just 97 Olympic minutes and five in his first preseason game). Let’s mark him down for 2.5 per game. That means rookie Kel’el Ware would need to average 2.5 per game, a steep figure for someone who might only play 20 minutes per night and averaged just 1.5 per game in his college career.

But I’m sticking with it! Coach Erik Spoelstra has stated that the offense needs to innovate after years of being the albatross on Burnie’s neck, and nothing would be a more welcome change than Adebayo and Ware notching some triples. Jimmy Butler’s presence, a boon in so many ways, requires more shooting from other positions. Finding another stretch big capable of holding their own defensively (sorry, Kevin Love) would breathe new life into a stagnant Miami attack.

If either Miami big proves to be a threat from deep, pairing them becomes far more palatable. A Butler/Adebayo/Ware frontline would be ferocious defensively, even with Miami’s poor guard defenders. Add Haywood Highsmith at the two-spot, and the Heat have an absolutely vicious lineup with more hypothetical shooting than you’d expect.

I believe Miami will dip an entire foot into the three-point waters early in the season; there’s been too much smoke not to see at least a little flame. If either or both players can stretch the floor, the Heat might throw themselves in the deep end.

8) Josh Giddey averages 18/9/9

Only two players have ever averaged a triple-double: Oscar Robertson and Russell Westbrook. Only five players have had seasons averaging 18/9/9: those two plus Nikola Jokic, Luka Doncic, and Magic Johnson. It feels like basketball heresy to put Giddey’s name in the same group (particularly since only Oscar and Magic did it at 22 years old), but these aren’t called “likely-and-plausible” predictions, are they?

To start, Giddey should play a ton of minutes. The Bulls aren’t a super-deep team, and many players have medical reports that look like Costco receipts (Patrick Williams, Lonzo Ball, Zach LaVine, etc.). Giddey might be the last man standing.

He has always been a big stat accumulator and averaged nearly 17 points, eight rebounds, and six assists in his second year in the league while playing next to Shai Gilgeous-Alexander. This year, he’ll be the unquestioned point guard and have a chance to pile up monster box score numbers.

Giddey’s defense and lack of shooting (which, to be fair, he’s incrementally improved each year since entering the league) are problems, but they are more problematic in the playoffs. His spot in the starting lineup is secure after the team traded for him with their best chip, Alex Caruso, and he’s always been at his best with the ball.

Giddey likely won’t start the season with massive numbers, as Zach LaVine, Coby White, and Nikola Vucevic all have to eat, but as other players get injured or traded, Giddy eventually will be left with a monumental offensive burden.

9) Andrew Nembhard comes in second in Most Improved Player voting

Nembhard had a strong finish last year. All his numbers dramatically improved in the playoffs for a variety of reasons: Haliburton’s injury, coach Rick Carlisle’s decision to use Haliburton more as a spacer than a ballhandler, and the heightened minutes for starters that come with tightened playoff rotations.

Even with extenuating circumstances, though, those ‘yoff numbers (15 points and 5.5 assists to just 1.4 turnovers) could stick.

Traditionally, MIP has gone to guys making All-Star-level leaps or bigger. The last few winners have been Tyrese Maxey, Lauri Markkanen, Ja Morant, Julius Randle, and Brandon Ingram. Not even Pacers fans with the thickest rose-tinted sunglasses can credibly claim to see Nembhard leveling up to that degree, and he won’t shoot 56% from the field and 48% from deep again.

But watching the Pacers make a run, I saw a player coming into his own — increased confidence in his jumper, excellent playmaking, and powerful drives against staunch foes:

There are many ways Nembhard can show his improvement this season. A big scoring jump will always catch the eye of MIP voters. Nembhard’s defense is already excellent (as long as he doesn’t have to check Jalen Brunson), but a reduction in the number of fouls he commits and a saner defensive scheme from coach Rick Carlisle (which, to be fair, Carlisle began implementing at the end of last season) will make his strengths shine even brighter. Nembhard’s ability to play next to or in place of Tyrese Haliburton ensures he’ll receive steady minutes, too.

Many people seem to regard last season’s playoff run as, if not a fluke, certainly fluke-adjacent. If the Pacers keep up their torrid pace from last year and are fighting for home-court advantage in the playoffs, the media will notice, and Nembhard will be a beneficiary.

As I said, some first-time All-Star will almost inevitably win this award (I hope it’s not Wemby; I refuse to allow Most Improved Player to become the Happy Meal MVP). But someone like Nembhard, who might go from fringe starter to pillar of an Easter Conference contender, will have an attractive narrative that may supersede the raw numbers and earn him some votes.

10) Ausar Thompson (or, uh, maybe Amen) shoots 30% from three

This might be my unlikeliest take of them all, truthfully. Ausar Thompson shot 18.6% from deep in his rookie year, airmailing enough attempts to fill a FedEx cargo plane. So what slivers of optimism are there?

For one, defenses will be sprinting away from him to an even greater degree than last season. Nobody in the league (except Amen) will generate less respect at the three-point line. For two, Thompson shot 29.8% (rounds to 30%!) from Overtime Elite’s FIBA-length three-point line the year before he was drafted. Not great, but a starting point. For three, the Pistons have hired renowned shooting coach Fred Vinson to fix the Pistons’ collective lack of jumpers. He’s made a massive difference for many Pelicans players, most notably fixing the jumpers of Lonzo Ball and Brandon Ingram in their first year on the Pelicans. Perhaps he can do the same for Thompson.

Realistically, it will take some time to see results, but there are some precedents for quick turnarounds. Brook Lopez went from 14% on 0.2 attempts per game to 34.6% on an astonishing 5.2 launches overnight (although he always had a beautiful midrange jumper). Orlando’s Jalen Suggs shot 21.4% from three in his rookie year; that turned into 32.7% in his second season. Suggs’ jumper was nowhere near as bad as Thompson’s (Suggs never hesitated to shoot it, and the confidence to keep firing is essential). Still, he and Lopez prove that shots can undergo a metamorphosis in short order.

I had to caveat this forecast, though, as a recent report indicated there is currently no timeline for Thompson’s return from scary blood clot issues. It’s hard not to think of Chris Bosh. If Ausar can’t play, pretty much everything I said above applies to Amen, too, so that’s what I’ll grade myself on at the end of the year.

Ausar is one of my favorite role players in the league, a limb whirlwind with excellent passing and rebounding instincts. He turns defense into must-see TV. There’s something hilarious about how he makes the extraordinary seem mundane:

I’m not optimistic a fixed jumper is actually in the cards, but I’m willing to hope. Mostly, though, I just hope Thompson gets to play soon.

11) The Thunder don’t nab the #1 seed (but do win the West)

To be clear, there are myriad reasons for the Thunder to be uber-successful, and those will become especially pertinent in the playoffs. But all the excitement over the Thunder overshadows ways OKC could be worse than we expect through 82 games.

The team’s entire offensive philosophy last season was based on a five-out system, with Chet Holmgren, Jaylin Williams, and even Kenrich Williams all playing center as capable spot-up three-point shooters. Having five guys behind the arc opened up the driving lanes for Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Jalen Williams, and the team’s snack pack of slashers.

The addition of Hartenstein might complicate things. Hartenstein is a gorgeous passer with a nice touch on little flip shots near the hoop, but he has never averaged more than 0.5 three-pointers per game (although offseason footage has shown him nailing triples like a prime Dirk Nowitzki in scrimmages!). Even if he starts taking more, he won’t replicate the spacing of a Chet Holmgren or even a Jaylin Williams. His presence is a good thing, but it will require adjustments from everyone on the team, from SGA to coach Mark Daigneault. That period may cost them a few wins.

Also, very quietly, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander’s stats slipped slightly after the officiating rule changes happened. He went from 31.1 points per game before the All-Star break to 27.5 after, with a noticeable dip in free throws, shooting percentages, and assists. It could just be wear and tear from the long season (he dealt with a lingering quad injury, among other things), or it could be random small-sample noise. But if the increased physicality bothered him, that small change could mean something over 82 games.

Finally, the Thunder were remarkably healthy last season. Their top seven players by minutes per game all played at least 71 games. It’s almost impossible for Oklahoma City to be that lucky again. We don’t know what sort of impact losing a key rotation piece would have for OKC because we haven’t really seen it yet.

The exchange of Alex Caruso and Isaiah Hartenstein for Josh Giddey in the Thunder’s rotation had a two-sided effect: it made them far more flexible in the playoffs while simultaneously removing Giddey’s playoff vulnerabilities. Addition by addition and subtraction. They are the favorites to win the West for good reason. But there’s a chance, however small, that the regular season won’t be the dominant run people seem to expect.

12) Jamal Shead makes an All-Rookie team

I added this at the last minute after watching Shead’s scintillating preseason debut for the Toronto Raptors. Nothing’s ever gone wrong after forming impressions from a 20-minute preseason stint, right?

But goodness gracious, Shead was getting after it, as he’s done all his life.

The 6’1” guard was the rare little to win Defensive Player of the Year in college, but questions about his shot and ability to score at the rim against NBA bigs dropped his draft status. Toronto gladly snapped him up in the middle of the second round, immediately giving him a guaranteed contract.

Shead has a lot of Kyle Lowry in him, from his physical build to his preference for pushing the pace with the ball. But the defense is something else entirely, a mix of handsiness, teleportation-level quickness, and general all-around dawgeddness.

Shead faces an uphill battle simply to get enough playing time to qualify for All-Rookie consideration, as he’ll battle for backup guard minutes with a similar player in Davion Mitchell and fellow rookie Ja’Kobe Walter, among many others. Even if he gets a look, Shead must show he can avoid being an offensive liability (he shot 30% from deep in college, and it’s fair to wonder what role he can find in modern NBA offense). All-Rookie team spots have usually gone to players with surface-level box-score numbers while defensive-minded players are left off — see Portland’s Camara last year for an example.

But I don’t care! I (and, seemingly, all of Toronto) fell in love at first sight. The Raptors have reasons to give him some run (Masai Ujiri has already explicitly stated that this year is about rebuilding), and Shead’s efforts fit nicely into coach Darko Rajakovic’s defensive-minded goals. If Shead can snag some highlight steals to grab notice nationally and makes enough open threes and transition layups to juice his scoring, he might be able to sneak onto the Second Team in a rookie class that, fair or not, nobody is excited about.

RIP to opposing backup ballhandlers who have to face Shead and Mitchell in the same backcourt.

**Become a paid subscriber today to gain access to the remaining seven predictions below, as well as to all the rest of my work!**

This post is for paid subscribers
Subscribe
Already a paid subscriber? Sign in
Previous
Next
© 2025 Michael Shearer
Privacy ∙ Terms ∙ Collection notice
Start Writing
Get the app
Substack is the home for great culture
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.basketballpoetry.com/p/19-unlikely-but-plausible-predictions-9a8 
 ----- 
