Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
Atlanta Hawks
Zaccharie Risacher's incredible preseason debut has Hawks fans abuzz - "Passing on Alex Sarr was a blessing in disguise"
Zaccharie Risacher's incredible preseason debut has Hawks fans abuzz - "Passing on Alex Sarr was a blessing in disguise"
By
John Ezekiel Hirro
Modified Oct 09, 2024 04:37 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Zaccharie Risacher impresses fans in his NBA preseason debut - (Image Source: Imagn)

The NBA preseason often sparks early overreactions, but it took just one game for Atlanta Hawks fans to elevate Zaccharie Risacher’s stock. The 2024 No. 1 overall pick had an impressive preseason debut, emerging as one of the team's top scorers while displaying efficient shooting.

In nearly 23 minutes off the bench, the rookie posted 18 points, three rebounds, and two assists, shooting 7-for-9 from the field and 3-for-4 from beyond the arc, leading the team with a plus-15 rating.

One fan said that the Hawks’ decision to pass on Alex Sarr, who fell to the No. 2 pick and was selected by the Washington Wizards, might have been a stroke of luck.

“Maybe passing on Alex Sarr was a blessing in disguise,” the fan said.
Trending

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Expand Tweet
“Might have to change my ROTY pick from Sarr to Risacher,” another fan added.
“Holdup the hawks might be cooking something with this boy,” another fan said.

Zaccharie Risacher's strong performance caused some fans to reconsider the 2024 NBA draft class, which many had labeled weak.

“I’m seeing this draft class go crazy, people was telling me it’s the worst of all time,” one said.
“Disrespected number 1 pick,” another said.
“Number one pick for a reason🔥,” another fan added.

The Hawks selected Risacher, the French forward, with the first overall pick in the 2024 NBA draft, marking their first No. 1 selection in 49 years.

Hawks GM Landry Fields had revealed that Sarr declined a pre-draft workout with Atlanta, which might have influenced their decision to pick Risacher.

Looking back at Zaccharie Risacher's draft profile

Zaccharie Risacher brings a valuable 3-and-D skill set to the Hawks, standing 6-foot-8 with impressive length. He shot 38.7% from 3-point range last season in France’s LNB Élite league, which enhances Atlanta’s wing depth and shooting, as the team shot 36.4% from beyond the arc last season.

He strengthens the Hawks’ wing rotation, critical in a league that values versatile wing players. Zaccharie Risacher also offers ball-handling skills, making him an asset given the Hawks parted ways with Dejounte Murray. His strengths include his passing ability and defensive prowess, aided by his long arms.

Joining a wing group that includes Jalen Johnson, Bogdan Bogdanovic and possibly DeAndre Hunter, Risacher adds depth, but he needs to improve his scoring around the rim in half-court sets and boost his athleticism, as he currently lacks explosiveness off the dribble.

He needs to prove his shooting consistency after seeing his 3-point percentage drop from 48.2% in his first 34 games in the LNB Élite league to 29.8% in his last 31 games. Improving his free-throw shooting will further solidify his overall scoring efficiency.

Hawks Fan? Check out the latest Hawks depth chart, schedule, and roster updates all in one place.

Quick Links

NBA Atlanta Hawks Twitter reactions NBA Players and Roster 2024-25
Edited by Neha
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-zaccharie-risacher-s-incredible-preseason-debut-hawks-fans-abuzz-passing-alex-sarr-blessing-disguise 
 ----- 
