NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Dodgers' Roberts says it's 'bothersome' Machado seemed to throw ball at him
Associated Press
October 08, 2024 - 9:40am

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-11:3b30f4c2aa909c1ab1d2aa40 Player Element ID: vjs_video_1724
OK
Close Modal Dialog
San Diego Padres outfielder Jurickson Profar, manager Mike Shildt and Dodgers manager Dave Roberts discuss the delay in Game 2 of the NLDS after fans in the crowd threw items onto the field near Profar.
13 comments

SAN DIEGO — Los Angeles manager Dave Roberts said it was “bothersome” and “unsettling” that a ball San Diego third baseman Manny Machado threw into the Dodgers dugout seemed intended for him during the Padres' 10-2 win in Game 2 of their NL Division Series, when tempers flared on the field and in the stands at Dodger Stadium.

It was one of several incidents Sunday night that prompted Dodgers starter Jack Flaherty and Machado to exchange profanities as the Padres evened the series with Shohei Ohtani and the Dodgers at 1-1 by hitting six home runs. Two of them were by Fernando Tatis Jr., who was hit by a pitch by Flaherty, which also angered Machado. Flaherty also hollered at Machado after striking him out with two runners on in the sixth.

Roberts said he didn't notice Machado's throw in real time but later saw a video of the incident. “It was unsettling. ... And the ball was directed at me with something behind it.”

Roberts said the ball didn't hit him because of netting.

"That was very bothersome. If it was intended at me, I would be very — it’s pretty disrespectful," Roberts said Monday before the Dodgers had an early evening workout at Petco Park, where the series will resume in front of a sellout crowd Tuesday night.

According to The Athletic's Fabian Adaya, the Dodgers sent video of Machado throwing the ball toward their dugout to MLB.

Third base umpire Tripp Gibson spoke with Machado but Roberts said: “I don’t think they should have had a little arm-around-each-other conversation. If players can throw balls at opposing managers, you know."

Game 2 was delayed for 12 minutes after rowdy fans tossed baseballs in the direction of San Diego left fielder Jurickson Profar, and then trash onto the outfield. Profar had robbed Mookie Betts of a home run in the first inning, reaching into the stands behind the low left-field wall. He trolled the fans by staring at them and then hopping up and down several times before throwing the ball to the infield.

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-11:2c63b3e9c0b5a16576275d7 Player Element ID: vjs_video_874
OK
Close Modal Dialog

Flaherty said Sunday night that Machado "did some s--- in between innings. He threw a ball at our dugout. There was no reason for that.”

Asked about Flaherty’s accusation, Machado said, “I throw balls all the time into dugouts. Both dugouts. They have bad balls, you throw the ball back in there.”

Roberts spoke Monday about an hour after Machado met briefly with reporters.

Flaherty said he wished he had “held it together a little bit better."

“It's the playoffs, man. There's a lot of emotion,” Flaherty said. “I think it got out of hand yesterday with everybody from me and him to the fans getting involved. There's emotion after the punchout, there's emotion after every home run. I wasn't trying to direct any of that toward him. I understand them taking offense to Tatis getting hit. We would react the same way if any of our guys got hit."

“After that happens and he throws a ball, I wish he would have just let it go,” Flaherty added. "The umpires did their job. They stepped in and talked to him. That's not how I want things to go. We want to keep things on the field and focus on the game."

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-11:e8e004c745dec231fda1d2a0 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog

Flaherty, who grew up in the Los Angeles area, was obtained from Detroit on July 30.

“I'm not trying to be that player that's going back and forth with somebody in the dugout,” Flaherty said. "I was done. Things were said, it's hard to hear. We've got to do a better job of getting things done on the field."

The Dodgers will start Walker Buehler while the Padres will go with Michael King, who struck out 12 in his first playoff start in a 4-0 win in Game 1 of the Wild Card Series against Atlanta.

BetMGM MLB Odds
October 9, 2024
VS
Moneyline
LAD
+500
SD
-800
Spread
+1.5
-375
-1.5
+270
Over/Under
O 0
0
U 0
0
Powered by

“It’s good to be able to have a day off, reset, have a workout here shortly. And there’s going to be a lot of emotions tomorrow,” Roberts said.

Roberts grew up in northern San Diego County, played for the Padres for two seasons and later was on their coaching staff, including serving as interim manager for one game after Bud Black was fired in 2015.

“Part of it is trying to drown out the noise. The other part of it is using it as fuel. So I think that collectively, we’ll be ready to go,” Roberts said.

“I mean, clearly that team over there, they like the villain-type kind of role and they feed off of that," Roberts said. "So whatever gets us going, the motivation is individually, collectively, to win a baseball game, to win a series. It's going to be noisy and rowdy. And it’s up to us to still stay focused and compete and fight.”

Said Profar: “We love to play baseball and we play with a lot of energy. We’re always trying to win.”

Tatis is 9 for 14 with three homers and no strikeouts in four playoff games this year.

“He’s been on fire. He’s been carrying this team,” Machado said. “We all know what he’s capable of. He’s not going to shy away from anything. For us to get to where we want to get to, he’s a big part of that.”

Game 3 goes Tuesday at 9:08 p.m. ET / 6:08 p.m. PT and can be seen on Sportsnet ONE and Sportsnet+.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Padres hit six home runs to rout Dodgers in Game 2, even NLDS at 1-1
Dodgers fans throw items on field, cause delay in Game 2 vs. Padres
MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/roberts-calls-machados-throw-toward-dodgers-dugout-disrespectful/ 
 ----- 
