Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
AUTOS
Why is the RAV4 hybrid top of its class?

Toyota’s compact crossover is the best-selling vehicle in Canada that’s not a pickup for good reasons: reliability, fuel consumption, comfort, safety.

Updated March 12, 2024 at 9:35 a.m.
March 9, 2024
3 min read
Save

The exterior of the 2024 Toyota RAV4 has aged well over the past six years, keeping its modern, stylish shape, writes Jay Kana.

Jay Kana for Toronto Star
By Jay Kana Special to the Star

I’m rolling along congested urban streets. The RAV4 hybrid is barely whispering. The speedometer tells me I’m moving at 50 km/h and the battery is doing the engine’s work quietly and efficiently.

It’s getting warm, and, without me looking for the control, my right arm knows where the large temperature dial and fan speed button are. My mother calls and the infotainment screen lets me accept the call through Apple CarPlay. I keep driving and passing gas stations with confidence, knowing that I can squeeze nearly 1,000 km per tank here. After ending the call with my mom, it’s now too quiet in here. In a quirky turn of events, my Spotify daily mix offers up Simon and Garfunkel’s “The Sound of Silence.”

A Hybrid is the best option for an alternative fuel vehicle in the modern market. This is thanks to the self-charging hybrid technology that drives the front wheels through the engine and hybrid motor. When the rear wheels are needed, accessed via the on-demand all-wheel drive, they rely on their own motor to spin them.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

There’s no plugging in; simply start the car and drive!

Here, there’s a monitor that lets you know just where and how the power is being distributed.

What does that mean for you?

More time in motion and lower fuel costs.

The RAV4 is Canada’s bestselling non-pickup truck.

Why?

Let’s start with the remarkable fuel economy figures, as measured by Natural Resources Canada in its average of litres used per 100 km driven; 5.8 in the city, 6.3 on the highway, and six combined, with a 55-litre fuel tank running on regular 87 octane fuel.

What does that mean for you? Nearly 1,000 km of driving between gas station visits. Only the 2024 Ford Escape hybrid matches these figures.

All RAV4 hybrids feature standard all-wheel drive for added traction in inclement weather.

A 2.5-litre, four-cylinder engine keeps the RAV4 hybrid in motion. It produces a healthy 219 horsepower. Reaching highway speeds is done quickly and having the extra oomph beneath your right foot can help avoid a collision. Both city and highway driving are comfortable and the hybrid system allows you to drive with battery-only power at lower speeds, which saves you fuel. The car is good for long and short drives thanks to comfortable, supportive seats.

The tradeoff is the use of an electronic continuous variable transmission, which contributes to efficiency but can be slightly droning at higher speeds. The vehicle boasts a large cargo area of up to 1,977 l, with the rear seats down, and a spacious 1,059 with the rear seats up.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Practicality is a theme here and it continues in the cabin. As several automakers migrate to larger screens, haptic touch controls and futuristic designs, Toyota’s 2024 RAV4 hybrid remains as a balance of modern and traditional throughout.

When you first sit down in the driver’s seat, you’ll notice large dials and buttons for the temperature controls, easy-to-see-and-use steering wheel controls, an equally simple-to-read instrument cluster and an old-school gear lever. It almost feels old by current design.

Heated seats, five USB charging ports, wireless Apple CarPlay and Android Auto and dual-zone climate controls come standard. My tester was the XLE trim, second from the bottom of the range, and it provided the more-than-adequate standard seven-inch instrument cluster (there’s a 12.3-inch digital offering on higher trims) and the standard eight-inch infotainment screen. Higher trims feature a slightly larger 10.5-inch screen. All the screen sizes are more than enough for daily driving.

The climate controls are oh-so-easy-to-use with large dials, clearly labelled buttons and an easy-to-read screen. The only oddity is the heated steering wheel button, above your left knee.

The top “Limited” trim features ventilated seats, heated rear seats and a power passenger seat, while all but the base trim feature a large sunroof, power tailgate, a heated leather-wrapped steering wheel and push-button start. Toyota has packaged the RAV4 hybrid well, so there’s something for nearly every buyer in this segment.

If standard safety ranks high on your list, the RAV4 hybrid includes the following: right- and left-turn, oncoming pedestrian detection and braking; lane-tracing assist; left-turn, oncoming vehicle detection and braking; automatic high beams; lane-departure alert with steering assist; pre-collision system with pedestrian detection, cyclist detection and night time pedestrian detection; a blind-spot monitor and rear cross-traffic alert.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

The price ranges from $35,950 for the LE and caps out at $46,950 for the Limited. Add in freight, predelivery inspection and other fees, and, of course, provincial taxes, and the Toyota RAV4 hybrid is competitively priced.

Compact crossovers are popular and the new leader in the segment blends style, substance and sips fuel, which makes it a great choice for those looking for a hybrid.

2024 Toyota RAV4 Hybrid

Type: Five-door compact crossover; front-engine, all-wheel drive

Engine: 2.5-litre, four-cylinder; 219 horsepower

Fuel economy: 6.1 litres/100 km in the city; 6.8 l/100 km on the highway; 6.4 l/100 km combined.

Transmission: Electronic Continuous Variable

Cargo: 1,059 litres to 1,977 l, or 37.39 cubic feet to 69.81 cu. ft.

Towing: 794 kg, or 1,750 lbs.

Price: $35,950

Correction - March 12, 2024

The fact box accompanying this article was edited from a previous version to update the fuel economy figures for the vehicle. 

The previous version included these incorrect figures of  10.6 litres/100 km in the city; eight l/100 km on the highway; 9.4 l/100 km combined

Related Stories
Toyota RAV4 Hybrid owners allege integral part of car corrodes, many left with hefty bill
EV advice: A look at filling up hybrids
2021 Toyota RAV4 Hybrid Limited moves the styling needle
 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
FEDERAL POLITICS
Justin Trudeau promises to resign as prime minister and Liberal leader after leadership race
23 hrs ago
FEDERAL POLITICS
Pierre Poilievre and Jagmeet Singh say they’ll try to trigger an election as soon as possible
21 hrs ago
FEDERAL POLITICS
Who will choose Canada’s next Liberal leader? Party officials consider their options
5 hrs ago
CANADA
Trump repeats his call to annex Canada following Trudeau’s plan to resign. It’s a tougher task than he might imagine
1 hr ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Justin Ling: In one of his final acts, Justin Trudeau showed Canadians he’s become what he once fought against
47 mins ago
GTA
New York City has imposed a congestion charge on drivers entering Manhattan. Should Toronto follow suit?
2 hrs ago
PROVINCIAL POLITICS
Doug Ford boosts Ontario’s border security amid Donald Trump tariff threat
5 mins ago
REAL ESTATE
Slow December sees Toronto housing market end 2024 with a lower prices — especially for condos
7 hrs ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Life
HEALTH
Is shampoo a sham? As the ‘no poo’ movement gains steam, here’s how often — and whether — you should wash your hair
Article was updated 2 hrs ago
Comments
HOME AND GARDEN
Houseplants that don’t require soil and can be displayed any which way? Look to air plants
8 hrs ago
Comments
RELATIONSHIPS
OPINION
Lisi Tesher: I had a terrible time with my family over the holidays. I always feel like the odd man out. Should I tell them now that I’m not coming next year? Ask Lisi
Article was updated 1 hr ago
Comments
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Tuesday, Jan. 7, 2025
11 hrs ago
Comments
TRAVEL
Battle of the megaships? A European behemoth heads to the Caribbean
Article was updated 21 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
STAR EXCLUSIVE
Inside the biggest police takedown ever at Shoppers Drug Mart
FEDERAL POLITICS
Justin Trudeau expected to announce resignation as early as Monday
FEDERAL POLITICS
Justin Trudeau promises to resign as prime minister and Liberal leader after leadership race
FEDERAL POLITICS
5 things we learned from Jordan Peterson’s two-hour interview with Pierre Poilievre
FEDERAL POLITICS
Chrystia Freeland reaches out to Liberal MPs as speculation swirls about Justin Trudeau’s future
theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2025
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/life/autos/why-is-the-rav4-hybrid-top-of-its-class/article_dbd60904-c9c2-11ee-8206-ff4325eca456.html 
 ----- 
