Exclusive
Dambulla Land controversy: An attempt to defame legendary Kumar Sangakkara?
March 7, 2021 @ 5:06 PMby Rohit Pawar
Written by Rohit Pawar

The Dambulla land controversy involving legendary batsman Kumar Sangakkara is a malicious and concerted effort by few local government officials to defame the former Sri Lanka captain, in order to hide their wrongdoings, Cricket Age reliably learns.

Since Yesterday, several media reports in Sri Lanka have accused Sangakkara’s wife of fraudulently transferring a land that was handed over by the Government to a low income family.

However, when inquired, it learnt that Sangakkara and his wife Yeheli had written to Land Commissioner, urging him to investigate a land deed they had obtained, as they had received information that those lands were transferred to them in a fraudulent manner.

Cricket Age understands that even the land registration department acknowledged Sangakkara in exposing the scam. As he exposed the fraudulent act, it seems that the interested parties have started the campaign against the legendary batsman. The investigation is going on and already local Gramasevaka has been suspended.

“The story was first carried by a Sinhala news paper, written by a local correspondent of the said area, without any authenticity and facts check from the concerned parties” an insider, wary of the developments, told Cricket Age. 

Sangakkara has also rejected the media reports. Posting a brief statement in his Facebook page, he denied the allegations calling it malicious and false.

In addition, Commissioner General of Lands G.D. Keerthi Gamage has also said that the fraudulent land deal linked to Sangakkara was exposed after a complaint filed by him and wife and was submitted to him in January.

Kumar Sangakkara
India likely to send second-string side for Asia Cup 2021 amid tight schedule
 
Nice To Bounce Back In Final Game After Getting Exposed In 4th T20I, Says Kane Williamson
You may also like
Exclusive
2-tier Test cricket in the works, ICC chief Jay Shah...
Exclusive
Sri Lanka Cricket approves floodlights at SSC
Exclusive
Rohit Sharma ‘Opts Out’ Of Sydney Test...
Exclusive
Gautam Gambhir’s Position Unsafe: India Head...
Exclusive
“I’ve Had Enough”: Gambhir Lashes...
Exclusive
Jasprit Bumrah, Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli to miss...
About the author
Rohit Pawar

An Independent I.T. Security Expert, Geek, Blogger & Passionate Programmer.

View all posts
Categories
Articles
570
Emagazine
1
Exclusive
848
Inside Story
280
Interview
10
News
8,977
Off The Field
2,483
Opinion
2,158
Photos
56
Player Of The Match
1
Player Of The Month
2
Rankings
131
Retirement Life
1
Speak The Heart
4
Twitter Updates
449
Uncategorized
315
Videos
1
Ads.

Advertisement







Sponsors
Latest Posts
2-tier Test cricket in the works, ICC chief Jay Shah...
Sri Lanka Cricket approves floodlights at SSC
Rohit Sharma ‘Opts Out’ Of Sydney Test...
Gautam Gambhir’s Position Unsafe: India Head...
“I’ve Had Enough”: Gambhir Lashes...
Most Viewed
Sumathipala-Shammi Silva Associate Attempts 5.5...
Chandika Hathurusingha Charges a whopping 60,000 USD...
Chandika Hathurusingha short listed for West Indies...
SLC Finance Division Sealed Over Fraud
Angry With Coach Hathurasingha, Sri Lanka Selectors...
Hathurusingha Engages In Ugly Spat With Selector...
SLC Head Of Marketing Tenders Resignation, To Leave...
Sports Minister Asks SLC To Remove...
Three Sri Lanka U19 Players Found Drunk After Asia...
Angelo Mathews Ruled Out, Kaushal Silva-Milinda...
Latest Interviews
Interim Committee is not an option to run Cricket in Sri...
Charlie Austin a curse for Sri Lanka Cricket, need to be...
We’re Social
facebook
twitter
google-play
Subscribe Us
Subscribe to notifications

Copyright © 2020. Powered by Mr.HiTech.

About
Contact
Privacy Policy
DMCA
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricketage.in/2021/03/07/dambulla-land-controversy-an-attempt-to-defame-legendary-kumar-sangakkara/ 
 ----- 
