The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
COLLEGE SPORTS SPORTS CUBS
Illinois coach Bret Bielema talked big coming into the season. Now he’s got big work to do.
Bielema “didn’t come here to go 8-5” again. But with the Illini off to an unimpressive 1-1 start, we have to ask: Is 8-5 even attainable?
By  Steve Greenberg   Sept 10, 2023, 3:33pm UTC

Bret Bielema has some coaching up to do before Penn State arrives in Champaign.

Photo by John Fisher/Getty Images

SHARE
COPY LINK

Illinois stumbled, bumbled and lost 23-20 at Indiana in Game 2 of last season. It’s not like it was surprising at the time; it was the Illini doing Illini things, an old story.

But then everything changed. Six wonderful Saturdays later, the Illini were 7-1, their defense was leading the nation in too many statistical categories to keep track of, running back Chase Brown was in the Heisman Trophy conversation and — anyone paying attention felt it — something real and potentially lasting was being built by second-year coach Bret Bielema.

So one would think Illinois is capable of getting its act together after surviving Toledo 30-28 in Week 1 and pretty much failing to show up Friday in a 34-23 loss at Kansas.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN COLLEGE SPORTS
Northwestern's Izzy Scane — lacrosse's Caitlin Clark? — has a scoring record to break this week
Bears help Pac-12 go out with a bang in NFL Draft
Northwestern protests, encampments bring back dizzying memories
College basketball transfer portal chock full of area players
Northwestern hazing scandal lawsuits are consolidated
Heisman Trust returns trophy to USC's Reggie Bush
LATEST STORIES
Blackhawks' loss to Oilers puts them off-track in new segment-based approach
José 'Cha Cha' Jiménez, human rights activist and former chair of Young Lords organization, dead at 76
Andrew Pohlman's toughness sets the tone in Oswego East's win against crosstown rival Oswego
At least 1 person dead after Metra train strikes vehicle in Norwood Park
Man fatally shot during domestic argument in South Chicago
THE LATEST
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Sunday, January 12, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 12, 2025, 6:01am UTC
ENTERTAINMENT AND CULTURE
SOL Collective performers share power of music through personal stories
Storytelling group SOL Collective amplifies the voices and experiences of women of color. Its latest event, “Last Night a DJ Saved My Life,” took place Saturday at the Promontory in Hyde Park.
By Erica Thompson  Jan 12, 2025, 1:09am UTC
COLLEGE SPORTS
Local college hoops roundup: No. 13 Illinois falls to USC at home
The upset snapped the Illini’s five-game winning streak. Elsewhere, Loyola and DePaul lost big, and UIC lost to Bradley in the final seconds.
By AP  Jan 11, 2025, 11:23pm UTC
CHICAGO
City tree recycling program opens, some sites offering free mulch
Chicago residents can drop off their live or natural trees at one of the city’s 27 locations starting Saturday until Jan. 25. All ornaments, lights or other decorations, as well as tree stands or plastic bags for transport must be removed before the tree is dropped off.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 11, 2025, 10:21pm UTC
HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL
'I haven't coached anyone like her': Aubrey Galvan leads Loyola past Montini
“It’s so special to be on the court with a player like Aubrey,” said senior forward Grace Bronski, who had seven points and six rebounds. “I always tell her to snap before she throws me the ball because I never know what’s coming.
By Kyle Williams  Jan 11, 2025, 10:05pm UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/2023/9/10/23866659/illinois-bret-bielema-talked-big-coming-into-the-season-now-hes-got-big-work-to-do 
 ----- 
