Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Grace, Dunston officially inducted into Cubs Hall of Fame
Share
Grace, Dunston officially inducted into Cubs Hall of Fame
September 10th, 2023

Jordan Bastian

@MLBastian
Share

0:01

5:16

CHICAGO -- When Mark Grace first got around the Cubs’ big league squad, it took him some time to get to know shortstop Shawon Dunston. Dunston is soft-spoken and private by nature, so building a rapport was going to require patience.

Grace found a shortcut.

“I got to know him really well once I picked a few of his throws out of the dirt,” Grace said with a laugh. “Then he was like, ‘Hey, buddy.’”

Grace and Dunston were sitting side by side on Sunday morning in the Cubs’ dugout at Wrigley Field. For much of the 1990s, they teamed with Hall of Fame second baseman Ryne Sandberg to form one of the more memorable infield trios in franchise history. All three are now in the Cubs’ team Hall of Fame.

The Cubs have spent this weekend honoring both Grace and Dunston as the newest members of the team’s Hall. Prior to Sunday’s game, they had plaques unveiled in the concourse behind the left-field bleachers. Sandberg was present, along with fellow Cubs inductees Fergie Jenkins, Billy Williams, Lee Smith, Andre Dawson, Randy Hundley and broadcaster Pat Hughes.

In good company. Mark Grace and Shawon Dunston celebrate their induction with fellow Cubs Hall of Famers. (photo via Cubs)

“It means everything to me, because this is my buddy, Mark Grace,” Dunston said. “We basically came up together. I came up first, and then he came. He just led the way. And I tell everybody, 'I live good and I got my house paid off because of Grace.'”

Grace won four Gold Glove Awards and made three All-Star teams in 13 seasons with the Cubs, starting at first base for 12 of them in Chicago and ending the decade of the ‘90s as the MLB leader in both hits (1,754) and doubles (364). Dunston made two All-Star teams for the Cubs and had more Opening Day nods at short (11) than any North Sider this side of the year 1900. They were both a part of the 1989 club that reached the National League Championship Series.

Related
Cubs to sign RHP Rea to bolster pitching depth (source)

January 11th, 2025

Cubs add reliever Festa in trade with Rangers

January 9th, 2025

North Pole delivered gift of Grace to Cubs

September 11th, 2023

Teammates Dunston, Grace reach Cubs HOF together

January 14th, 2023

Here are Cubs' best homegrown Draft picks

February 15th, 2021

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

The Cubs selected Dunston and his 80-grade arm with the No. 1 overall pick in the MLB Draft out of Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn, N.Y., in 1982. There were no televised Draft shows back then, but being from New York gave Dunston a unique experience. His family was brought into the Commissioner’s Offices in Manhattan to hear his name called in person.

Even that experience -- one that included a small group of local reporters, not a large press conference -- was overwhelming for Dunston.

Shawon Dunston and Mark Grace officially take their place in the Cubs Hall of Fame. (photo via Cubs)

“It was very uncomfortable,” Dunston said. “They're taking pictures. I said, ‘All I did was get drafted.’ … I wouldn't want to be the No. 1 pick today. I'm just being honest. It's just too much. I'm very private.”

Grace listened to Dunston, waiting for the right moment to toss in some humor.

“I didn't have that problem. I was drafted in the 24th round,” Grace interjected. “I didn't go to the Commissioner's Office. I had to go to Alaska.”

Shawon Dunston and Mark Grace admire their Cubs Hall of Fame plaques. (photo via Cubs)
Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Indeed, the Cubs picked Grace out of San Diego State in the 24th round of the 1985 Draft, in which Chicago took three first basemen ahead of him in the first (Rafael Palmeiro), seventh (Joseph Murphy) and 19th (Mack McMorris) rounds. Before signing with the Cubs, Grace had a stint with the North Pole Nicks in an Alaska summer league.

Both roads led to the Cubs’ Hall of Fame.

Shawon Dunston and Mark Grace's plaques officially take their place in the Cubs Hall of Fame. (photo via Cubs)

The careers of Dunston and Grace on the North Side overlapped for nine seasons (1988-95 and ‘97). Gary Nickels, who helped scout and sign both players during his days in the Cubs’ scouting ranks, joked that Chicago needed Grace because few first basemen could handle the ferocity of Dunston’s throws.

“We used to laugh, because he would wear out the heel of Grace's hand with those sinkers,” Nickels said. “Grace was such a good first baseman, that he was able to handle everything.”

Dunston broke into the Majors in 1985 and was grateful when Grace arrived three seasons later.

“I had a great first baseman in Leon Durham, now here comes Grace,” Dunston said. “I’d throw it to first and I'd throw it in the dirt and he picked it. And I was like, ‘Whoa.’ And still to this day, he thinks I did it on purpose.”

“Yes, you did!” Grace chimed in.

“I did not,” Dunston continued. “I had 14 errors. Who wants another error? But when he did catch it, I said, ‘I think we have something here.’”

It was the start of a long partnership and friendship for the pair of fan favorites.

“I was fortunate enough to be a Cub, to be a favorite amongst the fans,” Grace said. “And so was Shawon, because we gave them an effort for over a decade. We gave them the best we could for 162 for over a decade. And we love them as much as they loved us.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Chicago Cubs
Mark Grace
Shawon Dunston

Senior Reporter Jordan Bastian covers the Cubs for MLB.com. He previously covered Cleveland from 2011-18 and Toronto from 2005-10. Subscribe to his Cubs Beat newsletter.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/cubs-induct-mark-grace-shawon-dunston-into-team-hall-of-fame 
 ----- 
