Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Every no-hit bid broken up in extra innings
Share
Every no-hit bid broken up in extra innings
September 11th, 2023

Sarah Langs

@SlangsOnSports

Shanthi Sepe-Chepuru

@ssc627

Manny Randhawa

@MannyOnMLB
Share

0:04

0:26

On Sunday, we were reminded that history is fragile. The Brewers, behind eight no-hit innings from starter Corbin Burnes and one each from relievers Devin Williams and Abner Uribe, were on the verge of making history when the combined no-hit bid was broken up by the Yankees’ Oswaldo Cabrera in the 11th inning at Yankee Stadium. Cabrera doubled off Joel Payamps in what became a 4-3, 13-inning loss for Milwaukee.

It marked the 15th time in AL/NL history a no-hit bid was broken up in extra innings. Thanks to the Elias Sports Bureau, here’s a look at each of them, along with the inning the bid was lost and whether that team won the game.

Sept. 10, 2023 -- Corbin Burnes (8 IP), Devin Williams (1), Abner Uribe (1), Joel Payamps (1/3) (MIL) at NYY: 11th inning, lost
Burnes was well on his way to becoming the starting pitcher in two of the Brewers’ three no-hitters, but Gerrit Cole matched zeroes on the scoreboard with him for seven innings, and the pitching duel continued well beyond the point both starters left. The Yankees remained hitless into extras, and adding to the drama, the bid and indeed the game, was saved by an incredible 10th-inning catch by Brewers outfielder Sal Frelick. Milwaukee finally scored its first run of the game in the 11th, but New York also broke through a half-inning later, the no-hitter ending on Oswaldo Cabrera's RBI double with one out in the bottom of the 11th. The game would drag on for another two innings before the Yankees ultimately walked off in the 13th, handing the Brewers one of the toughest losses in recent memory.

Aug. 23, 2017 -- Rich Hill (LAD) at PIT: 10th inning, lost
On this particular night in Pittsburgh, Hill was set up perfectly for a 10-inning no-hitter. Through nine, his pitch count sat at 95, and he’d faced just one over the minimum, with his only baserunner as a result of an error. But that nearly perfect night came to an abrupt end in the 10th, when Josh Harrison, leading off for the Pirates, hit a walk-off home run, putting any dreams of a no-hitter -- or, for that matter, any kind of victory -- to bed. Hill finished his outing having thrown 99 pitches, taking with him 10 strikeouts and a loss.

Related
Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

January 11th, 2025

June 3, 1995 -- Pedro Martinez (MON) at SD: 10th inning, won
In a prelude to the Hall of Fame career to come, Martinez was absolutely dominant against the Padres at Jack Murphy Stadium on this night, throwing nine perfect innings with nine strikeouts in a scoreless game. The Expos pushed a run across in the top of the 10th, but leading off the home half of the frame, Bip Roberts lined a double down the right-field line to deny Martinez the 15th perfect game in MLB history. Mel Rojas came in from the bullpen and locked down the save to secure the victory for Montreal.

July 26, 1991 -- Mark Gardner (MON) at LAD: 10th inning, lost
Gardner held the Dodgers hitless through nine innings in Los Angeles, with a pair of walks the only blemishes on his pitching line to that point. The trouble was, his counterpart, Orel Hershiser, tossed six brilliant innings of his own over which he yielded just one hit and walked one. He gave way to reliever Kevin Gross, who put up three more zeroes from there. In the bottom of the 10th, Lenny Harris reached on an infield single to break up Gardner’s no-hit bid, and that was followed by an Eddie Murray single that chased the right-hander from the game. Montreal summoned Jeff Fassero from the bullpen to face Darryl Strawberry, who delivered a walk-off single for Los Angeles.

June 14, 1965 -- Jim Maloney (CIN) vs. NYM: 11th inning, lost
A notorious flamethrower ahead of his time, Maloney ended his career with two no-hitters, but this would not be one of them. Maloney cruised through 10 innings, a second-inning walk his only blemish, but he gave up two hits in the 11th, the first of which was a leadoff home run by Mets right fielder Johnny Lewis. Maloney, despite his 10 no-hit innings and 18 strikeouts, would take the loss that day, but he did achieve closure. Two months later, on Aug. 19, he threw a 10-inning no-hitter against the Cubs, an outing in which he walked 10 and struck out 12.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

May 26, 1959 -- Harvey Haddix (PIT) at MIL: 13th inning, lost
They called him “Hard-Luck Harvey,” and for good reason. Facing a powerful Brewers lineup that featured Hank Aaron and Eddie Mathews, Haddix set Milwaukee batters down in order for 12 innings -- 36 up, 36 down. No one else in AL/NL history has thrown that many perfect innings in a game, yet Haddix was charged with a loss. Milwaukee’s leadoff hitter in the 13th, Felix Mantilla, reached on an error, breaking up the perfect-game bid. He moved to second on a sacrifice bunt, and after Haddix intentionally walked Aaron, Joe Adcock delivered a game-winning double. Despite the terrible luck in this game, Haddix was awarded with the win in a rather important game later in his career: Game 7 of the 1960 World Series.

May 26, 1956 -- Johnny Klippstein, Hersh Freeman, Joe Black (CIN) at MIL: 11th inning, lost
The Milwaukee Braves in the 1950s had a knack for breaking up no-hitters in extra innings. This one came exactly three years before they got Haddix. This game was far from perfect into extra innings, however -- Cincinnati’s starter, Klippstein, walked seven and hit a batter over seven innings. In the second, he opened the frame by hitting Hank Aaron, and then issuing back-to-back walks to Bobby Thomson and Bill Bruton. Aaron scored on a Frank Torre sacrifice fly, and then Klippstein struck out the next two batters. Freeman pitched the eighth and Black took over in the ninth for Cincinnati. Black threw a pair of scoreless innings, preserving a 1-1 tie. But in the 11th, Aaron tripled with one out before Black walked the next two intentionally to load the bases. Torre then came through again, this time with a walk-off single.

Sept. 18, 1934 -- Bobo Newsom (St. Louis Browns) vs. BOS: 10th inning, lost
This was another game in which a pitcher took a no-hitter into extra innings despite battling his control. Newsom walked five (one intentionally) and struck out eight through nine no-hit innings against the Red Sox at Sportsman's Park III. He gave up an unearned run in the second inning. But Boston’s Rube Walberg -- coming on in relief of starter Wes Ferrell, who only pitched one inning -- yielded only one run himself through the ninth. In the top of the 10th, Newsom issued back-to-back walks with one out, and after getting the second out, he surrendered a go-ahead single to Roy Johnson. That was the only hit Boston would muster in the contest, but it proved to be the game-winner. St. Louis had 10 hits, but lost, 2-1.

May 2, 1917 --  Hippo Vaughn (CHC) vs. CIN: 10th inning, lost
If it isn’t enough to lose a no-hitter in extra innings, how about losing a no-no in extra innings while your own team gets no-hit in a loss? That’s what happened to Vaughn and his Cubs against the Reds at Chicago’s Weeghman Park on this day. The left-hander blanked Cincinnati and allowed only two baserunners -- both on walks -- through nine innings. But his counterpart, Fred Toney, had also only yielded a pair of walks through nine. In the 10th, Larry Kopf singled off Vaughn with one out to break up the no-hit bid. One out later, Hal Chase reached on an error, moving Kopf to third. Chase stole second, and then Jim Thorpe singled in the go-ahead run before Chase was thrown out at home. Toney retired Chicago in order in the bottom of the 10th to complete his no-hitter.

May 14, 1914 -- Jim Scott (CWS) at Washington Senators: 10th inning, lost
Two walks were the only blemishes on Scott’s record for this game as he entered the 10th inning at Washington’s Griffith Stadium. But that’s when the Senators finally broke through thanks to a leadoff single by Chick Gandil, who scored on a triple by the next batter, Howie Shanks. Notably, Gandil would later become a member of the White Sox himself, and he was banned from organized baseball along with several teammates from the 1919 club after that year’s World Series in what became known as the Black Sox Scandal. And Hal Chase, who would be involved in the next game in which a no-hitter was broken up in extra innings, was on the wrong end of the score this time.

Aug. 30, 1910 (Game 2 of doubleheader) -- Tom Hughes (New York Highlanders) vs. Cleveland Naps: 10th inning, lost in 11th
This game was scoreless into the 10th, and that’s when Hughes gave up his first hit of the contest. But it was in the 11th that things went off the rails for the right-hander and the Highlanders, with Cleveland scoring five times after being shut out to that point. Overall, Hughes gave up seven hits, walked one and struck out seven. Cleveland’s starter, George Kahler, went all 11 as well, blanking New York on three hits while walking two and striking out six.

April 15, 1909 -- Red Ames (New York Giants) vs. Brooklyn Superbas: 10th inning, lost in 13th
Red Ames and Brooklyn’s Kaiser Wilhelm matched zeroes for 12 innings, with Ames not yielding a hit until the 10th. But something had to give, and in the 13th, the Superbas struck for three runs and handed Ames and the Giants a tough-luck loss.

Aug. 1, 1906 -- Harry McIntire (Brooklyn Superbas) vs. PIT: 11th inning, lost in 13th
McIntire walked one and struck out eight, but after losing his no-hit bid in the 11th inning against the Pirates, Pittsburgh scored the game’s lone run thanks to a 13th-inning RBI single by first baseman Joe Nealon. Overall, McIntire surrendered four hits and took the hard-luck defeat as his counterpart, Lefty Leifield, picked up the win with 13 scoreless innings -- he scattered nine hits while walking two and striking out five.

June 11, 1904 -- Bob Wicker (CHC) at New York Giants: 10th inning, won in 12th
Until Pedro Martinez’s win for the Expos against the Padres 91 years later, this was the only game in AL/NL history in which a no-hitter was broken up in extra innings and the pitcher whose bid was broken up ended up winning the game. Johnny Evers, of Tinker-to-Evers-to-Chance fame, got the big hit for Wicker in the 12th inning to put the Cubs ahead in an eventual 1-0 victory. Wicker went the distance, giving up two hits -- the first of which came in the 10th -- walking one and striking out 10 in the win.

May 9, 1901 -- Earl Moore (Cleveland Blues) vs. CWS: 10th inning, lost
This was a strange one, with the White Sox scoring twice against Moore without a hit through the first nine innings. The game was tied, 2-2, heading into the 10th, when Moore lost the no-hit bid and ultimately the game. Only one of the four runs scored against the right-hander was earned.

Did you like this story?

Sarah Langs is a reporter/editor for MLB.com based in New York. Listen to her on the Ballpark Dimensions podcast with Mandy Bell.

Shanthi Sepe-Chepuru is a reporter for MLB.com.

Manny Randhawa is a reporter for MLB.com based in Denver.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/no-hit-bids-broken-up-in-extra-innings 
 ----- 
