Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Adjustments starting to pay dividends for Stowers: 'Now he's settled in'
Share
Adjustments starting to pay dividends for Stowers: 'Now he's settled in'
August 30th, 2024

Christina De Nicola

@cdenicola13
Share

0:00

0:26

DENVER -- As the first of Miami’s Trade Deadline acquisitions to join the big league club, outfielder Kyle Stowers wanted to make a good first impression.

After a rough three weeks in a new setting, Stowers appears to have found his footing. He drove in a game-high four on three RBI knocks and Derek Hill homered twice, as the Marlins outlasted the Rockies, 12-8, in Thursday afternoon’s slugfest at Coors Field.

Seven Marlins notched a multihit performance in the finale to split the four-game series. Miami matched a season high with 12 runs and set a season high with 18 hits.

“I guess it's a sense of steadiness to take some time to get acclimated,” Stowers said. “Now that being said, the expectation from Day 1 was to perform for myself. So I don't want to act like that's an excuse, but I'm feeling settled now.”

Hill got the scoring started by rocketing an elevated four-seamer from right-hander Bradley Blalock over the center-field wall. This is the second time Hill, whom the Marlins claimed off waivers from the Giants on Aug. 3, has gone deep in back-to-back games this season. He also did so for the Rangers June 29-30.

In the third, Stowers lined a two-out RBI single, ambushing a first-pitch four-seamer and sending it to center. He then delivered a two-run double in a five-run fourth.

Hill struck again in the sixth, jumping a first-pitch, middle-middle cutter from righty Noah Davis for a two-run homer. Stowers capped the game’s scoring with a two-out RBI single in the ninth.

“It was amazing,” Hill said. “I could kind of tell early in the day, when we got here and got into the cage and whatnot, that everybody was just kind of dialed in and ready to go out there and compete. And whenever we go out there and compete and stick to our game plan, we do some fun things.”

Related
Miami comes to terms with all 5 of its arb-eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Edwards 'so fortunate' to share game he loves with youth

January 9th, 2025

Marlins lose Garrett for 2025 after left elbow surgery

January 9th, 2025

'Super grateful': Stanford alum Stowers delivers for Marlins in front of family

September 2nd, 2024

Together again, Stowers and Norby spurring each other to be better

August 20th, 2024

Stowers debuts after deal, whirlwind 24 hours

August 1st, 2024

Prior to a three-hit performance on Aug. 19 against the D-backs, Stowers had opened his Marlins career 5-for-52 (.096) with no extra-base hits, no RBIs, three walks and 23 strikeouts.

His .096 average ranked as the third-lowest by a Marlin through his first 16 games, excluding pitchers (min. one at-bat in each game).

“It's a challenge any time when you're a hitter and you're not getting hits,” Stowers said. “It's hard. But that being said, I try to pride myself in those moments when things aren't going well that I'm the same guy and same work ethic. It's a cheesy saying but, ‘When the going gets tough, the tough get going.’ Sometimes putting your back against the wall, the only way to go is forward.”

The 26-year-old Stowers, who joined the Marlins from the Orioles’ Triple-A affiliate and with 168 MLB plate appearances on his resume, worked on breaking bad habits. The Marlins’ hitting staff focused on minor mechanical adjustments like holding on to his backside and staying above and on the ball more.

The tide started to turn in Stowers’ last two at-bats against the Cubs last Sunday. After a hard groundout to the second baseman, he drove a double to right field.

It also helped when some hits began to fall. Or when family members, like his mom, Sheri, were able to see him play in a Marlins uniform for the first time this week. Stowers, a California native who attended Stanford, expects more family to be in San Francisco this weekend when Miami faces the Giants.

During his modest five-game hit streak, Stowers is 9-for-20 (.450) with two doubles, one triple, one homer, six RBIs, one walk and seven strikeouts. The Statcast metrics also show a difference.

Through his first 16 games:
87.9 mph exit velocity
10.9-degree launch angle
41.4% hard-hit rate

Since Aug. 25:
97.9 mph exit velocity
7.9-degree launch angle
61.5% hard-hit rate

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“He's swinging at strikes,” manager Skip Schumaker said. “When he swings at strikes, he hits the ball really hard the other way, up the middle. He's got pull-side power when he wants it. He's a good overall hitter. It's just when he's in the strike zone. I could say that about 100 different guys in the Major Leagues. Still a young guy in this league, still trying to figure out the league as well. The league adjusted. He adjusted. So that means that he's a really good athlete, because he adjusted to the league.

“It's going to be one of those chess matches every single day. That's how you survive in this league. I'm really proud of him, of how he's adjusted. But you're right. New manager, new coaching staff, new hitting staff, new team, meeting new people every single day. I think that definitely changes things. Now he's settled in, and I think this is more the version you're going to see than the first couple weeks’ version.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Miami Marlins
Kyle Stowers

Christina De Nicola covers the Marlins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/kyle-stowers-derek-hill-lead-marlins-in-win-vs-rockies 
 ----- 
