skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Tuesday, Jan 07, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Human Metapneumovirus
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsExplainedExplained: What is The Hundred, the fourth cricket format?
Premium
Explained: What is The Hundred, the fourth cricket format?
As the name suggests, The Hundred will feature 100 balls per innings, 20 less than a traditional T20 game, with a duration of two and a half hours.
Written by Vishal Menon , Edited by Explained Desk
New Delhi | July 20, 2021 18:24 IST
6 min read
The six-ball overs are done away with in this competition, and replaced by a set of five deliveries known as ‘fives’ | Representational image/England Cricket

English cricket makes an audacious dive into the unknown with the launch of The Hundred — a unique 100 balls per side format, touted as the game’s fourth version — on Wednesday. Cricket already has three formats at international level — five-day Tests, 50-over duels, and T20s.  Even though T20s have been conceptualised in England, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) believes a slimmer version is needed to attract a younger and more ethnically diverse audience to the game. “The idea behind The Hundred is to bring mums and kids during the summer holidays,” Andrew Strauss, former director of England cricket had said.

The ECB had plans of kick-starting this competition last year before the pandemic derailed their plans. The Hundred will consist of eight franchises, featuring men’s and women’s teams, beginning on July 21 with the women’s match between Oval Invincibles and Manchester Originals at The Oval.

Don't miss | Explained: What happens if an athlete tests Covid-19 positive at the Tokyo Olympics?
How is The Hundred different from a T20 game?

As the name suggests, The Hundred will feature 100 balls per innings, 20 less than a traditional T20 game, with a duration of two and a half hours. The six-ball overs are done away with in this competition, and replaced by a set of five deliveries known as ‘fives’. The umpire will hold a white card to signal the end of the first set of fives. It’s the fielding captain’s discretion whether to allow a particular bowler to bowl 10 balls (two consecutive fives) from one end or one ‘five’. There’s a two-minute timeout that a fielding side can take after the first 25 balls, though it’s not mandatory. The term ‘batsman’ does not exist in The Hundred. It’s replaced by a gender-neutral term called batter.

A few other changes are as follows:

ADVERTISEMENT

* A bowler can bowl up to four ‘fives’.
* The first 25 balls in each innings will be a Powerplay, where only two fielders are allowed to be stationed outside the inner ring.
* In The Hundred, no-balls are worth two runs, followed by a free-hit.
* A fielding captain can station a maximum of up to five fielders on the leg-side.
* If a fielding team doesn’t finish its quota within the allotted time, they will have to bring an extra fielder inside the ring till the time they end the innings.
* Unlike in a T20 game, the non-striker does not take strike even if he has crossed during a dismissal.
* An amended Duckwoth-Lewis-Stern method, which will look at the number of balls and not overs during rain-hit games.
* In case of a tie in the group stage, both teams will earn one point each.
* If it’s a tie in the knockout stage,  a ‘Super Five’ tie-breaker will be used. If the second Super Five is also tied, the team that finished higher on the ladder during the group stage will progress.

Why does English cricket need this format?

Simpler and shorter when compared with the T20, The Hundred is aimed at making the game more accessible to a wider audience, especially mothers and kids. The popularity of the Indian Premier League has prompted the ECB to create its own prototype, one that’s unique and stood out from the rest. In an interview with Sky Sports, Tom Harrison, while terming The Hundred as “a profit centre”, reckoned the cricket board would stand to earn upto £11m as profits by staging the Hundred this year — inclusive of broadcasting rights, sponsorship deals, tickets sale and merchandising. Harrison argued this would help ECB tide over most of the losses incurred during the last 18 months due to the pandemic.

If that’s the case, why are people opposed to The Hundred?

The Hundred is termed gimmicky and unwelcome addition to an already congested calendar.  The ECB has also received considerable flak for downplaying the intelligence of their target audience —“mums and kids” — by suggesting that conventional cricket was too complicated a sport for them to understand.

Critics have also labelled it an “attempt to reduce the number of counties by stealth.”  The home-grown 50-over domestic tournament, which was a showpiece event in the English summer, has now lost its sheen, with the final being played on Thursday, and not on a weekend. In essence, this will see an exodus of players to The Hundred, with counties like Surrey losing a dozen players. Resultantly, many feel the level of competition in domestic cricket will reduce considerably. In a similar vein, the T20 Vitality Blast is now being squeezed into a smaller window. Even the first-class fixtures’ itinerary have been scuttled around — played between April and May and the second half during September — thereby giving The Hundred a much bigger stage.

ADVERTISEMENT
Coronavirus Explained
Why China is building the world's largest dam on the Tsangpo, how India may be impacted
School enrolment down by 1 crore from 2018-19 level: the report, reasons given
Why blue is associated with Ambedkar, Dalit resistance
CLICK HERE FOR MORE
Are Indians participating in this competition?

There are no Indians from the men’s team in The Hundred’s draft because the Board of Control for Cricket in India does not allow them to participate in overseas franchise events.  However, five women cricketers will be participating in this competition. They include Shafali Verma, Harmanpreet Kaur, Jemimah Rodrigues, Smriti Mandhana, and Deepti Sharma.

Also in Explained | Why swimming caps designed for black athletes are banned at Tokyo Olympics
Have international players withdrawn due to the pandemic?

Yes, there has been a spate of withdrawals by international players due to the pandemic, bio-bubble fatigue, and travel restrictions. It’s not the start ECB had hoped for. Australia’s David Warner and Glenn Maxwell, New Zealand’s Kane Williamson, South Africa’s Kagiso Rabada, and Pakistan’s Shaheen Shah Afridi are some of the big names to have pulled out from the men’s event, while Australia’s Meg Lanning, Ellyse Perry, and Alyssa Healy will not be available in the women’s competition.

What does the future hold for cricket’s diet version?

Without the presence of major international players, it remains to be seen whether people will come in hordes to the stadiums or plant themselves in front of their television sets to watch The Hundred. Despite the surfeit of T20 leagues mushrooming across the globe, it’s too early to predict whether ECB’s dream 100-ball project will bring about the next big revolution in cricket.

More Premium Stories

The Sindhi connect: How a criminal case brought together a

Conqueror of Ladakh & invader of Tibet: General Zorawar Singh

Can these 25 doctor tips prevent chronic illnesses in 2025?

Express Opinion: A 2025 wishlist for farms and farmers

‘Badge engineering’: Different cars, same look

'Both father and mother have to raise their boy together':

Textile clusters receiving higher enquiries amid Bangladesh crisis; order conversion

Parama A Journey With Aparna Sen review

Rajdeep Sardesai on the miscalculations of the 2024 Lok Sabha

Rohin Bhatt offers an account of the fight for queer

© The Indian Express Pvt Ltd
TAGS:
Cricket News
Explained Sports
Express Explained
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Mumbai News
Delhi Election
HMPV Virus Cases In India
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
Teen Prodigy Anahat Singh Clinches U17 British Open Squash Title
Microsoft Plans To Invest $3 Billion On AI, Cloud Infrastructure In India
Will Ensure Strict Implementation Of Compulsory Marathi In All Schools: Dada Bhuse
Pune Army Day Parade Line-Up: Women Agniveer Contingent, NCC Girl Cadets To March For The First Time
Baba Siddique Killing: ‘Disagree With The Police Ruling Out Involvement Of Builder Body, SRA Angle’ Says Zeeshan
Torres Ponzi Scheme Fraud: Uzbek National, Russian OCI Among 3 Arrested, LOCs Against Mastermind Ukranians
Two Suspected HMPV Cases In Nagpur, One In Mumbai
Family Members Of Murdered Beed Sarpanch Meet CM, Demand Justice
Hockey India League: Bottom-Placed Kalinga Lancers Stun High-Flying Bengal Tigers 6-0
Tibet Earthquake: India Condoles Deaths With No Reference To China
Five Healthy Diet Staples That May Interact With Prescription Drugs
GST Can’t Be Levied On Leasehold Rights Of GIDC Plots Transferred To Third Party, Says Gujarat HC
Forecasters Warn Of ‘Life-Threatening, Destructive’ Winds And High Fire Risk For Southern California
India’s Cricket Stars Skip Domestic Grind: Virat Kohli Last Played Domestic Red-Ball Cricket In 2012, Rohit Sharma In 2016
Data Protection Rules May Be Refined Further To Protect Children: Vaishnaw
Amit Shah Asks Yogi Adityanath To Fully Implement New Criminal Laws In UP Soon
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/explained/explained-the-hundred-crickets-fourth-format-england-7413915/ 
 ----- 
