Blog
Todays Match Prediction
SRI LANKA VS. INDIA: IND’S TOUR O ..
SRI LANKA VS. INDIA: IND’S TOUR OF SL 2021, 2nd ODI | MATCH PREDICTION AND FANTASY CRICKET TIPS

By Inderjeet Das
Updated On: Jul 19, 2021 19:53 IST |  7 minutes read
1456
Table of Contents

Hosts Sri Lanka take on India in the second ODI of the 3-match series at the R. Premadasa Stadium in Colombo on Tuesday afternoon. It is part of the ICC ODI Super League.

Sri Lanka will be pleased with the batting gains in the first ODI, but it was not enough to stop a rampaging Indian batting. The bowlers were wayward as the target of 262 was chased down inside 37 overs by the visitors. The main worry point will be that none of the batters stay on the crease for a long time and lay the foundations for a big total. The likes of Avishka, Dhananjaya and Shanaka need to score big if they want to challenge India in this series.

If there were any doubts about how strong this Indian team was, their capabilities were there to see for everyone in the first ODI. Despite the absence of many regular players, it was a statement of intent from the young stars. Captain Shikhar Dhawan led his team admirably, with Prithvi Shaw and Ishan Kishan playing some fearless cricket. It was a good all-round performance from the bowling attack, with Deepak Chahar and the spin duo of Chahal and Kuldeep taking 2 wickets each.

India will look to continue with the momentum from the first game, while Sri Lanka will want to compete better in their home conditions. All in all, it will be another exciting game at the Premadasa Stadium on Tuesday.

Match Details

Match: Sri Lanka vs. India, 2nd ODI
Venue: R. Premadasa Stadium, Colombo
Date & Time: Jul. 20, 2021, at 3 PM IST/Local

Probable Playing XI

Sri Lanka

Avishka Fernando, Minod Bhanuka (WK), Dhananjaya de Silva, Charith Asalanka, Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Dasun Shanaka (C), Wanindu Hasaranga, Isuru Udana, Chamika Karunaratne, Lakshan Sandakan, Dushmantha Chameera

India

Prithvi Shaw, Shikhar Dhawan (C), Suryakumar Yadav, Ishan Kishan (WK), Manish Pandey, Hardik Pandya, Krunal Pandya, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Deepak Chahar, Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav 

Weather and Pitch Report

Colombo is expected to have cloudy weather with no rain interruptions during the match. The temperature will be around 30 degrees during the game.

Premadasa has generally been a good batting wicket, with a possibility of a high-scoring game. Batters are likely to dominate, despite some early help on offer for the bowlers from the surface. The pitch will slow down as the match progresses, bringing the spinners into play in the second innings. The average first-innings score at this venue in the last five ODI matches played has been 268 runs. 

With dew possibly playing a part in the second innings, expect either captain to opt to chase upon winning the toss. A score of around 290 runs should be a competitive one here.

Top Fantasy Picks

Sri Lanka

Dasun Shanaka played the Indian bowlers well in the first ODI and scored a decent 39 runs from 50 balls, including 2 fours and 1 six. Coming in the middle order, he was aggressive and rotated the strike with ease. He will look to make good use of his form.
Dhananjaya de Silva looks fluent and very composed at the crease when he is in full flow. He scored 14 runs before getting dismissed and also picked up the wickets of Shaw and Manish Pandey. Expect him to put up a big score with the bat here.
Dushmantha Chameera failed to take any wicket in the first ODI. He has been the best bowler for Sri Lanka in the recent matches, picking up 11 wickets in five matches with best figures of 5 for 16. Expect him to trouble the young Indian batters here.

India

Shikhar Dhawan successfully anchored the Indian chase, ending up with the top score of the match. He made 86 runs from 95 balls, including 6 boundaries and 1 six. His presence at the crease let the likes of Shaw and Kishan play their natural shots.
Ishan Kishan marked his ODI debut in the same way as his T20I debut. He started in grand style by hitting a first-ball six and continued being aggressive throughout his innings. He scored 59 runs off 42 balls, including 8 boundaries and 2 sixes. 
Kuldeep Yadav will be relieved with the way he performed in the first ODI. Although he did not complete his full quota of overs, he picked up the important wickets of Minod Bhanuka and Bhanuka Rajapaksa at crucial moments in the innings.

Howzat Dream Team

Wicketkeeper: I Kishan
Batsmen: D Shanaka, S Dhawan, S Yadav
All-rounders: D de Silva, W Hasaranga, K Pandya
Bowlers: B Kumar, D Chahar, K Yadav, D Chameera
Captain: S Dhawan/K Yadav
Vice Captain: D de Silva/D Chameera

NOTE: The Howzat dream team above is just a suggestion. You can make your fantasy 11 and play fantasy cricket matches. Also, don’t forget to make any necessary changes to your team once the actual playing 11 is announced by each team (30 minutes before the start of the match) as some players you have selected might not be part of the team suggested.

Get fantasy cricket tips on your favorite fantasy sports app and select your own team, Howzat!

Related Articles
Australia vs India 3rd Test 2024 Fantasy Tips, Match Prediction, Pitch Report & Playing 11
By Sayak Das | 13 Dec, 2024
New Zealand vs England 3rd Test 2024 Fantasy Tips, Match Prediction, Pitch Report & Playing 11
By Sayak Das | 13 Dec, 2024
South Africa vs Pakistan 2nd T20 2024 Fantasy Tips, Match Prediction, Pitch Report & Playing 11
By Sayak Das | 12 Dec, 2024
Share

Facebook

Twitter

Most Popular Post
Who is the Fastest Bowler in Cricket World? Top 10 Fastest Deliveries
🏏Longest Six in Cricket History - Top 10 Biggest Six by Distance
Best Football Player in the World (2024) - Top 10 Football Players
QUICK LINKS
Home
Fantasy Cricket
Poker Game
How To Play
Tips & Tricks
Points System
Testimonial
About Us
FAQs
Disclaimer
Legality
Privacy Policy
Refer & Earn
Refund Policy
Terms of Service
DOWNLOAD OUR APP

Download
ANDROID APP

Download
IOS APP

FOLLOW US
 
 
 
 

Copyright notice: © Junglee Games India Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.howzat.com/blog/match-prediction/sri-lanka-vs-india-2021-2nd-odi-match-prediction-fantasy-xi 
 ----- 
