 
This article was first published 2 years ago

Home » Cricket » India, South Africa share honours following wash-out

India, South Africa share honours following wash-out

June 19, 2022 22:18 IST

Source: PTI

IMAGE: India's Rishabh Pant and South Africa's Keshav Maharaj pose with the trophy prior to the start of the deciding match at the Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru. Photograph: BCCI

India and South Africa shared honours in the five-match T20I series after the last game here on Sunday was called off due to rain with only 3.3 overs of play possible.

 

India and South Africa were on level terms at 2-2 after four matches. After being put into bat, a steady downpour delayed the game by 50 minutes.

It started raining just when the game was about to start. The curtailed match did start at 7:50PM but was called off after only 16 minutes of play in which India managed 28 runs for the loss of two wickets.

Lungi Ngidi got both the wickets of Ishan Kishan and Ruturaj Gaikwad with a couple of slower deliveries.

Kishan hit two sixes off Kehsav Maharaj's opening over but was undone by a loopy slower delivery from Ngidi as he committed to the shot early and played all over it. Gaikwad also failed to pick up a slower delivery and was holed out at mid-on before the heavens opened up again to stop the series decider.

Get Rediff News in your Inbox:
email
Source: PTI
© Copyright 2025 PTI. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of PTI content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent.

RELATED STORIES
How Karthik inspires Hardik
SEE: Sachin, Yuvi, Rohit's heartfelt Father's Day post
Hardik reveals how MSD helped him improve his game
Maharaj on the challenge of bowling to DK
Saha in talks with Tripura for player-cum-mentor role
WEB STORIES

5 Indicators You Have Low Estrogen Levels

5 Winter-Friendly Beverages To Keep Warm

The OnePlus Watch 3 Series Will Mind Your Health

VIDEOS
1:09
Prayagraj: Niranjani Akhara Peshwai arrives at the 'Maha...
1:00
Malaika will take your heart away
MOST POPULAR
SEE: Sachin, Yuvi, Rohit's heartfelt Father's Day...
Hardik reveals how MSD helped him improve his game
Maharaj on the challenge of bowling to DK
Saha in talks with Tripura for 'player-cum-mentor...
Kohli's Test future uncertain after Australia...
FOR YOU
How Karthik inspires Hardik
© 2025 Rediff.com - Feedback - About us - Advertise with us

NEWS

BUSINESS

MOVIES

CRICKET

SPORTS

GET AHEAD
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.rediff.com/cricket/report/india-south-africa-share-honours-following-wash-out/20220619.htm 
 ----- 
