LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
Ind vs Zim T20I series: Zimbabwe will look to exploit the home conditions against India, says Masakadza
A new-look India team suffered a 13-run loss to an inexperienced yet spirited Zimbabwe side in an upset of massive proportion.

Updated - July 07, 2024 01:15 pm IST - New Delhi

PTI
READ LATER
PRINT

Zimbabwe players celebrate a wicket during the first T20 international match against India in Harare on July 6, 2024. | Photo Credit: AP

Having hurt the Shubman Gill-led India hard in the opening T20I in Harare, Zimbabwe spinner Wellington Masakadza said the tourists should take the home side lightly at their own risk, and added that they will exploit the home conditions to the maximum to win the five-match series.

A new-look India team suffered a 13-run loss to an inexperienced yet spirited Zimbabwe side in an upset of massive proportion.

India, who were recently crowned champions in the T20 World Cup albeit with a different set of players, were expected to blow away the Zimbabwean challenge when they restricted the home side to 115 for nine.

But Zimbabwe wrote their own script, reducing India to 28 for four in the Powerplay and then eventually bowling them out for 102 in 19.5 overs.

It was India's first loss in T20Is in 2024 and first against Zimbabwe in eight years.

Masakadza, who finished with figures of 1/15 in three overs, said: "We are trying to use our own conditions as much as we can against this Indian side. It's a second-string Indian side, but there are a lot of good players in there. So, we are looking forward to this series," Masakadza said in an interview with PTI Videos facilitated by broadcasters Sony Sports Network.

"We've had a few plans in place. We needed them to work and obviously, we are trying to use our own conditions as much as we can against this Indian side." Masakadza, who dismissed tail-ender Avesh Khan on Saturday, said he was eyeing captain Shubman Gill's wicket now.

"I'll be looking to take Shubman Gill's big wicket and some of the right-handers, (Riyan) Parag and some of the other guys in the side.

"It will be a very good challenge. They're (Ravi Bishnoi and Washington Sundar) very good spinners. Bishnoi has just had a very good tournament in the IPL and also Sundar. So it's always a very good challenge to have Asian spinners." With Harare enjoying a winter season as it is in the Southern Hemisphere, the left-arm spinner said the home team pacers, due to their familiarity with the pitch, will likely trouble the Indian batters.

"It's winter here and at times it's a bit difficult for batters as the pitch is slowish, with a bit of turn. The seam is always a very big challenge in Harare during winter. So, I think the ball will move a bit and it will spin also," said Masakadza, a veteran of 90 T20Is.

He added that a series win will be a shot in the arm for Zimbabwe cricket, which has been on the decline for several years.

"This series will mean a lot to us. If we manage to win the series, it will be a very big thing in our future." "We're starting a new chapter, we have had our ups and downs in the past. We've just had a new coaching staff. So I just think from now on, this is a big thing for us and we'll be looking forward to making a few plans to get ourselves across the line," said the 30-year-old, who, like his skipper Sikandar Raza, wants to play in the IPL.

Pakistan-born Raza played for Punjab Kings this IPL season, scoring 43 runs in two games. On Saturday, he was adjudged 'Player of the Match' for taking three wickets and scoring 17 runs.

"Definitely, it's always a good thing to go out there and play in those leagues. I will look to take some wickets in this series. That can be good for me to get a gig (IPl contract)."

Published - July 07, 2024 01:14 pm IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

Twenty20

Most Popular
Visitor registration for Aero India 2025 in Bengaluru goes live
Understanding Human Metapneumovirus, as cases emerge from China: Explained
Shooting at NYC store wounds 6, including a mom and her 12-year-old daughter
A terror attack and four gruesome murders in Bengaluru
Congress did not respect Manmohan Singh in life, politicising his death: Nadda
Nimisha Priya death row: Govt extending all help, says MEA
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Zakir Hussain death LIVE updates 
Parliament Winter Session Day 17 LIVE 
News 
Live news 
Christmas Advent calendar 2024 
Latest cricket news 
Gukesh vs Ding World Chess Championship Game 14 LIVE 
Tamil Nadu rains LIVE Dec 12 
Pushpa 2 Stampede 
Proba 3 mission: ISRO successfully launches PSLV-C59 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/ind-vs-zim-t20i-series-zimbabwe-will-look-to-exploit-the-home-conditions-against-india-says-masakadza/article68377678.ece 
 ----- 
