NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
World Series champion Rangers eliminated from post-season contention during final homestand
Associated Press
September 21, 2024 - 6:20pm
Texas Rangers' Adolis Garcia (53) celebrates with Jonah Heim (28) after scoring on a single by Nathaniel Lowe in the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Seattle Mariners, Friday, Sept. 20, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (Richard W. Rodriguez/AP)
0 comments

ARLINGTON, Texas — The title defence for the Texas Rangers is over. The reigning World Series champions were eliminated from post-season contention during their last homestand of the season.

The Rangers went into Saturday night's matchup with Seattle eight games behind Minnesota for the third AL wild card with eight to go. The Twins won the season series 5-2.

Houston entered Saturday with a magic number of four to clinch the division title. The Astros took the top spot in the AL West last season after tying the Rangers at 90-72 and winning the season series.

Texas edged Houston in a seven-game AL championship series last year before beating Arizona in five games in the World Series.

“I'd say we're all disappointed with where we're at now,” Texas manager Bruce Bochy said before his club's second-to-last game at Globe Life Field this season. “It's always difficult when you see these teams clinch and celebrating and you're not, especially coming off the year that we had.”

A year after they were in first place in the AL West for all but one day over the first five months of the season, the Rangers didn't lead the division after May 11.

Texas dropped below .500 with a loss to Philadelphia on May 21. The next loss for the Rangers (73-81) would clinch their seventh losing record in the past eight seasons.

The Rangers knew they would have to make it most of the season without ace Jacob deGrom coming off the right-hander's elbow surgery in June 2023.

Fellow multiple Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer was limited to nine starts by a variety of health issues.

Outfielder Evan Carter, a rookie sensation in the post-season last year, didn't play past May because of a bad back. Josh Jung, an All-Star third baseman as a rookie, missed three months with a broken wrist.

Among the players who didn't have health issues, right fielder Adolis García and catcher Jonah Heim couldn't match their offensive production from the championship season.

The Rangers were third in the majors in runs during their title season. They were tied for 21st going into the game against the Mariners.

“Offensively, we just didn't show up like we did last year,” said All-Star second baseman Marcus Semien, who is about 20 points off his career batting average of .255. “In this league, you have to hit for power, you have to play good defence. I'll always say that till I'm done playing. We didn't always do that.” 

It will be the fourth time a Bochy-led team hasn't made the post-season the year after winning the World Series. He won titles with San Francisco in 2010, 2012 and 2014. The Giants beat the Rangers for Bochy's first championship.

“The thing that I loved is how we came out of the gate,” said Bochy, whose team was a season-high five games over .500 and in first place on May 8. “We actually played good baseball. The offence started struggling. We couldn’t find our way out of it. That’s what I think surprised everybody.”

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Rangers’ Max Scherzer put on IL with hamstring strain to end season
Blue Jays’ Vladimir Guerrero Jr. sets new career-high for hits
MLB NEWS
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/world-series-champion-rangers-eliminated-from-post-season-contention-during-final-homestand/ 
 ----- 
