COTTON BOWL CLASSIC
News, stories, predictions and more, as Texas plays Ohio State here Friday 
CLOSE
Weather
32°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Live updates: ‘Last batch’ of light snow, freezing drizzle move through Dallas-Fort Worth
Everything to know about Texas-Ohio State: Quinn Ewers faces familiar foe in Cotton Bowl
Snow is coming to North Texas. Here’s how to drive on icy roads — if you have to
Does Dallas-Fort Worth usually get snow in January? Here’s what historic records show
Trump to be sentenced today in hush money case, days before inauguration
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
Winter storm: Dallas airports de-ice after mass cancellations, more coming Friday
At least 10 dead in LA-area wildfires; 2 biggest blazes burn at least 10,000 structures
Dallas ISD, other North Texas schools announce Friday closures due to winter weather
Amid cold conditions outside, Mavericks use hot fourth quarter in comeback win vs. Blazers
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Kirby Yates thinks he can keep pitching at a high level. Will it be with the Rangers?
Yates was a revelation as the Rangers’ closer in 2024, as his dominant season earned him an All-Star Game selection. He now looks ahead to his pending free agency.

By Shawn McFarland

Texas Rangers reporter

Sep. 20, 2024
|
Updated 9:53 p.m. CDT
|
4 min. read
Texas Rangers pitcher Kirby Yates (39) delivers against the Toronto Blue Jays during the ninth inning of a baseball game at Globe Life Field, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024 in Arlington. (Chitose Suzuki / Staff Photographer)

ARLINGTON — Just think: It could be worse.

The Texas Rangers — who’ve been eliminated from American League West contention and aren’t far from the same fate in the AL wild card race — could’ve slogged through a busted title defense season with the same level of bullpen play that nearly kept them from competing for last year’s championship.

“I hate to think,” Rangers manager Bruce Bochy said Wednesday when asked about the back end of his bullpen. “We’re not where we want to be, but where we could be.”

Kirby Yates has made that a cautionary what-if instead of a harrowing reality. The right-handed reliever, in his first year with the Rangers, has been one of baseball’s best closers and has anchored a bullpen that yielded a league-worst 31% save percentage last season.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

And, in a month-and-a-half, he’ll become a free agent for the third time in four years.

“I think this is different,” Yates told The Dallas Morning News on Friday, “because this is probably the best position I could put myself in.”

ADVERTISEMENT

No kidding. Yates, a second-time All-Star this year, is 31 for 32 in save opportunities and leads all closers with a 96.9% save percentage. His .116 batting average against ranks first among all qualified relief pitchers leaguewide, his 1.23 ERA ranks second and his 1.9 WAR ranks eighth, according to FanGraphs. His strikeout percentage and left-on-base percentage both rank within the top five.

The Rangers signed Yates to a one-year, $4.5 million deal last December after the 37-year-old pitched his first healthy season in three years for the Atlanta Braves in 2023. Yates, an All-Star closer in 2019 with the San Diego Padres, hardly threw in the three seasons that followed due to a number of arm injuries and season-ending Tommy John surgery.

The Texas Rangers' Kirby Yates throws to the National League during the eighth inning of the MLB All-Star Game at Globe Life Field in Arlington, July 16, 2024. Yates didn’t allow a hit in the inning.(Tom Fox / Staff Photographer)

“Being able to have a closer title again and be in that role,” Yates said, “I think it’s kind of given me more emphasis on the fact that I can do this for a few more years and probably still be highly effective.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Will it be for the Rangers?

ADVERTISEMENT

“That’s always open,” Yates said. “I hope those talks happen. I’ve enjoyed it here, I think it’s a great fit, my family’s liked it here, it’s an easy transition for me. If it works out, it works out. If it doesn’t, I’ll always be thankful for the Rangers organization, Rangers fans and everybody that’s treated me the way they have. That’s just kind of the life of a bullpen guy.”

Yates said that Texas’ proximity to home (Arizona) and his family (wife Ashlee, daughter Oaklee and son Kove) and his relatives in Hawaii helped sway his decision to sign with the Rangers in December. Those weren’t factors that he’d considered during his first two free agency experiences when he signed with the Toronto Blue Jays and the Braves. They are now.

“I would like to stay close to home and obviously land somewhere where it’s easy to commute and see my family and have all of that,” Yates said. “I think that kind of plays into how you play on the field. Usually when you’re around your family and stuff, I would say, you’re more focused on the game.”

His own desires are one thing. The Rangers’ desires — and available funds — are another. Chris Young, president of baseball operations, said Tuesday that a refined bullpen is among Texas’ offseason priorities. So is starting pitching and an offense that ranked among the worst in baseball this season, and there are only so many dollars to go around. Young said Tuesday that he’ll meet with owner Ray Davis in the coming weeks to determine how much the Rangers will be able to spend in free agency.

ADVERTISEMENT

Yates, according to a FanGraphs metric that converts WAR into a dollar value, has been worth $14.9 million this season. His age will factor into his impending payday; for reference, 36-year-old Craig Kimbrel signed a one-year, $13 million deal with the Baltimore Orioles last season and 36-year-old Aroldis Chapman signed a one-year, $10.5 million deal with the Pittsburgh Pirates after he helped the Rangers win a World Series. Yates has had a better walk year than either of them did.

There’s a reason to believe that pace of play can be maintained too. Because Yates pitched just 11⅓ total innings from 2020-22 in and around injuries, there’s less “mileage” on his arm. His 408⅓ career innings pitched rank 21st among active relievers. He’s pitched on consecutive days 14 times this season and threw on back-to-back-to-back days from July 21-23. He’s avoided the injured list this season and physically feels as good now as he did in his early 30s.

ADVERTISEMENT

It’s enough to make him think that he can continue to perform into his late 30s.

“I’ve thought about it a lot lately recently,” Yates said. “I’ve always kind of said, once I had surgery, I feel like it’s given me five years of life after. This’ll be my third year. Truthfully I think I’ve got two more years that I could probably pitch at an effective level.”

ADVERTISEMENT

It’s just a matter of where.

Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’
ADVERTISEMENT

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

Click or tap here to sign up for our Rangers newsletter.

By Shawn McFarland

Shawn covers the Texas Rangers and other Dallas-area sports for The News. He joined The Dallas Morning News after covering UConn basketball, football and high school sports for The Hartford Courant. A Boston area native, Shawn graduated from Springfield College in 2018 and previously worked for The Boston Globe and Baseball America.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Live updates: ‘Last batch’ of light snow, freezing drizzle move through Dallas-Fort Worth
2
Freezing temps overnight could make travel treacherous on D-FW roads
3
Macy's closing five D-FW area locations as department store slashes footprint
4
Winter storm: Dallas airports de-ice after mass cancellations, more coming Friday
5
North Texas Friday weather forecast: Snow, ice to end with clearing expected midday
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2024/09/20/kirby-yates-thinks-he-can-keep-pitching-at-a-high-level-will-it-be-with-the-rangers/ 
 ----- 
