MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Only own-goals as Japan and Australia draw 1-1 in Asian World Cup qualifying
Updated Oct. 15, 2024 4:47 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

SAITAMA, Japan (AP) — Two own-goals saw the points shared Tuesday as Japan and Australia drew 1-1 in Asian World Cup qualifying.

Shogo Taniguchi accidentally put Australia ahead just before the hour at Saitama Stadium, but Australia's Cameron Burgess returned the favor soon after to leave Japan top of Group C with 10 points from four games, five clear of the Socceroos in second.

Saudi Arabia and Bahrain, third and fourth, meet later Tuesday.

“I’m very proud of that performance – the calmness and composure that we showed in defense,” said Australia midfielder Jackson Irvine. “It’s a top foundation for us to move forward.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Japan, which has appeared at every World Cup since 1998, attacked from the beginning but struggled to create clear chances despite the majority of possession. Takefusa Kubo had the best chance, shooting into the side of the net from close range while Brighton winger Kaoru Mitoma had a shot deflected wide.

It was more of the same in the second half but, just after former Liverpool attacker Takumi Minamino headed wide, Australia stunned the hosts by taking the lead after 58 minutes with a goal that came out of nothing.

Lewis Miller crossed into the area from the right and Taniguchi tried to clear but only succeeded in diverting the ball past the diving Zion Suzuki and into the net to the delight of the small number of visiting fans.

It was the first time that Japan had conceded in 10 qualifiers in the second and third rounds but the team got the equalizer thanks to another own-goal after 76 minutes. Keito Nakamura dribbled down the left and his low cross hit Burgess and went into the net from close range.

Japan pressed in an attempt to get the winning goal and maintain its perfect record in qualification but had to settle for the point.

Stop Searching. Find a Great Cash Back Credit Card.
See Recommendations for Great Cash Back Credit Cards of 2024. Compare Cards that Fit Your Needs.
Intuit Credit Karma|Sponsored
Kyle Shanahan says De'Vondre Campbell won't be part of 49ers moving forward
De’Vondre Campbell left his teammates bewildered and angry when he refused to enter Thursday's game after losing his starting job.
7 Stocks for the Next Tech Revolution
5 Years From Now, You’ll Probably Wish You’d Grabbed These Stocks
Motley Fool|Sponsored
Caitlin Clark says players, coaches in WNBA are 'a lot smarter' than in college
After just one season in the WNBA, Caitlin Clark noticed one big difference between women's basketball at the professional level and basketball at the collegiate level: t...
James Franklin lobbies for transfer portal changes as Penn State loses Beau Pribula
Penn State backup quarterback Beau Pribula wants to spend his last two years of eligibility as a starter and knows he’d likely have to wait at least another year in...

Australia stayed in second on five points above Saudi Arabia and Bahrain, who drew 0-0 in Jeddah.

China picked up its first points with a 2-1 win over Indonesia in Qingdao but stayed bottom of the group on goal difference. First-half goals from Abduweli Behram and Zhang Yuning put the host in control but a late goal from Indonesia's Thom Haye ensured a nervy finish.

The top two from each of the three six-team groups in the third round qualify automatically for the World Cup while the third and fourth-place teams will advance to the next stage to compete for two more spots.

There was another top-two meeting in Group B as South Korea beat Iraq 3-2 in Yongin to move three points clear.

Oh Se-hun gave the hosts the lead four minutes before the break only for Aymen Hussein to level for Iraq six minutes after with a spectacular bicycle kick. Oh Hyeong-gyu and Lee Jae-sung both struck late to secure the win and leave South Korea on course for an 11th successive World Cup appearance.

South Korea has 10 points, three ahead of Iraq and Jordan, which defeated Oman 4-0. The Palestinian team stays bottom after a 2-2 draw with Kuwait.

In Group A, Iran defeated Qatar 4-1 to move top on goal difference above Uzbekistan, which edged United Arab Emirates 1-0. Kyrgyzstan beat North Korea by the same scoreline to pick up its first points and move into fifth.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

SHARE
IN THIS TOPIC
FIFA Men's World Cup
International Friendlies
Australia
Japan
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
2024 NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2024 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2024 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/soccer/only-owngoals-as-japan-and-australia-draw-11-in-asian-world-cup-qualifying 
 ----- 
