Monday, December 16, 2024
Home
Advertise
Write for Us
About
Contact
Soccer News
Popular Tickets !
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
Buy MLS Tickets 2023!
-, USA
1
See Tickets
Home
News
Live Scores
Soccer Stats
Head 2 Head
Transfers
Betting
Tickets
More
icon
TRANSFER NEWS
1. Leicester City eye Chelsea midfielder Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall
2. Antonio Conte wants Nemanja Matic at Napoli
3. Manchester United linked with Sunderland star Chris Rigg
4. Manchester City explore Pogba deal
5. Arsenal want to sign Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic in January

Select Competition

▾

Select Team

▾
NEWS
LATEST
COLUMNS
LEAGUES
TOURNAMENTS
TRANSFERS
BETTING TIPS
MATCH PREVIEWS
SPECIALS
3Tips for you!
1
Bitesize Prediction: Tonbridge vs Chesham – 17/12/24 [...]
2
Bitesize Prediction: Airdrieonians vs Livingston – 17/12/24 [...]
3
December 16th: Monday’s European Double – 5/1 Special, Betting Tips & Predictions [...]
This Week's Promos
£/€50 Free Match Bet

Claim up to £/€50 free sports match bet. Enter promo code: F50. New customers only.

18+. T&C Apply. Gamble Responsibly.
£25 MATCHED BET

Sign up with F25 promo code for up to £25 free matched bet. New customers only.

18+. T&C Apply. Gamble Responsibly.
Prediction: Venezuela vs Uruguay

Jamie Jones in Free Soccer Predictions 10 Sep 2024

 453 Views
0
COMMENTS

Prediction: Uruguay to win 2-0

Best Odds: 79/10

Bookmaker: Zetbet

Venezuela and Uruguay will lock horns with each other in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONMEBOL) this week. The match between Fernando Batista’s side and Marcelo Bielsa’s team will be held at Estadio Monumental de Maturín in Maturín, Venezuela. It is scheduled to kick off at 11 pm UK time on Tuesday.

Venezuela

Venezuela are a modest footballing nation in South America who do not tend to qualify for major international competitions. As of 2022, they are the only CONMEBOL side to have never qualified for the World Cup finals and tend to do poorly in qualification campaigns.

Things do look decent for Venezuela at the moment. Fernando Batista’s side are fifth in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONMEBOL) with nine points from seven matches, nine points behind leaders Argentina and a point ahead of sixth-placed Ecuador.

Venezuela will head into the match against Uruguay on the back of a 4-0 hammering at the hands of Bolivia away from home.

Team News:

Venezuela are likely to line up in a 4-3-3 formation against Uruguay. Romo will be in goal for the home side and will have Aramburu, Ferraresi, Osorio and Navarro ahead of him in defence. Segovia, Martinez and Pereira will be the three midfielder. Machis, Soteldo and Rondon will be the three forwards.

Uruguay

Uruguay are one of the biggest and historic footballing nations in the world and are a powerhouse in South America. They tend to qualify for major international competitions and are also expected to do well in them.

Marcelo Bielsa’s side did extremely well at the Copa America this summer. Uruguay finished third in the competition and also beat Brazil in the quarter-finals. Their objective is now to qualify for the 2026 World Cup finals.

Uruguay are second in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONMEBOL) with 14 points from seven matches. La Celeste are four points behind leaders Argentina and are a point ahead of Colombia, who are third.

Team News:

Uruguay are likely to line up in a 4-3-3 formation. Rochet will be in goal for the visiting team. Rodriguez, Bueno, Cacares and Olaza will be the four defenders. Martinez, Ugarte and Rodriguez will be the three midfielders. Pellistri, Araujo and Rodriguez will be the three forwards.

Key Factors to Consider
Venezuela have won 3 of their last 6 games in all competitions.
Venezuela have lost 2 of their last 6 games in all competitions.
Venezuela have won 2 and lost 1 of their last 6 World Cup quaifiers.
Uruguay have won 3 of their last 6 World Cup qualifiers.
Uruguay have won 3 of their last 6 matches in all competitions.
Conclusion

Uruguay are doing extremely well at the moment and have a better team than Venezuela. While Venezuela will fancy their chances of winning because of their home advantage, it is likely that Uruguay will eke out a narrow win.

Prediction: Uruguay to win 2-0

Best Odds: 79/10

Bookmaker: Zetbet

Soccer News Like
People like this.
Be the first of your friends! 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
 
Jamie Jones



Jamie Jones is an experienced football journalist who has been working in the industry for years. Jamie watches all the major leagues in Europe, especially the Premier League and La Liga.

SHARE OR COMMENT ON THIS ARTICLE
0
COMMENTS
ADD COMMENT
Categories Free Soccer Predictions

SHARE THIS ARTICLE

Share
0
Shares
READ ALSO
Luis Enrique credits PSG for keeping errors to a minimum in win over Lyon
Fonseca rues Milan´s decision-making and profligacy after Genoa stalemate
Chelsea 2-1 Brentford: What Were The Main Talking Points As The Blues Extend On their Premier League Romp In West London?
Maresca urges realism amid Chelsea excitement
WE RECOMMEND
Could Liverpool have finally found consistency?
Wayne Rooney should take responsibility for his poor performances
Manchester City will take some stopping this season
Effects of Barcelona’s infectious team spirit examined
Comments (0)
Share your opinion
ADD COMMENT
NEWEST
OLDEST
Leave a Reply
Connect with:
  

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Join the conversation!

Login or Register

More
More
ABOUT LOGO

Get all the latest football news, betting tips, and promotions for all the major leagues around the world. Read in depth articles on all major Premier League events and other from countries with comments and opinions from our experienced bloggers. Also, find fixtures, results, and live score service. Read More

POPULAR
All Headlines
Transfer News
2022/23 Transfers
Statistics, Tables & Results
BETTING
Soccer Betting
Bookmakers
Bonus Offers
Promotions
INFORMATION
ToS
Privacy
Advertise
Partners
FOLLOW LOGO
Facebook
 
Instagram
 
News Feed
SIGN UP AND JOIN OUR TEAM!

For all betting related promotions and bonuses. 18+ Only. Please gamble responsibly!

 

SoccerNews.com Copyright © 2006 - 2024 All Rights Reserved.

For all betting related promotions and bonuses. 18+ Only. Please gamble responsibly! All odds quoted correct at time of publishing and subject to change.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.soccernews.com/prediction-venezuela-vs-uruguay/375764/ 
 ----- 
