SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
VENEZUELA HOLD URUGUAY TO GOALLESS DRAW IN UNINSPIRING WORLD CUP QUALIFIER
Venezuela hold Uruguay to goalless draw in uninspiring World Cup qualifier
Flashscore,
11.09.2024 00:11
Venezuela and Uruguay couldn't be separated
AFP / Juan Pablo Aravena
A depleted Uruguay outfit held off Venezuela to secure a goalless draw in Maturin, with the result extending the hosts' winless run in World Cup qualifying to four matches.

With a vociferous home crowd behind them, Venezuela were on top in the early stages against a Uruguay side beleaguered by suspensions and injuries. All-time top scorer Salomon Rondon came close to breaking the deadlock early on for La Vinotinto, heading narrowly wide of the target as the hosts chased an opener.

Neither outfit was able to create much in an attritional first half, with matters not helped by a torrential downpour. Rondon consistently appeared the likeliest player to find a breakthrough - even finding the net before the break only for his celebrations to be cut short by the offside flag - as both sides went into half time needing somewhat of a rethink.

Venezuela’s superiority continued after the restart, though chances continued to go begging as Telasco Segovia was denied in a one-on-one by a magnificent save from Sergio Rochet.

Match stats
Flashscore

 

The deteriorating conditions made it close to impossible for either team to generate much by way of chances as the half progressed however. At one point, it was difficult for the ball to even roll around the pitch, but referee Raphael Claus didn’t show any intention of suspending the contest.

A header from Yordan Osorio that went inches wide was as close as either outfit came to snatching a winning goal, with the spoils ultimately shared in a forgettable contest. While disappointed not to come away with all three points after dominating for large periods, Venezuela bounced back admirably from a 4-0 thumping against Bolivia.

Uruguay, meanwhile, secured a second consecutive goalless stalemate - a decent return for Marcelo Bielsa’s men given their selection issues.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Sergio Rochet (Uruguay)

Check out the match stats here

MENTIONS
Football
Uruguay
Venezuela
Salomon Rondon
Sergio Rochet
Telasco Segovia
Marcelo Vieira da Silva Junior
Yordan Osorio
Bolivia
Related Articles
Uruguay striker Luis Suarez announces international retirement
03.09.2024 04:18
Darwin Nunez gets five-game international ban as Uruguay players punished
28.08.2024 15:37
Spain climb to third in FIFA rankings as Argentina remain top
18.07.2024 10:06
Show more
Football
Postecoglou 'proud' of Tottenham players after thrashing sorry Southampton
29 min ago
Fiorentina's Bove breaks silence after medical issues, praises football community
1 h ago
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
1 h ago
Manchester United's win over City the start of a 'positive journey,' says Maguire
1 h ago
Winners and Losers: Velez crowned champions of Argentina, City and Barcelona suffer slips
2 h ago
New Tottenham signing Yang confident he can make an instant impact
2 h ago
Chelsea boss Enzo Maresca says team must improve game management
5 h ago
CAF Awards: Aboutrika, Okocha & other legends who missed out on the Player of the Year prize
6 h ago
Three Premier League talking points as Manchester City's crisis deepens
6 h ago
Women's Euro 2025 Final Draw: The lowdown ahead of Monday's draw
10 h ago
Most Read
Football Tracker: PSG down Lyon as Milan drop points at home, Barcelona stunned
Rashford and Garnacho left out by Amorim for crucial Manchester derby
Guardiola says he would only leave Manchester City if he lost the dressing room
Barcelona legend Iniesta bids farewell to playing career in Tokyo exhibition match
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Lazio - Inter
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/venezuela-hold-uruguay-to-goalless-draw-in-uninspiring-world-cup-qualifier/IuxgcmoB/ 
 ----- 
