TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Christmas
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Home
TV
Sport
Football
What channel is Greece v Republic of Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What channel is Greece v Republic of Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time

Check out how to watch Greece v Republic of Ireland in the Nations League, including TV details, live stream coverage and kick-off time.

Getty Images
Alex Harris
Published: Saturday, 12 October 2024 at 0:00 pm
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

The Republic of Ireland travel to group leaders Greece for the latest fixture in their UEFA Nations League campaign this weekend.

New manager Heimir Hallgrímsson endured a challenging start to life as Stephen Kenny's permanent replacement, with the Boys in Green suffering a pair of 2-0 home defeats to England and Greece respectively in their opening Nations League games last month.

But the Icelandic tactician's reign is officially up and running thanks to a 2-1 victory in Finland on Thursday, as Robbie Brady fired the winner in the 88th minute after Liam Scales cancelled out Joel Pohjanpalo's opener.

Watch Greece v Republic of Ireland on Viaplay International YouTube

The success leaves Ireland sitting third in Group B2 with three points from three games, but it is Greece that, surprisingly, head proceedings after beating England in dramatic fashion at Wembley on Thursday.

The game looked to be heading for a draw after Jude Bellingham's late leveller, but Vangelis Pavlidis hit his second goal of the game in the 94th minute to continue the Greeks' perfect start to the campaign.

RadioTimes.com has rounded up everything you need to know about how to watch Greece v Republic of Ireland on TV and online.

Read more football features: Best players in the world | Best players of all time | Live football on TV today

When is Greece v Republic of Ireland?

Greece v Republic of Ireland will take place on Sunday 13th October 2024.

Check out our live football on TV guide for the latest times and information.

Greece v Republic of Ireland kick-off time

Greece v Republic of Ireland will kick off at 7:45pm.

Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

What TV channel is Greece v Republic of Ireland on?

Unfortunately, Greece v Republic of Ireland has not been selected for live TV broadcast in the UK.

How to live stream Greece v Republic of Ireland online

Fans can watch live on the Viaplay International YouTube channel for free.

Viaplay have confirmed that a host of other Nations League games this weekend, including Scotland's game against Portugal on Tuesday, will also be broadcast.

Is Greece v Republic of Ireland on radio?

Unfortunately, the match has not been selected for live radio commentary in the UK.

Advertisement

Greece v Republic of Ireland odds

In working partnership with the Radio Times, bet365 has provided the following betting odds for this event:

bet365 odds: Greece (8/11) Draw (5/2) Republic of Ireland (4/1)*

For all the latest football odds and more, visit bet365 today. Bet £10 & Get £30 in Free Bets for new customers at bet365.

Min deposit requirement. Free Bets are paid as Bet Credits and are available for use upon settlement of bets to value of qualifying deposit. Min odds, bet and payment method exclusions apply. Returns exclude Bet Credits stake. Time limits and T&Cs apply.

*Odds subject to change. 18+. T&Cs apply. GambleAware.org. Note – The bonus code RT365 does not change the offer amount in any way.

Check out more of our Sport coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
Alex Harris
Visit us on Twitter
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is Finland v Ireland Nations League match on? TV details and kick-off time
What channel is Republic of Ireland v Finland Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is Finland v Ireland Nations League match on? TV details and kick-off time
What channel is Republic of Ireland v Finland Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is England v Republic of Ireland Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Ireland v Greece Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Win a trip to see The Railway Children

with Bradford City of Culture 2025. One Radio Times reader will win a wonderful trip for four to see The Railway Children. As well as tickets to the show, you will enjoy an overnight stay in a Suite at the four-star Cedar Court Hotel Bradford

ENTER NOW
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2024
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/sport/football/greece-republic-of-ireland-nations-league-2024-25-preview/ 
 ----- 
