Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Uganda Cranes head coach Put promises completely different approach against Algeria | 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers
Paul Put: We have to be realistic. The quality of Algeria is top. They have been playing for a long time together. Therefore, the Monday approach will definitely be different.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
JUNE 9, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Paul Put on the touchline during Uganda Cranes' 1-0 win over Botswana Zebras | Credit: Don Phil Mugabi
Overview:

It remains to be seen whether second half substitutes Bobosi Byaruhanga, goal scorer Muhammed Shaban and Rogers Kassim Mato can claim commanding slots against the Algeria Desert Foxes.

FIFA 2026 World Cup Qualifiers (Group G)

Uganda Cranes Vs Algeria
Monday, 10th June 2024 (7 PM)
Mandela National Stadium, Namboole

In the aftermath of Uganda Cranes’ narrow 1-0 home win over Botswana Zebras in the 2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers on Friday at Mandela National Stadium – Namboole, the hosts held two recovery sessions on Saturday and Sunday.

This is in preparation for another home contest against North Africans Algeria on Monday night.

Allan Okello in action for Uganda Cranes against Botswana on Friday | Credit: Don Mugabi Credit: John Philip Mugabi

After the Botswana game, Uganda Cranes head coach Paul Put saluted character and fighting spirit of his charges in the contest where super substitute Shaban Muhammad scored.

“The players played very well.  The team fighting spirit is superb. We did not create enough chances and this is because lots of players arrived late in camp” the Belgian born tactician spoke to the media.

“I thank the entire team for this victory. There are several young players graduating from U-23 side who performed well. Uganda has a bright future and I am confident of this crop” he added.

Paul Put arrives at Mandela National Stadium, Namboole | Credit: Don Phil Mugabi

Flowers to the fans:

The Belgian coach who replaced Milutin “Micho” Sredejovic in 2023 was humbled by the turn up of the fans and their active involvement in the game proper.

“I thank the fans who came and I know they will return on Monday and many more” Put lauded the fans who returned to Namboole for the first time to cheer their national team since 2018.

About Algeria:

Put expects a tougher challenge from Algeria and he openly asserted that the approach will be very different.

“We have to be realistic. The quality of Algeria is top. They have been playing for a long time together. Therefore, the Monday approach will definitely be different.” He hinted.

Put and the rest of the backroom team are expected to maintain three thirds of the team that featured against Botswana.

Denis Omedi and Mohammad Shaban (right) celebrate Uganda Cranes’ lone strike against Botswana

It remains to be seen whether second half substitutes Bobosi Byaruhanga, goal scorer Muhammed Shaban, Denis Omedi and Rogers Kassim Mato can claim commanding slots against the Algeria Desert Foxes.

Algeria, Guinea, Uganda and Mozambique all have six points from 3 matches. Botswana has three points to their name and Somalia is yet to pick up any point.

DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Join the Conversation

 1 Comment

The Ugandan...
says:
June 10, 2024 at 03:46

I’m just excited to see the quality of these players is way better than what we have seen in the recent past. If only they would shoot like the junior sides.

If I were the coach I would tell them to shoot. If you miss, no problem, keep shooting.
You cannot score if you don’t take the shot.

Credit to FUFA for laying the foundation and developing good talent.

Loading...
Reply
Leave a comment
Please let us know what you think
Padel Sport: Legendary Afrigo Band to light up Herman Padel Center official opening in Nsambya
Uganda set to compete in inaugural CAF U-17 girls integrated football tournament
Uganda Football 2024: A year to remember for SC Villa, Kitara, Uganda Cranes
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
%d
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/06/09/uganda-cranes-head-coach-put-promises-complete-approach-against-algeria-2026-fifa-world-cup-qualifiers/ 
 ----- 
