Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.
Sport
|
ICC Cricket World Cup
‘We’re dreaming’: Afghanistan crush the Netherlands at Cricket World Cup

Afghanistan sweep past the Netherlands by seven wickets to boost their chances of reaching the semifinals.

Afghanistan captain Hashmatullah Shahidi, centre, and his teammate Azmatullah Omarzai celebrate after beating the Netherland in Lucknow, India [Altaf Qadri/AP Photo]
Published On 3 Nov 2023
3 Nov 2023

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Afghanistan have kept their hopes of qualifying for the World Cup semifinals alive after beating the Netherlands by seven wickets in a low-scoring group game.

After the match on Friday, Afghanistan climbed to fifth in the standings with eight points, behind New Zealand on net run rate. The top four teams will move into the last four of the tournament.

KEEP READING
list of 4 items
list 1 of 4
Afghanistan beat Sri Lanka to boost Cricket World Cup semifinal hopes
list 2 of 4
Rare public joy in Kabul after Afghanistan’s World Cup win over Pakistan
list 3 of 4
Afghanistan shock rivals Pakistan in historic Cricket World Cup win
list 4 of 4
Afghanistan shock holders England for first ICC Cricket World Cup win
end of list

Afghanistan had won only one game in two previous World Cups, but the Asian side now have four wins in the tournament in India after also beating defending champions England, Pakistan and Sri Lanka.

Chasing 180 for victory after the Netherlands won the toss and opted to bat first, Afghanistan were 55-2, but Rahmat Shah scored a breezy 52 off 54 balls to set the platform for a comfortable chase.

Skipper Hashmatullah Shahidi made an unbeaten 56 to guide Afghanistan home in the 32nd over, smashing the winning runs with his sixth boundary.

Earlier, Mujeeb Ur Rahman struck in the first over when he trapped opener Wesley Barresi LBW to claim his 100th ODI wicket, and the next four Dutch batters were all run out after mix-ups.

Sign up for Al Jazeera
Weekly Newsletter
The latest news from around the world. Timely. Accurate. Fair.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
Advertisement

Max O’Dowd (42) looked set for a big score with nine fours but was run out by fine work in the deep from Azmatullah Omarzai, who shattered the stumps with a direct hit as the opener’s dive was in vain.

Captain Scott Edwards, the top scorer for the Dutch at the tournament, was run out first ball by Afghan keeper Ikram Alikhil when he played a shot and stepped out of the crease not knowing where the ball was.

Sybrand Engelbrecht was the lone middle order batter to provide resistance with a patient 58, but the Dutch were all out for 179 in the 47th over with Alikhil involved in six dismissals and Mohammad Nabi picking up three wickets.

Afghanistan have the same eight points as Australia and New Zealand, who currently occupy two of the semifinal qualifying places.

Undefeated India have already made sure of a last-four spot with South Africa almost certain to join them.

“We are still dreaming, and we are still trying our best to make the semifinal. That would be such a big achievement for our country and for me,” Shahidi said.

“A message to our country back home: We know that people are struggling. We are with them. I dedicate this win to them.”

Next up for Afghanistan on Tuesday is a potential grudge match against five-time champions Australia.

In January, Australia controversially cancelled a series against Afghanistan in protest, they said, against the Taliban’s treatment of women.

SOURCE: NEWS AGENCIES
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2023/11/3/afghanistan-beat-the-netherlands-icc-cricket-world-cup-2023 
 ----- 
