Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Lucknow latest weather forecast for Afghanistan vs Netherlands Cricket World Cup 2023 match on Friday

RAHUL IYER

02 November, 2023
•
6:20 pm UTC

Afghanistan and Netherlands will face off in the 34th match of the 2023 World Cup at the Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium in Lucknow on Friday, 3 November.

MORE: Full Cricket World Cup 2023 fixtures & results | Bet on CWC 2023 matches here (selected territories)

Afghanistan currently sit in sixth place on the points table, with 3 wins and 3 losses. They still have a chance of making the top four and securing a semifinal spot, and a win against Netherlands will take them level on points with fourth-placed New Zealand.

Netherlands have almost no chance of making the top four, but a win will help them take another step towards finishing in the top 7 to secure a place in the 2025 Champions Trophy.

Here, The Sporting News provides you with a detailed report on the weather forecast in Lucknow ahead of the game at the Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium. 

Lucknow weather forecast for Afghanistan vs Netherlands CWC 2023 match
Friday, 3 November 2023

It will be a sunny day in Lucknow with the temperature going up to 31° Celsius in the afternoon. It will come down to 24° Celsius in the evening.

Chances of rain interrupting Afghanistan vs Netherlands:

The weather forecasters have predicted no rain in Lucknow on Friday.

The chances of rainfall at different hours throughout the day are as follows:

2 PM: 0%
3 PM: 0%
4 PM: 0%
5 PM: 0%
6 PM: 0%
7 PM: 0%
8 PM: 0%
9 PM: 0%
10 PM: 0%

MORE: Watch all the Cricket World Cup action live!

Weather forecast in Lucknow: What happens if Afghanistan vs Netherlands is stopped by rain?

If rain abandons the fixture, both the teams will get a point each.

MORE: Sachin Tendulkar's statue sparks jibes for Steve Smith similarity

What time does Afghanistan vs Netherlands start in the CWC 2023?

The match is set to begin at 2:00 PM IST.

How to watch Afghanistan vs Netherlands IN CWC 2023?

Star Sports Network holds the broadcasting rights for the ODI World Cup 2023. All World Cup games will be live on Star Sports TV channels and Disney+ Hotstar.

Country	TV CHANNEL	LIVESTREAM
India	Star Sports TV channels	Disney+ Hotstar
Afghanistan vs Netherlands IN CWC 2023: Latest betting odds, predictions

According to the Dafabet, the following are the odds for this Cricket World Cup 2023 match.

MORE: To make your bet on this match you can click here for all the latest odds and CWC 2023 markets and special offers (selected territories)

You can also play Dafabet's CWC 2023 predictor game for the chance to win the latest Apple gadgets and big INR prizes!

RAHUL IYER

Rahul is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/lucknow-weather-forecast-afghanistan-netherlands-cwc-2023-friday/f1e67d35404b62ed082fca98 
 ----- 
