TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Download Our App
Home
TV
Sport
Cricket
What channel is Netherlands v Afghanistan Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? TV coverage, live stream and UK time
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What channel is Netherlands v Afghanistan Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? TV coverage, live stream and UK time

Check out how to watch the Netherlands v Afghanistan in the Cricket World Cup 2023, including TV and radio coverage, UK time and our key player to watch.

Getty Images
Cameron Ponsonby
Published: Wednesday, 1 November 2023 at 3:32 pm
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

Afghanistan play the Netherlands in Lucknow, with a semi-final spot still up for grabs for the former.

This is one for the purists. Two teams who have both punched above their weight in this competition going head to head, with a semi-final place on the line for Afghanistan - and a spot in the 2025 Champions Trophy available for the Netherlands.

Afghanistan had won just one World Cup match in their history before 2023. In this competition alone, they've won three. And what’s more, a win against the Dutch will put them on course for a potential straight shootout with Australia for a spot in the last four.

Watch Netherlands v Afghanistan on Sky Sports

But Afghanistan aren’t the only nation living a fairytale at this World Cup, with the Netherlands knocking over South Africa as well as Bangladesh, and in the process putting themselves in contention for a top eight finish and a spot in the 2025 Champions Trophy.

The Netherlands do not have Test cricket status. If they successfully reach the tournament designed only for the top eight cricketing nations in the world, it’ll be a monumental achievement - and one could financially change the landscape of the sport in the country.

More like this
What channel is New Zealand v Netherlands Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream

RadioTimes.com has rounded up everything you need to know about how to watch Netherlands v Afghanistan on TV and online, as well as our pick for key player to watch.

When is Netherlands v Afghanistan?

Netherlands v Afghanistan will take place on Friday 3rd November 2023.

Check out our Cricket World Cup on TV guide for the latest times and information.

Netherlands v Afghanistan UK time

Netherlands v Afghanistan will start at 8:30am.

What TV channel is Netherlands v Afghanistan on?

You can watch the match live on Sky Sports Cricket and Main Event from 8am.

You can add the Sky Sports Cricket channel for just £18 per month or pick up the complete sports package for just £25 per month.

Find out more about the best Sky packages
How to live stream Netherlands v Afghanistan online

Sky Sports customers can live stream the match via the Sky Go app on a variety of devices including most smartphones and tablets as part of their subscription.

You can also watch the match via NOW without signing up to a contract.

NOW can be streamed through a computer or apps found on most smart TVs, phones and consoles. NOW is also available via TNT Sports.

Listen to Netherlands v Afghanistan on radio

You can listen to the match on BBC Radio 5 Sports Extra, which is available on DAB radio or you can tune into the station via most TV packages.

You can also listen to Radio 5 Sports Extra via the BBC Sounds app, or online via the BBC Sport website and app.

Netherlands v Afghanistan key player to watch
Azmatullah Omarzai (Afghanistan)

Azmatullah still only has a handful of ODI caps to his name, but he has quickly become a key figure for this Afghanistan team, contributing vital middle order runs as well as a number of handy overs with the ball.

He has two half-centuries already this World Cup, and you’d be a brave man to bet against him finishing it with a few more.

Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

If you're looking for something else to watch, check out our TV Guide or Streaming Guide, or visit our Sport hub for all the latest news.

Try Radio Times magazine today and get 10 issues for only £10 – subscribe now and celebrate the 60th anniversary of Doctor Who with a special issue of Radio Times. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
Cameron Ponsonby
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is New Zealand v Netherlands Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream
What channel is Australia v Bangladesh Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? TV coverage, live stream and UK time
All about
2023 ICC Cricket World Cup (2023)

News, photos, videos and full episode guide

Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is New Zealand v Netherlands Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream
What channel is Australia v Bangladesh Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? TV coverage, live stream and UK time
What TV channel is Pakistan v South Africa Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream
What TV channel is India v New Zealand Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Four months FREE RHS membership!

Save 1/3, plus enjoy a £15 voucher for the RHS Cafés with this exclusive offer!

FIND OUT MORE
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2025
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/sport/cricket/netherlands-afghanistan-cricket-world-cup-2023-preview/ 
 ----- 
