Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
MLB Scores & Matchups Free Picks Odds Prop Projections Futures News & Analysis MLB Contest World Series Teams Players Standings Statistics Weather Umpires Injuries League Trends Print Sheets
Twins vs Rays Prediction, Picks & Odds for Today's MLB Game

The Minnesota Twins are jockeying for playoff positioning and are clinging to a wild-card position after losing two straight to the Tampa Bay Rays. The Twins can rebound in a big way with a win and they're sending ace Pablo Lopez to seal the deal.

Eric Rosales • Betting Analyst
Sep 5, 2024 • 08:42 ET • 4 min read

This article contains predictions for an old game!

Latest MLB Picks
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

In a battle for playoff positioning in the American League, the Minnesota Twins try to avoid a third straight loss in the finale of their four-game set with the Tampa Bay Rays.

Oddsmakers are backing the visitors, pegging Minnesota as -136 moneyline favorites, and my Twins vs. Rays predictions are following suit.

Check out our MLB picks below for this clash on Thursday, September 5.

Twins vs Rays prediction

My best bet
Twins moneyline (-135 at DraftKings)

My analysis

The Minnesota Twins have been an equal-opportunity loser in the last two games against the Tampa Bay Rays. After getting shut down in a 2-1 loss on Tuesday, they were thumped 9-4 on Wednesday.

Those losses have dropped them into a virtual tie for the second Wild Card with the Kansas City Royals — their opponent next series, in what will be must-see TV.

Today, they’ll turn to red-hot Pablo Lopez to earn a series split.

The 28-year-old Venezuelan sported a lights-out 1.71 ERA in August and has not allowed an earned run in three straight starts (20 2/3 innings). He last shut out the Blue Jays 2-0, working 7 2/3 innings of 6-hit ball, striking out three.

The Twins are 11th in the majors in runs scored, and they came to Lopez’s aid in his lone start against the Rays this year. Lopez lasted four innings and surrendered five earned runs, but Minnesota prevailed for a 7-5 win.

Barring an incredible run in its final 23 games, Tampa is most likely playing out the stretch. The Rays have gone 5-8 in their last 13, and sit six games back of the Twins in the wild-card chase, with four teams they’d still need to leapfrog.

The Rays have struggled offensively all year, ranking Bottom 3 in runs scored and Bottom 5 in hitting, slugging, and OPS.

They’ll look for a series win today with Taj Bradley going for them. The righty was rocked in August, taking the loss in four of his five starts and posting a 10.41 ERA. Bradley allowed at least five earned runs in four of his five August starts. Last time out, he was battered for eight hits and eight runs and couldn’t get out of the second inning in a 13-5 loss to the Padres.

Tampa has dominated this head-to-head, taking seven of the last 10 against the Twins, but this is the right time to go against those figures, as the pitching matchup tilts heavily in Minnesota’s favor.

MORE MLB PICKS

Twins vs Rays same-game parlay (SGP)

Twins moneyline

Royce Lewis 2+ total bases

Yandy Diaz 2+ total bases

+625 at DraftKings

It’s been a good week for Royce Lewis, who is hitting .316 with a home run, four RBI, and two runs scored. He went 1-for-3 in Wednesday’s loss and has hits in 11 of his last 13 games, with at least two total bases in three of five.

It’s a small sample, but the Twins’ third baseman has had success vs. Bradley, going 3-for-5 with a home run. A hot hitter vs. a struggling pitcher that he’s had success against at plus odds? Yes, please.

Yandy Diaz drilled his 13th home run of the season Wednesday, giving him four games with at least two total bases over his last eight. While Lopez has been stingy with the runs, he’s still hittable, surrendering at least six hits in four of his five August starts.

Diaz has picked up hits in 11 of his last 15 games, with three doubles and three home runs, so he’s capable of picking up two total bases with a swing of the bat.

Learn how to bet a same-game parlay with these helpful tips and strategies.

Twins vs Rays odds
Twins vs Rays live odds

Twins vs Rays opening odds
Moneyline: Minnesota -136 | Tampa Bay +116
Run line: Minnesota -1.5 (+126) | Tampa Bay +1.5 (-152)
Over/Under: Over 7.5 (+102) | Under 7.5 (-124)
Twins vs Rays moneyline and Over/Under analysis
Tampa has won four of the last five vs Minnesota, but money has come in on the visitors likely due to the lopsided pitching matchup.
Six of the Twins' last seven road games have hit the Over.
The Over has cashed in four of the last six head-to-heads.
Twins vs Rays trend

Minnesota is 38-22 as a moneyline favorite this season. Find more MLB betting trends for Twins vs. Rays.

Twins vs Rays game info
Location:	Tropicana Field, St. Petersburg, FL
Date:	Thursday, 9-5-2024
First pitch:	1:10 p.m. ET
TV:	Bally Sports North, Bally Sports Sun
Twins starting pitcher:	Pablo Lopez
(13-8, 4.05 ERA)
Rays starting pitcher:	Taj Bradley
(6-9, 4.35 ERA)
Twins vs Rays latest injuries

Twins vs Rays weather

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Our team of experts has thoroughly researched and handpicked each product that appears on our website. We may receive compensation if you sign up through our links.

Pages related to this topic
When Will Sports Betting Be Legal In Florida
Mississippi Sports Betting
Georgia Sports Betting
Minnesota Sports Betting
MLB Betting Sites
Best Florida Online Casinos
   
Eric Rosales
Betting Analyst

Eric has been involved in sports media in many different capacities since graduating from journalism school in 1999, back when getting your own column in a newspaper was still considered a thing. He doubled down and graduated from broadcast journalism school five years later, which led to a move to Toronto and a career with The Sports Network (TSN). From behind-the-scenes production work, he moved into the digital realm, where he had his own hoops column (At the Buzzer), while regularly live streaming and chatting with fans during broadcasts as the character known as LeBlog James. He was also a key contributor to TSN and CTV’s Olympic programming during the 2012 London Games.

Eric eventually found his way into the sports betting field in 2016 and has been a mainstay ever since. He was tagged on Twitter as a Top 10 NBA sharp during the 2021 season and has been interviewed about basketball and his handicapping process on shows from Vancouver to India. Eric is now a jack-of-all-sports at Covers, where his predictions span the alphabet soup: NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL, F1, WNBA, Euro, and Copa.

When making picks, he focuses on finding value first and foremost, and ensuring readers have all the information they need to make an informed choice.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Same-game parlay
Odds
Trend to know
Game info
Upcoming Picks
 Vikings vs Rams Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Jason Logan
Popular Content
 2025 Cy Young Odds: Burnes Joins NL Fray in Arizona
Jason Wilson | Jan 3, 2025
 2025 World Series Odds: Mets Put Chips in on Soto
Jason Wilson | Dec 13, 2024
 2025 MLB MVP Odds: Betting Lines for AL & NL MVP Race
Jason Wilson | Dec 11, 2024
 Juan Soto Next Team Odds: Weighing His Options
Jason Wilson | Dec 4, 2024
 2024 Rookie of the Year Odds: Skenes, Gil Win Honors
Jason Wilson | Nov 19, 2024
 World Series MVP Odds: Freeman Wins World Series MVP
Jason Wilson | Oct 31, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2025 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/mlb/twins-vs-rays-prediction-picks-today-thursday-9-5-2024 
 ----- 
