Menu
 Kim Klement Neitzel-Imagn Images
 Home/MLB Picks/Tampa Bay Rays vs Minnesota Twins Prediction 9-5-24 MLB Picks
MLB Picks
Tampa Bay Rays vs Minnesota Twins Prediction 9-5-24 MLB Picks
 Andrew 
Follow on X

Minnesota Twins (75-63) vs. Tampa Bay Rays (68-70)
September 5, 2024 1:10 pm EDT
The Line: Tampa Bay Rays +115 / Minnesota Twins -135; Over/Under: +7
(Get latest betting odds)

The Minnesota Twins and the Tampa Bay Rays meet Thursday in MLB action from Tropicana Field. Here’s a Tampa Bay Rays vs Minnesota Twins prediction. This will be the final installment in a four-game series. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best Rays vs Twins pick.

Minnesota Twins Betting Preview

The Twins played the Toronto Blue Jays in their last set. Minnesota managed to win two of those three matchups, then split the first pair of games versus Tampa Bay. In game three Wednesday, the Twins took a 9-4 loss. Louie Varland gave up eight earned in 2.1 innings on five hits and a walk.




In the starter slot for the Twins on Thursday it’ll be Pablo Lopez. This year Lopez is 13-8 with a 4.05 ERA in 27 starts. Lopez is 52-47 with a 3.89 ERA in 153 starts over his career. The Twins will take on the Royals and Angels after this series.


Tampa Bay Rays Betting Preview

Over on the Rays’ side, they took on the San Diego Padres over the weekend. Tampa Bay lost two of those three outings, winning only Saturday 11-4. On Wednesday the Rays were out-hit 11-9 in the victory. Starter Cole Sulser finished with 2.0 clean frames and one hit.

The starter for Tampa Bay on Thursday will be Taj Bradley. So far Bradley is 6-9 with a 4.35 ERA in 20 starts. Bradley is 11-17 with a 4.95 ERA in 43 career games (41 starts).

Total Runs Facts
Six of the Twins’ last seven road games after playing the previous day have gone OVER the total runs line.
Each of the Rays’ last three games as underdogs against American League opponents has gone OVER the total runs line.
The ‘Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs’ market has hit in each of the Rays’ last eight-day games against AL Central opponents.
Tampa Bay Rays Player Prop Facts
Jose Siri has hit a home run in each of his last two appearances in day games against AL Central teams that held a winning record.
Josh Lowe has recorded at least one hit in each of his eight previous home appearances against the Twins.
Brandon Lowe has recorded at least one Single in each of the Rays’ last five-day games against opponents that held a winning record.
Josh Lowe has recorded at least one total base in each of his eight previous home appearances against the Twins.
Jose Siri has recorded an RBI in each of his last three appearances in day games against AL Central teams that held a winning record.
Brandon Lowe has scored at least one run in each of the Rays’ last five games as home underdogs.
Minnesota Twins Player Prop Facts
Pablo Lopez has recorded six or more strikeouts in nine of his 10 previous road appearances against AL East opponents.
Ryan Jeffers has recorded a Single in eight of his last nine appearances in day games against AL teams that held a losing record.
Carlos Correa has recorded at least one total base in each of his last nine appearances against opponents that held a losing record.
Pablo Lopez has recorded a win in each of his last five appearances with the Twins as favorites.
Carlos Santana has recorded at least one RBI in seven of his last eight road appearances against AL East opponents.
Byron Buxton has scored at least one run in nine of his last 10 appearances in day games against teams that held a losing record.
Carlos Santana has hit a home run in five of the Twins’ last six road games against AL East opponents that held a losing record.
Byron Buxton has recorded a Double in each of his last five appearances in day games against AL teams that held a losing record.
Carlos Correa has recorded at least one hit in each of his last nine appearances against opponents that held a losing record.
Tampa Bay Rays vs Minnesota Twins Prediction

I’m going to stay with the Twins. Lopez is doing great over his last three starts. In that trio he’s got zero earned runs in 20.2 innings, going 2-0. As for Bradley, he’s struggled over his last three with 16 earned runs in 14.1 total innings for an 0-2 record.

On Wednesday the Twins couldn’t dig out of the hole left by the eight-run fourth inning. Minnesota showed some life in the seventh inning with four runs and it wasn’t a bad effort otherwise, though. I like the Twins to return to form on Thursday.

Andrew's Free Pick: Minnesota Twins -135
Need More? Get Premium Picks
Minnesota Twins Tampa Bay Rays
 Share
Facebook
 
X
 
Reddit
 
Share via Email
Andrew
Andrew has been writing about college, professional and fantasy sports betting since 2013. Andrew's goal is to break down the complicated numbers and trends into a language that's easily accessible to novice sports bettors and seasoned professionals alike.
Website
X
Related Articles
PrizePicks MLB 6-Pick Power Play – LAD at NYY – World Series Game 5 – 10/30/24
FanDuel MLB Single Game Showdown – LAD at NYY – World Series Game 5 – 10/30/24
Draftkings MLB Showdown Picks: Dodgers vs. Yankees 10/30/24
Sportsbooks Reviews
DraftKings
Read Review
FanDuel
Read Review
Caesars
Read Review
BetMGM
Read Review
PointsBet
Read Review
Sports Chat Place is the original free picks and sports betting news site delivering today’s best bets and free sports picks and predictions. Our coverage includes sports betting odds and parlays, underdogs, and expert handicappers. Are you a HIGH Limit Sports Bettor? Call 1-888-419-0435 We are doing what we love to do -- putting people on winning sports bets. Are you a HIGH Limit Sports Bettor? Call 1-888-419-0435
How to Bet on Sports
What is Sports Chat Place?
The SCP Betting Experts
We’re Looking for Sports Writers
Copyright & Privacy Policy
Advertise
Subscribe to our Feed

© Copyright 2025, All Rights Reserved  |  Sports Chat Place / Dawn Patrol, LLC. | 18+

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline 1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org

Back to top button
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportschatplace.com/mlb-picks/tampa-bay-rays-vs-minnesota-twins-prediction-9-5-24-mlb-picks/ 
 ----- 
