Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
FEDERAL POLITICS
Should the truck driver who caused the deadly Humboldt crash be allowed to stay in Canada? His MP says yes — and is trying to rally Canadians to his side

MP speaks out on behalf of Jaskirat Singh Sidhu, who he says has atoned for his role in a crash that shook the country.

Updated June 7, 2024 at 4:10 p.m.
June 6, 2024
3 min read
Save

Jaskirat Singh Sidhu is shown at his home in Calgary on Dec. 20, 2022.

Todd Korol for the Toronto Star
By Alex BoydStaff Reporter

CALGARY — As the countdown to deportation begins for the driver who caused the devastating crash that killed 16 players and staff of the Humboldt Broncos, a Calgary member of Parliament is hoping to rally support in a last-ditch bid for forgiveness. 

George Chahal says he feels a moral obligation to speak out on behalf of Jaskirat Singh Sidhu, who he argues has atoned for his role in a crash that shook the country.

“He has gone through the judicial system, fully cooperated, was released with full parole, has worked here in the community to provide for his family — and just wants an opportunity to be able to remain,” he said.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Chahal represents the northeast Calgary riding where Sidhu and his wife and young child live. He plans to travel across the country in an attempt to build a “coalition of support” for Sidhu, who had only been a commercial driver for a couple of weeks when he drove a truck loaded with peat moss through a stop sign in rural Saskatchewan. Sidhu was sentenced to eight years in prison after pleading guilty to dangerous driving charges, and released on parole in 2023.

The crash struck a national nerve, raising questions about the meaning of justice in such an extraordinary case. Sidhu has long sought to remain in Canada, arguing he accepted his prison sentence without question. 

The Canada Border Services Agency had previously acknowledged the argument for letting him stay — that he had no prior criminal record and was unlikely to do something like this again — but concluded those factors shouldn’t outweigh the deadly consequences of the crash.

The CBSA referred his case to the Immigration and Refugee Board. There, several years of legal wrangling came to a head last month when it ordered him deported to his native India. 

Under Canadian law, permanent residents may not be allowed to remain in the country and may face deportation if they’ve committed a serious crime that results in them being imprisoned for more than six months. Sidhu moved to Canada in 2014 and is not a Canadian citizen.

In past interviews, the family members of crash victims have been split over whether or not Sidhu should be allowed to stay. Chris Joseph, whose 20-year-old Jaxon was killed, told The Canadian Press at the time that the deportation ruling was a relief. 

“This is not a death sentence that some people want to make it out to be. He’s simply just lost the privilege to stay in this country,” Joseph said. 

But Scott Thomas, whose 18-year-old son Evan was also killed, is among those who have forgiven Sidhu, and are advocating for him being allowed to stay in Canada.

Although Sidhu has been ordered deported, that process could take months or even years. In the meantime, he is no longer able to work and a pre-removal risk assessment — which will examine the dangers he would face in India — is getting underway.

While Chahal acknowledges the unimaginable pain that many of the Humboldt families are dealing with, he counters that the process that decided Sidhu must leave Canada doesn’t consider humanitarian or compassionate grounds. During the 15-minute virtual hearing, Trent Cook, a member of the board, pointed out that that wasn’t part of his mandate. 

But there is another process by which the government might consider factors like Sidhu’s remorse. His lawyer, Michael Green, says Sidhu will file an application asking Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada to let him stay on humanitarian grounds, a process which would look at things like whether or not he poses a danger to the public.

While Chahal said it would be technically possible for the immigration minister to intervene, a spokesperson for Immigration Minister Marc Miller declined to comment, citing privacy.

It’s this process that Chahal says he is hoping to explain to colleagues and members of the public.

“This was a tragic accident that occurred, and he’s fully cooperated,” Chahal said. “Taking him away from his wife and child, or putting his child’s life at risk, it is a concern of mine.”

Sidhu originally hails from northwest India, near the border with Pakistan, where his family still has a farm. He has previously argued that if he goes back, he will not be able to get the mental health treatment he depends on to cope with flashbacks of the crash. 

The needs of his young son, who was born with heart and lung problems that are being treated by doctors in Calgary, add to the stakes. Sidhu’s wife, Tanvir Mann, is a Canadian citizen. While she has said she will go to India with her husband if he is deported, Greene says their son’s health-care requirements complicate that decision. 

“His child is unhealthy enough that he couldn’t travel and India would not be a safe place for him,” Greene said. 

In the meantime, Chahal says he’s appealing on Sidhu’s behalf to the compassion of Canadians, in the hope that “we can give him an opportunity to be with his wife and child and, and be able to forgive him.”

With files from The Canadian Press

Clarification - June 7, 2024

This article was edited from a previous version to make clear that under Canadian law, permanent residents may face deportation if they’ve committed a serious crime that results in them being imprisoned for more than six months. 

Alex Boyd is a Calgary-based reporter for the Star. Follow her on Twitter: @alex_n_boyd.

 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
REAL ESTATE
After 8 months on market and $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
21 hrs ago
STAR EXCLUSIVE
A boy created AI-generated porn with the faces of girls he knew. Why Toronto police said he didn’t break the law
10 hrs ago
CANADA
Canada vows to crack down on international student program abuse amid India’s allegations of human smuggling
8 hrs ago
STAR COLUMNISTS
OPINION
Althia Raj: The Liberals’ focus is no longer on whether Justin Trudeau should resign. The debate is now about how to replace him
21 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Shannon Gormley: Canada’s fake feminist prime minister is running out of women to use as props
6 hrs ago
REAL ESTATE
‘Modern masterpiece’: This $16.5-million Bridle Path home has a theatre, elevator — and 10 parking spots
9 hrs ago
AUTOS
The best compact car just got better. And it’s now available as a hybrid
12 hrs ago
OPINION
Jordan Himelfarb: My dad used to run Canada’s public service. As the Star’s opinion editor, I asked him what he got wrong, how he turned left — and why he keeps needling me about my work
6 hrs ago
More from The Star & partners
More Politics
POLITICS
How some men are trying to fight online misogyny amid ‘your body, my choice’ rhetoric
Article was updated 5 hrs ago
Comments
BRITISH COLUMBIA
B.C. man who flipped 14 homes in four years is fined $2M for tax evasion
Dec 27, 2024
Comments
FEDERAL POLITICS
Criminologist says Canada should better track foreign student departures
Article was updated 9 hrs ago
Comments
FEDERAL POLITICS
Gerry Butts says Trudeau less likely to remain leader since Freeland quit
Article was updated 23 hrs ago
Comments
POLITICS
LeBlanc and Joly offer little details about visit with Trump’s team in Florida
Article was updated Dec 27, 2024
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
CANADA
Canada is cracking down on ‘flagpoling’ at the border. What is it?
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/politics/federal/should-the-truck-driver-who-caused-the-deadly-humboldt-crash-be-allowed-to-stay-in/article_1a5866f0-242b-11ef-93bb-b3ee48567c2d.html 
 ----- 
