SKIP TO CONTENT
SKIP TO SITE INDEX
SEARCH & SECTION NAVIGATION
SUBSCRIBE FOR $1/WEEK

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
Venezuelan Opposition Names New Candidate in Show of Unity

The announcement that Corina Yoris would run came as a surprise to many who had feared that a fractured opposition would benefit President Nicolás Maduro.

Share full article
Corina Yoris, a philosophy professor, right, and the former lawmaker María Corina Machado. They announced on Friday in Caracas, Venezuela, that Ms. Yoris would run against President Nicolas Maduro.
Credit...
Gaby Oraa/Reuters

By Genevieve Glatsky and Isayen Herrera

Genevieve Glatsky reported from Bogotá, Colombia, and Isayen Herrera from Caracas, Venezuela.

Published March 22, 2024
Updated March 23, 2024

Venezuela’s embattled opposition announced on Friday that it was naming a new candidate to face off against President Nicolas Maduro this summer, giving renewed hope to the country’s push toward democracy.

The country’s highest court in January barred the previous candidate, the former lawmaker María Corina Machado, from running, leading many Venezuelans to question how free and fair the election would be. The decision raised questions over whether Ms. Machado’s party, Come Venezuela, would try to insist on her candidacy or coalesce around another candidate.

On Friday. leaders of several opposition parties announced that Corina Yoris, a philosophy professor, would run instead in the elections on July 28, a move that analysts saw as a surprising show of unity.

“This is huge,” said Laura Dib, who directs the Venezuela program at the Washington Office on Latin America, a human rights organization. “It is truly amazing to see the opposition united around a single strategy and showing that they are not backing off.”

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

In October, Mr. Maduro signed an accord with the country’s opposition and agreed to work toward a free and fair presidential vote. In the agreement, Mr. Maduro said he would hold an election before the end of this year, and, in exchange, the United States lifted some economic sanctions as a sign of good will.

But days later, Ms. Machado won more than 90 percent of the vote to choose an opposition candidate, in a primary election run by a commission without the involvement of the government. The decisive results emphasized her popularity and raised the prospect that she could beat Mr. Maduro in a general election.

Three months later, the country’s top court, filled with government loyalists, declared Ms. Machado ineligible to run over what the judges claimed were financial irregularities that occurred when she was a national legislator. The government also arrested several members of her campaign. Men on motorbikes have attacked supporters at her events.

Ms. Machado made Friday’s announcement in a news conference alongside Ms. Yoris just days before the March 25 deadline to register.

“We have found a person of my total trust, honorable, who is going to fulfill this procedure,” Ms. Machado said. “This was a decision that arose from within the discussion of the unitary forces and that gives us all confidence.”

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

Ms. Yoris was a member of the commission that helped organize October’s primary, raising speculation that the government might not allow her to register as a candidate. The government has questioned the opposition primary’s legitimacy and has taken legal aim at its organizers.

The fact that the head of another rival opposition party, Omar Barboza, opened the conference was a further show of unity, Ms. Dib said.

“We are heading toward a transition path in Venezuela,” Ms. Yoris said. “We are all necessary at this moment.”

Julie Turkewitz contributed reporting from Santander, Colombia.

A version of this article appears in print on March 24, 2024, Section A, Page 11 of the New York edition with the headline: Venezuelan Opposition Names Unity Candidate. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
See more on: Maria Corina Machado, Nicolás Maduro
Share full article

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
Site Index
Site Information Navigation
© 2024 The New York Times Company
NYTCoContact UsAccessibilityWork with usAdvertiseT Brand StudioYour Ad ChoicesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptions
We’ve updated our terms

We encourage you to review our updated Terms of Sale, Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy. By continuing, you agree to the updated Terms listed here.

Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/2024/03/22/world/americas/venezuela-election-corina-yoris.html 
 ----- 
