Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
International Friendlies 2022-23
El Salvador vs Peru Prediction and Betting Tips | June 14th 2024
El Salvador vs Peru Prediction and Betting Tips | June 14th 2024
By
Joshua Ojele
Modified Jun 13, 2024 05:08 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Peru and El Salvador square off in a friendly on Friday

Peru and El Salvador go head-to-head in a friendly at the Subaru Park on Friday. With their Copa America opener against Chile on the horizon, Jorge Fossati’s men will head into the weekend looking to wrap up their warm-up fixtures on a positive note.

Peru were denied a third win on the bounce last Friday as they played out a goalless draw with Paraguay at the Estadio Monumental.

With that result, Fossati’s side have now gone unbeaten in four consecutive matches across all competitions, claiming two wins and two draws since November’s 2-0 defeat against Bolivia.

Peru will look to pick up a morale-boosting result this weekend as they ramp up preparations for the upcoming Copa America, where they have been drawn in Group A alongside Chile, Canada and reigning world champions Argentina.

Trending

El Salvador, meanwhile, turned in a solid team performance last weekend as they cruised to a 3-1 victory over Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.

This was a much-needed respite for David Dóniga’s men, who had failed to win their previous 21 matches across all competitions, losing 11 and claiming 10 draws since June 2022.

El Salvador, who are currently 81st in the latest FIFA World Rankings, head into Friday’s clash looking to secure back-to-back wins for the first time since July 2021

El Salvador vs Peru Head-To-Head and Key Numbers
Peru hold the upper hand in the history of this fixture, having won four of the last six meetings between the two nations.
El Salvador have picked up two wins in that time, most recently in March 2019, when they beat Fossati’s men 2-0 at the Robert F Kennedy Memorial Stadium.
Peru are unbeaten in all but one of their last six friendlies, claiming three wins and two draws since March 2024.
El Salvador are unbeaten in four of their last five matches across all competitions, claiming three draws and one win since March 21.
El Salvador vs Peru Prediction

While El Salvador will be looking to pick up where they left off last weekend, they have the stern challenge of taking on Peru who are unbeaten in their last four games.

We predict Fossati’s side will do just enough to secure the win, which should take them into the Copa America with sky-high confidence.

Prediction: El Salvador 1-3 Peru

El Salvador vs Peru Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Peru to win

Tip 2: Both sides to score - Yes (Peru have failed to keep a clean sheet in five of their previous six games against El Salvador)

Tip 3: Over 10.5 corners - No (There have also been fewer than 11 corner kicks in five of Peru’s last six matches)

Quick Links

International Friendlies 2022-23 Peru Football El Salvador Football Team
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/el-salvador-vs-peru-prediction-betting-tips-june-14th-2024 
 ----- 
