MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Is it over yet? The Chicago Cubs have shown they’re simply not good enough
By Patrick Mooney
Sep 16, 2024

232

DENVER — The Chicago Cubs have lost the nerds. According to FanGraphs’ calculations, the team’s playoff odds had dropped to 0 percent by Sunday morning. With two weeks left in the season, the Baseball Reference model said there was a 0.4 percent chance. It’s essentially over.

Not that you could tell walking into Coors Field’s visiting clubhouse after crushing back-to-back losses to the Colorado Rockies. Maintaining emotional equilibrium and a sharp focus on the next game is a team strength, players have repeatedly insisted. Their preparation and collaboration with the coaching staff have led to significant in-season improvements and turnarounds. The players also stand at their lockers and acknowledge that their overall performance simply hasn’t been good enough.

“I agree,” Cubs manager Craig Counsell said. “They’re right.”

That’s as far as Counsell wanted to go during Sunday’s pregame media session in the dugout. The Cubs avoided the sweep with a 6-2 victory — veteran pitcher Kyle Hendricks showed he still has something left with a vintage quality start and rookie first baseman Michael Busch blasted two home runs — but the damage had already been done. With the win over a last-place team on getaway day, FanGraphs boosted the Cubs’ playoff probability to 0.1 percent.

The sport’s highest-paid manager has been mostly pleased with the team’s clubhouse dynamics and resolute attitude and the emergence of young talent. But those areas weren’t really issues when president of baseball operations Jed Hoyer shockingly fired David Ross last November and signed Counsell to a five-year, $40 million contract that stunned the Milwaukee Brewers and the entire baseball industry.

No two teams are exactly alike, but Hoyer’s front office brought back a largely similar group of personnel to work with a different manager, hoping to squeeze more out of the 83-win team that missed last year’s playoffs by one game. The 2024 Cubs were supposed to win more one-run games (21-27), figure out the bullpen faster (24 blown saves) and peak at the right time (6-7 in September). It sounded good in theory.

Does it feel like the Cubs are building something here? Can the process be that sound when the results aren’t there? What truly matters now when everyone starts next season at zero? Counsell isn’t prepared to answer those types of questions yet: “I don’t want to send a message that we’re done when we’re not done.”

Fair enough. There will be plenty of time to analyze why Counsell’s old team has spent every day since the end of April in first place. The Cubs’ ownership group and business executives surely must be wondering why the Brewers still controlled the National League Central even with their small-market payroll.

Hoyer’s rational, measured approach to roster construction has led to several good players having 2- and 3-plus-WAR seasons, but nobody who will get serious MVP consideration this year. That philosophy will also leave the Cubs with the financial flexibility to sign big-name free agents and the prospects to make blockbuster trades. There will be a wide array of options this winter to build off a solid foundation.

“The group has been pretty resilient,” Cubs second baseman Nico Hoerner said. “I know that’s an overused word, probably. But there’s a lot of points in this year where things could have gone pretty sour. We’re definitely not happy with where we are in the standings and things like that. We didn’t set out to be in the wild-card race. The goal is to win divisions and dominate.

“But I do appreciate the group’s ability to continue to make the most of the next day, whatever is thrown at us. There were some situations where things could have really gone south. The prep and the continuity and those things that breed consistency have been really impressive.”

The Cubs did not have enough talent and depth to overcome all of their injuries. Effective relievers can come from anywhere — the waiver wire, late rounds in the draft, small trades and minor-league deals — but they were seemingly nowhere to be found in too many of the highest-leverage moments of the season. An offense without a superstar in the middle of the lineup was too inconsistent during a season in which Wrigley Field inexplicably became a brutal place to hit.

The Cubs, for example, could finish the season with a 13-0 run and still miss the playoffs if the New York Mets go 8-5 down the stretch. The Cubs (76-73) would also lose tiebreakers against the Atlanta Braves, Arizona Diamondbacks and San Diego Padres. Though their remaining schedule is relatively easy, the Cubs can’t make up ground with head-to-head competition against those wild-card contenders.

“It’s definitely tough,” Cubs pitcher Jameson Taillon said after Saturday night’s walk-off loss in the 10th inning. “But we’ve been in tough spots throughout this year and it’s a group of pros. We’ll come in tomorrow and keep our heads down and go to work and see what happens. I don’t anticipate anyone having a hangover.

“We’ve lost plenty of heartbreakers this year. It’s never easier, but we are where we are. Being emotional about it doesn’t really change anything. It stinks, but we got to show up tomorrow and (do our jobs).”

A few minutes later and several lockers over, Pete Crow-Armstrong remembered a moment from spring training that applied to this situation: “Couns said that all he wanted from me was to have the trust in me to go make the next play.” The rookie center fielder has followed those instructions, playing Gold Glove-caliber defense, using his speed to steal 27 bases, finding a good hitting routine (10 home runs) and making second-half adjustments.

“I’ve had that on my mind all year,” Crow-Armstrong said. “I haven’t done this before, so I don’t know if you need a sense of urgency or what. But you can’t let this game define the last two weeks. And it won’t. This is a group that shows up to the park and does the same work every day. They’re ready to go play whoever.”

The Cubs have to hope that patience, a sense of purpose and calmness will pay off in the future. Because the entirety of this operation has not delivered a postseason win since 2017. And in professional sports, no one cares if you try hard.

(Photo of Seiya Suzuki: Ronald Martinez / Getty Images)

Patrick Mooney is a senior writer for The Athletic covering the Chicago Cubs and Major League Baseball. He spent eight seasons covering the Cubs across multiple platforms for NBC Sports Chicago/Comcast SportsNet, beginning in 2010. He has been a frequent contributor to MLB Network, Baseball America, MLB.com and the Chicago Sun-Times News Group. Follow Patrick on Twitter @PJ_Mooney

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5769610/2024/09/16/chicago-cubs-playoff-odds/ 
 ----- 
