Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Chicago Cubs Offense Continues to Put Together Historic Efforts on Road
The Chicago Cubs continue to roll on the road, beating the Colorado Rockies on Sunday.
Brady Farkas | Sep 16, 2024
Chicago Cubs first baseman Michael Busch (29) gestures as he rounds the bases on a solo home run in the seventh inning against the Colorado Rockies at Coors Field on Sept 15. / Isaiah J. Downing-Imagn Images
In this story:
Chicago Cubs

The Chicago Cubs beat the Colorado Rockies 6-2 on Sunday afternoon at Coors Field. The win moved the Cubs to 76-73 on the season while the loss dropped the Rockies to 57-93, one of the three worst records in the entire league.

In addition to the win, the Cubs made history with their offensive output.

Per Christopher Kamka of the Marquee Sports Network:

The Cubs have now scored 5+ runs in 12 straight road games - a new franchise record.

The last time they had 11 in a row was July-August, 1889.

Now, it certainly helps when you play at Coors Field, but this series was just a small portion of those 12 road games. In this win, the Cubs pounded out 11 hits and hit three home runs. Michael Busch had two of them while rookie Pete Crow-Armstrong had one as well. It was his 10th.

The Cubs also utilized the run game in the win, getting stolen bases from Nick Hoerner, Seiya Suzuki and Dansby Swanson.

The Cubs offensive explosions have been nice, but they are likely too little, too late. Chicago is still mathemetically alive in the National League wild card race, but they are 5.0 games back of both the New York Mets and Atlanta Braves for the final spot.

The Cubs will be back in action on Monday night when they host the Oakland Athletics at Wrigley Field. While the A's have played better of late, they just lost two of three to the lowly Chicago White Sox.

First pitch is 7:40 pm. ET.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 16, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/chicago-cubs-offense-continues-to-put-together-historic-efforts-on-road-by-getting-five-or-more-runs-in-12-straight-games 
 ----- 
