Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
MRI clean, but Lindor (back) out of lineup a day after departing early
Share
MRI clean, but Lindor (back) out of lineup a day after departing early
September 16th, 2024

Matthew Ritchie

@mkrwrt
Share
;

6 SECONDS REMAINING

NEW YORK -- The Mets breathed a collective sigh of relief on Monday ahead of a pivotal seven-game homestand against the Nationals and Phillies after receiving news that Francisco Lindor’s prognosis on his lower back soreness wasn’t too serious.

After being removed from Sunday’s series finale at Citizens Bank Park after one inning, Lindor underwent MRI imaging to determine the severity of the lower-back pain that had been bothering him for at least 10 days. The results showed no structural damage, with the plan moving forward involving rest and treatment. Lindor was not in the starting lineup for Monday's series opener vs. the Nationals, with Jose Iglesias stepping in at shortstop and as the team's leadoff hitter.

“I still have a little bit of pain, but we had good news,” Lindor said. “Everything seems like it’s good, it could be three to five days, or it could be two to three -- depends on how my back reacts.”

Lindor shared that the pain he’s been experiencing has shifted depending on the day, ranging from tightness and soreness after the game, to a dull pain during games. He doesn’t believe the game action over the past couple of days did anything to aggravate the injury, but said that there were moments where the pain became more noticeable.

“I felt fine, I felt good -- it wasn’t like a freak accident where I reinjured it. It just got tight on me,” Lindor said. “I just felt like I could play through it. And the next thing you know, I didn’t feel comfortable enough to stay on the field. When I can’t stay on the field to do what I love most, which is play defense, that’s when I said something. When I was a little timid on the ground balls.”

After discussions with team doctors, Lindor does not currently need a shot or injection in his back. In the immediate future, it’s about pain tolerance and passing mobility tests while showing up as asymptomatic during baseball activities.

Lindor is optimistic that he should be back before the regular season ends.

Related
Ohtani's epic 50-50 game leads list of Capital One Plays of the Year

December 31st, 2024

The 10 signature players of the 2024 season

December 23rd, 2024

Back to his roots at Montverde, Lindor talks Soto, Alonso's decision

December 19th, 2024

Peterson among 6 Mets to avoid arbitration with 1-year contracts

January 9th, 2025

'I don't take it lightly': Wright humbled as he looks toward Mets immortality

January 8th, 2025

Horwitz lauds 'one of a kind' Wright for earning Mets honor

January 7th, 2025

“Honestly, relief. Really good news,” manager Carlos Mendoza said. “... I think we got the best news. Like [Lindor] said, it could be three to five [days], two to three, who knows? But the hope is that he’ll be a player for us before the year is over. So, I was expecting the worst to be honest.”

For the time being, Luisangel Acuña and Iglesias are the contingency options at shortstop, with Iglesias continuing to handle second base duties as well. Lindor’s value to the Mets is immense -- he’s played in 148 of New York’s 149 games this season entering Monday, and ranks fifth in the Majors in fWAR (7.4) while slashing .271/.342/.494 with 31 homers and 27 stolen bases.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Francisco Lindor
New York Mets
You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/francisco-lindor-out-for-mets-with-sore-back-sept-16 
 ----- 
