English
HomeLatest NewsWebstoryDNA HindiAutomobileEducationVideosBusinessPhotosIndia
ADVERTISEMENT
Headlines

Flipkart co-founder Sachin Bansal to sell his Rs 8574167410 stake in THIS company, plans to invest in...

Boney Kapoor's cameo in Janhvi Kapoor, Khushi Kapoor's Loveyapa video wins hearts; Arjun Kapoor, Varun Dhawan react

Mahakumbh Mela 2025: 13-year-old aspiring to be IAS officer 'renounces world' to become sadhvi

Centre to build memorial for late President Pranab Mukherjee here, daughter Sharmistha Mukherjee expresses happiness

Months after Ratan Tata's death, Tata company gets approval to acquire majority stake in Apple's...

Bigg Boss 18: Chahat Pandey's mother challenges makers to find her boyfriend, will give them whopping amount of...

Ajith Kumar's car crashes during racing practice in Dubai, shocking video goes viral

Explained: Why Tibet witnessed massive 6.8-magnitude earthquake that killed 126

Delhi govt issues Modal Code of Conduct guidelines after polls date announced; check here

'Won't be a surprise': Sunil Gavaskar on India selectors taking 'bold decision' after WTC heartbreak

Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh pose together at airport in viral video, paps call them 'Dua ke Mummy Papa'

Pushpa 2: Extended Cut! Allu Arjun's film gets additional 20 minutes of footage, reloaded version to release on...

'Sachin nahi kar sakta tha': Vinod Kambli recalls he once hit six on first ball

6.8-magnitude earthquake hits Tibet: Death toll rises to 126 people, over 180 injured

How Kapil Dev can solve Vinod Kambli's financial issues in just one day

'No flirting with...': Pune cafe's bizarre rules will leave you surprised; check here

Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah's Sodhi aka Gurucharan Singh hospitalised, shares heartwrenching video ​

Why Delhi Assembly elections scheduled on Wednesday; Know what CEC Rajiv Kumar said

Meet new Shark Tank India judge, who sold his house to fund startup, then built Rs 1000 crore empire, he is...

Building Consumer Trust in the Digital Ecosystem Through Whitelisting

Aamir Khan vows to quit smoking on a condition, if his son Junaid Khan...

Clog London: From resilience to profitability

Theatre actor Alok Chatterjee dies at 63, Irrfan Khan's NSD batchmate passes away on his birth anniversary

'For those who...': Yuzvendra Chahal drops another cryptic post amid divorce rumours with Dhanashree Verma

Amitabh Bachchan couldn't sleep for two days after Aishwarya Rai was injured, arranged Anil Ambani's private plane to...

Kangana Ranaut's playful banter with paparazzi over her nephew Ashwatthama's hair: 'Aapki tarah star...'

'India would save more years...': US millionaire Bryan Johnson's advice to India on tackling air pollution

'99% won't show up to work if...': Bombay Shaving Company founder, CEO makes BIG claim

Bigg Boss 18: Shilpa Shirodkar breaks down after Karan Veer Mehra questions her friendship, says 'aapko sharam...'

'Kya pata kal...': CEC Rajiv Kumar replies on EVMs during Delhi Election dates announcement goes viral

'Squid Game got exposed': Fans notice major goof-up in crucial scene of second season

Payal Kapadia opens up on All We Imagine As Light losing at Golden Globes 2025: 'We didn't win but...'

Maharashtra govt makes FASTag mandatory at all toll plazas from THIS date; check details

India's biggest flop of 2024 will now compete for Best Picture at Oscars 2025; not Baby John, Maidaan, Indian 2, Jigra

Maha Kumbh Mela 2025: Check dates of Shahi snan, history, significance and more

Ranbir Kapoor takes his swanky new red Mercedes-Benz AMG SL55 worth Rs 3 crore for a spin; Watch

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella announces Rs 25720 crore investment in India, company to train 1 crore people in...

Video of fog cloaking high rise buildings in Noida goes viral, netizens call it 'swarg', WATCH here

HMPV virus: Dos and don’ts to contain the spread of Human Metapneumovirus

Ram Kapoor breaks silence on claims of using Ozempic for losing 55 kg weight: 'It is not wrong to...'

Mukesh Ambani's father Dhirubhai Ambani had achieved impossible feat 25 years ago by setting up…

Bollywood's fav Gynac Dr Rustom Soonawala used to charge Rs…

Neeraj Chopra net worth: Collection of luxury cars, superbikes, bungalow worth Rs...

Ibrahim Ali Khan has epic reply to fan claiming 'he is a big actor' ahead of his debut: Watch

Spider-Man co stars Tom Holland and Zendaya are engaged: Know details of the proposal and when he popped the question

Kerala State Lottery Result Today January 7 LIVE: Know winning numbers of Sthree Sakthi SS 449

Will Smith to star in The Matrix? Actor's cryptic social media post leaves fans speculating

Delhi assembly election 2025 schedule announced by EC, voting on February 5, counting of votes on February 8

HMPV virus cases in India: Centre asks states to increase surveillance for respiratory diseases and...

Former WHO chief scientist Soumya Swaminathan has THIS advice amid rising HMPV cases: 'We should all take...'

'I'm ashamed as...': Lyricist Anantha Sriram slams Kalki 2898 AD for portraying Karna 'superior' to Arjuna

Amit Shah launches BHARATPOL: Here's how it will help probe agencies access records of wanted accused easily

SC grants interim bail to self-styled godman Asaram on medical grounds till March 31 in 2013 rape case

Allu Arjun finally meets 8-year-old Pushpa 2 stampede victim Sri Teja at Hyderabad's KIMS Hospital, watch

Meet Salman, Aamir's heroine who quit acting at peak of career, went through bitter breakup with co star, then married..

Salman Khan's balcony gets upgraded with bulletproof glass amid death threats from Lawrence Bishnoi: Watch

Meet Chhotu Baba, who hasn't taken bath for 32 yrs becomes centre of attraction at Mahakumbh Mela 2025, his height is...

Meet lesser-known brother of Elon Musk, co-founded THIS company with Tesla CEO, later sold it for..., now works as...

'Govinda would arrive at 9 pm for 9 am shoot': Shakti Kapoor makes shocking revelation, says 'insecurity aadmi ko..'

'Very happy to wake up everyday as World Champion...,' says emotional D Gukesh at WACA celebrations

Rent of one-bedroom flat in Dubai's Burj Khalifa will leave you SHOCKED, it is Rs...

When will Makar Sankranti, Lohri, Pongal, Bihu be celebrated? Check dates, rituals

Meet billionaire who is set to launch pre-school in 2025, not Mukesh Ambani, Gautam Adani, Anand Mahindra, he is...

Got an Apple device? THESE users may be eligible for payout in Rs 814 crore class action lawsuit, check eligibility

Indian genius Tathagat Avatar Tulsi who became IIT professor at 22 was sacked from job, know what he is doing now

HMPV cases in India live updates: Tally reaches 7, can it become a pandemic?

Meet man who became billionaire at 23, is now richer than Oracle's Larry Ellison, has this Mukesh Ambani connection...

Meet Akshay Kumar's niece Simar Bhatia who is set to make her Bollywood debut before his children, will star in...

Sutapa Sikdar REVEALS husband Irrfan Khan's dream 5 years after his death, says actor wanted to..

The Rock Returns: WWE Raw on Netflix era begins with a bang, watch video

Over 50 dead, several injured as powerful earthquake strikes Tibet, tremors felt in India

Shillong Teer Results TODAY January 7, 2025 Live Updates: Winning Numbers For Shillong Teer, Morning Teer, Juwai Teer

AR Rahman, KM Music Conservatory announce Bharat Maestro Awards: 'The greatest joy of guru is...'

This actor wanted to be cricketer, once worked at Rajesh Khanna's house as electrician, died young due to..

'Cousin died of leukemia, grandpa of bowel cancer': Why Pink Test is special for Konstas who had spat with Virat Kohli

Amid divorce rumours with Dhanashree Verma, Yuzvendra Chahal gets spotted with mystery girl at Mumbai hotel, avoids..

'What a great nation it would be': Donald Trump reacts to Canada PM Justin Trudeau's resignation

These two superstar actresses were in love with THIS actor, all three stars are still single despite crossing 40; they..

Meet Anita Anand, Indian-origin MP among frontrunners to replace Justin Trudeau as Canada PM

Earthquake of 7.1 magnitude jolts Nepal; tremors felt in parts of India

Sana Khan, Anas Saiyad become parents again, welcome baby boy: 'We are overjoyed...'

Rubina Dilaik reveals why she left Mumbai, shifted to Himachal Pradesh with daughters Jeeva, Edhaa: 'Humein unhein...'

Justin Trudeau announces resignation: What it means for India-Canada relations?

Bigg Boss 18 Grand Finale: When and where to watch, prize money, everything you need to know

Meet Gujarati women who serve desi meals in New York, here's how they work

UPSC CSE interview 2024 begins today: Candidates should know these points to ace personality test

Sunil Mittal's Bharti Airtel, Vi sell entire stake in THIS company for Rs 90000000, its business is...

Meet man who cracked UPSC to become IAS officer, became 1st Odia deputy EC, now appointed as...

Meet woman, who worked as teacher, then started Rs 32000 business, now the richest woman of...; not Nita Ambani

Maha Kumbh 2025: Government to run special trains from Himachal's Una to Prayagraj from January 17

DNA TV Show: Is new HMPV more dangerous than Covid-19?

Baby John box office collection day 13: Varun Dhawan film records its lowest day so far, fails to earn even Rs...

Tamil actor Vishal's shaky hands at Madha Gaja Raja press meet raises health concerns; WATCH viral video here

Pushpa 2 box office collection: Allu Arjun-starrer beats Baahubali 2 to become highest-grossing film in India ever

Watch: Dog becomes first to cross Romanian border after country joins Schengen, heartwarming video goes viral

After Ajith Kumar's Vidaamuyarchi gets postponed, superstar's Good Bad Ugly to release on...

Not Rajat Dalal, Vivian Dsena, Karan Veer Mehra, Chahat Pandey; this Bigg Boss 18 star will be seen in Sonu Sood's Fateh

Meet influencer who travelled all year in 2024, her spending will leave you SHOCKED, it is Rs...

Canadian PM Justin Trudeau announces resignation amid rising discontent over his leadership

Gautam Adani teams up with Thailand company, to enter...

LATEST
WEBSTORY
TRENDING
Flipkart co-founder Sachin Bansal to sell his Rs 8574167410 stake in THIS compan
Boney Kapoor makes cameo in Janhvi Kapoor, Khushi Kapoor's Loveyapa video
Mahakumbh Mela 2025: 13-year-old aspiring to be IAS officer 'renounces world' to
PHOTOS
VIDEOS
ENTERTAINMENT
5 most expensive cars in India: Mukesh Ambani takes 2nd spot, guess who's no. 1
Baby John star Wamiqa Gabbi’s 6 most glamorous fashion moments
Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan set major couple goals in New Year pics
Home
Cricket

CRICKET

ENG vs BAN, ODI World Cup 2023: Predicted playing XIs, live streaming, pitch report and weather forecast of Dharamshala

Check out all the details related to England vs Bangladesh match in the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2023 which will be played in Dharamshala.

DNA Web Team

Updated : Oct 09, 2023, 10:07 PM IST

The seventh match of the ICC World Cup 2023 is set to feature a showdown between England and Bangladesh. This clash marks the first encounter between England and Bangladesh in the ICC World Cup 2023. As of now, England finds itself at the bottom of the tournament's points table, while Bangladesh occupies the fourth position.

In their respective opening matches of the ICC World Cup 2023, England suffered a defeat, while Bangladesh secured a victory. England's last match saw them facing New Zealand, where New Zealand clinched a convincing 9-wicket win. In that game, Joe Root displayed a commendable performance, scoring 77 runs for England.

On the other hand, Bangladesh's most recent match pitted them against Afghanistan, resulting in a 6-wicket win for Bangladesh. Mehidy Hasan played a crucial role in this victory, contributing both with the bat, smashing 57 runs, and with the ball, taking 3 wickets Historically, these two teams have clashed 24 times in this format, with England emerging victorious in 19 matches, while Bangladesh has triumphed in 5. Another thrilling contest is expected as they meet once more on the cricket field.

TRENDING NOW
Amitabh Bachchan couldn't sleep for two days after Aishwarya Rai was injured, arranged Anil Ambani's private plane to...
This village girl from Greater Noida secures Job offer from top US tech company, gets salary package of Rs...
Aishwarya Rai expresses concern as Aaradhya Bachchan jumps at airport, netizens feel 'something is wrong'
After Ajith Kumar's Vidaamuyarchi gets postponed, superstar's Good Bad Ugly to release on...
Gautam Adani teams up with Thailand company, to enter...
Amid divorce rumours with Aishwarya Rai, Abhishek Bachchan admits 'I am not worthy of being...'
Meet Indian who became 'world's youngest surgeon' at 7, went to IIT at 12, has IQ of 146, he is now working as...
Meet Pulkit Kejriwal, son of Arvind Kejriwal, who cracked IIT-JEE, went to IIT-Delhi, is now pursuing...
Meet India's richest singer with worth Rs 1,700 crore, earns Rs 3 crore in just few minutes; Ambani family is his fan
Locks on every 2nd home, this is Diljit Dosanjh's village, it is located in...
India's biggest flop was made on Rs 600 crore, left public furious, director went underground, film lost Rs 300 crore
Meet man who pays whopping rent of Rs 40 lakhs monthly to Mukesh Ambani, is still richer than him, he is...
This superstar actress, mother of 2, was forced into prostitution, left abandoned by husband, died penniless at...
Bigg Boss 18 Grand Finale: When and where to watch, prize money, everything you need to know
Mukesh Ambani's Reliance enters new market with Rs 10 product, big challenge to Tata firm

Live Streaming Details

 

England vs Bangladesh Live Streaming, Cricket World Cup 2023

When will the England vs Bangladesh Cricket World Cup Match 2023 be played?

 

The England vs Bangladesh World Cup match will be played on Tuesday, October 10, 2023.

 

What time will the England vs Bangladesh Cricket World Cup Match 2023 begin?

 

The England vs Bangladesh Cricket World Cup Match 2023 will start at 10:30 AM IST with the toss scheduled at 10:00 AM IST.

 

Where is the England vs Bangladesh Cricket World Cup Match 2023 to be held?

 

The England vs Bangladesh World Cup match will be played at the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association in Dharmshala.

 

Where to watch the live telecast of England vs Bangladesh Cricket World Cup Match 2023 in India?

 

The England vs Bangladesh World Cup match will be broadcast live on the Star Sports Network.

 

Where to watch the England vs Bangladesh ODI World Cup match on the internet in India?

 

All the matches of the World Cup, including England vs Bangladesh, will be livestreamed for free on the Disney+ Hotstar mobile app. For other devices like TVs or laptops, the user will need to subscribe to Disney+Hotstar.

 

Weather  report

 

With a precipitation level of 20 percent, the chances of rain in Dharamshala on Tuesday, October 10 are very low. The temperature will hover around a pleasant 22 degrees Celsius and the humidity will be close to 57 percent.

 

Pitch report

 

The Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium is a batting-friendly surface and is expected to assist the batters once again here

 

ENG vs BAN World Cup 2023 Predicted Playing 11

 

Bangladesh Playing 11 Probable:

 

Tanzid Tamim, Litton Das, Mehidy Hasan Miraz, Nazmul Hossain Shanto, Shakib Al Hasan (c), Towhid Hridoy, Mushfiqur Rahim (wk), Mahmudullah/Nasum Ahmed, Taskin Ahmed, Shoriful Islam, Mustafizur Rahman

 

England Playing 11 Probable:

 

Jonny Bairstow, Dawid Malan, Joe Root, Harry Brook, Moeen Ali, Jos Buttler (c & wk), Liam Livingstone, Sam Curran, Chris Woakes, Adil Rashid, Mark Wood.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Find your daily dose of All Latest News including Sports News, Entertainment News, Lifestyle News, explainers & more. Stay updated, Stay informed- Follow DNA on WhatsApp.
World CupENGVSBANCricketWorld Cup Indiasports
ADVERTISEMENT
VIDEO OF THE DAY

Lok Sabha Elections 2024: Anupamaa' Star Rupali Ganguly Joins BJP, Says 'Big Fan' Of PM Modi

Watch more
LIVE TV
ADVERTISEMENT
POPULAR STORIES
Coldplay gets notice ahead of their Ahmedabad concert for THIS reason
Zoho CEO Sridhar Vembu shares how he draws inspiration from Chinese...
Video of fog cloaking high rise buildings in Noida goes viral, netizens call it
Deva teaser: Shahid Kapoor impresses in electrifying action-packed cop avatar
Meet Indian who sold his Rs 8352 crore company, now studying Physics, says, 'I a
MORE
MOST VIEWED
5 most expensive cars in India: Mukesh Ambani takes 2nd spot, guess who's no. 1
Baby John star Wamiqa Gabbi’s 6 most glamorous fashion moments
Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan set major couple goals in New Year pics
6 upcoming Bollywood films that might break Pushpa 2’s box office records
In Pics: 5 times Olympic medalist Manu Bhaker made heads turn in saree
MORE
MOST WATCHED
Zhuhai Attack: China President Xi Jinping Urges All-Out Efforts To Treat Injured In Car Ramming Case
Israel-Hezbollah War: Hezbollah Fires Nearly 200 Rockets Targeting Haifa; IDF Intercepts Missiles
US Elections: Trump Begins Cabinet Expansion, Picks Mike Waltz As NSA ,Know Details
South Korean Actor Song Jae Rim Found Dead At The Age Of 39 In His Seoul Apartment
Israel-Hezbollah War: Israeli Woman Shares Chilling Close Call With Death Amid Israel-Hezbollah War
MORE
DNA ORIGNALS
DNA TV Show: Focus of Lok Sabha polls 2024 shifting from development to religion
DNA TV Show: Amit Shah's doctored video exposes 'deepfakes' a new threat
DNA TV Show: Analysis of child traffickers' modus operandi in Delhi
DNA Exclusive: Ugly 'Car-Nama' exposed! Showrooms charge extra for delivering ca
DNA Exclusive: India's first Twitter user on her 16-year Twitter journey
MORE

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dnaindia.com/cricket/report-eng-vs-ban-odi-world-cup-2023-predicted-playing-xis-live-streaming-pitch-report-and-weather-forecast-of-dh-3063800 
 ----- 
