Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Ohio State vs Texas
US winter storm
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Semien’s 5 RBIs, Seager’s home run lead Rangers over Diamondbacks 11-7 for 3-1 World Series lead
1 of 13 |  

Texas Rangers’ Marcus Semien, right, celebrates his three-run home run with Jonah Heim during the third inning in Game 4 of the baseball World Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

2 of 13 |  

Texas Rangers’ Marcus Semien, right, hits a two-run triple as Arizona Diamondbacks catcher Gabriel Moreno reaches for the pitch during the second inning in Game 4 of the baseball World Series Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

3 of 13 |  

Texas Rangers’ Marcus Semien watches his three-run home run during the third inning in Game 4 of the baseball World Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023, in Phoenix.(AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

4 of 13 |  

Texas Rangers’ Corey Seager hits a two-run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the second inning in Game 4 of the baseball World Series Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

5 of 13 |  

Texas Rangers’ Travis Jankowski celebrates after scoring on triple by Marcus Semien during the second inning in Game 4 of the baseball World Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

6 of 13 |  

Members of the Arizona Diamondbacks watch during the third inning in Game 4 of the baseball World Series against the Texas Rangers Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

7 of 13 |  

Members of the Arizona Diamondbacks watch during the seventh inning in Game 4 of the baseball World Series against the Texas Rangers Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

8 of 13 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks relief pitcher Luis Frias reacts during the third inning in Game 4 of the baseball World Series against the Texas Rangers Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

9 of 13 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Ketel Marte reacts after getting caught stealing second against the Texas Rangers during the first inning in Game 4 of the baseball World Series Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

10 of 13 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Lourdes Gurriel Jr. celebrates after a three-run home run against the Texas Rangers during the eighth inning in Game 4 of the baseball World Series Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

11 of 13 |  

Texas Rangers’ Evan Carter (32), Travis Jankowski, center, and Leody Taveras (3) celebrate after Game 4 of the baseball World Series Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023, in Phoenix. The Rangers won 11-7. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

12 of 13 |  

Texas Rangers’ Leody Taveras (3) and Evan Carter celebrate after Game 4 of the baseball World Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023, in Phoenix. The Rangers won 11-7. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

13 of 13 |  

The Texas Rangers celebrate their win against the Arizona Diamondbacks in Game 4 of the baseball World Series Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2023, in Phoenix. The Rangers won 11-7. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

BY  RONALD BLUM
Updated 5:33 AM UTC, November 1, 2023
Share

PHOENIX (AP) — Adolis García gathered Texas Rangers hitters in a clubhouse side room Tuesday afternoon and told them his World Series was over.

Max Scherzer was finished, too, injuries costing the American League champions their top slugger and potential Game 7 starting pitcher.

“Pull together guys. Let’s finish it!” Travis Jankowski recalled García saying.

Rangers batters not only bonded, they whipped through the Arizona Diamondbacks like a desert storm.

Marcus Semien’s two-run triple and three-run homer powered Texas to a 10-run lead by the third inning, Corey Seager hit another long home run and the Rangers won 11-7 to move ahead three games to one in the World Series.

“That took a lot of guts for him to come out there and speak,” Seager said of García. “He was vulnerable. He wants to be out there. He told us he loved us.”

Texas improved to a record 10-0 on the road this postseason and closed within one win of the first title in the 63-season history of a franchise that started as the expansion Washington Senators in 1961.

Nathan Eovaldi tries to clinch the third all-wild card Series on Wednesday night against Zac Gallen in a rematch of Game 1 starters.

RELATED STORIES
Joc Pederson and Texas Rangers finalize 2-year deal, DH's 5th team since 2020 title with Dodgers
Texas Rangers and RHP Nathan Eovaldi finalize $75 million, 3-year contract
World Series vision that got Nathan Eovaldi to the Rangers is the same one that got him to re-sign

“We’ve got our top guy on the mound now,” Semien said. “He’s a guy who’s been waiting for this moment the entire year.”

Forty-two of 49 previous teams to take 3-1 leads have gone on to win the World Series. The most recent club to overcome a 3-1 deficit was the Chicago Cubs against Cleveland in 2016.

Rangers batters built a 10-0 cushion by becoming the first team in Series history with consecutive five-run innings. Seager’s third two-run homer of the Series capped the second, Semien’s drive punctuated the third and Jonah Heim added an eighth-inning shot.

Texas scored its first 10 runs with two outs, battering an Arizona staff that needed four pitchers to get its first eight outs. Miguel Castro’s wild pitch brought home the first run, and an error by Gold Glove first baseman Christian Walker — the first by either team in the Series — led to five unearned runs in the third.

“This was nothing that we saw coming,” Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said. “It all came unraveled on us there in a matter of two innings.”

Seager and Semien, All-Star middle infielders signed as free agents for $500 million combined before the 2022 season, have six RBIs each in the Series. Seager, the first shortstop with three Series homers, has four long balls in his last five games dating to the AL Championship Series. After leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to the 2020 title, he could join Sandy Koufax, Bob Gibson and Reggie Jackson as the only two-time World Series MVPs.

Jankowski, replacing García in right field, singled in the second and hit a two-run double in the third in his first Series at-bats.

“I was locked in last night waiting, preparing to start. I didn’t get the official news until 2 o’clock today,” Jankowski said. “Shoot, I’ve been ready to go 15 years ago.”

Andrew Heaney, a 32-year-old lefty with his fifth big league team, earned the win by allowing four hits in five innings. Six relievers followed, with closer José Leclerc getting the final out.

“We had a 10-run lead. It’s a lot easier to go out there, attack the strike zone and not feel so confined to having to make perfect pitches,” Heaney said.

There was a festive mood at Chase Field, where the roof was open for the second straight night and some fans arrived in Halloween costumes.

Josh Jung doubled off opener Joe Mantiply leading off the second and in came Castro, who gave up García’s winning homer in the 11th inning of Game 1. Jung advanced on a groundout and put Texas ahead when Castro bounced a changeup off the plate for a wild pitch.

Semien hooked a slider that landed about 18 inches fair and bounced into the left-field corner for a two-run triple and a 3-0 lead.

“Looking for the outside corner. It didn’t do what I want to do. It just kind of stayed in the zone there,” Castro said through a translator.

Seager hit Kyle Nelson’s slider 431 feet off a video board above the right-center wall for his sixth postseason homer.

“Made a mistake to the wrong hitter,” Nelson said. “The plan was to carefully pitch around him.”

In the first World Series to open with three errorless games, Arizona’s defense cracked at an inopportune time. After singles by Jung and Nathaniel Lowe with one out in the third, Luis Frías relieved and Heim hit a sharp grounder to Walker, who had a chance for a double play but dropped the ball on the transfer as he looked to throw to second.

Jankowski doubled and Semien sent a fastball at the letters over the left-field wall for his first homer since Sept. 27.

“I hadn’t jogged around the bases in a while,” Semien said.

Heim had been 0 for 12 before his homer against Ryne Nelson.

TEAM HALLOWEEN

Rangers players gathered with their families at the team hotel at 10 a.m. About two dozen children were in costume, with Jankowski’s two sons and daughter dressed as a falcon, Spider-Man and Bingo from “Bluey.”

“I’m sure they’re all sugared up now, which is great,” Jankowski said after the game, breaking into a wide smile.

LATE SURGE

Lourdes Gurriel Jr. hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth for Arizona and a three-run homer in the eighth against Chris Stratton. Tommy Pham had a sacrifice fly in the eighth, and Gabriel Moreno delivered a two-run single in the ninth.

STREAKING

Arizona’s Ketel Marte had two hits, extending his record postseason hitting streak to 20 games.

TRAINER’S ROOM

García (left oblique) and Scherzer (back spasm) were removed from the Texas roster a day after getting hurt. INF/OF Ezequiel Durán and LHP Brock Burke were added, and Burke was charged with three runs in the eighth. ... Seager appeared to twist one or both ankles on his home run swing. He was removed for for a pinch runner after doubling in the ninth and said he was fine. ... Rangers rookie Evan Carter was hit on the right pinkie by a pitch in the ninth.

UP NEXT

Eovaldi is 4-0 with a 3.53 ERA in five starts this postseason. He left with a 5-3 deficit in Friday’s opener, allowing five runs and six hits over 4 2/3 innings.

Gallen gave up three runs and four hits over five innings in the opener and is 2-2 with a 5.27 ERA in five postseason starts, yielding six homers in 27 1/3 innings.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Hidalgo leads No. 3 Notre Dame against Clemson after 23-point game
What’s my car worth? Take a look here (you might be surpri...
Cars Value
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't delay motherhood for higher...
Rwanda’s Paul Kagame urges Congo to negotiate with M23 rebels after they seize strategic towns
Bettors don't believe in massive underdog Steelers against the...
The Ravens opened as substantial favorite s over the Steelers in the wild-card round...
AP News
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Iowa That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates historical scenarios
This game takes you back to a crucial moment in US history.
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
8 Things To Know About Lupus and Autoimmune Conditions
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
Silent Dangers of Atop ic Dermatitis - Recogni ze the Signs
Atopic Dermatitis
Advertisement:
Learn More
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2 girls
Authorities in Wisconsin say they have captured a man who is charged in the...
AP News
Jackson Shelstad and Nate Bittle help No. 15 Oregon beat Ohio...
Jackson Shelstad scored 24 points and made two free throws with seven second...
AP News
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be...
A judge has ruled that a Wisconsin woman who stabbed her sixth grade classmate t...
AP News
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx:Advertisement
Itchy skin: A silent Symptom of AD (Must Know)
Atopic Dermatitis:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/world-series-game-4-rangers-diamondbacks-semien-seager-a4d8af6a4e1769e42fd5cdb333840924 
 ----- 
