Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
What is the Atlanta Braves magic number? Everything to know and why they still have work to do
The Atlanta Braves became the first MLB team to clinch a playoff spot in 2023, but they still have plenty of work to do to solidify their position.
By Mark Powell | Sep 10, 2023
Pittsburgh Pirates v Atlanta Braves / Matthew Grimes Jr./Atlanta Braves/GettyImages

By defeating the Pittsburgh Pirates on Sunday, the Atlanta Braves clinched a postseason berth, becoming the first team to do so this season. Atlanta has some work left to clinch the NL East, but nonetheless, this is an impressive step forward for Brian Snitker's team.

If it seems a bit early for any team -- let alone these Braves -- to clinch a playoff berth, that's because it is. Atlanta made history on Sunday.

Entering Sunday's game Atlanta held a 14-game lead over the Philadelphia Phillies in the division, their closest competition for the NL East crown. While it's only a matter of when, not if, the Braves clinch the East, fans want to know exactly when they can pop the champagne.

What is the Braves magic number?

Prior to Sunday's game, Atlanta had two magic numbers. The first magic number was the number of results needed to clinch a postseason spot, while the second was the number of results needed to clinch the NL East. Now, they are down to one. After the Marlins held on to defeat the Phillies on Sunday afternoon, Atlanta's magic number is now down to six to clinch their sixth-straight NL East title.

What is a magic number in baseball?

Magic numbers are not just about wins and losses but combined together in relation to another team in question. Basically, a magic number is the number of combined wins and losses a leading team needs over another to clinch something of significance, like a division title or wild card berth.

Did the Braves clinch a playoff spot?

With their win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Sunday, Atlanta ensured they will play in the postseason. As of now, they are the No. 1 seed in the National League, with a sound advantage over the second-seeded Los Angeles Dodgers. This would mean the Braves receive homefield throughout the NL playoffs.

NEXT: 3 Braves not on Sept. roster that Atlanta needs for postseason
Related Topics
Atlanta Braves
MLB News
Pittsburgh Pirates
Los Angeles Dodgers
Philadelphia Phillies
Home
/
Atlanta Braves
Sponsored content
About
Contact
Openings
FanSided Network
A-Z Index
Sitemap
Newsletters
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://fansided.com/posts/atlanta-braves-magic-number-september-10 
 ----- 
