GETTY

Luis Ortiz pitches in the first inning Sunday in Atlanta.

PIRATES
Ortiz continues second-half bounce back, but quick hook costs Pirates
BY ALEX STUMPF

Sep 10, 2023 • 9:30 pm

1.8K
41

ATLANTA -- The silver lining is that Luis Ortiz is once again looking like the pitcher the Pirates hoped he would be when he broke out as a prospect a year ago. The downside is he couldn't help his team once the ball was taken out of his hands in the sixth inning Sunday at Truist Park, and he watched as the Pirates' bullpen blew the lead and the game in the series rubber match with the Braves, leading to a 5-2 loss.

Ortiz entered the year as one of the Pirates' highest-rated prospects, but was inconsistent throughout May and June, leading to a demotion to the minors after a disastrous start against the Dodgers on July 4. Ortiz's second stint in the majors this year got off on the wrong foot on Aug. 23, but Sunday marks three straight good starts for him, allowing four runs over 16 1/3 innings.

 For a rotation that has plenty of question marks after Mitch Keller and Johan Oviedo, Ortiz's resurgence would greatly bolster a rotation that needs answers.

"It’s based on hard work every day and trying to get better," Ortiz said about this run of success, via interpreter Stephen Morales. "It doesn’t matter if it’s the end of the season. I’m just looking for ways to get better."

Ortiz was able to keep baseball's best lineup off balance by pounding the bottom part of the strike zone and focusing on his hand side, not backing away from pitching inside, like Oviedo did the game before:

And unlike many young pitchers come September, his velocity has held steady and he consistently was pumping 96-98 mph.

"I think there’s less rotation off the ball," Derek Shelton said. "That’s why the velocity has maintained or ticked back up. The attack plan of him going right after people has directly correlated to that."

"Earlier in the season, I felt I was too quick to the plate," Ortiz said. "Now, I’m more under control and controlling my forward movement and all that."

When he's in control and moving consistently, Ortiz has the stuff to be a big part part of the Pirates' rotation going forward, but his leash in-game is evidently still short for now. Ortiz allowed just five runners to reach base, but with two on and one out in the sixth, Shelton went to Ryan Borucki to face lefty Matt Olson, who leads the league in home runs and RBIs.

A wild pitch and ground out brought home the only run charged against to Ortiz in his 5 1/3 innings of work, while a four-run rally in the seventh put the Braves out in front for good, with Ronald Acuña Jr. and Olson delivering a pair of two-out, two-run singles, with all the runs charged to Colin Selby.

Shelton said postgame that he did not think of leaving Ortiz to continue in the sixth.

"Sixth inning, he had done a good job through 5 1/3," Shelton explained. "We had the stretch right there with where we wanted Borucki to be. We get Olson and [Marcell] Ozuna, and we’re going to make them make a decision on [Eddie] Rosario. He had [Kevin] Pillar on deck, but no. That was the stretch right there, and Luis had done his job."

Meanwhile, the offense could not muster much against Allan Winans, who was only dinged for a pair of RBI doubles by Bryan Reynolds and Jack Suwinski in the sixth inning. Joshua Palacios opened the seventh with a triple, but was stranded on third base.

"We have to score there," Shelton said. "We cannot give away opportunities in any case. But you definitely cannot give away opportunities to this club."

With the loss, the Pirates missed an opportunity for a statement series win against the first team to clinch a playoff spot.

"It’s frustrating to lose," Suwinski said. "You want to come out on the road and take these wins. But I thought we played good ball against a really good team."

Another solid showing against a tough team for Ortiz is also a good sign. If he can continue this roll, then a spot in the 2024 opening day rotation seems like a good possibility. 

"That’s always been my goal: Finish strong," Ortiz said. "Put behind what happened in the past and move forward and finish strong."

"[I want to] continue to do what I’ve been doing lately," he added shortly after. "Work hard and whenever the season is over, work even harder during the offseason to come in really good shape and win a spot [in the rotation]."

THE ESSENTIALS

• Boxscore
• Live file
• Team feed
• Standings
• Statistics
• Schedule
• Scoreboard

THE HIGHLIGHTS

"
"

THE INJURIES

• 10-day injured list: RF Henry Davis (thumb)

• 60-day injured list: SS Oneil Cruz (ankle), RHP JT Brubaker (elbow), LHP Jarlin Garcia (elbow), RHP Max Kranick (elbow), INF Tucupita Marcano (knee), LHP Angel Perdomo (elbow), RHP Vince Velasquez (elbow)

THE LINEUPS

Shelton's card:

1. Ji Hwan Bae, 2B
2. Bryan Reynolds, LF
3. Ke'Bryan Hayes, DH
4. Jack Suwinski, CF
5. Liover Peguero, SS
6. Joshua Palacios, RF
7. Jared Triolo, 3B
8. Alfonso Rivas, 1B
9. Jason Delay, C

And for Brian Snitker's Braves:

1. Ronald Acuña Jr., RF
2. Ozzie Albies, 2B
3. Austin Riley, 3B
4. Matt Olson, 1B
5. Marcell Ozuna, DH
6. Eddie Rosario, LF
7. Travis diArnaud, C
8. Orlando Arcia, SS
9. Michael Harris II, CF

THE SCHEDULE

The Pirates are heading back home to start a four-game series with the Nationals Monday. Patrick Corbin (9-13, 5.23) will go for the Nationals. First pitch is set for 6:35 p.m. I'll have you covered.

THE MULTIMEDIA

THE CONTENT

Visit our team feed for all the latest around the clock and our team page for everything else.

SHOW COMMENTS
Loading...
Loading...
DK'S NEW DOUBLE SHOT!
1
3
VIDEOS
DK's Double Shot of Steelers: One last talk
By DEJAN KOVACEVIC
in Downtown
Jan 10, 2025
DK'S DAILY SHOTS
1
1
PODCASTS
DK's Daily Shot of Steelers: Fire Mike Tomlin
By DEJAN KOVACEVIC
in Baltimore
Jan 12, 2025
1
12
PODCASTS
DK's Daily Shot of Steelers: What I'd like to see vs. Ravens
By DEJAN KOVACEVIC
at PPG Paints Arena
Jan 10, 2025
1
3
PODCASTS
DK's Daily Shot of Penguins: Believe yet?
By DEJAN KOVACEVIC
at PPG Paints Arena
Jan 10, 2025
Loading...
RAMON FOSTER
14K
21
VIDEOS
The Ramon Foster Show: Raisins Week!
By RAMON FOSTER
in Hendersonville, Tenn.
Dec 18, 2024
Loading...
MATT WILLIAMSON
1
0
PODCASTS
Scout's Eye: We've seen this before ...
By MATT WILLIAMSON
on the South Side
Jan 12, 2025
Loading...
Loading...
41

© 2025 DK Pittsburgh Sports | Steelers, Penguins, Pirates news, analysis, live coverage
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dkpittsburghsports.com/2023/09/10/pirates-braves-luis-ortiz-shelton-selby-movement-body-news-mlb-ajs 
 ----- 
