Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Atlanta Falcons
Grady Jarrett: Falcons will be a force to be reckoned with this season

Jarrett believes Atlanta will be competitive

Atlanta Falcons defensive end Grady Jarrett.LAPRESSE
LW
09/09/2023 - 21:32 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Rhamondre Stevenson injury update: Ezekiel Elliott a good fantasy option?
NFL. Why did Bill Belichick cut Bailey Zappe just to again make him back up Mac Jones?

The Atlanta Falcons have been struggling for the past five seasons, but defensive tackle Grady Jarrett is confident that the team is ready to turn things around. In a recent interview, Jarrett expressed his optimism about the Falcons' chances of competing again.

"We've had a tough few years, but I think we're finally in a position to start winning again," Jarrett said. "We've got some great talent on this team, and we're all working hard to make sure we're ready to go when the season starts."

Jarrett, who has been with the Falcons since 2015, has seen the team go through a lot of ups and downs during his tenure. But he believes that the struggles of the past few years have made the team stronger and more determined.

"We've been through a lot together as a team, and I think that's brought us closer," he said. "We know what it's like to lose, and we don't want to go through that again. We're all pushing each other to be better, and I think that's going to pay off on the field."

Falcons made several off-season changes

The Falcons have made some significant changes this offseason, including hiring a new head coach in Arthur Smith and bringing in several new players through the draft and free agency. Jarrett believes that these moves will help the team improve and become more competitive.

"I think Coach Smith is going to do a great job," Jarrett said. "He's got a lot of experience and he knows how to get the best out of his players. And we've added some really talented guys to the roster who are going to make a big impact."

MORE in MARCA
Former child...
Marca
Harry and...
Marca

Despite the challenges of the past few years, Jarrett is excited about the future of the Falcons and is looking forward to getting back on the field.

"I love playing for this team and this city," he said. "We've got some of the best fans in the league, and I know they're hungry for a winning season. We're all working hard to make that happen, and I can't wait to see what we can accomplish together."

NFL - English
Atlanta Falcons - English
Fantasy FootballBest NFL offensive lines 2023 and what they mean for your Fantasy QB's & RB's
Kansas City ChiefsChris Jones watches from suite as Chiefs owner Clark Hunt unveils SB banner
Kansas City ChiefsTravis Kelce uncertain to play for Chiefs next Thursday amid fresh knee hyper extension
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu...
Kia
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/atlanta-falcons/2023/09/10/64fd26f0268e3ed2478b45d3.html 
 ----- 
