Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
South Korea plane crash
Tornadoes hit Texas
Trump H1b
Delray Beach
University of Miami
SPORTS
Fueled by feeling insulted, Romania draws 1-1 with Slovakia to send both into Euro 2024 round of 16
1 of 18 |  

Romania’s Razvan Marin, front, celebrates after scoring his side’s first goal against Slovakia during a Group E match at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

2 of 18 |  

Slovakia’s Ondrej Duda, left, celebrates scoring the opening goal against Romania during a Group E match at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (Arne Dedert/dpa via AP)

3 of 18 |  

Romania’s head coach Edward Iordanescu gestures during a Group E match against Slovakia at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic)

4 of 18 |  

Rain falls during a Group E match between Slovakia and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic)

5 of 18 |  

Romania’s Razvan Marin (18), scores from the penalty spot, his side’s first goal against Slovakia, during a Group E match at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic)

6 of 18 |  

Romania’s Razvan Marin, front, celebrates after scoring his side’s first goal against Slovakia during a Group E match at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

7 of 18 |  

Romania’s players celebrate at the end of the match during a Group E match between Slovakia and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)

8 of 18 |  

Slovakia’s Ondrej Duda heads the ball to score his team’s opening goal against Romania during a Group E match at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic)

9 of 18 |  

Slovakia’s coach Francesco Calzona shouts instructions to his players during a Group E match at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament against Romania in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

10 of 18 |  

Romania’s head coach Edward Iordanescu instructs his players during a Group E match against Slovakia at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic)

11 of 18 |  

Slovakia’s Ondrej Duda, right, celebrates after scoring the opening goal against Romania during a Group E match at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (Arne Dedert/dpa via AP)

12 of 18 |  

Romanian fans cheer during a Group E match against Slovakia at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

13 of 18 |  

Romania’s George Puscas, right, and Slovakia’s Milan Skriniar struggle for the ball during a Group E match at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic)

14 of 18 |  

Romania’s players celebrate at the end of the match during a Group E match between Slovakia and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)

15 of 18 |  

CORRECTS BYLINE, LOCATION, SLUG - Romania’s Denis Dragus (19) attempts to score during a Group E match against Slovakia at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic)

16 of 18 |  

Romania’s Andrei Ratiu celebrates at the end of the match during a Group E match between Slovakia and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)

17 of 18 |  

Slovakia and Romania players play during a Group E match between Slovakia and Romania at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)

18 of 18 |  

Romania fans cheer during a Group E match against Slovakia at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, June 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic)

BY  GRAHAM DUNBAR
Updated 9:18 PM UTC, June 26, 2024
Share

FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — Romania coach Edward Iordănescu felt insulted by that pre-game chatter he called “shameful” of possibly contriving a low-key draw against Slovakia to send both teams into the European Championship knockout round.

It did indeed end 1-1 on Wednesday and Romania finished atop of Group E — ahead of favored Belgium — but not in the way those pundits throwing shade had predicted.

And Iordănescu let them know about it after a high-energy game played in severe weather which had wild mood swings, and earned his team a round-of-16 meeting with the Netherlands.

“There is some people that should apologize to us,” Iordănescu said, criticizing some of the commentary earlier in the week. “They should have waited to see and then judge us. So this was shameful.

“They throw this garbage to us, not just the team but to our fans. We showed we have character,” the Romanian coach said, in the only answer in English of his news conference.

The quirk of the 24-team Euros format is that Groups E and F playing on the final day of the group stage have an advantage. They know the result they need to be assured of being among the four best third-place teams who must advance to the last-16 bracket.

At the start of play Wednesday, all four teams were on three points before Romania and Slovakia drew in Frankfurt at the same time as Belgium was held 0-0 by Ukraine, which was eliminated.

Romania topped the group on the tiebreaker of more goals scored than Belgium, and both had a better goal difference than third-place Slovakia.

“Nobody could say my team didn’t play to win for the 90 minutes,” Slovakia coach Francesco Calzona said.

Both Iordănescu and Calzona were right to feel vindicated one day after questions at pre-game news conferences about the option of a contrive a low-energy draw to get the point both needed.

Both teams went for goals despite stifling heat in the first half that ended 1-1.

They really went for more goals through sheets of rain amid booming thunderclaps midway through the second half.

The fans, especially yellow-shirted Romanians filling two thirds of the Frankfurt arena, seemed energized by soccer in the crackling electric storm.

The teams still were chasing a game-winning goal in the steady rain until stoppage time before it ended 1-1.

“Both teams gave everything for 80 minutes, then of course everybody looks for each (other’s) interest,” Iordănescu said.

Slovakia’s standout player Stanislav Lobotka, a midfielder with Napoli, said he never experienced such in-game weather in his career.

“Heat and the very hard ground at the beginning and within 45 minutes the weather changed completely, with pools of water at some parts of the pitch,” Lobotka said in translated comments.

Slovakia led in the 24th minute when Ondrej Duda directed a powerful header down into the corner of the net.

Răzvan Marin leveled in the 37th from a penalty awarded after a two-minute video review to decide if Ianis Hagi was tripped inside the area.

Romania will now play in the knockout round for the first time since Euro 2000 when Hagi’s father, national soccer icon Gheorghe, was captain in the No. 10 jersey now worn by his son.

Romania’s reward is going into what shapes as the weaker half of the knockout bracket, separated until the final from in-form Spain and Portugal plus France and Germany.

Next for Romania is facing the Dutch in Munich with a five full days rest before that game on Tuesday.

Belgium plays France in a standout pairing on Monday in Duesseldorf. Slovakia will play England Sunday in Gelsenkirchen.

When the soccer anthem “Freed From Desire” played after the final whistle, both sets of fans were singing and jumping in celebration with the players.

“I think never in the history of Romania has the team had such a support, not even the golden generation (of Hagi),” said Iordănescu, whose father, Anghel, coached the national team at Euro 2016. “Romania has found its spirit that it mustn’t ever lose again.”

___

AP Euro 2024: https://apnews.com/hub/euro-2024

GRAHAM DUNBAR
Dunbar is an Associated Press sports news reporter in Geneva, Switzerland. He focuses on the governing bodies, institutions and politics of international sports.
twitter
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Jonathan Kuminga ties career high with 34 points, Warriors beat Suns 109-105
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Free IQ Test
:
Advertisement
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
Skip Ad
Ad 
 Unmute
BYU stymies Sanders, Hunter in 36-14 victory over Colorado in...
L.J. Martin rushed for 88 yards and two touchdowns, Jake Retzlaff passed for 15...
AP News
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake...
A Massachusetts couple and their two daughters were identified by authorities...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Arthrozene
Advertisement:
Learn More
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutions)
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates historical scenarios
This game takes you back to a crucial moment in US history.
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Why These Ski Goggle s Are a Game Changer
topchicdeals
Advertisement:
Read More
New Needle-free Blood Glucose Meter: Check Out The Prices
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Search Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Effective Non-surgical Body Contouring At Clinics In North Char...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Search Now
New Hyundai Santa Fe Is Nearly Unrecogniza ble (Take A Peek At...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
Boy killed in Colorado reservatio n shooting was in bed when he...
A man has been arrested in the fatal shooting of a 7-year-old boy on a tribal...
AP News
Lunar Lamp Brings Hope to New Homes
topgadgetlife
Advertisement:
Read More
Why I Love My Purple Rose Cross
Purple Rose Cross Suncatcher
Advertisement:
Read More
Transform Smiles Disc reetly With Invisible Braces
Invisible Braces
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege:Advertisement
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Game
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simulates alternative...
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/euro-2024-slovakia-romania-score-e853e06e78e5c8caf5bb80d64f9f3b1f 
 ----- 
