Subscribe
Home
Latest
Subscriber Only
Crosswords & Puzzles
Ireland
Politics
Opinion
Business
World
Sport
Gaelic Games
Rugby
Soccer
Golf
Racing
Athletics
Boxing
Cycling
Hockey
Tennis
Your Money
Crime & Law
Property
Food
Health
Life & Style
Culture
Environment
Technology
Science
Media
Abroad
Obituaries
Transport
Motors
Listen
Podcasts
Video
Photography
History
Tuarascáil
Student Hub
Offbeat
Family Notices
Opens in new window
Sponsored
Subscriber Rewards
Competitions
Weather Forecast
Soccer
Slovakia and Romania reach Euro 2024 last 16 after draw
Romania midfielder Razvan Marin’s first-half penalty cancelled out Ondrej Duda’s headed opener
Expand
Razvan Marin of Romania celebrates with teammate Nicolae Stanciu. Photograph: Mohammed Badra/EPA
Wed Jun 26 2024 - 19:49
Group E: Slovakia 1 Romania 1

Slovakia and Romania both qualified for the Euro 2024 knockout stage after an entertaining 1-1 draw in Frankfurt.

With both sides aware a point would be enough to send them through, Romania midfielder Razvan Marin’s first-half penalty cancelled out Ondrej Duda’s headed opener for Slovakia.

Neither side appeared to settle for the point until the closing stages.

Romania qualified for the last 16 as group winners along with second-placed Belgium, while Slovakia progressed as one of the four best third-placed teams.

READ MORE
Upbeat mood returns for Scotland after Steve Clarke weathers Nations League storm
Aer Lingus pilots have pay docked following recent industrial action
Irish consumer sentiment lifts as inflation eases and economy grows
Gareth Southgate resigns as England manager following Euro 2024 final defeat

Slovakia pipped bottom team Ukraine on goal difference with all four sides finishing with four points.

Slovakia made a lively start, but Romania carved out the best early chance when Andrei Ratiu’s curling effort was turned away by goalkeeper Martin Dubravka and Ianis Hagi blasted the rebound over.

Despite the stifling heat at the Frankfurt Arena, neither side appeared content to settle for a goalless draw that would have sent both through to the last 16.

Slovakia made the breakthrough in the 24th minute. Midfielder Juraj Kucka swung over a superb cross and the unmarked Duda headed back across goal inside the far post.

Ratiu’s shot from outside the box was well held by Dubravka, but the Slovakia goalkeeper was beaten via the penalty spot soon after as Romania equalised in the 34th minute.

German referee Daniel Siebert initially waved away Romania appeals after Hagi went down under David Hancko’s challenge, but the official awarded the penalty after a VAR review and Marin smashed home his spot-kick.

A thunderstorm greeted both sides at the start of the second half and Romania went close to taking the lead just after the hour mark when Dubravka kept out Marin’s effort and Denis Dragus fired the rebound over.

Slovakia striker David Strelec’s thumping low shot was saved by the feet of Romania goalkeeper Florin Nita before clear-cut chances petered out.

Euro 2024
IN THIS SECTION
‘I will not give up’: Pep Guardiola vows to push on as Manchester City fight for results
Mikel Arteta confirms Bukayo Saka to miss ‘more than two months’ for Arsenal
Photographs and memories: The Bosman of his day who wouldn’t be bought or sold
The year in sports quotes: 'I wish it was my wife leaving me and not Jurgen'
Premier League: Arsenal go second with win over Ipswich; Brighton lack finishing touch
MOST READ
Film officials were warned ‘wholly inappropriate’ Joker sequel could cause ‘significant harm’ to children
Ireland’s ‘sick’ car insurance system: A scrape involving two drivers who know each other turns ‘nasty’
25 ways to improve your health in 2025: Shop less, sleep more and keep a good work-life balance
Gaza: Israel detains 240 Palestinians including medics after hospital raid
New Dublin traffic changes to take effect by mid-2025
LATEST STORIES
The Catholic Church’s Jubilee Year 2025 is a time of celebration, an expression of praise to God
DFA helped Irish people find family in Australia in days before online communication
Government wrestled with Mary Robinson’s plan to make historic first visit to Queen Elizabeth II
Nazi film Triumph of the Will shown in Dublin’s Olympia - and removed overnight due to threats
Nationalists feel ‘sense of ease’ when they travel south, Dick Spring told
Facebook page
Twitter feed

© 2024 The Irish Times DAC

Subscribe
Why Subscribe?
Subscription Bundles
Subscriber Rewards
Student Subscription
Subscription Help Centre
Opens in new window
Home Delivery
Opens in new window
Gift Subscriptions
Support
Contact Us
Help Centre
Opens in new window
My Account
About Us
Advertise
Contact Us
The Irish Times Trust
Careers
Irish Times Products & Services
ePaper
Crosswords & puzzles
Newspaper Archive
Newsletters
Article Index
Opens in new window
Discount Codes
Opens in new window
Download the app
   
MyHome.ie
Opens in new window
The Gloss
Opens in new window
Recruit Ireland
Opens in new window
Irish Times Training
Opens in new window
RIP.ie
Opens in new window
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Information
Cookie Settings
Community Standards
Copyright
We value your privacy
We and our 81 partners store and access information on your device, such as unique IDs in cookies. This is done to process personal data. To take these actions we require your consent, which you can provide through the banner options. You can manage your preferences and object to processing based on legitimate interest at any time in the privacy policy page. Cookie Policy
Certain vendors, once consent is provided by you to the storage of information on your device and/or to the access of information already stored on your device, use legitimate interest to further process your personal data.
We and our partners collect and use data

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I ACCEPT MANAGE SETTINGS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishtimes.com/sport/soccer/2024/06/26/slovakia-and-romania-reach-euro-2024-last-16-after-draw/ 
 ----- 
