Aceptar y continuar
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 958 partners
Es noticia:
Taylor Swift Travis Kelce
Patrick Mahomes Andy Reid
Eagles vs Cowboys 
Rico Dowdle CeeDee Lamb
Time BYU vs Colorado
Travis Hunter
Shedeur Sanders
Alamo Bowl Prize Money 
Angel Reese 
Tyson Fury
Shohei Ohtani wife pregnant 
Travis Hunter Net Worth
Dayle Haddon cause of death
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA Benefits Payment Schedule
CT Student Loan Repayment 2025
SNAP Florida Payment Benefits 
SSDI Payments January 2025
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
UEFA Euro
News
Schedule
Scores
Groups
Calculator
Bracket
Stats
Stadiums
More
Euro 2024
Romania and Slovakia draw 1-1 to send both into the round of 16 at Euro 2024

Romania advanced atop the group with Slovakia in third

Players of Romania celebrate after the UEFA EURO 2024 group E soccer match between Slovakia and RomaniaEFE
LAPRESSE
Actualizado 26/06/2024 - 13:53 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email

Romania and Slovakia got the 1-1 draw that sent both teams into the round of 16 at the European Championship on Wednesday, with the Romanians topping Group E ahead of Belgium.

During a thunderstorm and pounding rain midway through the second half, both teams chased a winning goal in a frenetic spell of play despite the tied score suiting them both.

Romania advanced atop the group with Slovakia in third because second-place Belgium drew 0-0 with last-place Ukraine, which is eliminated. Belgium will play France in the round of 16.

Slovakia led in the 24th minute when Ondrej Duda directed a powerful header down into the corner of the net.

Rzvan Marin leveled in the 37th from a penalty awarded after a two-minute video review to decide if Ianis Hagi was tripped inside the area.

In the knockout round for the first time since Euro 2000

Romania will now play in the knockout round for the first time since Euro 2000 when Hagi's father, national soccer icon Gheorghe, was captain in the No. 10 jersey now worn by his son.

When the soccer anthem "Freed From Desire" played after the final whistle, both sets of fans were singing and jumping in celebration with the players. Romanian fans far outnumbered the Slovaks with yellow-shirted supporters in about two thirds of the Waldstadion area.

Romania's reward is going into what shapes as the weaker half of the knockout bracket, separated until the final from in-form Spain and Portugal plus France and Germany.

Next for Romania is playing a third-place team in Munich with a five full days rest before that game on Tuesday.

Belgium plays France in a standout pairing on Monday in Duesseldorf. Slovakia could face Spain on Sunday in Cologne.

Allocating the four third-place teams in the round of 16 bracket will be confirmed after Group F games finish later Wednesday.

Pre-game speculation across Europe had been that Romania and Slovakia could contrive a draw to ensure both advanced.

That idea was banished by the energy of both team's early attacks in 27 Celsius (81 Fahrenheit) heat before the storm rolled in, then their commitment through the sweeping rain.

The Slovaks took a first-half lead for the third straight game and the 24th minute was the longest their fans had to wait.

MORE in MARCA
Taylor Swift's...
Marca
Kate Middl...
Marca

From a high cross, Duda put power into his header back across goal beyond the dive of goalkeeper Florin Ni.

Hagi had wasted Romania's clearest shooting chance before his direct running led to the penalty.

Soccer
Copa AmericaUSA Roster for Copa America 2024: Gregg Berhalter's USMNT squad for the tournament
Copa AmericaCopa America 2024 Prize Money: How much money will the winner team earn?
Copa AmericaCopa America 2024 Format: What's the tournament's format and how many matches are there?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Kate Middleton couldn't forgive...
Marca
Harry and Meghan Markle run out of...
Marca
"Breathe Easy with Cleaner Air and a...
HVAC Services | Search Ads
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to...
Pest Control | Search Ads
Unlock Your Home ’s Equity & Acces...
NerdWallet
Protect Your Busin ess from Identity...
trendstoday
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/uefa-euro/2024/06/26/667c62d2e2704e9d268b45b7.html 
 ----- 
