Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
MLB Scores & Matchups Free Picks Odds Prop Projections Futures News & Analysis MLB Contest World Series Teams Players Standings Statistics Weather Umpires Injuries League Trends Print Sheets
Phillies vs Marlins Prediction, Picks & Odds for Tonight’s MLB Game

With Ranger Suarez falling apart down the stretch and the Phillies offense currently banged up, the Marlins offer solid value as home underdogs ahead of tonight's divisional matchup in Miami.

Rohit Ponnaiya • Betting Analyst
Sep 5, 2024 • 11:21 ET • 4 min read

This article contains predictions for an old game!

Latest MLB Picks
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

The Philadelphia Phillies and Miami Marlins begin a four-game series in the Sunshine State tonight. 

Although Philadelphia is one of the best teams in the league, my Phillies vs. Marlins predictions are betting on the home team to pull off the upset. Here are my best free MLB picks for this NL East showdown on Thursday, September 5.

Phillies vs Marlins prediction

My best bet
Marlins moneyline (+200 at bet365)

My analysis

The Philadelphia Phillies are massive -250 road favorites today, and given how inconsistent starter Ranger Suarez has been, that line looks like a trap.

Keep in mind that while Suarez had a 1.83 ERA with a 0.92 WHIP in his first 16 starts of the year, he has pitched to a 6.90 ERA with a 1.60 WHIP in six starts since. That ugly stretch began with an ugly outing against the Miami Marlins on June 30, surrendering 10 hits and six runs through 4 2/3 innings. 

The Marlins were one of the worst-hitting teams in the NL for the first half of the year, but they've since picked things up. Before the All-Star break, they ranked 29th in the majors in OPS (.638) and averaged just 3.5 runs per game. However, since the break, they've improved to 15th in OPS (.735) and are now averaging 4.42 runs per game.

Although the Phillies boast a strong lineup, they tend to underperform on the road and could be without two of their top hitters — All-Star slugger Bryce Harper and Alec Bohm — who both missed last night’s game due to injuries. With Philadelphia comfortably atop the NL East, it makes sense to give them another day of rest, making the home side even more tempting at  +200. 

MORE MLB PICKS

Phillies vs Marlins same-game parlay (SGP)

Phillies moneyline

Derek Hill 1+ hits

Brandon Marsh 1+ hits

+650 at DraftKings

Derek Hill is slashing a modest .238 this year, but his expected batting average is a respectable .259. He has the platoon advantage against Suarez and has gone 3-for-4 at the dish against the left-hander in his career.

Although I like the moneyline value on fading Suarez and the Phillies, I'm still not sold on Marlins starter Adam Oller. There's a reason the 29-year-old has bounced between the minors and the bigs, as he sports a 5.30 ERA with a 1.31 WHIP in 52 2/3 innings in Triple-A this year. Brandon Marsh holds the platoon advantage against Oller and is batting .364 over his last 10 games. 

Learn how to bet a same-game parlay with these helpful tips and strategies.

Phillies vs Marlins odds
Phillies vs Marlins live odds

Phillies vs Marlins opening odds
Moneyline: Philadelphia -240 | Miami +195
Run line: Philadelphia -1.5 (-140) | Miami +1.5 (+120)
Over/Under: Over 8 (-110) | Under 8 (-110)
Phillies vs Marlins moneyline and Over/Under analysis
The Phillies are 9-2 in their last 11 games and have the second-best record in the majors at 83-56.
While the Marlins hold the third-worst record in the majors at 53-87, they have won six of their last 10 games.
Miami is 4-3 in the last seven meetings between these divisional foes, with all of those wins coming as underdogs of +180 or larger.
Phillies vs Marlins trend

The Marlins have hit the team total Over in 22 of their last 34 games at home (+8.55 Units / 21% ROI). Find more MLB betting trends for Phillies vs. Marlins.

Phillies vs Marlins game info
Location:	LoanDepot Park, Miami, FL
Date:	Thursday, 9-5-2024
First pitch:	6:40 p.m. ET
TV:	NBC Sports Philadelphia, Bally Sports Florida
Phillies starting pitcher:	Ranger Suarez
(11-6, 3.02 ERA)
Marlins starting pitcher:	Adam Oller
(1-1, 3.31 ERA)
Phillies vs Marlins latest injuries

Phillies vs Marlins weather

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Our team of experts has thoroughly researched and handpicked each product that appears on our website. We may receive compensation if you sign up through our links.

Pages related to this topic
PA Sportsbooks
When Will Sports Betting Be Legal In Florida
Georgia Sports Betting
Rhode Island Sports Betting
Pennsylvania Real Money Online Casinos
MLB Betting Sites
Best Pennsylvania Sportsbook Promotions
Best PA Betting Apps
Best Florida Online Casinos
Pennsylvania online casino bonuses
   
Rohit Ponnaiya
Betting Analyst

With a background playing soccer, rugby, and boxing, combined with a journalism degree, it's little surprise that Rohit gravitated towards the world of sports betting. He specializes in betting on UFC and college basketball, two sports where the eyeball test can tell you a lot more about matchups than any analytics. Rohit has years of experience handicapping NFL and NBA games as well as niche betting markets such as politics and Oscar odds. He's also the resident CFL expert and formerly hosted "The Chez and Ro Show" with former CFL star Davis Sanchez.

You can catch Rohit breaking down every UFC event with Joe Osborne on "P4P Picks" on the Covers YouTube channel and he also has regular appearances on "Before You Bet" with Joe. In addition, he's a regular guest on "By The Book" on the Monumental Sports Network and makes guest appearances on VSIN's "The Handle" and CBS Sports.

Rohit primarily makes his bets at bet365, which offers a wide variety of prop markets, but also has accounts at several others so he can shop around for the best prices. For Rohit, bankroll management is key. He believes you should never bet what you can't afford to lose and maximize those few betting opportunities where books misprice a line.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Same-game parlay
Odds
Trend to know
Game info
Upcoming Picks
 Vikings vs Rams Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Jason Logan
Popular Content
 2025 Cy Young Odds: Burnes Joins NL Fray in Arizona
Jason Wilson | Jan 3, 2025
 2025 World Series Odds: Mets Put Chips in on Soto
Jason Wilson | Dec 13, 2024
 2025 MLB MVP Odds: Betting Lines for AL & NL MVP Race
Jason Wilson | Dec 11, 2024
 Juan Soto Next Team Odds: Weighing His Options
Jason Wilson | Dec 4, 2024
 2024 Rookie of the Year Odds: Skenes, Gil Win Honors
Jason Wilson | Nov 19, 2024
 World Series MVP Odds: Freeman Wins World Series MVP
Jason Wilson | Oct 31, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2025 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/mlb/phillies-vs-marlins-prediction-picks-tonight-thursday-9-5-2024 
 ----- 
