    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  WI v Pak: Rain plays spoilsport as first T20I gets washed out...
SPORTS
WI v Pak: Rain plays spoilsport as first T20I gets washed out after nine overs
July 28, 2021 0
Hasan Ali (3rdL), Shareen Afridi (2ndR) and Shadab Khan (R) of Pakistan celebrate the dismissal of Evin Lewis (4thL) of West Indies during the 1st T20I between West Indies and Pakistan at Kensington Oval, Bridgetown, Barbados, on July 28, 2021. (Photo by Randy Brooks / AFP) (Photo by RANDY BROOKS/AFP via Getty Images)

Incessant rain first reduced the first West Indies-Pakistan T20I to a nine-over shootout before eventually washing away the match. Pakistan had chosen to bowl first under cloudy skies with rain also predicted, but the teams raced off to the dressing room just after completing their national anthems. It took almost three hours for the rain to stop and the ground to dry, with the umpires then deciding to curtail the contest.

But of whatever was played, Kieron Pollard and the Pakistan bowlers combined to ensure there was entertaining cricket while it lasted.

All it took right-arm pacer Mohammad Wasim to land a blow was five balls, although that was not a wicket. In the second over of the West Indies innings, he pitched one short of a length on middle and off, and got it to angle in with the bounce on to Lendl Simmons, who missed his pull. The ball instead hit him on the right side of his neck, immediately inviting the physio on the ground, who decided to take Simmons off with a sling protecting his right arm.

Wasim was taken off after that, but returned to bowl the seventh over. After hurting Simmons, he then had Chris Gayle caught at long-on as the bowler now brought out slower ball Gayle, who had come in after Simmons, played away from his body to try and heave that, but only found the fielder in search of rapid runs.

Just wickets and sixes

Amidst a flurry of dot balls – which were 30 in total – and a bunch of extras, which contributed 14, there were four wickets claimed with as many sixes slammed from the second over until the seventh. Hasan Ali took two, while Mohammad Hafeez, Usman Qadir and Wasim all grabbed a wicket each. Nicholas Pooran cracked twin sixes off Hafeez, before Gayle deposited Shadab Khan over his head and Andre Russell dispatched Qadir over extra cover.

Pollard provides late entertainment, but Hasan delivers tooPollard arrived at the crease with one ball of the sixth over left, but only watched from the other end as Gayle fell in the following over with West Indies’ run rate still under nine an over. With Pollard on strike, Hasan Ali was brought back for the eighth after foxing Evin Lewis off his first ball earlier in the innings. This time, Ali was whacked first ball over deep square leg, as Pollard swung his bat to a good length ball on middle and leg, and despite not quite finding the middle of the bat, sent the ball sailing over deep square leg. But that was the only boundary Ali conceded off his two overs, digging the slower balls perfectly on a rain-affected pitch to keep the West Indies batters quiet. Ali got Shimron Hetmyer three balls later, with the hosts struggling for momentum amidst the flurry of cutters from the visiting bowlers.

Kieron Pollard launches a six, West Indies vs Pakistan, 1st T20I, Bridgetown, July 28, 2021©AFP/Getty Images

 

Pollard was on 10 off 5 deliveries when only four balls remained in the innings, and the West Indies captain ensured they were well taken care of. A dot ball later, Shaheen Afridi pitched one short on middle and leg as Pollard pulled fiercely to bisect deep square leg and deep midwicket for four. After nabbing two more runs, he ended with a maximum by sending the ball crashing over deep square leg when he made room to a length ball on middle and off, and pulled with disdain. Although he got 12 runs off the last three balls, rain would have the final say with Pakistan not having to chase the total. (ESPNcricinfo)

 

Advertisement _____
Previous article
Ganja, cocaine found during police raid in Reg. 6
Next article
Central Fire Station to be moved to Homestretch Avenue – Min. Benn
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
FL Sport supports Polly’s Nursery School
Sports
Two-tier World Test Championship system would signal the end of West Indies cricket – Sir Clive Lloyd
Sports
GDF ‘A’ surges to Women’s Football title
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
FL Sport supports Polly’s Nursery School
Editor - January 7, 2025
UG’s Andrew Thom receives reputable overseas awards
Editor - January 7, 2025
Walk-in locations being established for cash grant registration – Finance Minister
Editor - January 7, 2025
32 workplace deaths reported for 2024
Editor - January 7, 2025
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
July 2021
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2	3	4
5	6	7	8	9	10	11
12	13	14	15	16	17	18
19	20	21	22	23	24	25
26	27	28	29	30	31	 
« Jun   Aug »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2021/07/28/wi-v-pak-rain-plays-spoilsport-as-first-t20i-gets-washed-out-after-nine-overs/ 
 ----- 
