Skip to main content

Follow us on
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
 
The Jamaica Star
Home
News
Sports
Entertainment
Tell Me Pastor
Videos
Photos
More
Lifestyle
Features
Chill Spot
Bills Free
Commentary
Jobs
Latest News
Pause
Four arrested by MOCA in Sagicor scheme fraud operation
Sir Patrick Allen to undergo surgery today
Fake talent scout imprisoned for forcing teen to perform sex acts
Marisa Dalrymple-Philibert to stand trial in statutory declarations case
Sports
BRILLIANT BOYZ - Jamaica blank hosts Nicaragua 2-0 in Concacaf Nations League
by
GREGORY BRYCE - Staff Reporter
October 11, 2024
WhatsApp
Share
Photo

The Reggae Boyz were a bit too good for their Central American opponents Nicaragua as they ran out 2-0 winners in last night's Concacaf Nations League A Group B encounter at the Nicaragua National Football Stadium.

The goals were scored on either side of the half-time break as an own goal by Nicaraguan defender Josue Quijano in the first half and a close-range strike from Romario Williams in the second half secured all three points.

The Reggae Boyz, despite being outshot by Nicaragua in the final match statistics, were in firm control of the game as they showed a solid defensive performance to see out their second win of the Nations League group stages.

They had started the game brightly and came close to opening the scoring in the opening 10 minutes of play.

A cross into the box from Bobby DeCordova-Reid lured goalkeeper Jason Vega off his line and allowed Williams an open header in the box from close range. However, Williams headed wide to the obvious relief of the Nicaraguan fans.

It would not last long, however, as despite growing into the game, Nicaragua conceded in the 32th minute. A series of passes out wide between Tyreek Magee and Reid saw defender Quijano turning the ball into his own net from the delivery into the box.

Nicaragua knocked on the door with a series of half chances but could not beat Andre Blake between the sticks.

With much more purpose in the second half, Jamaica doubled their lead when Williams found himself on the end of a shot from Gregory Leigh in the 69th minute.

Jamaica survived a late scare in the dying moment of the game as an acrobatic effort from a Nicaraguan attacker was parried by Blake who earned his clean sheet on the night.

The win means Jamaica sit atop Group B with seven points with Honduras in second with six points while Nicaragua remain in third with four.

The Boyz will return to the island for their second match of the October international window and will face Honduras at the National Stadium on Monday.

Featured Video
Other Sports Stories
Short-priced winners dominate Reggae 6
Speid lashes out at punishing JPL schedule
Garvey Maceo to focus on mental preparation
Shaw sidelined by injury
Dottin second highest purchase at WPL auction
Boys’ Town make winning start in KSAFA Championship
India dominate West Indies Women in opening T20
Wolves fire Gary O’Neil
Videos
STAR CAP: Murder on TikTok Live | Barrels of guns found at wharf | Lisa Hyper hyped for Gaza reunion
Dec 14th 2024
'It's a blessing' - Lisa Hyper celebrates Portmore Empire reunion
Dec 14th 2024
Vosanity dreams of stardom
Dec 12th 2024
IRIE CHRISTMAS: D'Angel determined to Spread A Little Love this Christmas
Dec 11th 2024
More Videos
Photos
Weddy Weddy Wednesdays
Jul 28th 2020
Day Rave Thursdayz
Jul 28th 2020
360 Global Entertainment Launch
Mar 14th 2020
Bacchanal Fridays Soca Party
Mar 3rd 2020
More Photos
Home
Gleaner Blogs
Gleaner Online
Go-Jamaica
Feedback
Disclaimer
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
RSS Feed
Contact Us
Dating
Star ePaper
Mobile

Copyright © 2021 The Gleaner Company (Media) Limited. A member of the RJRGLEANER Communications Group. All Rights Reserved.

We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience

By clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.

 No, give me more info
Accept No, thanks
The chat window has been closed
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://jamaica-star.com/article/sports/20241011/brilliant-boyz-jamaica-blank-hosts-nicaragua-2-0-concacaf-nations-league 
 ----- 
