Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.

Loading

ICC Cricket World Cup 2023: New Zealand vs South Africa – as it happened

Loading

Loading

By Kevin Hand
Published On 1 Nov 2023
1 Nov 2023

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Click here to share on social media

This blog is now closed. Thanks for joining us. These were the updates from the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 match between South Africa and New Zealand on November 1:

Live updates
Match stats
Lineups
1 Nov 2023 - 16:08 (16:08 GMT)
Goodbye from Pune

New Zealand lose three on the bounce after such a strong start and what a defeat it was, as well.

They now face a crunch clash against Pakistan on Saturday in Bangalore.

The Kiwis have slipped to fourth with the heavy net run rate defeat and are two points above their opponents on Saturday.

South Africa go top, a position India could reclaim against Sri Lanka tomorrow before the two teams meet on Sunday in Kolkata.

What a game that promises to be.

We hope you enjoyed the action in Pune today.

Join us back for more live coverage of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 soon.

For now from Hafsa Adil and myself, Kevin Hand, it’s goodbye.

Click here to share on social media
1 Nov 2023 - 16:02 (16:02 GMT)
Bavuma beams about big win

South Africa captain Temba Bavuma gave his side a solid start with a cameo.

A double century partnership between Quinton de Kock and Rassie van der Dussen really set the tone though.

“A clinical display with the bat,” Bavuma said.

“We handled the challenge up top with the ball nipping around.

“There was something on offer for the bowlers, so we tried to be as tight as we could and pounce on the bad balls.

“Quinton hung in there and wasn’t too fluid at the beginning but got the runs in the end.

“We knew we could get the runs with the big hitters coming in.

“Then we sustained the pressure with the ball and were clinical with the executions of our skills.

“We wanted the bowlers to be clinical and dominate the first Powerplay.”

Click here to share on social media
1 Nov 2023 - 15:59 (15:59 GMT)
Latham doesn’t regret fielding first

New Zealand captain Tom Latham won the toss but lost the match.

It was tough to take the margin of defeat for the Kiwis, but he had no regrets about winning the toss and fielding.

“I don’t think so, you have to back yourself to play your best and credit to them,” he said.

“We were obviously put under pressure by the partnership at the top.

“I even thought at the halfway mark it was a big score, but a decent surface.

“You need to build partnerships but we were three or four down early.

“If we got some decent partnerships then it could have been a good game on a small ground.”

Click here to share on social media
1 Nov 2023 - 15:48 (15:48 GMT)
Player of the Match – Rassie van der Dussen

After a brilliant century, Rassie van der Dussen was named Player of the Match.

He shared a double-century stand with Quinton de Kock.

“Quinton and I thought they bowled pretty well up front,” van der Dussen said.

“The run rate was hovering at four runs an over and we had to work hard. When Quinton got to fifty he said it was really hard work.

“He guided me through the options I had to take and we played quite nicely. The ball then got softer and it worked out nicely.

“If you hit a good length there was something in it for the bowlers. If you bowled a Test match length there was something there.”

Click here to share on social media
1 Nov 2023 - 15:41 (15:41 GMT)
South Africa win by 190 runs!

Phillips sends one in the air to Rabada at mid-on.

He falls for 60 as Coetzee takes the wicket.

Brilliant innings from him.

A horror show – a day too late to be scripted – for New Zealand.

Click here to share on social media
1 Nov 2023 - 15:37 (15:37 GMT)
35 overs. New Zealand 161-9

Phillips gets the first ball of Maharaj’s over away through the covers for four.

The second ball sails over long-on for six.

Inside out of extra cover for four and that’s fifty from 46 balls.

Very well batted while there was chaos at the other end.

Single taken and two balls for Henry to face Maharaj, which he defends.

Click here to share on social media
1 Nov 2023 - 15:34 (15:34 GMT)
34 overs. New Zealand 146-9

This is an extraordinary game of cat and mouse.

Phillips is carving the ball away at times with some fantastic stops on the boundary.

All for dot balls.

With Henry hampered, it’s just fours and sixes or bust for Phillips.

He gets the third ball of the over away through midwicket for four more.

He gets the single he wants off the last ball.

Click here to share on social media
1 Nov 2023 - 15:30 (15:30 GMT)
33 overs. New Zealand 141-9

Phillips slogs for six and then drops a single, leaving Henry with one ball to face.

As much as the Kiwis want to limit the defeat margin, South Africa want their net run rate boosted.

The field all come up and Henry blocks the last ball.

Click here to share on social media
Sign up for Al Jazeera
Weekly Newsletter
The latest news from around the world. Timely. Accurate. Fair.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
1 Nov 2023 - 15:28 (15:28 GMT)
32 overs. New Zealand 134-9

A single off the over and South Africa’s wait for the final wicket goes on.

Meanwhile, New Zealand are worried about their net run rate. A defeat may still not knock them off the third spot.

Replays show Henry in pain with that hamstring injury. This innings won’t help him but they have to minimise the margin of defeat.

Phillips is taking on the responsibility to face most of the bowling.

Click here to share on social media
1 Nov 2023 - 15:23 (15:23 GMT)
31 overs. New Zealand 133-9

Henry is heavily tested by Maharaj after the wicket early in the over.

Four dot balls seen off to finish.

Click here to share on social media

SOURCE: AL JAZEERA AND NEWS AGENCIES
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/liveblog/2023/11/1/live-match-new-zealand-vs-south-africa-icc-cricket-world-cup-2023 
 ----- 
