Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
San Francisco Giants' LaMonte Wade Jr. Is the Best Player in the Last 50 Years in This Incredibly Specific Clutch Category
Have a late-game situation you need a base knock in? Call San Francisco Giants utility man LaMonte Wade Jr.
Brady Farkas | Sep 12, 2023
San Francisco Giants' LaMonte Wade Jr. Is the Best Player in the Last 50 Years in This Incredibly Specific Clutch Category /
In this story:
San Francisco Giants

The San Francisco Giants beat the Cleveland Guardians on Monday night 5-4 in 10 innings.

LaMonte Wade Jr. solidified the come-from-behind victory with a walk-off single in the bottom of the 10th inning. The win moved the Giants to 74-70 on the year and kept them in the mix in the National League playoff picture. They are now just 1.5 games back of the third and final wild card spot.

Wade went 3-for-5 in the win and made some incredibly random and specific baseball history.

Per @OptaSTATS on social media:

LaMonte Wade Jr. of the @SFGiants now has a .611 career batting average (11-for-18) in the 9th inning or later of a tie game. 

That's the highest such average by any MLB player in the last 50 years (min. 15 PA).

Wade is hitting .258 for the season with 14 homers and 39 RBI. The 29-year-old has added two stolen bases and has posted a .781 OPS.

He's in his fifth year in the big leagues and his third with the Giants. He made his debut in 2019 with the Minnesota Twins and stayed there for two seasons before arriving in San Francisco.

Lifetime, he's a .241 hitter with 42 home runs and 127 RBI.

The Giants and Guardians will play each other again on Tuesday night. First pitch is set for 9:45 p.m. ET as Cal Quantrill (CLE) goes against Sean Manaea (SF).

Quantrill is 2-6 with a 5.70 ERA this year while Manaea is 5-5 with a 5.00 ERA.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Check out more San Francisco Giants coverage at Sports Illustrated and FanNation's Giants Baseball Insider.

Published Sep 12, 2023
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/san-francisco-giants-lamonte-wade-jr-makes-baseball-history-with-best-batting-average-in-last-50-years-in-tie-games-of-ninth-inning-or-later 
 ----- 
