Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
NFL
"Toy Story" characters set to join the NFL universe in innovative ESPN broadcast

ESPN will present this broadcast during the Falcons-Jaguars game in London

The new broadcast will look to attract younger viewersTW@espn
TA
Actualizado 11/09/2023 - 20:47 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Seahawks' DK Metcalf's cheap shot outrages fans and sparks calls for a suspension
Micah Parsons ridicules the Giants and sends message to entire NFL: Y'all thought this was a game?

In a move blending animation and football, ESPN is gearing up to showcase one of its upcoming matches in a style never witnessed before. This special event, titled "Toy Story Funday Football," promises a "fully-animated" take on the showdown between the Jaguars and the Falcons.

"Toy Story" magic NFL meets in innovative ESPN broadcastR.O.

What makes this venture particularly intriguing is its label as a "first-of-its-kind NFL presentation." Viewers can expect to see their favorite football players rendered in animation, all set against the backdrop of the Toy Story universe, specifically in 'Andy's Room'.

The official statement details, "Fans will view every run, pass, score and all football-related action through state-of-the-art tracking technology enabled by the NFL's Next Gen Stats player tracking data and Beyond Sports."

Bringing this magical fusion to life, the game will unfold in Andy's iconic bedroom. Familiar faces like Woody, Buzz, Bullseye, and more will spice up the sidelines. Everything, from the graphics to the halftime show, which will spotlight Duke Caboom, will resonate with the Toy Story flavor.

TW@espn

This merger by Disney+ seems inspired by Nickelodeon's innovative approach to the NFL playoffs back in 2021. That venture, which saw Saints coach Sean Payton get slimed, was praised for its refreshing twist on conventional NFL broadcasts.

MORE in MARCA
Jennifer Garner'...
Marca
What is the Co...
Marca

Opting for a unique approach, ESPN and Disney+ have chosen the Jaguars vs. Falcons game, set as part of the NFL's London tour, to pilot this concept. The game's timing, early in the morning, suggests that this otherwise overlooked matchup could serve as a trial for more such broadcasts in the future.

Football enthusiasts and Toy Story fans alike can catch the action on both Disney+ and ESPN+. For those who prefer a more traditional viewing experience, the regular broadcast will air on NFL+ and ESPN+.

NFL - English
Jacksonville Jaguars - English
Atlanta Falcons - English
TV Shows - English
ESPN - English
New England PatriotsMac Jones bids farewell to the Patriots and will accept a new role upon return home
Atlanta FalconsKirk Cousins forgets about his injury with a million-dollar contract with the Atlanta Falcons
Kansas City ChiefsBrittany Mahomes makes unexpected revelation that shocks fans: She has a broken back
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Steve Sarkisian Net Worth: How...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/2023/09/12/64ffbce7e2704e36908b456c.html 
 ----- 
