Skip to content
Subscribe Now
15°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Lake County
Geauga County
Cuyahoga County
Ohio News
National News
Opioid Epidemic
Election
Traffic
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Cleveland Browns
Cleveland Cavaliers
Cleveland Guardians
Ohio State
Lake County Captains
Monsters
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
Movies
Music and Concerts
Theater
Restaurants Food and Drink
Recipes
Travel
TV Listings
Comics
More Puzzles
Jumble and More
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Marketplace
Jobs
Classifieds
Tools
Contact Us
Advertise
Contests
Submit Announcements
Newsstand Locations
Mobile Apps
GasBuddy
Lottery
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSNBACLEVELAND CAVALIERS
Cavaliers striving to continually improve in early going
Cavaliers guard Caris LeVert goes to the basket past Magic guard Cole Anthony on Nov. 1. (Sue Ogrocki – The Associated Press)
By JEFF SCHUDEL | jschudel@news-herald.com | The News-Herald
PUBLISHED: November 2, 2024 at 2:16 PM EST

The Cavaliers improved to 6-0 when they beat the Orlando Magic, 120-109, on Nov.1 at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse. The only other undefeated team in the NBA is Oklahoma City, but the Thunder are 4-0, so that must man the Cavs are the best team in the league less than a month into the season. Right?

Leave it to All-Star guard Donovan Mitchell to pump the breaks on the party train.

“I don’t mean any disrespect, but it doesn’t really mean anything,” Mitchell said. “The goal is to just continue to play good basketball and build good habits. It’s great that we’re learning these in wins.

“I’ve said this before. It’s always great to learn through victory. There are things we can clean up. We’re playing good basketball, but this is a test. Can we consistently do it?”

The same player has not yet been the Cavaliers’ high scorer in back-to-back games. Through six games, Ty Jerome, Darius Garland, Mitchell and Caris LeVert have led the team in assists on various nights. Garland and Mitchell did it twice. LeVert had a team-best seven assists off the bench in the Orlando game.

Simply, the Cavaliers have been successful early because different players are filling key roles every game. Jarrett Allen scored 20 points against the Lakers on Oct. 30. He scored only two points against Orlando while hitting on one of three shots, but the way the Magic defended Allen in the paint opened scoring opportunities for other players.

Levert led the team in plus/minus in the Orlando game at plus-18, meaning the Cavs outscored the Magic by 18 points when LeVert was on the floor. Sam Merrill led the Cavs at plus-25 in the 134-110 demolition of the Lakers. LeVert scored 16 points off the bench and was plus 20 in the Lakers game.

Cavs coach Kenny Atkinson knew of LeVert before being hired in Cleveland in June because he was the head coach in Brooklyn when LeVert played for the Nets. Atkinson last coached LeVert in Brooklyn in the 2019-20 season. LeVert has become a more efficient player, Atkinson said.

“He’s buying in,” Atkinson said after the Orlando game. “He’s dribbling less. He’s getting to the rim quicker. He’s getting the ball and shooting without hesitating. And, of course, he’s defending.”

LeVert is averaging 21.7 minutes a game in his bench role. He is averaging 12 points, 4.3 assists and less than a turnover (0.8) a game.

Around the Web
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Tardive
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Which Company Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Nevada (Check Zip Code)
OTTO Quotes
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The Bra Designed by a 70-year-old Grandma is Sweeping Nevada!
Dotmalls
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Las Vegas: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
What Triggers Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Shock You! (Learn More)
Myeloma Symptoms I Search Ads
Signals of Psoriatic Arthritis You Shouldn't Ignore but Most People Do!
Psoriatic Arthritis
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Cops Called in Hours After Couple Begins Renovation on Their Old Home
dailysportx
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
If You Have Vertigo Dizziness, Watch This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Las Vegas: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Scientists: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
Pregnant Waitress Brought to Tears by Cop's Note
gloriousa
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
BioGrow
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
Worried About Inflation? Try This Gold Strategy
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health News | Diabetes
10 Worst Foods You Should Never Eat After 50
HEALTH NATURAL
15 Most Unhealthy Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
Health Natural
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Diamonds
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Willoughby Police Department remains focused on keeping community secure
Willoughby Police Department remains focused on keeping community secure
Lake Catholic football quartet highlights OHSFCA academic All-Ohio list
Lake Catholic football quartet highlights OHSFCA academic All-Ohio list
Food distribution at Eastlake Senior Center remains prevalent
Food distribution at Eastlake Senior Center remains prevalent
News-Herald players of the week for Jan. 8
News-Herald players of the week for Jan. 8
Man gets 18 years for felonious assault
Man gets 18 years for felonious assault
Cavaliers ‘Let ’em know’ they are legit after quieting Thunder, 129-122 | Jeff Schudel
Cavaliers 'Let 'em know' they are legit after quieting Thunder, 129-122 | Jeff Schudel
Riverside School Board selects new president, communication process in split votes
Riverside School Board selects new president, communication process in split votes
Triplett being retried in killing of Mentor resident
Triplett being retried in killing of Mentor resident
West Geauga wrestling: Wolverines are intent on taking another big step this season
West Geauga wrestling: Wolverines are intent on taking another big step this season
Aaron Rodgers proved in Week 18 that he can still play at a high level if any NFL team wants him
Aaron Rodgers proved in Week 18 that he can still play at a high level if any NFL team wants him
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN SPORTS
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Notre Dame gets late interception, field goal to beat Penn State, 27-24, and advance to CFP championship game
John Carroll men’s basketball wins fifth straight
High school sports scoreboard for Jan. 9
Orange vs. Perry boys basketball: Lions’ third-quarter run ends Pirates’ chances in 61-50 defeat
2024
November
2
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit Announcements
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
iOS App
Android App
News-Herald
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
CLASSIFIEDS
Place Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
Jobs
Network Advertising
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.news-herald.com/2024/11/02/cavaliers-striving-to-continually-improve-in-early-going/ 
 ----- 
