HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

WORLD FOOTBALL

Portugal vs Republic of Ireland predicted lineup, betting tips, odds, injury news, H2H, telecast | International Friendlies 2024
Published at :
June 10, 2024 at 10:18 AM
Modified at :
June 10, 2024 at 10:18 AM

Manav Chowdhury

0
0
Last stop for Cristiano Ronaldo’s side ahead of Euro 2024

Portugal are going to face Ireland in their last friendly match as they are preparing for the upcoming Euro. Even though Portugal lost to Croatia in their first friendly match they still have enough quality to be given a very tough time to the away team.

Overall Portugal’s team is filled with top-quality players as they are led by Cristiano Ronaldo who broke many records in the Saudi Pro League. Portugal are one of the teams who are favourites to win this upcoming UEFA Euro 2024 tournament. Roberto Martinez will be hoping to have a good tournament in Germany.

Ireland failed to qualify for the Euro and it doesn’t have a good record against Portugal but still, they have players who are capable enough to give Portugal a tough time on the pitch, and they are good enough of beat the home team with their counter-attacking gameplay.

Before going into this tournament winning this match will be very important for the home team as they will need to be confident going into the tournament. Ireland will have to give their best to get something positive from this match.

Kick-Off:

Tue, 11th June, 2024, 06:45 PM (GMT), 02:45 PM (EST)

Wed, 12th June, 2024, 12:15 AM (IST)

Stadium: Estadio Municipal de Aveiro

Form

Portugal Form (All Competitions): W-W-WL-W-L

Ireland Form (All Competitions): W-L-D-D-L-W

Players to Watch
Bernardo Silva (Portugal)

Silva’s playing style is a delightful blend of attacking flair, technical brilliance, and exceptional vision. His unique skills and techniques set him apart as one of the best players in the world.

Silva’s close control, quick feet, and agility allow him to navigate through tight spaces, elude defenders, and dictate the flow of the game. Silva’s astute vision and creative mindset enable him to spot gaps in the opposition’s defence, threading through balls, and creating scoring chances.

Sammie Szmodics (Ireland)

Despite Szmodics having no standout feature to his game, it’s his dynamism that makes him so good. His ability to play with the ball at his feet or intelligent runs in behind makes him a handful, causing defenders huge problems. He is a good playmaker as well and is not a selfish player inside the box, it’s his passing ability which opens the opposition defences wide open.

Match Facts
Portugal score 4.33 goals when playing at home and Ireland score 1.25 goals when playing away (on average).
The average number of goals in meetings between Portugal and Ireland is 2.6.
Their last meeting was a draw. (0-0).
Portugal vs Ireland: Betting Tips and Odds
Tip 1 – Portugal to win
Tip 2 – Both teams to score
Tip 3 – Bruno Fernandes to score any time

Portugal have 1.28 odds in favour of them winning this fixture, 5.60 odds in favour of the match ending in a draw and Ireland have 8.60 odds in favour of them winning the match.

Trending World Football Articles:
Top five most successful English clubs of all-time
Managers with most trophies in football history
Top 10 most valuable teams in MLS 2024
Euro 2024: Start date, end date, telecast & more
Top 10 clubs with most Premier League titles
Injury and Team News

Portugal and Ireland both teams don’t have any players injured and all the players will be available for the match. We can expect Roberto Martinez to give chances to players who didn’t play in the friendly match against Croatia.

Head-to-Head

Matches: 15

Portugal: 8

Ireland: 4

Draws: 3

Also Read: Portugal predicted lineup for UEFA Euro 2024; Cristiano Ronaldo to lead the line once again

Predicted Lineups
Portugal Predicted Lineup (4-3-3):

Costa(GK); Mendes, Inacio, Dias, Dalot; Vitinha, Palhinha, Fernanades; Felix, Ronaldo, Silva

Ireland Predicted Lineup (5-4-1):

Kelleher(GK); Brady, O’Shea, Dara, Omobamidele, Doherty; Johnston, Cullen, Knight, Szmodics; Cannon

Match Prediction

Ireland will face a very tough challenge away from home, recently their record in away matches has been very poor. Even though Portugal lost their friendly game against Croatia, but still the home team have enough quality to beat the Irish team.

Prediction: Portugal 2-0 Ireland

Telecast

India: Sony Sports Network, Sony Liv

UK: Premier Sports 2

USA: ESPN, FOX Sports

Nigeria: No Telecast

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Ligue 1 fires shot at Cristiano Ronaldo's latest comment on the league
EA FC 25 Gavi Winter Wildcards SBC: Stats, requirements & more
Everton vs Nottingham Forest Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Udinese vs Torino Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Sheffield United vs West Brom Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Top five managers with most FA Cup trophies
List of Mohun Bagan coaches and their performance in ISL
Top five Premier League clubs with most wins on Boxing Day
Six clubs with most Boxing Day defeats in Premier League history
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Click 

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/world-football-portugal-vs-ireland-international-friendlies-match-preview-202406 
 ----- 
