ES Fancast

Home
/
Soccer
Portugal Vs Ireland- Expected Starting Lineups, Injuries, Teams News, Live Streaming, TV Channels & Latest On Cristiano Ronaldo
By
Ruthu

Jun 10, 2024 | 1:00 PM EDT

via Imago

It’s less than a week to go before the Euros and the teams have one final shot to test different permutations and combinations. Portugal enters the competition as one favorite after an undisputed qualifying run with scintillating performances by Cristiano Ronaldo.

Watch What’s Trending Now!

Nevertheless, certain weaknesses were identified in the team’s performance during their recent match against Croatia. Despite defeating Finland 4-2, they succumbed to the Vatreni’s stupendous attack by losing 2-1 in the absence of their captain. But the Navigators will take on Ireland in the last pre-Euro friendly. But will they still choose to rest Ronaldo? Let’s take a look at the team news along with other necessary information regarding the fixture.

Portugal vs. Ireland: All you need to know including the latest update regarding Cristiano Ronaldo

ADVERTISEMENT

Article continues below this ad

Injury and Team news

Portugal: Everything would have been perfect for the navigators going into the main competition, if not for their star, Otavio’s injury. A teammate of Cristiano Ronaldo at Al Nassr, Otavio injured his muscle during the King Cup final in the Middle East. This comes after he sustained a hamstring injury in May but was yet selected in Portugal’s provisional squad after a promising spell for the club. However, he is now ruled out of the Euros. Apart from the 29-year-old, there are no other injuries.

via Getty

On the other hand, Cristiano Ronaldo is set for a comeback after he missed the last two games. The 5-time Ballon d’Or winner was given a few days of rest after a long season with the Knights of Najd and was seen on a brief vacation with his family. However, fans expect him to start the game before the 2016 champions face the Czech Republic in the opener. Additionally, the highly talented Rafael Leão is also expected to be in the starting eleven.

Ireland: The Boys in Green do not have any injuries.

ADVERTISEMENT

Article continues below this ad

Expected Lineups: Will Cristiano Ronaldo start?

Portugal: Diogo Costa, Diego Dalot, Ruben Dias, Nuno Mendes, Gonçalo Inácio, Joao Palhinha, Vitinha, Bruno Fernandes, Bernardo Silva, Rafael Leão, Cristiano Ronaldo.

Ireland: Caoimhin Kelleher; Seamus Coleman, Shane Duffy, Dara O’Shea; Matt Doherty, William Smallbone, Josh Cullen, Robbie Brady, Sammie Szmodics; Finn Azaz, Adam Idah.

ADVERTISEMENT

Article continues below this ad

Live Streaming and TV Channels

The game between the two European nations will commence at the Municipal Stadium in Aveiro on Tuesday, June 11th, 2024. The kick-off time is 1445 hrs ET and 1145 hrs PST. Fans worldwide can watch Cristiano Ronaldo and his team live on the Fox Sports network on TV and stream the game on Fubo App.

Share this with a friend:

Written By

Ruthu

1,156
Articles
Scoring with Soccer Stories
Ruthu is a Soccer writer at EssentiallySports. He found a passion for the sport through the remarkable 2002 World Cup-winning Brazilian team. Ruthu’s understanding of the intricacies of the sport allows him to churn out unique perspectives that his readers find engaging and insightful.
Know more

Edited By

Jacob Gijy

EssentiallySports is a digital-first sports media house that surfaces the best stories on America's favorite sports celebrities with a fan's perspective to 30+ M average monthly readers.

Sports

All

Boxing

Golf

NASCAR

NBA

NFL

Tennis

UFC

WNBA

College Football

Track And Field

Gymnastics

Olympics

MLB

Soccer

Swimming

EssentiallySports

About Us

Advertise With Us

Authors

Editorial Team

Behind The Scenes

Humans of EssentiallySports

Contact Us

Press

FAQs

Our Brands

ES Think Tank

Essentially Athletics

She Got Game

Essentially Golf

Lucky Dog on Track

FanCast

Privacy Policy

ES Pressroom

Ethics Policy

Fact-Checking Policy

Corrections Policy

Cookies Policy

GDPR Compliance

Terms Of Use

Editorial Guidelines

Ownership And Funding Information

Full Spectrum Services LLP © 2024 | All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.essentiallysports.com/soccer-football-news-portugal-vs-ireland-expected-starting-lineups-injuries-teams-news-live-streaming-tv-channels-latest-on-cristiano-ronaldo/ 
 ----- 
