Football
AFCON 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Athletics
English Premiership
Basketball
More
CONNECT WITH US

Hi, What Are You Looking For?

Capital Sports
John Avire celebrates his goal with Jonah Ayunga. PHOTO/Harambee Stars/X
FOOTBALL
Harambee Stars Clobber Namibia In Jo’burg To Stabilize AFCON ’25 Hunt

By

Timothy Olobulu

Published

September 10, 2024
9
SHARES
Share
Tweet

NAIROBI, Kenya, Sep 10 – Second half goals from John Avire and Duke Abuya were all Kenya’s Harambee Stars needed as they beat Namibia 2-1 at the Orlando Stadium in Johannesburg to put their 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) hopes steady after two matches.

Click here to connect with us on WhatsApp

Deon Hotto scored a last gasp freekick, but it was too little too late as Kenya had already sealed the win.

With the win, Stars move top of Group J ahead of Cameroon, who played to a 0-0 draw with Zimbabwe in the other group match played in Kampala.

A better second half performance saw Stars tear down the Brave Warriors, as they moved to four points, and potentially top of Group J.

Avire broke the deadlock with a sumptuous freekick before a textbook counter attack saw Abuya slot in the second with 14 minutes left to seal the victory away from home.

Stars were not at their best in the opening 45 minutes as they struggled to create an effort on target. The closest they came to goal was when Avire hang in the air to connect to an Abuya cross from the left, but his effort rose way over the bar.

On the contrary, Namibia were more offensive and inside the opening 10 minutes, Prince Tjueza and Hotto had worked Bryne Omondi in the Kenyan goal with shots that the latter handled well.

They also came close off a freekick, Omondi doing well to put a fingertip to Tjueza’s well curled effort for a fruitless corner.

ADVERTISEMENT. SCROLL TO CONTINUE READING.

In the second half, Stars started better and were rewarded when Avire curled home a brilliant freekick from the edge of the box after Abuya had been fouled at the edge of the box.

The Namibians put in a concerted effort to try and rally back, but Kenya’s defense line was hawkeyed to ensure they kept the potent attackline of Hotto, Tjueza and Peter Shalulile at bay.

And, off a brilliant piece of counter attacking play, Stars made it 2-0 in the 76th minute. A corner was well defended into the path of Eric ‘Marcelo’ Ouma on the left. The Poland-based defender turbo-charged past his marker before slashing a low cross that Abuya duly turned home.

Namibia finally got one back in the 95th minute when Hotto curled a freekick from distance, but it proved to be the last kick of the game.

In this article:
featured
LATEST
TRENDING
Saka Faces ‘More Than Two Months’ Out After Surgery – Arteta
Havertz Goal Sinks Ipswich And Send Arsenal Second On The EPL Table
Holders Blue Blue Battle Into Esse Akida Foundation Tourney Semis
SR Seeks To Create A Platform For Emerging African Drivers To Excel
Samitsi FC To Battle Soy United At The Karamoja Super Cup Finals
Four Last-Gasp Finishes On Dramatic Night In NBA
Smith Century Puts Australia On Top Against India
President Ruto Leads Kenyans In Mourning The Death Of Kenya’s Volleyball Icon Janet Wanja
Kenya’s Volleyball Icon Janet Wanja Is Dead At 40
Man United’s Set-Piece Curse Recur As Wolves Bag Maximum Points
ADVERTISEMENT
More On Capital Sports
DStv, GOtv Subscribers In For A Treat As UEFA Champions League Returns
Capital SportOctober 27, 2020
IN PICTURES: The New Look Nyayo National Stadium, 95pc Complete
Timothy OlobuluMay 25, 2020
Vihiga Queens Sail To CAF Champions League Qualifiers Final
Timothy OlobuluSeptember 6, 2021
Miserable State Of Former NFL Player Kenya’s Daniel Adongo
ALEX ISABOKEAugust 13, 2020

© 2024 Capital Digital Media. Capital Group Limited. All Rights Reserved

This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.capitalfm.co.ke/sports/2024/09/10/harambee-stars-clobber-namibia-in-joburg-to-stabilize-afcon-25-hunt/ 
 ----- 
