Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Phils turn toward NL WC, Marlins after closing regular season with a bang
Share
Phils turn toward NL WC, Marlins after closing regular season with a bang
October 3rd, 2023

Bill Ladson

@ladsonbill24
Share
;

6 SECONDS REMAINING

NEW YORK -- It was the final game of the regular season on Sunday at Citi Field and the Phillies were able to pick up their 90th victory by beating the Mets, 9-1. It’s the first time since 2011 that Philadelphia reached that 90-win plateau.

The score was tied at 1 in the top of the sixth inning, when Phillies third baseman Alec Bohm swung at an 0-2 pitch from right-hander José Butto and hit the ball over the right-field wall to give Philadelphia a lead it would never relinquish.

While the win total is nice, the health of the players means more to manager Rob Thomson. The entire roster should be ready to play baseball again starting Tuesday in the National League Wild Card Series at Citizens Bank Park. Right-hander Zack Wheeler will take the mound for Philadelphia in Game 1 against the Marlins. Miami won the season series against the Phillies, 7-6.

“You want to win every game, but not at the expense of any of your players this time of year,” Thomson said. “Ninety wins -- I don’t think it has happened very much here in the history of the organization. It feels good as the guys should be proud of that.”

Standings update: The Phillies (90-72) clinched the top National League Wild Card spot. They will host a Wild Card Series against the No. 2 Wild Card, facing the Marlins on Tuesday at Citizens Bank Park.

“The Marlins are a good club,” Thomson said. “They won the season series, so they match up well with us. We have a lot of prep to do. They can beat you in a lot of different ways. They have speed. They have great pitching. They have a couple of guys with some thump in their lineup.”

Related
Kepler excited to join Phillies: 'A bunch of ballers'

January 10th, 2025

Bohm, Suárez among six Phils avoiding arbitration with 2025 deals

January 10th, 2025

What are these 4 Phils' chances at 2025 HOF?

January 8th, 2025

'Chasing Greatness,' Latest Phillies video yearbook, premieres tonight

January 8th, 2025

Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Said Phillies outfielder Kyle Schwarber, “They’re all really good teams in the postseason. We have to do what we do great as an offense, a pitching staff and play great defense behind them. I feel like we have a team that stacks up really well against any pitching staff. 

“We are going to go out there and do what we need to do. We are going to try to find a way to win a game. At the end of the day, it doesn’t need to look pretty. It doesn’t need to look sexy or anything like that.”

On Monday, the coaching staff will meet with the scouting department to game plan for the Marlins.

The Phillies will then organize an advance meeting with the players based on the scouts’ information. The reports will be presented after the team workout, which starts at 3 p.m. ET. The practice is supposed to last about 90 minutes.

“It’s sort of a long day, but not too bad,” Thomson said.

It’s the second consecutive trip to the postseason for the Phillies. Last year, they were a Wild Card team and went as far as the World Series, but lost to the Astros in six games. There’s optimism about their chances of reaching that stage again. The Phillies added Trea Turner at shortstop, while rookie center fielder Johan Rojas has been a pleasant surprise with the bat and glove.

“I think a lot of guys have gained a lot of experience through [last year],” Thomson said. “They stayed poised through the entire time. The moment didn’t catch up with them and I think you learn from it and you grow from it and I think they have grown a lot.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

According to Thomson, the key to the Wild Card Series is not to panic. Just keep playing baseball.

“A lot of teams panic,” Thomson said. “They know it’s a short series. … They try to do too much. So their at-bats get out of whack. They chase. They try to hit a home run to lift the team up as opposed to taking what they give you.

“Just keep playing baseball. You still have seven, eight or whatever innings left. So that’s a constant message.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies

Bill Ladson has been a reporter for MLB.com since 2002. He covered the Nationals/Expos from 2002-2016.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/phillies-close-out-2023-with-rout-of-mets 
 ----- 
