Skip to content
Subscribe Now
70°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Politics
Health
Environment
Orange County
North OC
Anaheim
Brea
Buena Park
Cypress
Fullerton
Garden Grove
La Habra
La Palma
Orange + Villa Park
Placentia
Santa Ana
Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos
Stanton
Tustin
Westminster
Yorba Linda
South OC
Costa Mesa
Dana Point
Fountain Valley
Huntington Beach
Irvine
Laguna Beach
Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo
Laguna Hills
Ladera Ranch
Lake Forest
Laguna Woods
Mission Viejo
Newport Beach
Rancho Santa Margarita
San Clemente
San Juan Capistrano
Sports
Sports
Angels
Dodgers
Chargers
Rams
Ducks
Kings
Lakers
High School Sports
Clippers
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music + Concerts
Amusement Parks + Disneyland
Theater + Arts
Casinos
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Books
Comics
Puzzles
Best of Orange County
Orange County Register Store
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County January 10, 2025 at 10:23 am
SPORTSMLBLOS ANGELES DODGERSOpinion Columnist
Alexander: There really is optimism about Dodgers’ postseason chances
The twist is, not much of it comes from what has become a largely fatalistic fan base after several pitching injuries and premature playoffs exits
The Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani (17) celebrates in the dugout after Freddie Freeman drove him in with a three-run home run in the seventh inning against the Braves on Monday, Sept. 16, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)
By JIM ALEXANDER | jalexander@scng.com | The Press-Enterprise
UPDATED: September 17, 2024 at 7:51 PM PDT

There seems to be a disconnect in the way the Dodgers are perceived these days.

From the outside – i.e., observers who don’t see the team every day – they’re still considered favorites, or close to it, to go all the way. The smart guys in Las Vegas, in fact, listed the Dodgers as the favorites to win the World Series as of Monday, at odds ranging from +310 to +350, followed by the Philadelphia Phillies and New York Yankees in the +500 range.

Those who live and die with every pitch – or, more accurately, every scrap of news about another pitcher headed to the injured list – may see those odds and scoff. Or cringe.

Likely, it has something to do with recent Octobers, and teams that were expected to win but didn’t. And it has a lot to do with a starting pitching rotation that began the season looking like a committee of aces but now resembles a piece of paper that the family dog tore to shreds.

Tyler Glasnow, a health risk before the Dodgers traded for and extended him last winter, appears done for the year at least, and that elbow sprain could be far more serious than even we realize. Clayton Kershaw’s window for returning from an injury to his left big toe is closing fast, and we have to ponder the idea that maybe we will no longer see the Kershaw to which we’ve become accustomed the last 16 seasons.

Yoshinobu Yamamoto is in the early stages of his return from a rotator cuff strain, and his impact – and the return on the $325 million for which he signed in December – will be uncertain until he proves otherwise. His start Monday in Atlanta was less sharp than his return last week against the Cubs, but he’s still working his way back and in any event he’ll be an every-sixth-day pitcher.

Walker Buehler has had good days and bad days in his return (and sometimes, as in his Sunday start against the Braves, a combination of both). Bobby Miller has had mostly bad days (including a whopper of a bad one Tuesday in Miami), Gavin Stone is in a holding pattern with shoulder inflammation and the list of pitchers who have had season-ending injuries could almost fill a second rotation. The talk of Shohei Ohtani pitching in the postseason, or Tony Gonsolin returning from Tommy John surgery, to save the day in the postseason? Sounds like pure desperation.

And say what you will about Andrew Friedman and Brandon Gomes in the front office – and everybody in the organization has been on blast the last few weeks – but where would the Dodgers be at this point without deadline acquisitions Jack Flaherty, Michael Kopech and Tommy Edman?

Those who follow the team daily see a team with a $308.4 million Opening Day payroll, according to Cot’s Contracts, that led the division by nine games in mid-June but was just 3½ ahead going into Tuesday (and is an under-.500 team in September, 7-8, after Tuesday’s 11-9 loss to the Marlins). Given that recent history, they might not know what to make of these comments about the Dodgers from commentator Kevin Millar on MLB Network’s “Intentional Talk” on Monday afternoon:

“I just believe this is the team to beat. … Right now they’re kind of getting some mojo. Arizona’s been awesome, San Diego’s been awesome, but they (the Dodgers) aren’t going backward. They’re kind of moving forward, even with (Glasnow’s injury) … And do not sleep on (Shohei) Ohtani (pitching) … That lineup plays, and that starting staff plays.”

If you’re wondering which team Millar has been watching, that’s understandable.

It’s part of the beauty of baseball, a daily drama with all kinds of twists and turns ranging from ecstasy to excruciating. It’s the best reality show around, in an environment when the immediacy of live sports has become increasingly valuable TV programming.

To be a devoted fan is to suffer through the mistakes and the miscues and the losses. If your team can surmount those and celebrate in the end, why, you deserve to celebrate as well. (Which reminds us: These Dodgers still owe their fans a parade, after everyone was denied a 2020 party because of COVID-19.)

So I posed the question on Facebook, Threads and X: Are Dodger fans confident or pessimistic at this point? Some of the answers:

“The Dodgers have, at best, three healthy starters. I’ll be happy if they get through one series.” That on Facebook from former Press-Enterprise colleague Steve Straehley, who now lives in Florida, attended Saturday’s game in Atlanta and noted that while he included Buehler in that assessment, “after seeing Flaherty get lit up (in person) Saturday, I’m not sure it includes him.”

From Roberto Clemente Rincon: “The pitching staff was shaky even at full strength. … we’re basically down to one frontline starter for the playoffs. Def not enough to compete with SD, PHI, and ATL. Coupled with a manager (Dave Roberts) who gets exposed in Oct., might be another early exit.”

And, as another former P-E colleague, Tom Phillips, pointed out: “(Everyone) will call for Roberts’ head when they don’t have more than 2 guys who can go 5 innings.”

On X, Josh Thomas responded Monday afternoon: “Confident? No. They’re a below average defensive club with no one (at the moment) who should start a game 3 or 4. They need: 6+ (innings from Yamamoto and Flaherty) every time … heretofore unseen glovework … a dynamic offense top to bottom … Dino (Ebel, third base coach) on his A game … Doc (Roberts) not getting finessed with bench bat use.”

That was before Monday night’s series-splitting rout of the Braves. Afterward, he added: “I think the most of the Dodgers’ problems would be taken care of if they simply averaged 9 runs per game until the end of October.”

And on Threads, this from Paul Skupen (who describes himself as formerly from L.A. but now in Tokyo): “If Buehler’s start (Sunday) night was real, and Yamamoto’s two starts since coming off the IL are real, we got a chance.” Meanwhile, a correspondent with the screen name “chrisanc” wrote: “I’m apprehensive, but only because of all the pitching injuries. It is unrelated to previous Octobers.”

RELATED ARTICLES
Dodgers sign 4 arbitration-eligible players to 1-year contracts
Dodgers trade former top prospect Diego Cartaya to Twins
Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Reds
Teoscar Hernández, Dodgers thrilled to reunite on 3-year, $66M deal
Dodgers sign Korean infielder Hyeseong Kim to 3-year deal

This is admittedly an unscientific survey. But it’s consistent with the normal tenor of Dodger fans on social media, especially after so many unfulfilling Octobers and particularly after the first-round disappointments against San Diego in 2022 and Arizona in ’23. These may be the most fatalistic fans of a good team in all of baseball.

Maybe the last two months’ play and the continuing parade of injuries are setting us up for a great comeback story, an underdog tale reminiscent of 1988.

Then again, as former big-league manager Buck Showalter noted on MLB Network on Tuesday afternoon, the Padres are “the team I wouldn’t want to play” in the postseason.

So, Dodger fans, feel free to be afraid – or at least apprehensive – until you hear otherwise.

jalexander@scng.com

Originally Published: September 17, 2024 at 2:29 PM PDT
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Iowa Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Remodeling Star: Cheapest Way to Get a Walk in Shower in Your Area
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Breakthrough $59 Smartwatch Checks Blood Sugar Instantly
Ribili
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
71-year-old Grandma Shocked Doctors: Forget About Metformin, Try This!
Sugar Defender
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Diabetes Freedom
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Get Reading Glasses for Near and Far Vision, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Local Grandma Creates Popular Bra Worn by Women Everywhere!
Libiyi
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Nightly Cure: How Your Bedtime Routine Can Reset Nerve Damage
2025 Neuropathy Guide
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy is Sweeping Iowa
Rechol
Sneaky Way Iowa Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Always Place a Ziplock Bag on Your Car Mirror When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? Prepare to Have Your Mind Blown!
Tardive Dyskenisia
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
The Surprising Link Between Your Pillowcase and Aging
Blissy
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Iowa Rolls Out Policy for Drivers Traveling Under 50 Miles Daily
FlexGuide
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You (Take a Look!)
Tardive Dyskinesia
Warning Signs That You Have TNBC (See for Yourself)
TNBC Treatment I Search Ads
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Pregnant Waitress Brought to Tears by Cop's Note
gloriousa
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
Lioness Finds Scared Baby Deer and Then the Most Unexpected Thing Takes Place
hightally
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
Dermatologist Reveals Clinical Truth About Night-time Aging
Blissy
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Top 15 Most Unhealthy Foods for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Can't Ignore
Macular Degeneration
Council Bluffs: Unsold Diamond Rings Are Sold Almost for Nothing! Click Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Council Bluffs: Cataract Surgeons That May Be Worth a Visit!
Cataract Surgery
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Factcheck: Was the LAFD budget cut? No, it actually increased. Here’s how.
How to help Southern California wildfire victims
Disney Imagineers who built Disneyland lost their homes in Altadena fire
Anna Li, Jiani Wu suspended by U.S. Center for SafeSport for abusing athletes
Palisades fire tops 20,000 acres, crews achieve 8% containment
Dodgers sign 4 arbitration-eligible players to 1-year contracts
Another emergency evacuation alert sent erroneously by LA County
When will California’s Great America close? 7 signs the end is near
These are landmarks and businesses destroyed by Eaton, Palisades fires in LA County
Palisades fire damages or destroys more than 5,300 structures
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
20 some trees felled on property next to Environmental Nature Center in Newport Beach
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN LOS ANGELES DODGERS
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Dodgers sign 4 arbitration-eligible players to 1-year contracts
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Dodgers trade former top prospect Diego Cartaya to Twins
Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Reds
Teoscar Hernández, Dodgers thrilled to reunite on 3-year, $66M deal
2024
September
17
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Obituary
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT OC REGISTER
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work With Us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
CONTACT US
Corrections
OC Register Store
Reader Rewards
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
PARTNERS
Live Traffic Map
Newspapers in Education
Sponsor a Student
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ocregister.com/2024/09/17/alexander-there-really-is-optimism-about-dodgers-postseason-chances/ 
 ----- 
