Skip to content
Subscribe Now
60°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Politics
Health
Environment
Business
Best Reviews
Jobs
Housing
Local News
Local News
Whittier
Pico Rivera
Montebello
La Mirada
Santa Fe Springs
La Habra
La Habra Heights
Norwalk
Los Angeles
Los Angeles County
Sports
Sports
LA Varsity
Chargers
Rams
Lakers
Clippers
Dodgers
Angels
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Kings
Ducks
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Amusement Parks
Movies
Music + Concerts
Theater
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Daily News Store
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log In

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County January 10, 2025 at 10:23 am
SPORTSMLBLOS ANGELES DODGERSNews
Dodgers keeping door open to postseason role for Tony Gonsolin
The right-hander had Tommy John surgery a year ago, but he has made two rehab starts with Triple-A Oklahoma City and will make another this week. … Also, an update on Clayton Kershaw and Freddie Freeman batting fourth.
Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said pitcher Tony Gonsolin, pictured, is “still a longshot” to figure into the team’s October plans. But the Dodgers have become more open to all possibilities with recent injuries to Tyler Glasnow and Gavin Stone making the postseason pitching staff very unclear. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)
By BILL PLUNKETT | bplunkett@scng.com | Orange County Register
UPDATED: September 17, 2024 at 4:25 PM PDT

MIAMI — The Dodgers are holding the door open to a potential postseason role for a player who is rehabbing from elbow surgery last September.

And it’s not just Shohei Ohtani.

Right-hander Tony Gonsolin has made two rehab starts with Triple-A Oklahoma City already and will make a third later this week. After that, Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said “there could be a conversation about him joining us – which, for me, I think would be fantastic.”

Roberts said Gonsolin is “still a longshot” to figure into the Dodgers’ plans. But the Dodgers have become more open to all possibilities with recent injuries to Tyler Glasnow and Gavin Stone making the postseason pitching staff very unclear.

“The landscape has changed since we talked about Tony,” Roberts said. “So with that, it’s still a longer shot, but I’m really impressed that Tony has taken this really seriously as a potential opportunity. He’s gonna take another one, and we’ll see from there.”

Gonsolin threw 50 pitches in 2⅔ innings in his most recent rehab start and will try to get through four innings in his next start. He could return as a starter or reliever.

“The beautiful thing about Tony is he’ll do anything we ask,” Roberts said. “He has pitched in both roles.”

With their shortage of starting pitchers, it’s possible the Dodgers could resort to a bullpen game in a playoff series. Roberts said he “could see” Gonsolin pitching in a ‘bulk’ role in that situation.

“If that’s where we’re at, that’s what we’ll do,” Roberts said. “Whatever gives us the best chance to win a particular game is what we’re gonna do.”

KERSHAW UPDATE

Veteran left-hander Clayton Kershaw has not given up hope on pitching again this year even though the pain in his left big toe persists.

“It’s just a healing thing,” he said. “There’s no miracle insole or shoe that will heal it. But there are some things that will help and between that and time I still think there’s a shot, for sure.”

To stay as ready as possible, the three-time Cy Young Award winner has been throwing on flat ground, using a portable ramp to simulate a pitcher’s mound. Over the weekend, he threw off the mound in the bullpen and he will throw another bullpen session on Wednesday.

“I’m just trying to throw a lot of pitches because I can’t go 100 percent intensity yet,” he said. “So I’m hoping if I continue with the intensity part I won’t need much of a rehab stint if any.”

Kershaw hasn’t pitched in a game since August 30 when he left after one inning due to the pain in his toe.

LEFTY TAX

During the series in Atlanta, Roberts dropped Freddie Freeman to fourth in the batting order in the two games started by left-handers (Chris Sale and Max Fried), putting two right-handed hitters (Mookie Betts and Teoscar Hernandez) between the left-handers Shohei Ohtani and Freeman.

“It just makes it a little tougher for the opposing manager to navigate,” Roberts said. “It’s no secret that any team that’s going to try to beat us is going to stockpile some lefties to minimize Shohei and Freddie. That’s just a way that I can counter a little bit.”

RELATED ARTICLES
Dodgers sign 4 arbitration-eligible players to 1-year contracts
Dodgers trade former top prospect Diego Cartaya to Twins
Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Reds
Teoscar Hernández, Dodgers thrilled to reunite on 3-year, $66M deal
Dodgers sign Korean infielder Hyeseong Kim to 3-year deal

Opposing managers now have to decide whether to bring in a left-hander to face Ohtani, knowing he would have to face two right-handed hitters before also facing Freeman. Betts has not hit left-handers (a .308 batting average and an .851 OPS) or right-handers (.292 and .902) much differently. Hernandez, on the other hand, has been much better against lefties (.303 and .955) than righties (.254 and .776).

Freeman had not hit as low as fourth since the 2016 season with the Braves. Roberts said it’s an alignment he might use in the postseason against lefty starters.

“Doc and I talked after Friday night’s game more about going into the playoffs against left-handed starters to hit fourth so Mookie and Teo can get more at-bats against them,” Freeman said. “Obviously I was all for it. Whatever we can do to win games.

“I kinda like it. It puts them in a tough matchup because if they bring in a lefty for Shohei, that means Mookie and Teo have to face left-handed pitching. It’s tougher matchups we’re trying to create throughout the course of a game to make it harder on managers.”

UP NEXT

Dodgers (RHP Landon Knack, 2-4, 3.70 ERA) at Marlins (TBA), Wednesday, 3:40 p.m., SportsNet LA, 570 AM

Originally Published: September 17, 2024 at 4:18 PM PDT
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Iowa Seniors Are Getting Thousands Back in Savings on Their Home Insurance
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Remodeling Star: Cheapest Way to Get a Walk in Shower in Your Area
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Iowa: Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You're on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch for Easy Blood Sugar Testing
Ribili
Experts Reveal Best Roof Type for Iowa Homes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Experience Safer Nighttime Drives With These Glasses
Ribili
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Local Grandma Creates Popular Bra Worn by Women Everywhere!
Libiyi
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy is Sweeping Iowa
Rechol
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Forget About Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Tardive
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
Worried About Inflation? Try This Gold Strategy
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Pregnant Waitress Brought to Tears by Cop's Note
gloriousa
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
This map shows where the Eaton fire is burning in Pasadena area
This map shows where the Eaton fire is burning in Pasadena area
Major freeway and road closures due to fires throughout LA County
Major freeway and road closures due to fires throughout LA County
This map shows where the Sunset fire is burning in the Hollywood Hills
This map shows where the Sunset fire is burning in the Hollywood Hills
Another emergency evacuation alert sent erroneously by LA County
Another emergency evacuation alert sent erroneously by LA County
Lawsuits pile up against PIH Health in wake paralyzing ransomware attack
Lawsuits pile up against PIH Health in wake paralyzing ransomware attack
Central Basin appoints previously fired Arnold Alvarez-Glasman as attorney
Central Basin appoints previously fired Arnold Alvarez-Glasman as attorney
Crime and Public Safety 9-03-2008
Crime and Public Safety 9-03-2008
Blood Moon arrives late Monday, could spell early end to NASA mission
Blood Moon arrives late Monday, could spell early end to NASA mission
More than 4,000 structures damaged in uncontained Eaton fire, though winds slow
More than 4,000 structures damaged in uncontained Eaton fire, though winds slow
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN LOS ANGELES DODGERS
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Dodgers sign 4 arbitration-eligible players to 1-year contracts
Dodgers trade former top prospect Diego Cartaya to Twins
Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Reds
Teoscar Hernández, Dodgers thrilled to reunite on 3-year, $66M deal
2024
September
17
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
CONTACT US
Corrections
Work With Us
Newspapers in Education
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
Daily News Store
ABOUT WHITTIER DAILY NEWS
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Partners
Live Traffic Map
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Local Job Board
Obituary
Legals
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
READER REWARDS
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
Sponsor a Student
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.whittierdailynews.com/2024/09/17/dodgers-keeping-door-open-to-postseason-role-for-tony-gonsolin/ 
 ----- 
