MAUI NEWS
×
News
Sports
Opinion
Entertainment
Obituaries
Memoriams
Jobs
Classifieds
TV
Print Ad Directory
Public Notices
Contact Information
Submit News
NEWS SPORTS OPINION OBITUARIES JOBS CLASSIFIEDS PLACE NOTICE
January 10, 2025 | Today's Paper | Submit News | Subscribe Today | Login
Freeman’s 3-run homer helps Dodgers to 9-0 win, dropping Braves out of playoff position
LOCAL SPORTS

SEP 17, 2024

 

Los Angeles Dodgers' Teoscar Hernández celebrates in the dugout after Freddie Freeman hit a three-run home run in the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves, Monday, Sept. 16, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)

By BILL TROCCHI Associated Press

ATLANTA (AP) — Freddie Freeman hit a three-run homer against his former team and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat Atlanta 9-0 on Monday night, dropping the Braves out of a playoff position.

Shohei Ohtani was 0 for 4 with a walk and a pair of run-scoring grounders that increased his RBIs total to 108. He did not hit a home run or steal a base during the series, remaining at 47 home runs and 48 steals as he tries to become the first 50-50 player.

Yoshinobu Yamamoto allowed four hits and two walks in four innings, throwing 72 pitches in his second start since returning from a right arm injury — up from 59 on Sept. 10.

“We’ve tried to take our time with him and make sure he is at full health and built him up the right way,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “It is a shot in the arm and he knows how valuable he is to our club. These last two starts, I feel like we have a good foundation and we are almost to the point where we can just let him go.”

The Dodgers extended their scoreless streak to 15 innings and pitched their 13th shutout.

NL West-leading Los Angeles (89-61) maintained a 3 1/2-game lead over second place San Diego. The Dodgers scored nine runs on just four hits for the second time since 1906: The other was on June 4, 2021, also at Atlanta.

After losing the first two games of the series by a combined 16-3, the Dodgers outscored the Braves 18-2 over the last two.

“When you start off a series like this at the end of the year and you want to play well and drop the first two, to come back and respond, I thought that was big by the team,” Freeman said. “I’ve played a long time and that was probably one of the weirdest offensive games I’ve been a part of.”

Atlanta (81-69) dropped one game behind the New York Mets (82-68) for the NL’s third wild card spot. The Braves were 0 for 12 with runners in scoring position, including 0 for 10 against Yamamoto.

Los Angeles took advantage of seven walks, a hit batter and a wild pitch. Miguel Rojas was 1 for 1 with two walks, a steal and three runs scored.

“He really exemplifies what I expect in a ballplayer,” Roberts said. “Tonight, he won a ballgame for us.”

Max Fried (9-10) gave up three runs and two hits in six innings

Fried threw a run-scoring wild pitch in the first after Rojas walked, advanced on a grounder and stole third. Rojas’ run-scoring single and Ohtani’s RBI grounder boosted the lead to 3-0 in the fifth.

Freeman capped a six-run seventh with his 22nd homer after Ohtani, Mookie Betts and Teoscar Hernández drove in runs.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Dodgers: C Austin Barnes was placed on the 10-day IL with a left big toe fracture. C Hunter Feduccia was recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City. … RHP Joe Kelly (right shoulder inflammation) rejoined the team in Atlanta and could be activated while the team is in Miami this week.

Braves: 2B Ozzie Albies (wrist) is scheduled to play second base for Triple-A Gwinnett on Tuesday and Wednesday. If that goes well, he could rejoin the Braves in Miami on Friday.

UP NEXT

Dodgers: RHP Bobby Miller (2-4, 8.17) will open a three-game series in Miami on Tuesday night against Marlins RHP Darren McCaughan (0-0, 7.06), starting a stretch of six games against last-place teams.

Braves: Rookie RHP Grant Holmes (2-1, 3.49) faces Reds LHP Brandon Williamson (0-0, 2.08) to start a three-game series at Cincinnati on Tuesday night.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

NEWSLETTER
Today's breaking news and more in your inbox
Email(Required)
I'm interested in (please check all that apply)(Required)
 Daily Newsletter
 Breaking News
 Obituaries
Are you a paying subscriber to the newspaper?(Required)
 Yes
 No
LOCAL SPORTS
A trip to the CFP title game is on the line when Notre Dame and Penn State meet in the Orange Bowl
Sony Open starts the race for fewer PGA Tour players to keep their jobs
At the end of another stellar season, Ravens’ Lamar Jackson will still face doubters in the playoffs
Texas and Ohio State arrive for CFP semifinal at Cotton Bowl ahead of a winter storm
Cavaliers beat Thunder 129-122 to end OKC’s 15-game winning streak in matchup of NBA’s top teams
Independent streak helped build Notre Dame into football’s historic and now modern behemoth
MOST READ
Vandals take out basketball court lights at Waiale, Waiehu Terrace parks
Maui Pop celebrates Broadway & Beyond with stars Capathia Jenkins and Ryan Shaw
Photo of the Day: Honu Swim
Healthwise Maui: Experts answer your health-related questions
Seabury Hall set for three performances of Disney’s “Newsies Jr.”
Federal disaster funding signals a shift for Lahaina
5 articles remaining...

Only $99/year
Subscribe Today
NEWS
Local News
Obituaries
Business
SPORTS
Local Sports
Sports Spotlight
Hawaii Sports
National Sports
OPINION
Editorial
Letters to the Editor
Columns
CONTACT
Submit News
Advertise
Contact Us

Copyright © Maui News | https://www.mauinews.com | 100 Mahalani Street, Wailuku, HI 96793 | 808-242-6363
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mauinews.com/sports/local-sports/2024/09/freemans-3-run-homer-helps-dodgers-to-9-0-win-dropping-braves-out-of-playoff-position/ 
 ----- 
