Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
3-game skid has Braves at season-worst 2 games back of WC
Share
3-game skid has Braves at season-worst 2 games back of WC
September 18th, 2024

Mark Bowman

@mlbbowman
Share
;

14 SECONDS REMAINING

CINCINNATI -- The Braves had no control over the injuries that forced so many of their stars to miss significant time this year. But they have only themselves to blame for the many opportunities they have squandered while losing each of the past three games.

“It’s not necessarily us losing the game completely, but other teams doing their job as well,” Braves center fielder Michael Harris II said.

It’s hard to say what might have been the most disappointing development in a 6-5 loss to the Reds on Tuesday night at Great American Ball Park. This third straight defeat puts the Braves two games behind the Mets and D-backs in the battle for the third and final National League Wild Card spot.

Complete coverage: Braves' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

This is the first time Atlanta has been more than one game back in the battle for a postseason spot this year.

“You can't think about [the standings],” Braves reliever Pierce Johnson said. “You’ve just gotta come in and do your work every day. [What the Mets do] is something we can't control. So you just gotta control what you can control.”

It seemed like the Braves could have better controlled their destiny on Sunday night, when they allowed Dodgers starter Walker Buehler to complete six innings after throwing 70 pitches through the first three innings. Dylan Lee’s two pitch clock violations in the seventh proved significant, especially when Raisel Iglesias proved human after an eighth-inning scoring opportunity was wasted.

Situational hitting might not align with the Braves’ DNA. But just a couple quality at-bats might have altered the outcome Monday, when Atlanta went 0-for-12 with runners in scoring position and got shut out by the Dodgers despite having a runner reach third with one out or less in three of the first four innings.

And the Braves certainly seemed to be in control on Tuesday, when Harris hit his second career leadoff homer and Matt Olson added a two-run shot in the first against Brandon Williamson, who exited with an injury with one out in the second inning. Six Reds relievers combined to allow two runs over 7 2/3 innings.

Related
Braves settle with arbitration-eligible players Kelenic, Lee

January 9th, 2025

How high can Harris fly? 'He's a special talent'

January 9th, 2025

With Morton gone, could Braves add depth to rotation?

January 6th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

Meanwhile, a Gio Urshela misplay led to the Reds scoring two runs off Jesse Chavez in the sixth. And Spencer Steer’s two-run home run off Johnson in the seventh inning proved to be the decisive blow. Johnson has allowed three homers in his past 7 2/3 innings. He entered this stretch having allowed just two homers through this season's first 44 2/3 innings.

“In the past we would just outslug everything, but we’re different right now,” Braves manager Brian Snitker said.

Injuries have taken Ronald Acuña Jr., Ozzie Albies and Austin Riley out of the lineup and inserted the likes of Whit Merrifield, Ramón Laureano and Urshela, who were all released by different organizations earlier this year. They’ve all provided some value, but the dropoff has been significant.

Urshela has been a sound defender, but despite saying he wasn’t distracted by shortstop Orlando Arcia, he dropped a soft liner that would have resulted in the third out before Chavez surrendered two runs in the sixth.

The Braves have gone 2-for-21 with runners in scoring position over the past two days. Their 2-for-9 performance on Tuesday included Laureano’s RBI infield single in the second. The other hit came in the seventh, when Urshela advanced from second to third on Harris’ single to shallow left.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

So, the Braves have scored one run with the 21 at-bats they have collected with runners in scoring position over the past two days.

“Baseball is hard,” Harris said. “You’re not going to score runs every time you have a chance.”

Nor are you going to make the postseason with every opportunity. The Braves’ one constant strength this year has been their starting rotation, which could definitely help them make some noise if they were to get a playoff spot. But that rotation is currently without Reynaldo López, who is dealing with a sore right shoulder.

López’s spot was filled Tuesday by Grant Holmes, who provided four solid innings and exited with a 5-2 lead. The Braves appeared to be in control at that point. But like the previous two days, they fumbled opportunities and weakened their playoff bid.

How will Snitker’s players react now that their backs are truly against the wall?

“I’ve never seen them let things like this multiply,” Snitker said. “I think they’ll come out and be ready to go.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Atlanta Braves

Supervising Club Reporter Mark Bowman has covered the Braves for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/braves-lose-to-reds-as-bullpen-falters-late 
 ----- 
