Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
MLB
FEB 20
<
Full Scoreboard »
>
2/20 8:05 PM UTC
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
Menu
ESPN
	MLB
Home
Free Agency
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Stats
Teams
Transactions
Players
More
Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani hits 48th HR: 'No pressure' chasing 50/50
Alden Gonzalez, ESPN Staff Writer
Sep 17, 2024, 11:09 PM ET

MIAMI -- The Los Angeles Dodgers' recent series at the Atlanta Braves marked the first time in more than three months that Shohei Ohtani went four consecutive games without a home run or a stolen base. It was a rut he had not been in since June 6 to 9.

Ohtani finally snapped that streak on Tuesday, hitting a third-inning home run in an 11-9 loss to the lowly Miami Marlins.

Ohtani, who has 48 homers and 48 steals with 11 games remaining, said he is "just one little thing away" from feeling good with the mechanics of his swing again. He also denied feeling any pressure to become the first player in baseball history to reach the 50/50 mark before the regular season wraps.

"No pressure," Ohtani said through an interpreter. "Just trying to maintain quality at-bats regardless of the situation. It's something I've been trying to do over the course of the entire season."

EDITOR'S PICKS
50/50 and counting: Shohei Ohtani continues to add to historic accomplishment
103dESPN Staff
Roberts: Odds Ohtani pitches in playoffs 'not zero'
118dAlden Gonzalez
Royals' Witt Jr. 1st SS with multiple 30-30 seasons
114d

Ohtani trails only Aaron Judge (53) for the major league lead in homers and only Elly De La Cruz (64) for the major league lead in steals while hitting .287/.372/.611 -- numbers that seemingly have him on pace to become the first full-time designated hitter to win an MVP, especially considering New York Mets star Francisco Lindor's recent back injury. Ohtani's power has been on display throughout the year, but his batting average (.236) and on-base percentage (.301) have fallen off since the start of August.

Lately, Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said he has noticed that the 50/50 milestone is "front of mind" for Ohtani, even if it isn't necessarily providing pressure. Roberts has observed Ohtani pulling pitches more frequently rather than spraying them into the gaps, which is triggering more predetermined swings as opposed to seeing pitches deeper into the strike zone.

"And I do feel that's somewhat natural," Roberts said. "I just think he wants to get it over with -- but with the fact that he's still trying to compete and help us win baseball games."

Roberts recently opened the door to Ohtani potentially pitching in the postseason, saying the chances are "very slim" but "not zero."

Ohtani has been intermittently throwing bullpen sessions and could face hitters soon. He and the Dodgers' pitching coaches have not talked about him contributing off the mound in the playoffs, a circumstance that might not even be possible until the World Series. But Ohtani said they'll all meet when the team returns to L.A. this weekend to discuss the rest of his rehab schedule.

Asked if he believes he could physically do it, given the toll of returning from major elbow surgery in a high-pressure environment, Ohtani gave a wry smile.

"I am not sure," he said.

Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyYour US State Privacy RightsChildren's Online Privacy PolicyInterest-Based AdsAbout Nielsen MeasurementDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationContact UsDisney Ad Sales SiteWork for ESPNCorrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2025 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/story/_/id/41307936/dodgers-shohei-ohtani-hits-48th-hr-no-pressure-chasing-50-50 
 ----- 
