 MENU
My Picks
Atlanta Braves vs Cincinnati Reds Prediction MLB Picks 9/17/24
Home  MLB Picks
 Andrew Jett  September 16, 2024 11:19 pm
Cincinnati Reds (73-77) vs Atlanta Braves (81-67)
Game Info: Tuesday, September 17, 2024 at 6:40 pm (Great American Ball Park)
Brandon Williamson (0-0) (2.08) vs Grant Holmes (2-1) (3.79)
Betting Odds: Cincinnati Reds +100 / Atlanta Braves -118 --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: BALLY

The Atlanta Braves and the Cincinnati Reds meet Tuesday in MLB action from Great American Ball Park. Here’s an Atlanta Braves vs Cincinnati Reds prediction. This will be the first installment in a three-game series. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best Braves vs Reds pick. We will examine:

The Atlanta Braves' recent form and player performance

The Cincinnati Reds' recent form and player performance

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Atlanta Braves

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Cincinnati Reds

Recent betting trends in games played between the Braves and Reds

A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for the Braves vs Reds game

Atlanta Braves Betting Preview

This past weekend the Braves played a long series versus the Los Angeles Dodgers. Atlanta won the first pair in that set 6-2 and 10-1, then fell 9-2 in game three. On Sunday the Braves would take a blowout loss 9-0. Max Fried gave up three earned in 6.0 frames as a starter. In the starter slot for Tuesday, the Braves will go with Grant Holmes. In the first 22 games (four starts) of his career Holmes is 2-1 with a 3.79 ERA.

Cincinnati Reds Betting Preview

Over on the Reds’ side, they took on the Minnesota Twins in their last set. Cincinnati won 8-4 and 11-1 in their first two games then took a 9-2 loss in the Sunday finale. Starting pitcher Rhett Lowder would finish with 5.1 innings and three earned runs in that one.

Brandon Williamson will take the starter role for the Reds on Tuesday. This year Williamson has a 2.08 ERA without a decision in three games (two starts). Williamson is 5-5 with a 4.22 career ERA in 26 games (25 starts).

Total Runs Facts
Seven of the Reds' last eight games against National League opponents have gone UNDER the total runs line.
Four of the Braves' last five games after playing the previous day have gone OVER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Braves' last six road games.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Reds' last three home games against National League opponents.
Cincinnati Reds Player Prop Facts
TJ Friedl has scored at least one run in each of the Reds' last six night games against opponents that held a winning record.
Santiago Espinal has recorded at least one Single in each of his last five appearances against NL East opponents at Great American Ball Park.
Elly De La Cruz has hit a home run in each of the Reds' last two home games against NL East opponents.
Ty France has recorded two or more hits in each of the Reds' last three home games.
Jake Fraley has recorded at least one total base in each of the Reds' last six games against NL opponents.
Spencer Steer has recorded at least one RBI in each of the Reds' last six Tuesday games at Great American Ball Park.
Atlanta Braves Player Prop Facts
Ozzie Albies has recorded a Double in each of his last three road appearances against NL opponents.
Matt Olson has scored at least one run in eight of the Braves' last nine road games against NL Central opponents that held a losing record.
Ronald Acuna Jr. has recorded at least one Single in seven of the Braves' last eight games at Great American Ball Park against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Matt Olson has hit at least one home run in each of the Braves' last three games against the Reds at Great American Ball Park.
Ramon Laureano has recorded at least one hit in each of his last 11 appearances in night games against teams that held a losing record.
Ramon Laureano has recorded at least one total base in each of his last 11 appearances in night games against teams that held a losing record.
Jorge Soler has recorded at least one RBI in each of his last five road appearances against opponents that held a losing record.
Atlanta Braves vs Cincinnati Reds Prediction

I might try the Reds here. Williamson hasn’t been too bad over his three September outings. In that trio, Williamson has 13.0 innings with three earned runs on seven hits and three walks. It’d be nice to see him notch a quality start with at least 5.0 innings here.

In their weekend series, Cincinnati got their offense going again in the first two games, posting a combined 19 runs. Sunday’s output fizzled though (two runs), so the Reds bats will need a good showing on Tuesday.

Andrew’s Pick
Cincinnati Reds +100
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: ANDREW JETT
Andrew has been writing about college, professional, and fantasy sports betting since 2013.
Follow Andrew Jett on Twitter @PickDawgzAndrew
TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-17/atlanta-braves-vs-cincinnati-reds-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
