Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Padres look the part as playoff push returns to SD
Share
Padres look the part as playoff push returns to SD
September 17th, 2024

AJ Cassavell

@AJCassavell
Share
;

8 SECONDS REMAINING

SAN DIEGO -- The Padres opened their final homestand of the regular season before another packed house at Petco Park on Monday night. Then they took a major step toward ensuring these six games won’t be the last games in downtown San Diego this year.

With a 3-1 victory over the Astros, San Diego moved closer to securing a spot in the postseason -- and padded its lead for the National League’s top Wild Card spot (which would ensure October baseball at Petco Park).

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

The Dodgers won in Atlanta on Monday, holding the Padres’ deficit in the NL West race at 3 1/2 games. But San Diego gained ground in the two other races worth monitoring.

With the Braves’ loss, the Padres own a 4 1/2-game edge on Atlanta, the first team on the outside of the playoff picture. Meantime, the Diamondbacks were walked off in Colorado, giving the Padres a 2 1/2-game edge on Arizona for the top Wild Card spot. That, of course, would come with home-field advantage in the Wild Card Series.

“Yeah, we’re right there,” said center fielder Jackson Merrill, who launched the 24th home run of his remarkable rookie season on Monday night. “But keep the head down and keep going.”

Added Jurickson Profar: “When you’re winning, you have a lot of fun. The way that we are doing it -- it’s more fun. Everyone is doing their part.”

Yu Darvish pitched six scoreless innings, allowing only three hits as he made a strong case for his inclusion in a potential Wild Card Series rotation. (It’s a testament to the current state of the rotation that the Padres have so many worthy options.)

Darvish missed three months while on the injured list and the restricted list. But Monday’s outing was his best start since his return in early September. Darvish kept Houston hitters off-balance all game and exited after six innings to an ovation and a chorus of “Yuuuuuu” from the Petco Park crowd. Manager Mike Shildt called the performance “vintage.”

“I’m super happy,” said Darvish, through interpreter Shingo Horie. “Our clubhouse, I think we’re really bonded together nicely, and we get to play in front of these fans. Obviously, the games are more exciting now. So it’s just super fun.”

Related
Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

Padres look to continue success in signing top int'l prospects

January 9th, 2025

What are Padres' plans behind the plate?

January 6th, 2025

Could Sasaki be the next great Japanese player?

December 11th, 2024

Japanese stars take postseason center stage, and the whole world is watching

October 18th, 2024

Yamamoto vs. Darvish Game 5 matchup a postseason first for Japan

October 11th, 2024

Offensively, Luis Arraez bounced back from his first strikeout in 141 plate appearances with two hits, though he jammed his right knee after he was thrown out at the plate in the fifth inning. Arraez remained in the game and doubled in the seventh, but was clearly still affected and was substituted for a pinch-runner.

Arraez later said he hoped to be in Tuesday’s starting lineup but that he’d need to wait and see. Asked how he was feeling in the moment, he grinned.

“Mad,” said Arraez, whose streak without a K was the longest in the past 20 seasons. “I struck out.”

Still, Arraez’s two hits were part of a 13-hit night for the Padres. Profar had four, including an insurance homer in the eighth, and Merrill’s home run moved him two shy of Hunter Renfroe’s franchise rookie record (26).

With a two-run lead in the ninth, Shildt handed the ball to Robert Suarez in a save situation -- as he said he would, even after Suarez’s second blown save in three appearances on Sunday. Suarez nailed down a fourth Padres victory in four days.

In that span, the Dodgers, Mets and Braves have all lost twice. The Diamondbacks have lost three times. The Padres have gained significant ground on each -- and they’ve shifted their focus in the process.

They’re now closer to the top of the division than the cut line. Over the past few days, they’ve made it clear that chasing down the Dodgers in the NL West race remains a priority. Of course, the first priority is securing a spot in the postseason, and the earliest potential clinch date is Friday.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“I think there’s not too much focus on the big goal,” Merrill said. “When you’re really focused on having fun, playing the game, the big goal will come on its own.”

That’s precisely what the Padres have done, as they’ve posted the best record in the Majors since the All-Star break. They’ve made a point to maintain focus on the little things, saying the big things would take care of themselves.

“Everybody knows we have a really good team, especially right now,” Arraez said. “We compete, man. We have everything to win. We just need to stay healthy.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Diego Padres
Yu Darvish

AJ Cassavell covers the Padres for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/yu-darvish-helps-padres-playoff-push-with-6-scoreless-innings 
 ----- 
