MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Rosenthal: Dodgers’ playoff outlook, Jack Flaherty nearly traded to Rays and Orioles’ next call-up
By Ken Rosenthal
Sep 13, 2023

91

Sign up for The Windup newsletter | Levi Weaver and Ken Rosenthal deliver expert analysis on the biggest MLB stories every weekday. Get it sent to your inbox.

Think back to the Los Angeles Dodgers’ rotation at the start of the season — Julio Urías, Dustin May, Clayton Kershaw, Noah Syndergaard and Michael Grove, with numerous options in reserve.

Tony Gonsolin, who was on the injured list recovering from a sprained left ankle. Top prospects Bobby Miller, Ryan Pepiot and Gavin Stone, who figured to contribute at one point or another. Walker Buehler, who was pointing toward a possible late-season return from Tommy John surgery.

And now?

The Dodgers’ postseason rotation likely will be Kershaw, who is dealing with a shoulder issue that has diminished his velocity and pushed back his next start five days; Lance Lynn, who leads the majors with 41 home runs allowed; and Miller, who has thrown a career-high 115 innings between the majors and minors and has a 4.78 ERA in his last four starts.

The triumph of the Dodgers’ season is that they will again win the NL West by a wide margin despite the collapse of their rotation and injury-related absences of several key relievers. But with their pitching in such disarray, how long they will last in October is an open question.

Consider:

• Urías is on paid administrative leave as the league and law enforcement continue their investigations following his arrest on suspicion of a felony charge of corporal injury on a spouse.

• Syndergaard, after joining the team on a one-year, $13 million free-agent contract, flopped and was traded to the Guardians, who subsequently released him.

• May underwent season-ending flexor-tendon surgery in July. Gonsolin had Tommy John surgery on Sept. 1. Buehler announced jointly with the team last week he will be shut down for the rest of the season as he prepares for 2024.

• Oh, and to add literal insult to injury, Tigers left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez blocked a trade to the Dodgers at the deadline, and has produced a 3.64 ERA in seven starts since.

The Dodgers also have been without reliever Blake Treinen all season, Daniel Hudson for most of it and Yency Almonte since Aug. 12. And yet, in a season in which they should have been vulnerable, they are counting down to their 10th division title in the past 11 seasons, largely due to an offense that is second only to the Braves in runs. And lest anyone forget, when they finished second to the Giants in 2021, they won 106 games.

Their chances of winning their first World Series in a full season under Andrew Friedman seem rather long, but wouldn’t it be the most baseball thing ever if it actually happened?

The Dodgers are not without pitching possibilities for October. Pepiot, Grove or Emmett Sheehan could start a potential Game 4 in a postseason series. The team also could use openers and Ryan Yarbrough as their bulk pitcher. Still, no matter how their makeshift plan turns out, it will not be what the Dodgers envisioned at the start of the season. Not even close.

Flaherty: Almost a Ray

As the Orioles and Rays brace for their four-game showdown at Camden Yards starting Thursday, here’s an interesting twist: The Rays agreed with the Cardinals on a trade for right-hander Jack Flaherty in the final hours before the Aug. 1 deadline. But the deal collapsed in the medical-review stage, according to sources briefed on the discussions, and the Cardinals dealt Flaherty to the Orioles instead.

The medical issue presumably was not with Flaherty, a potential free agent who will turn 28 on Oct. 15. But since the trade, Flaherty has largely been a disappointment, producing a 7.16 ERA in his six starts.

The Rays envisioned Flaherty joining a rotation that at the time included Shane McClanahan, Tyler Glasnow, Zach Eflin and the recently acquired Aaron Civale. Two days after the deadline, McClanahan experienced forearm tightness. On Aug. 21, he underwent his second Tommy John surgery.

The Orioles acquired Flaherty for infielder César Prieto, 24, and pitchers Drew Rom, 23, and Zack Showalter, 19. Now the question is whether Flaherty will fit into the Orioles’ postseason rotation, if at all.

It’s possible Flaherty is experiencing fatigue — he has pitched 137 1/3 innings this season after working only 154 2/3 combined the previous three due to injuries and the shortened 2020 campaign. But Kyle Bradish and Grayson Rodriguez, if healthy, are the only locks for the postseason rotation. Dean Kremer is the probable choice for the third spot.

Next up for Orioles: Kjerstad?

Believe it or not, the Orioles might promote yet another top prospect before the season is over. But it won’t be shortstop Jackson Holliday, the No. 1 overall pick in the 2022 draft who at 19 has played at four levels in his first full professional campaign, including his latest stop at Triple A.

No, the hitter the Orioles could summon is first baseman/outfielder Heston Kjerstad, the second overall pick in 2020. Kjerstad, 24, was diagnosed with myocarditis, an inflammation of the heart muscle, shortly after the draft, and waited two full years to make his professional debut. He entered Tuesday batting a combined .303 with 21 homers and a .905 OPS at Double A and Triple A. His left-handed power could make him a threat in the postseason, even if only off the bench.

	Heston Kjerstad plays in the Futures Game in July. (Steven Bisig / USA Today)

The problem with promoting Kjerstad is that the Orioles do not have a spot open for him at DH, first base or in the outfield. An injury obviously could alter that equation. An early clinch also would enable the Orioles to take a look. Their lead over the Rays remains three games.

As for Holliday, he might not be under consideration for the stretch drive, but would anyone be surprised if he cracked the Orioles’ 2024 Opening Day roster? His position would not necessarily be shortstop, where Gunnar Henderson has established himself as a plus defender. But at the very least, Holliday could replace potential free agent Adam Frazier as the team’s left-handed hitting second baseman, with Jordan Westburg, Ramón Urías and possibly Jorge Mateo remaining right-handed hitting options. Westburg also can play third.

The NL CY race

As I wrote Tuesday in “The Windup,” The Athletic’s free daily baseball newsletter, if I had to choose a word to describe the National League Cy Young race, I’d pick, “uninspired.”

In the AL, the Yankees’ Gerrit Cole is a clear favorite, leading the league in both innings pitched and ERA. I’m a big believer that innings matter in a Cy Young race. An old-fashioned workhorse gets tough outs late in games, effectively preserving his bullpen and making him more valuable to his club.

The game obviously has changed in recent years. Only the best starters are trusted to pitch a third time through the order. So it is in the NL, the pitchers with the best ERAs, the Cubs’ Justin Steele and the Padres’ Blake Snell have pitched nearly 30 fewer innings than the league leader in that department, the Diamondbacks’ Zac Gallen. Yet their respective ERAs, 2.49 and 2.52, are nearly a run per nine innings lower than Gallen’s 3.32.

	Blake Snell won the AL Cy Young in 2018. (Orlando Ramirez / USA Today)

The Braves’ Spencer Strider? His 38 percent strikeout rate is easily the league’s best. The difference between his expected and actual ERAs (0.77), as Fangraphs’ Jay Jaffe points out in his detailed analysis of the NL Cy Young race, is the widest of any NL starter. The award, though, is not for best expected numbers. Strider’s 3.83 ERA would be the highest of any Cy Young winner. He simply has made too many mistakes, particularly in his two most recent starts. His ERA since the All-Star Game is 4.55.

The Phillies’ Zack Wheeler? His walk rate entering Tuesday was the NL’s third lowest, and he ranked eighth in innings, though not markedly ahead of Steele and Snell. Again, though, results matter. ERA is not a flawless stat — no metric is — but Wheeler’s season figure after a rocky start against the Braves Tuesday night is 3.70. In the last 15 years, the only Cy Young winner with an ERA above 3.00 was Rick Porcello, who won the AL award with a 3.15 mark in 2016.

So that leaves Steele, who, as Jaffe mentioned, has allowed an NL-high 12 unearned runs, helping his ERA, and Snell, whose 13.7 percent walk rate is the highest in the majors. Steele still ranks second in runs allowed per nine innings (3.26), but is nearly two-thirds of a run behind Snell (2.61).

Snell was not my idea of a Cy Young winner in 2018, when he won the AL award over Justin Verlander despite pitching 34 2/3 fewer innings (Snell’s ERA was 1.89 to Verlander’s 2.52). He’s not exactly my idea of a Cy this year, either, not when he’s walking so many and averaging fewer than 5 2/3 innings per start. Yet, he probably is the front-runner for the award.

With four starts likely remaining, Snell figures to finish slightly above his 2018 innings total. His ERA in 20 starts since May 20 is 1.40. He ranks first in the majors in opponents’ batting average (.192), first in opponents’ slugging percentage (.307) and third in opponents’ OPS (.611).

Right now, he looks like a Cy. Not a classic Cy, mind you. But remember, it’s 2023, not 1973. Different standards apply.

Speaking of the new age …

As pitching injuries persist, clubs are experiencing the strain of the September roster limits the league adopted in 2020. Teams now are restricted to 28 players and 14 pitchers in the final month, down from the 40-man free-for-alls that existed prior to the change.

The limits on call-ups were well-intended. It was ridiculous for the league to play under one set of rules for five months and then an entirely different one when the games mattered most. September baseball became a measure of the deepest rosters, not necessarily the best.

The problem is that contenders are running out of pitching even with 14-man staffs, so it’s still survival of the fittest. Some team officials are understandably frustrated, but the true blame falls on how the sport develops pitchers. Teams survived for decades with fewer than 13 or 14. But that was before the emphasis on maximum velocity and spin created an environment in which teams blow through pitchers almost indiscriminately.

Why is it that injuries are still out of control? Because the league’s original plan — to limit the sizes of pitching staffs, reduce the emphasis on max effort and force teams to coax more innings out of their starters — is not having the desired effect.

The league’s overall strikeout rate dropped from 2021 to ‘22, but is up slightly again in ‘23. The average fastball velocity, meanwhile, continues to rise, from 93.6 mph to 93.8 to 94 over the past three seasons.

Thirteen pitchers for the majority of the regular season is still too many. If the league truly wants to alter club behavior, and by extension, player behavior, it should phase in a reduction to 12-man staffs and perhaps even 11. The emphasis of the entire industry would shift out of necessity, from how hard a pitcher could throw to how many innings he could pitch. And over time, injuries might finally decrease.

He didn’t want to be traded

After enjoying a big June, Mariners right fielder Teoscar Hernández struggled in July, in part because he grew distracted by the possibility he might be traded. The Mariners acquired him from the Blue Jays last offseason, and as a free agent he might change teams again this winter.

	Teoscar Hernández has a .993 OPS since the trade deadline. (Nathan Ray Seebeck / USA Today)

“If I say it didn’t bother me, I’d be lying,” Hernández said. “I don’t think there are players who want to be traded, even if your team is not competing for a playoff spot. Being with the group in spring training together you just want to finish the season.

“I wanted to finish the season here and see what happened after the season with free agency and all that stuff. I didn’t want to keep moving my family and going somewhere where I didn’t know where to go, not having a place to live.”

Hernández is married with three children, ages 3, 2 and 1. The Mariners drew significant interest in him, but the only prominent veteran they wound up trading was closer Paul Sewald. Staying with the team put Hernández’s mind at ease. Entering Tuesday, his OPS since the deadline was .993.

“It’s not pressure,” Hernández said about being part of trade talks. “It’s just something you feel: ‘OK, what happens if I get traded? Where am I going to get traded?’ All those little things. After (the deadline), I just said, ‘Focus on the season. Calm down, regroup and go for it.’”

Pay attention! This guy is a star

Cal Raleigh hit the walk-off homer that ended the Mariners’ 21-year playoff drought last Sept. 30. He leads major-league catchers with 46 homers the past two seasons, including 16 since July 22. A case can be made that the switch-hitter is one of the most underrated players in the majors, a genuine star.

Raleigh’s defensive value was on display in the opening game of the Mariners’ series against the Rays last Thursday night, when he threw out two runners trying to steal and caught a 1-0 shutout. His 20 percent caught-stealing rate for the season is among the league’s lowest, but it was the second time in a span of three games Raleigh threw out two runners.

The Mariners, like many clubs, ask their catchers to process large amounts of information. Their system, however, works only if their catchers can adjust to situations on the fly, and Raleigh demonstrates the necessary feel for the game. With Tom Murphy shut down from baseball activity due to a thumb injury, the Mariners will continue to lean heavily on Raleigh the rest of the way.

A comp for Carter

Watching Rangers rookie center fielder Evan Carter unleash his left-handed swing for his first career home run on Monday night, my first thought was, “He sort of looks like Kyle Tucker.” But I quickly thought, “No that’s not right.”

So, I texted an actual scout for his opinion, granting him anonymity because he is not authorized to comment on players on the record. The scout replied, “Not as physical as Tucker. Or as tall. Looks more like Steve Finley.”

Great call. Carter is listed at 6-foot-2, 190 pounds, while Tucker is 6-4, 199. Finley, who played 19 years in the majors, was 6-2, 175. If Carter develops into a similar type of player, he will enjoy an outstanding career. Finley finished with 304 homers and 2,548 hits, and appeared in seven postseasons.

(Top photo of Clayton Kershaw: Kevork Djansezian / Getty Images)

Ken Rosenthal is the senior baseball writer for The Athletic who has spent nearly 35 years covering the major leagues. In addition, Ken is a broadcaster and regular contributor to Fox Sports' MLB telecasts. He's also won Emmy Awards in 2015 and 2016 for his TV reporting. Follow Ken on Twitter @Ken_Rosenthal

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4858437/2023/09/13/dodgers-rotation-orioles-jack-flaherty/ 
 ----- 
