Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NBA
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Winners
NBA
Brandon Hunter cause of death: What happened to the ex-NBA player?

Brandon Hunter was announced dead by the Ohio basketball coach on Tuesday

Hunter was drafted by the Celtics in 2003Getty
TA
12/09/2023 - 18:46 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Houston Rockets' Kevin Porter Jr. arrested for alleged assault on girlfriend
Kysre Gondrezick has 'at least one broken bone': What charges does Kevin Porter Jr. face after allegedly assaulting his girlfriend?

The basketball community mourns the sudden passing of Brandon Hunter, a former player for the Boston Celtics and Orlando Magic. He was 42. The news was confirmed on Tuesday by Ohio men's basketball coach Jeff Boals, who paid tribute to Hunter, calling him a "Bobcat Great" on social media.

Brandon Hunter, who was a local star from his high school days in Cincinnati, rose to prominence as a forward for the Cincinnati Bobcats. He earned three All-MAC conference first-team selections and led the NCAA in rebounding during his senior year. Such achievements paved the way for him to be chosen as the 56th overall pick in the 2003 NBA Draft.

Hunter's stint in the NBA was relatively short, playing 67 games over two seasons. His NBA highlight was notably scoring a career-high 17 points against the Milwaukee Bucks in 2004. His passion for the sport saw him extending his playing career internationally. Between 2006 to 2013, Hunter became a recognizable figure in basketball arenas across Greece, Italy, Puerto Rico, and other countries.

After hanging up his sneakers, Hunter ventured into coaching, along with other avenues.

MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry's...
Marca
Harry and...
Marca

Former NBA point guard T.J. Ford expressed his heartbreak on social media, lamenting the loss of a dear friend. He noted, "We just spoke last week. Losing a lot of my friends lately."

As tributes continue to pour in for the late basketball star, details regarding the circumstances of Hunter's death remain undisclosed. This is a developing story.

Boston Celtics - English
Orlando Magic - English
NBAStephen Curry and Ayesha keep supporting the community: Pledge 50m dollars to Oakland schools through 'Eat. Learn. Play.'
NBANBA 2K24 Release Date: When will you be able to play 2K24?
NBANBA 2K24 Changes: What are the new features in this new edition?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid Private Lease....
Kia
De nieuwe Nissan Qashqai met extr...
Nissan Qashqai
Houd Uw Familie Veilig met Slimm...
Expert Market
Verbrand ongewen st buikvet met...
goldentree.nl
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/basketball/nba/2023/09/13/6500f754268e3e46738b45e6.html 
 ----- 
