Skip to main content
UEFA.com
Home
About
National Associations
Running Competitions
Development
Sustainability
News & Media
You may be also interested in:
Match calendar
Store (national teams)
Store (clubs)
UEFA rankings
Tickets and hospitality
 
UEFA competitions
Clubs
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Europa League
UEFA Super Cup
UEFA Conference League
UEFA Youth League
Under-20 Intercontinental Cup
National
European Qualifiers
UEFA EURO 2024
UEFA Nations League
Finalissima
UEFA Under-21
Women
UEFA Women's Champions League
UEFA Women's EURO
Women's European Qualifiers
UEFA Women's Nations League
Women's Finalissima
FIFA Women's World Cup
UEFA Women's Under-19
UEFA Women's Under-17
Youth
UEFA Under-19
UEFA Under-17
UEFA Regions' Cup
Futsal
UEFA Futsal Champions League
UEFA Futsal EURO
Futsal Finalissima
UEFA Women's Futsal EURO
UEFA U-19 Futsal EURO
FIFA Futsal World Cup
Women’s Futsal European Qualifiers
 
Log in
UEFA EURO 2024
Matches
Groups
Video
Stats
Gaming
Teams
News
Tickets
Event guide
History
About
Store
More
Go back
Türkiye vs Portugal EURO 2024 Group F Matchday 2 preview: Where to watch, kick-off time, possible line-ups

Saturday, June 22, 2024

When is it? How can you watch it? What are the possible line-ups? All you need to know about the UEFA EURO 2024 Group F match between Türkiye and Portugal.

Türkiye and Portugal meet in their second matches of UEFA EURO 2024 in Group F on Saturday 22 June.

Türkiye vs Portugal at a glance

When: Saturday 22 June (18:00 CET kick-off)
Where: BVB Stadion Dortmund
What: UEFA EURO 2024 Group F Matchday 2
How to follow: Build-up and live coverage can be found here

Where to watch Türkiye vs Portugal on TV

Fans can find their local UEFA EURO 2024 broadcast partner(s) here.

What do you need to know?

The top two in Group F meet in Dortmund knowing that victory for either could send them through as section winners. Both picked up three points in frenetic fashion in their first outings, Türkiye seeing off Georgia in perhaps the game of the tournament so far and Portugal mounting a late recovery to overcome Czechia.

Conceição's Portugal winner

All eyes will be on Crescent-Stars wingers Arda Güler and Kenan Yıldız, who were electric on Tuesday when they became the first 19-year-olds to start alongside each other in a EURO game in 60 years! Older than both combined, Cristiano Ronaldo is always one to watch: he has netted against 47 different international teams but never Türkiye.

Who needs what?
Possible line-ups

Türkiye: Mert Günok; Mert Müldür, Samet Akaydin, Abdülkerim Bardakcı, Ferdi Kadıoğlu; Kaan Ayhan, Çalhanoğlu, Orkun Kökçü, Arda Güler, Kenan Yıldız; Barış Alper Yılmaz

Portugal: Diogo Costa; Cancelo, Rúben Dias, Pepe, Nuno Mendes; Palhinha, Vitinha, Bruno Fernandes; João Félix, Ronaldo, Bernardo Silva

Form guide

Türkiye:
Form (all competitions, most recent first): WLDLLD

Portugal:
Form (all competitions, most recent first): WWLWLW

Expert predictions

Aydin Güvenir, Türkiye reporter

The pressure was heaped on Türkiye against Georgia – but extraordinary strikes from Arda Güler and Mert Müldür released it in some style. Versus Portugal, the pressure is all on their opponents (well, nearly). Georgia caused the Crescent-Stars a few problems at the back and you sense Portugal's forwards will not be so forgiving. Türkiye will have to keep the midfield congested and try to hit their vaunted rivals on the break.

Carlos Machado, Portugal reporter

Portugal struggled to break down Czechia but may find a Türkiye side whose style matches their own a more enjoyable task going forward. There will surely be more questions asked of their defence too, but it is in the midfield where this game could be won or lost. Türkiye have a lot of talent in the middle of the park – think Hakan Çalhanoğlu, Arda Güler or Orkun Kökçü – but the Seleção have plenty of cause for confidence.

Türkiye drama vs Georgia
What the coaches say

Vincenzo Montella, Türkiye coach: "We must focus on our identity and strengths. We need to undermine their strong points by being patient and staying compact. Our players can transition between the lines really well. We must keep the ball because when Portugal's opponents control possession more, they become uncomfortable and find it difficult to play."

Roberto Martínez, Portugal coach: "This game is crucial for us to progress, to create competitiveness in the dressing room, to grow. We need to have a clear idea of how to stop Türkiye, but we also need to be ourselves. We need to control the game, create width. I think the Georgia game demonstrated that Türkiye can defend, but also attack. The third goal encapsulated Türkiye's personality and attitude."

Rafael Leão: 'Türkiye will leave us spaces'
© 1998-2024 UEFA. All rights reserved.
Last updated: Saturday, June 22, 2024
Selected for you
Highlights, report: Last-gasp Portugal pip Czechia
Highlights, report: Türkiye edge thriller
Ronaldo appears in record sixth EURO
Cristiano Ronaldo's EURO records
UEFA EURO 2024
Matches
Groups
Video
Stats
Gaming
Teams
News
Tickets
Event guide
History
About
Store
ALSO VISIT
UEFA.com
UEFA Foundation
Store
CHANGE LANGUAGE
English
Français
Deutsch
Русский
Español
Italiano
Português
Privacy Terms and conditions Cookie policy Cookie Settings

© 1998-2024 UEFA. All rights reserved.

Cookies

We and our third-party partners use cookies on our site to offer you a better browsing experience, analyse site traffic and serve personalised content as detailed in our Cookie Policy. If you select ‘Accept all’, you consent to our use of cookies. To change your cookie preferences or disable cookies, select ‘Cookie settings’.

Cookie settings
Reject all
Accept all
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.uefa.com/euro2024/news/028e-1b2d8fc2579f-59e36adf2b47-1000--turkiye-vs-portugal-euro-2024-group-f-matchday-2-preview-w/ 
 ----- 
