NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Blue Jays' Berrios looks to extend win streak against Cardinals
Sportsnet Staff
@Sportsnet
September 14, 2024 - 2:22pm

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-10:a98f5a3c94bc92aac9e19de8 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Shi Davidi joins Sportsnet Central to break down the Toronto Blue Jays' 4-3 win over the St. Louis Cardinals, discussing Vladimir Guerrero Jr.'s stellar defensive play, Alejandro Kirk's recent impact, Kevin Gausman's outing, and more
12 comments

Right-handed pitcher José Berríos takes the mound Saturday as the Toronto Blue Jays aim for a second straight win at home against the St. Louis Cardinals.

Watch live on Sportsnet and Sportsnet+ with the first pitch scheduled for 3:07 p.m. ET / 12:07 p.m. PT.

Blue Jays shortstop Leo Jimenez — who was set to bat eighth on Saturday — was a late scratch due to a right index finger contusion, per Sportsnet's Hazel Mae. Replacing him in the lineup will be Ernie Clement, who will bat fifth.

The Blue Jays walked off the Cardinals 4-3 in the 11th inning during Friday's series opener at the Rogers Centre. Alejandro Kirk drove in the winning run on a deep single into left field with the bases loaded.

Berríos (15-9, 3.52 ERA) will look to extend his six-game win streak. The 30-year-old set a career-high for wins in a single season during his most recent start last Saturday. Berríos gave up just one run and five hits with five strikeouts over six innings as the Blue Jays beat the Atlanta Braves 9-5.

Toronto will be looking for an offensive contribution from Vladimir Guerrero Jr., who picked up a double in Friday's outing. The hot-handed slugger hasn't hit a home run in eight games and hasn't had a multi-hit game over that same span.

Right-handed pitcher Kyle Gibson (8-6) heads to the hill for the Cardinals. The 36-year-old has pitched well in his last two starts, giving up only one run in the last 13.2 innings while striking out 15.

Should the Blue Jays take this one, they'll win the inter-league series, marking their first series win against an NL opponent since they beat the San Francisco Giants in early July.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Rangers’ deGrom pitches 3.2 scoreless innings in return from elbow surgery
Kirk’s walk-off single lifts Blue Jays over Cardinals in extras
MLB NEWS
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MORE HEADLINES
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/blue-jays-berrios-looks-to-extend-win-streak-against-cardinals/ 
 ----- 
