NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Berríos wins seventh straight start, Guerrero Jr. gets 500th RBI as Blue Jays beat Cardinals
Canadian Press
September 14, 2024 - 8:04pm

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-10:c98d0e1a2fce8b42e078160b Player Element ID: vjs_video_874
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Davis Schneider hit his first home run in almost four months, and Jose Berrios spun seven innings of one-run ball as the Toronto Blue Jays handled the St. Louis Cardinals 7-2.
14 comments

Jose Berrios allowed two hits over seven innings to win a seventh straight start and Vladimir Guerrero Jr. registered his 500th career RBI as the Toronto Blue Jays defeated the St. Louis Cardinals 7-2 on Saturday. 

Davis Schneider also had three hits and two RBIs, including his first home run in 2 1/2 months, and Alejandro Kirk extended his hit streak to 10 games with an RBI single in the seventh as the Jays snatched the first two games of the teams' interleague series. 

Berrios (16-9) struck out four and gave up two walks in a 97-pitch outing before 33,999 at Rogers Centre. 

Tied 1-1, the Blue Jays (71-78) enjoyed a four-run sixth inning, sending nine batters to the plate. 

After Nathan Lukes led off with a single to left field, Cardinals starter Kyle Gibson (8-7) loaded the bases with back-to-back walks to Guerrero and Spencer Horwitz. 

A throwing error from shortstop Masyn Winn on Ernie Clement's grounder scored Lukes. This signalled the end of Gibson's day in which he gave up only one earned run on four hits with three walks and a strikeout over 5 1/3 innings. 

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-10:821b5159befde0843e529e05 Player Element ID: vjs_video_1724
OK
Close Modal Dialog

A ground out from Kirk off reliever Ryan Fernandez scored Guerrero, and back-to-back singles from Addison Barger and Schneider added two more runs. 

The Blue Jays got two more in the seventh to go up 7-1 when Lukes drilled a one-out triple into the right-field corner. He scored on Guerrero's single up the middle for his 96th RBI of 2024 and career No. 500. 

Guerrero then scored on a Kirk single the Toronto catcher's second RBI of the game. 

Berrios retired the first eight batters he faced before giving up a two-out homer in the third inning to Jordan Walker, who deposited his shot into the first row of the left-field seats. 

Schneider answered in the bottom half of the inning with a one-out opposite-field blast to tie the game after Gibson had retired the first seven batters he faced. 

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-10:498b3d8fdb13d262f6aa5ec7 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog

It was Schneider's 11th homer and first since June 22. 

The Cardinals (74-74) got a consolation run in the ninth after a double from Alex Burleson off Toronto reliever Luis Frias. 

JIMENEZ OUT 

The Blue Jays scratched shortstop Leo Jimenez from the lineup just before the game because of a right index finger contusion. 

Jimenez laid down a bunt single to load the bases in the 11th inning of the Blue Jays' walk-off 4-3 win Friday. 

ON DECK 

Toronto's Yariel Rodriguez (1-5) will start the final of the three-game series Saturday. The Cardinals are scheduled to counter with righty Miles Mikolas (8-11). 

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Blue Jays grappling with ins and outs of roster management as season comes to a head
Blue Jays’ Loperfido leaves vs. Cardinals with left adductor muscle discomfort
MLB NEWS
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MORE HEADLINES
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/berrios-wins-seventh-straight-start-guerrero-gets-500th-rbi-as-blue-jays-beat-cardinals/ 
 ----- 
