Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'Only in 2024, man': Arenado stung by bee in glove as Cards fall back to .500
Share
'Only in 2024, man': Arenado stung by bee in glove as Cards fall back to .500
September 14th, 2024

Julia Kreuz

@juliackreuz
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

TORONTO -- Sometimes the sting is literal.

Back at .500 and sitting seven games out of a Wild Card spot, the Cardinals were dealt another tough hand on Saturday afternoon, held to just three hits in a 7-2 loss to the Blue Jays at Rogers Centre.

Adding injury to insult, Nolan Arenado starred in one the most bizarre scenes of this unusual Cardinals season. It was the bottom of the eighth, and Arenado was minding his own business at third.

“A bee flew near my ear, I wiped it with my glove and I thought it was gone,” Arenado said. “I put my glove on -- got stung. It was stuck in my glove and it stung me [on] my pinky.”

In a bit of good news, Arenado says he’s fine, nothing that a Benadryl can’t fix. Still, this was a painful first for the 12-year veteran.

Some misfortune is avoidable, some of it is flat-out strange.

“Only in 2024, man,” said Arenado. “This year is -- I don’t know how to describe it. … 2024 has been a trip.”

This wild ride of a season continued with a loss that brought the Cards back to square one, with a 74-74 record and very little time to make up the deficit. No one is waving the white flag yet, but the tone seems to be slowly shifting.

“We’ve got 14 games left,” said Arenado. “You just try to end the year strong and compete. I'm not really looking at the standings, not too worried about it. [We’ll] just try to take care of business, and we'll see where we end up. Obviously, we dug ourselves a hole, and we need [other] teams to play bad for us to get to where we want to go. So at the end of the day, just focus on ourselves, try to end the year strong. That's it.”

Jordan Walker did his part in the third inning, launching a solo homer that left his bat at 104 mph and traveled a Statcast-projected 397 feet to give the Cards an early lead. But that was the one true moment of impact for the offense.

Forget hitting with runners in scoring position; St. Louis managed just three hits in the loss, stifled for seven innings by José Berríos.

A rare error by Masyn Winn in the bottom of the sixth put the game further out of reach.

After giving the Cards five strong innings, Kyle Gibson ran into trouble and loaded the bases with one out. He got the ground ball he needed against Ernie Clement in the next at-bat, but Winn’s throw to home plate came up a bit short, and catcher Pedro Pagés couldn’t handle it. That allowed the first of four unearned runs to score, an awkward blemish in Gibson’s campaign.

“I thought Gibby gave us a shot,” said manager Oliver Marmol. “ … Our best chance to keep [Clement] on the ground for a double play would be Gibby there. He gets the ground ball. Unfortunately, it doesn’t go our way at the plate.”

Related
Cards agree with Helsley, 2 others on '25 contracts, add waiver claim

January 9th, 2025

A salute to Goldschmidt, the model Cardinal

January 6th, 2025

Here are the best players of the 2000s ... so far

January 6th, 2025

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Arenado willing to waive no-trade clause for Red Sox (source)

January 6th, 2025

7 biggest offseason storylines to monitor in 2025

January 2nd, 2025

Gibson exited immediately after that, tabbed for five runs (one earned) on four hits and three walks over 5 1/3 innings as Ryan Fernandez -- so reliable for so much of this season -- struggled to keep the Blue Jays in check for the rest of the sixth.

It’d be futile to project how different the game could have looked had that play at the plate been made, especially since Riley O’Brien allowed two more runs to score in the following frame.

Besides, Winn has been as impressive as they come at shortstop. This was just one of those days.

“Another tough one, to be honest with you,” said Marmol.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
St. Louis Cardinals
Nolan Arenado

Julia Kreuz is a content producer for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

5:00 AM UTC

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Who signed and who didn't? Breaking down the arbitration deadline

4:24 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/nolan-arenado-stung-by-bee-in-glove 
 ----- 
