Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Finally off the Schneid: Davis slugs first HR since June
Share
Finally off the Schneid: Davis slugs first HR since June
September 14th, 2024

Keegan Matheson

@KeeganMatheson
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

TORONTO -- Finally, Davis Schneider's drought is over.

Schneider has spent the past four months searching for himself. It all happened so suddenly, his fall from being one of the Blue Jays’ most productive hitters to a slump that’s threatened his place in the big leagues, but there’s a reason he’s been given all of these chances, all this time to run into dead ends. Everyone’s been waiting for what happened Saturday.

Schneider homered for the first time since June 22, a stretch of 159 plate appearances that have been, at times, abysmal. He later ripped a single to left field to drive in an insurance run that padded the Blue Jays’ 7-2 win over the Cardinals at Rogers Centre. It finally looked like it did in April and May again.

As Schneider spoke after the win, Ernie Clement, one of his closest friends on the team, weaved through the crowd and cut in.

“Ever since Danny Jansen left, he doesn’t know how to pull the ball,” Clement said, his hand on Schneider’s shoulder.

As it turns out, Schneider was using one of Jansen’s old bats on Saturday. Next time Jansen is in town, Schneider said, he’s going to steal a few more.

The numbers since Schneider’s hot start tell most of the story. Schneider came into this weekend batting .151 with a .460 OPS since June, piling up strikeouts and empty at-bats along the way. Nearly all of Schneider’s value to this team depends on his bat, so there’s been nowhere for Schneider to hide and, to his credit, he hasn’t tried to. Schneider has been on the roster bubble at points, forcing some uncomfortable conversations within the organization, but he’s still been given every opportunity possible to turn this around.

“I give him credit because he works. He’s the first one here. He cares a lot and he’s really loved by his teammates,” manager John Schneider said. “When you’re struggling, you pull the layers back a little bit and look at what’s going on. If you like and trust what’s going on, you stick with a guy. He’s an easy guy to root for.”

Related
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

Why slugging Santander, Toronto could be ideal match

January 6th, 2025

Amid prolonged slump, Schneider aims to take control again

August 17th, 2024

9 surprising players leading their teams in hitting

May 23rd, 2024

Breaking down the Blue Jays after Week 1

April 4th, 2024

That’s because the Blue Jays have seen Schneider at his best, who is a player worth chasing. It’s important to take a snapshot of who Schneider was at the end of May, before everything started to unravel.

Coming off a debut for the ages in late 2023, Schneider hit .245 with seven home runs and an .824 OPS through April and May. For the last 12 games he started in May, he was the Blue Jays’ leadoff hitter and for good reason. And when the Blue Jays unveiled their City Connect jerseys at the end of May, the doors to their team store swung open the next morning for the long line waiting outside. While the Vladdy and Bo Bichette merch emptied out quickly, so did anything with Schneider’s name on it.

Schneider became a fan favorite overnight in 2023 when he kicked the door down with one of the best debuts in MLB history. He was the first MLB player with nine hits and two homers over his first three career games. The former 28th round pick with a mustache and glasses was beloved from the moment he showed up on everyone’s screens, which is why there’s been a certain level of patience from the fan base as well as the front office.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Davis has worked to keep a perspective in this, too. It all matters, but it can’t swallow him whole.

“I take this seriously. It is my job, so in that aspect, I make sure I put in the work. At the end of the day, it’s not the worst thing in the world if you’re not getting a hit,” Schneider said. “There’s a lot of people out there who are struggling way more than me. I get mad in the moment, but I do a pretty good job after the game of forgetting it and flushing it. There’s always a new day tomorrow.”

One day does not erase the last hundred, but it has to start somewhere.

Schneider now faces a steep hill at second base, but his ability to play some left field still works in his favor. This team, like it did coming into the season, still needs offense and still needs power. Schneider seemed like a good bet for 20-plus homers coming into the season, so if any of that is still in there, the Blue Jays are going to keep looking for it. They haven’t stopped, and neither has he.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Toronto Blue Jays
Davis Schneider

Keegan Matheson covers the Blue Jays for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

5:00 AM UTC

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Who signed and who didn't? Breaking down the arbitration deadline

4:24 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/davis-schneider-ends-home-run-drought 
 ----- 
