Fox News
U.S.
Politics
World
Opinion
More
Expand / Collapse search
Watch TV
NBA
NOP
123
PHI
115
FINAL
NBA
OKC
126
NYK
101
FINAL
NBA
BKN
105
DEN
124
FINAL
NCAA BK
22
UCLA
61
MD
79
FINAL
NCAA FB
CFP SEMIFINAL COTTON BOWL
6
OSU
28
3
TEXAS
14
FINAL
ALL SCORES
MLB
AL West teams vie for final wild-card spot, NL race heats up as MLB season enters final week
MLB postseason begins next week
 By Ryan Morik Fox News
Published September 25, 2023 5:00am EDT
Facebook
Twitter
Flipboard
Comments
Print
Email
Video
Fox News Flash top sports headlines for September 25

Fox News Flash top sports headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com.

Some argue that 162 games is way too long for a season. That can continue to be a debate, but one thing is for certain: all 162 matter.

As the MLB season enters its final week, three teams in the same division are fighting for two (possibly three) postseason spots in the American League, including the division title, while the final two spots in the National League will also come down to the wire.

Here's a look at the postseason races for the final week of the regular season (you may need to follow closely):

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Framber Valdez of the Houston Astros is restrained by Julio Rodriguez of the Seattle Mariners and Hector Neris after both benches cleared when Jose Caballero was hit by a pitch at Minute Maid Park on August 19, 2023, in Houston. (Bob Levey/Getty Images)

The AL Wild Card race is insane

Entering Friday, the Houston Astros, Texas Rangers and Seattle Mariners were all within 0.5 games of one another. The latter two faced off in a three-game series in Arlington, and the Rangers swept it. Meanwhile, the Astros were swept at home by the lowly Kansas City Royals.

Now, the Rangers are up 2.5 games in the division and face the Angels in Los Angeles for the next three days. They've won 11 of their last 15, and it's now their division to lose.

The Astros' cold stretch is now two weeks old when they should have run away with the division. Heading into Sept. 11, they were 2.5 games up in the AL West with nine of their next 12 games against the Royals and Oakland Athletics. Well, they lost two of three to the A's, Royals and Baltimore Orioles each before getting swept by Kansas City this weekend.

Leody Taveras of the Texas Rangers celebrates with teammate Josh Jung after hitting a two-run home run against the Seattle Mariners during the fourth inning at Globe Life Field on September 24, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (Ron Jenkins/Getty Images)

BRAVES' RONALD ACUNA JR ACCOMPLISHES FEAT NO PLAYER HAS EVER COME CLOSE TO IN MLB HISTORY

The Astros still hold the final wild-card spot, thanks to Texas, by just a half-game over the Mariners, who they play in a three-game series in Seattle beginning Monday. The probables are Justin Verlander and Luis Castillo, Cristian Javier and George Kirby, and Framber Valdez and Bryce Miller, and the winner of this series will likely hold the third wild-card spot as play enters the final weekend.

The Astros don't control their own destiny in the division, but the Mariners actually still do. That's because after their three-game series with the Astros, they close the season out with a four-game set against the Rangers in the Pacific Northwest.

Julio Rodríguez of the Seattle Mariners speaks with Adolis García of the Texas Rangers prior to the start of the Home Run Derby at T-Mobile Park on July 10, 2023, in Seattle. (Steph Chambers/Getty Images)

While the Rangers should feel rather comfortable after this past weekend, the AL West and the third-wild card spot are both certainly up for grabs.

What about the AL East?

The Toronto Blue Jays, owners of the second wild-card slot, are up 2.5 games on the Mariners. They host the New York Yankees for three games before the Tampa Bay Rays come to town, and their magic number for a postseason berth is 5.

The Rays have clinched at least a wild-card spot, but they are still fighting for the division, which is currently led by the Baltimore Orioles by 2.5 games. 

The Orioles' magic number for the AL East title is 4 as they wrap up their schedule with three against the Washington Nationals and three against the Boston Red Sox, all of which will be played in Camden Yards. Before the Rays head to Canada, they'll travel to Boston for three: advantage, Baltimore.

Gunnar Henderson #2 and Austin Hays of the Baltimore Orioles celebrate a 2-1 win against the Cleveland Guardians at Progressive Field on September 23, 2023, in Cleveland. (Ron Schwane/Getty Images)

MARLINS SHUT DOWN REIGNING CY YOUNG AWARD WINNER WITH ARM INJURY AS WILD-CARD PUSH CONTINUES

To the National League

The Philadelphia Phillies will very likely clinch the top wild-card this week as their magic number is just 2. The final two wild-card spots are likely a three-team race between the Arizona Diamondbacks, Chicago Cubs and Miami Marlins.

After the Diamondbacks complete their rain-delayed series against the Yankees on Monday, they'll have three games in Chicago against the White Sox before heading to Houston for a trio of games to end their season. While they're not competing against one another for the same postseason spot, the atmosphere will already be postseason-like, as both teams will be vying for their own separate berths. Arizona owns the second wild-card, being just a half-game ahead of the Cubs, and 1.5 games back of the Marlins.

The Cubs do not have an easy road to hold onto their postseason spot – they have three in Atlanta against the NL East champion Braves and then three against the likely NL Central champion Brewers in Milwaukee.

The Marlins are currently on the outside looking in behind Chicago, but the schedules do play out in Miami's favor – they're on the road for their final six regular-season games but against the New York Mets and Pittsburgh Pirates, both of which will finish the season under. 500.

Cody Bellinger, left, Nico Hoerner, Christopher Morel and Dansby Swanson of the Chicago Cubs celebrate their 4-3 win over the Colorado Rockies at Wrigley Field on September 24, 2023, in Chicago. (Nuccio DiNuzzo/Getty Images)

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

But the Cincinnati Reds are not dead. They're 2.5 games out, and with five games left, they face the Cleveland Guardians for two and the St. Louis Cardinals for three, all of which are on the road.

Oh, and here is your reminder that Major League Baseball did away with Game 163s last year, so mathematical tiebreakers will have to be put into effect, if necessary.

It may be football season, but the baseball season is entering the best part – and it's about to be a whole lot of fun.

Related Topics
MLB
Houston Astros
Texas Rangers
Seattle Mariners
Arizona Diamondbacks
Chicago Cubs
Miami Marlins
U.S.
Crime
Military
Education
Terror
Immigration
Economy
Personal Freedoms
Fox News Investigates
Digital Originals
Politics
Executive
Senate
House
Judiciary
Foreign Policy
Polls
Elections
World
U.N.
Conflicts
Terrorism
Disasters
Global Economy
Environment
Religion
Scandals
Opinion
Media
FOX Nation Coverage
Entertainment
Celebrity News
Country Music
Royals
Game Shows
Couples
Exclusives
Sports
NFL
College Football
MLB
NBA
NHL
Golf
Tennis
Soccer
UFC
WWE
Lifestyle
Health
Food & Drink
Auto
Travel & Outdoors
Real Estate
House & Home
Fitness & Well-being
Style & Beauty
Family
Faith
FOX Business
Personal Finance
Economy
Markets
Watchlist
Lifestyle
Real Estate
Tech
Science & Tech
Air & Space
Security
Innovation
Video Games
Military Tech
Planet Earth
Wild Nature
Watch Live
FOX News Shows
Programming Schedule
On Air Personalities
Full Episodes
Show Clips
News Clips
About
Contact Us
Careers
Fox Around the World
Advertise With Us
Media Relations
Corporate Information
Compliance
Apps & Products
FOX News Go
FOX Weather
FOX Nation
FOX Noticias
FOX News Shop
FOX News Radio
Outkick
Newsletters
Podcasts
Games
Daily Crossword Puzzle
Crazy Crystals Match 3 Game
Word Search
Mini Crossword Puzzle
Stack and Match Block Puzzle
5 Across the Letter Word Game
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Flipboard
LinkedIn
Slack
RSS
Newsletters
Spotify
iHeartRadio
Fox News
Updated Terms of UseNew Privacy PolicyYour Privacy ChoicesClosed Caption PolicyHelpContact UsAccessibility Statement

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxnews.com/sports/al-west-teams-vie-final-wild-card-spot-nl-race-heats-up-mlb-season-enters-final-week 
 ----- 
