Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Will Dusty Baker Return to Manage Astros in 2024?
Houston Astros manager Dusty Baker is not under contract for the 2024 Major League Baseball season. He will he return to manage his club, even if the Astros miss the playoffs?
Jack Vita | Sep 24, 2023
Will Dusty Baker Return to Manage Astros in 2024? /
In this story:
Houston Astros

Less than a year after they raised the Commissioner's Trophy, the Houston Astros are in serious danger of missing the playoffs for the first time since 2016.

The Astros entered the final month of the season tied for first place, with a 77-58 record. However, the club has struggled throughout September, going 8-12.

Saturday's 3-2 defeat clinched the Astros' fourth-straight series loss. Three of those series losses have come at the hands of the lowly Kansas City Royals (53-102 entering play Sunday) and Oakland Athletics (48-107).

If the season ended after Saturday, Houston would barely make the playoffs, as the American League's third Wild Card team and the final team in. However, there is no certainty that the Astros will be playing postseason baseball. The club is only up a half-game on the Seattle Mariners, with the two teams opening a critical three-game series at T-Mobile Park on Monday.

As Houston continues to slide in the final weeks of the regular season, Astros fans have taken to social media to air their frustrations, with manager Dusty Baker receiving the brunt of the criticism. Some from the outside are speculating whether Baker will return to manage the club in 2024.

Baker, 74, signed a one-year contract extension, following the 2022 season. The 25-year veteran manager is not under contract for 2024. If the Astros missed the playoffs, it could be a natural time to part ways with the baseball lifer. But moving on from Baker after one down year would seem like a knee-jerk reaction.

Baker was hired in January 2020 to replace A.J. Hinch in the aftermath of the sign-stealing scandal. Even with a short offseason and the challenges presented by COVID-19, Baker returned the Astros to the ALCS that fall. In the two years since, Houston has won back-to-back American League Pennants, and in 2022, Baker won his first World Series as a manager.

Baker has a golden reputation in the sport, and is well-liked by his players, the media and opposing clubs. The Astros may be experiencing a bit of a down year by their standards, but the club has been marred by injuries all season long. Jose Altuve, Yordan Alvarez, Luis Garcia, Lance McCullers Jr. and Jose Urquidy have all spent significant chunks of time on the IL.

Baker has needed to rely on a handful of inexperienced, young players and rookies, some of whom have shown tremendous promise. J.P. France and Hunter Brown have shown great potential, pitching out of the club's rotation. Utility man Mauricio Dubon and catcher Yainer Diaz have also impressed.

Baker should receive at least some credit for the positive development of his young players, who have seemed to respond well to the longtime manager.

At age 74, Baker could choose to call it a career upon the conclusion of the season, which would obviously require the Astros to replace him. But if Baker wants to remain with the club, I imagine he will stay put for 2024, as he should.

Published Sep 24, 2023
JACK VITA

Jack Vita is a writer and contributor to Sports Illustrated's Inside the Astros, and host of the Jack Vita Show, a popular sports podcast available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, YouTube and wherever podcasts are found. Jack is a 2017 graduate of Valparaiso University, in northwest Indiana. Since completing his degree, Jack has created his own independent sports media outlet (JackVita.com) and podcast (the Jack Vita Show). He has featured prominent guests from the worlds of sports and entertainment including Brian Urlacher, Scot Pollard, Bob Nightengale, Dan O'Dowd, and Survivor icons Stephenie LaGrossa Kendrick, Cirie Fields, Danni Boatwright and "the Dragon Slayer", Coach Benjamin Wade. While studying at Valparaiso, Jack was the school newspaper's beat writer for the Valpo Crusaders men's basketball team, which won three straight Horizon League championships from 2015-2017. Traveling to cover the team, Jack had a front row seat to one of the nation's best mid-major teams, headlined by future NBA Draft pick Alec Peters and coached by NCAA Tournament hero Bryce Drew. Jack hosted a weekly sports radio show and provided play-by-play and color commentary services for ESPN 3 and the university's student radio station, WVUR-FM, 95.1 The Source, covering Valparaiso men's soccer, women's basketball, softball and volleyball. Jack also covered these sports, in addition to men's and women's tennis, baseball and women's soccer for the school newspaper, The Torch. While he was in college, Jack interned for and co-hosted Jewell On Sports, a sports radio program on AM 1050 WLIP in Kenosha, Wisconsin. There, he interviewed various pro athletes such as Ahman Green, Javon Walker and Javier Arenas, in addition to talking sports with the late, great Brad Jewell. Jack also interned for 22nd Century Media, a now defunct newspaper corporation that provided news to the North Shore of Chicago. With 22nd Century Media, Jack wrote post-game recaps, feature stories about local athletes, reviews of local restaurants and compiled the newspaper's "Pet of the Week" and "Athlete of the Week" sections, while providing copy-editing services. Before attending Valparaiso, Jack enrolled at Carthage College in Kenosha, Wisconsin, where he studied for two years before transferring. He is a high school graduate of New Trier Township High School in Winnetka, Illinois. You can follow Jack on Twitter @JackVitaShow, subscribe to his podcast, the Jack Vita Show, wherever podcasts are found, and reach him via email at jack@jackvita.com.

Follow JackVitaShow

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/astros/news/will-dusty-baker-return-manage-astros-jack9 
 ----- 
