LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
FOOTBALL
FIFA World Cup qualifier: India loses 2-1 after controversial Qatar goal; drops out of WC qualification
India were ahead thanks to Lallianzuala Chhangte's 37th minute goal but a Qatar disaster struck when the referee adjudged Yousef Aymen's 73rd minute equaliser as fair after the ball appeared to have gone out of play.

Published - June 12, 2024 11:15 am IST - Doha

PTI
READ LATER
PRINT

Qatar’s Khaled Ali Binsabaa in action with India’s Jeakson Singh and others during the AFC Asian Qualifiers in Doha, Qatar, on June 11, 2024 | Photo Credit: Reuters

Poor refereeing robbed India of a chance to secure a historic entry into the third round of the FIFA World Cup Qualifiers as Asian champions Qatar rode on a controversial goal to emerge 2-1 winners in Doha on June 11, 2024.

India were ahead thanks to Lallianzuala Chhangte's 37th minute goal but disaster struck when the referee adjudged Yousef Aymen's 73rd minute equaliser as fair after the ball appeared to have gone out of play.

 Bidding farewell to football legend Sunil Chhetri

The controversial decision turned the game on its head as Qatar scored their second through Ahmed Al-Rawi in the 85th minute.

This was after the Indians came within touching distance of scripting history after going 1-0 at half time, with Kuwait and Afghanistan goalless in the day's other match.

But the Indian dream lay shattered in a space of few minutes in the second half courtesy the controversial goal by Aymen and the ensuing strike by Al-Rawi.

Meanwhile, Eid Al-Rashidi struck the winner for Kuwait in the 81st minute. Qatar and Kuwait thus progressed to the second round.

Chhangte strikes

Earlier, playing barely five days after the international retirement of arguably the country's greatest footballer Sunil Chhetri, not many gave the beleaguered 121-ranked India side a chance.

But Igor Stimac's wards turned the tables in style and looked on course after Chhangte's strike.

Chhangte, the 27-year-old winger from Mizoram's Lunglei, struck the ball accurately into the bottom corner after a diagonal pass from Brandon Fernandes.

Having received the ball, he made no mistake in outsmarting his marker and broke the deadlock to silence the backers of the fancied hosts at the Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium.

It was redemption of sorts for Chhangte as he found the back of the net after failing to convert two chances created by Brandon.

The strike also made Chhangte India's highest-scoring active player with eight goals.

A good number of Indian supporters also made their way into the venue and at times outperformed the home crowd when it came to cheering after Chhangte's strike.

After weathering an initial wave of attacks from Qatar when the day's skipper and goalkeeper Gurpreet Singh Sandhu pulled off a couple of crucial saves, India, without Chhetri after many years, began to put pressure on their hosts.

Mehtab Singh also played his part, making a goal-line block off a shot by Ahmed Alrawi, to keep India in the hunt early on.

Attacking in waves

As the first half wore on, India's three forwards, Rahim Ali, Chhangte, and Manvir Singh, along with midfielders Fernandes, Jeakson Singh, and Suresh Wangjam formed a six-man press that launched attacks in waves and did not allow the Qatar defenders to settle on the ball in their own half.

Jeakson played Rahim through behind the Qatar defence in the 25th minute, and the latter sprinted into the box and drove it hard and low across the goal, but the cross evaded the onrushing Chhangte and Manvir.

Almost immediately, Manvir was played through in the 31st minute and just had the keeper to beat, but his effort was parried away.

Chhangte intercepted a pass in the Qatar third, played a one-two with Brandon and squared it to Rahim, who was just a yard short of the pass.

The Qatar defence looked shaken and the Indians were there to capitalise on it. Chhangte opened the scoring.

Jay Gupta, after a one-two with Jeakson on the left flank, played it back to Brandon, who found the perfect weight on his through pass to Chhangte. The nifty winger coolly finished it at the near post.

Second half on the back foot

The momentum completely changed in the second half. India were no longer employing their six-man press as they remained content with a mid-block instead.

Qatar were looking to work the half-space channels, and Alrawi, the recipient of a second cut-back had his shot blocked again by Mehtab.

Sahal Abdul Samad and Liston Colaco, who had replaced Fernandes and Rahim, almost created that chance. Prowling on the counter, Sahal jinked past his marker and set Liston through, but the latter was just inches offside.

Qatar struck back with a little over 15 minutes of regulation time left, as Ayman turned in a cut-back from point-blank range. The Indian players vehemently protested the decision, claiming that the ball had already gone out of play before the goal was scored, but the referee did not budge.

Jay caused some stir down the left in the 82nd, but a poor touch meant that the Qatar keeper stepped out and parried it off his feet. Liston had a chance to score from the rebound, but his shot was deflected before being collected.

Alrawi broke Indian hearts again when he curled it from outside the box and into the bottom corner past a flailing Gurpreet.

Published - June 12, 2024 11:15 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

World Cup / soccer

Most Popular
Top news of the day: 179 killed in South Korea plane crash; South Africa wins thriller against Pakistan, books WTC final spot, and more
Why inflation will matter more in 2025: Explained
SANTOSH TROPHY | Bengal motors past Services and into the final
Elon Musk vows to ‘go to war’ to defend H-1B visa programme; Trump sides with him
SA vs PAK first Test: South Africa collapses to 116-8 against Pakistan as fast bowler Abbas shines in 1st Test
Former IPS officer deputed as OSD on Ayodhya dispute Acharya Kishore Kunal dies of heart attack in Patna
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Allu Arjun to appear for questioning 
GST Council’s 55th meeting 
Protests over J&K reservation policy 
Shyam Benegal passes away at 90 
The Hindu advent calendar 2024 
Hindu 2024 flashback 
News 
Live news 
BJP news 
Congress news 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/football/fifa-world-cup-qualifier-india-loses-2-1-after-controversial-qatar-goal-drops-out-of-wc-qualification/article68280105.ece 
 ----- 
