Skip to content

Hong Kong Free Press HKFP

Hong Kong news, breaking updates – 100% Independent, impartial, non-profit

Support us
Menu
POSTED IN
CHINA
China make it through to next qualifying stage for 2026 World Cup, edging Thailand out
China and Thailand finished with the same number of points and same goal difference, but the Chinese went through with a superior head-to-head record. Some of the Thai players were in tears at the end.
NEWS SERVICE by AFP
16:19, 12 JUNE 2024 
Why you can trust Hong Kong Free Press
Click to share on X (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Threads (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to print (Opens in new window)

By Peter Stebbings

China squeezed into the third round of Asian qualifying for the 2026 World Cup despite a 1-0 defeat at South Korea on Tuesday, with Indonesia also progressing on a night of drama.

South Korea’s Son Heung-min (2R) fights for the ball with China’s Wu Lei (R) and Fang Hao (2L) during the FIFA World Cup 2026 Asia zone qualifiers football match between South Korea and China in Seoul on June 11, 2024. Photo: Jung Yeon-je/AFP.

Paris Saint-Germain’s Lee Kang-in scored just after the hour in Seoul for South Korea, who were already into the next qualifying phase as group winners.

The damaging loss left China’s World Cup hopes hanging by a thread, but Thailand failed to take advantage as their dreams of progressing fell agonisingly short.

They needed to beat basement side Singapore by three goals in Bangkok to leapfrog China into second place in Group C of the second qualifying phase, but the Thais could only win 3-1.

China and Thailand finished with the same number of points and same goal difference, but the Chinese went through with a superior head-to-head record.

Some of the Thai players were in tears at the end.

Embed from Getty Images

In contrast to the crushing disappointment in Bangkok, Indonesia celebrated reaching the third qualifying round for the first time with a 2-0 home victory over the Philippines.

Indonesia joined Iraq in advancing out of Group F, with Thom Haye and Rizky Ridho the goal-scoring heroes in front of a raucous crowd of 64,000 in Jakarta.

Five-star Japan

Elsewhere, coach Hajime Moriyasu warned Japan that the third qualifying round will be “a completely different level” after thrashing Syria 5-0 to go through with a 100 percent record.

Moriyasu’s side completed the second qualifying stage on maximum points with 24 goals scored and none conceded after an easy win in Hiroshima.

Japan are looking to qualify for their eighth straight World Cup when the tournament takes place in the United States, Canada and Mexico.

“We were facing a team that had to win, and the players got the result by working hard to prepare, doing the things that they had to do,” said the coach.

Embed from Getty Images

“But the final round coming up will be a completely different level from the second round.”

North Korea thrashed Myanmar 4-1 in Vientiane, the capital of Laos, to leapfrog Syria and join Japan in moving out of Group B.

In Group D, Malaysia defeated Taiwan 3-1 at home but it is unlikely to be enough, unless Kyrgyzstan lose to Oman later by seven goals.

In a dead rubber in Group I, Australia thrashed Palestine 5-0 in Perth with Portsmouth’s Kusini Yengi scoring twice, one from the spot. Both sides were already into the next phase.

Like Japan, Australia had maximum points in the second phase and did not concede a goal in six games.

Embed from Getty Images

In Group A, a late Eid Al Rashedi goal gave Kuwait a 1-0 win against Afghanistan, sealing their place in the next stage of qualifying at the expense of their opponents and India, who lost 2-1 to group-toppers Qatar.

India took a first-half lead but goals inside the final 20 minutes from Yousef Aymen and Ahmed Al Rawi meant they remained on five points, two behind Kuwait.

The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) had previously confirmed both matches would kick off at the same time to ensure no side would have the advantage of knowing exactly what result they would need to progress.

Eighteen teams will contest the third qualifying round in Asia, when there will be direct spots for the World Cup up for grabs.

Type of Story: News Service

Produced externally by an organization we trust to adhere to high journalistic standards.

Support HKFP  |  Policies & Ethics  |  Error/typo?  |  Contact Us  |  Newsletter  | Transparency & Annual Report | Apps

Help safeguard press freedom & keep HKFP free for all readers by supporting our team

LATEST FROM HKFP
Police arrest 39 over allegedly staging traffic accidents to apply for aid under gov’t assistance scheme
Hong Kong public hospitals change guidelines on disclosure of medical blunders
China lifts ban on Australian rock lobster, marking an end to ‘trade impediments’ imposed on Canberra by Beijing
Hong Kong NGO sheds light on why sexual violence survivors may not report to police

HKFP has an impartial stance, transparent funding, and balanced coverage guided by an Ethics Code and Corrections Policy. 

Support press freedom & help us surpass 1,000 monthly Patrons: 100% independent, governed by an ethics code & not-for-profit.

Support HKFP  |  Code of Ethics  |  Error/typo?  |  Contact Us  |  Newsletter  |  Annual & Transparency Report

TAGGED:2026 World CupAFPAsian Football ConfederationJapanSouth KoreaThailand
AFP

Agence France-Press (AFP) is "a leading global news agency providing fast, comprehensive and verified coverage of the events shaping our world and of the issues affecting our daily lives." HKFP relies on AFP, and its international bureaus, to cover topics we cannot. Read their Ethics Code here

More by AFP

HKFP is a proud member of:

Subscribe to HKFP's newsletters
HKFP Dim Sum
Our best features, interviews & original reporting, sent on Mondays.
HKFP Daily Digest
A digest of all HKFP stories from the day, sent at 9pm daily.
Sign up

Unsubscribe at any time. HKFP will never share your details with third parties.

LATEST STORIES
Police arrest 39 over allegedly staging traffic accidents to apply for aid under gov’t assistance scheme
Hong Kong public hospitals change guidelines on disclosure of medical blunders
China lifts ban on Australian rock lobster, marking an end to ‘trade impediments’ imposed on Canberra by Beijing
Hong Kong NGO sheds light on why sexual violence survivors may not report to police
China’s Xi Jinping swears in new Macau leader Sam Hou-fai on 25th anniversary of ex-colony’s return to Chinese rule
NGO warns Hong Kong drug users getting younger, as survey shows 46% started between ages 12 and 17
More stories from today
FEATURES & INTERVIEWS
Hopeful mothers, unhappy being told to ‘try again’ after repeated miscarriages, spend time, energy, money to have kids
Hong Kong filmmaker duo on city’s ‘political colours’ and winning at Taiwan’s Golden Horse Awards
Mystery dinner guest: Meet the Hongkonger who’s treated almost 200 strangers to meals
In Pictures: In rural Hong Kong, farmers seek to return lost local rice varieties to the land
More stories

Views expressed by opinion writers & advertisers are not necessarily shared by HKFP.

Where to find HKFP:

HKFP Platforms:
HKFP Mobile Apps.
HKFP Newsletter.
HKFP Podcast.

HKFP Social Media:
HKFP Bluesky
HKFP Facebook.
HKFP Instagram.
HKFP LinkedIn.
HKFP Telegram.
HKFP Threads
HKFP X/Twitter.
HKFP YouTube.

HKFP Channels:
HKFP Apple News.
HKFP Flipboard.
HKFP News360.
HKFP Pushbullet.

About HKFP:

Advertise with HKFP.
Announcements.
Awards.
Careers.
Contact HKFP.
Community Guidelines.
Corrections Policy.
Corrections Log.
Documentary on HKFP.
Freelance Charter.
Newspaper Registration (periodical).
Policies, Ethics & Standards.
Privacy, T&Cs.
Security Law.
Staff Roster.

HKFP Partnerships:

MOST-READ STORIES TODAY
China’s ‘problems with the West’ could only be resolved by Xi Jinping stepping down, Jimmy Lai tells security law trial
Cutting civil servants' pay would impact public's earnings, HK legislators say amid looming HK$100 bn deficit
Managing boar population cost gov't HK$21 million annually over past 3 years, as 630 wild pigs killed this year
HK$640 million spent on Hong Kong 'baby bonus' scheme as city seeks to boost birth rate
'Common practice' for South Asian domestic workers to be underpaid, abused in Hong Kong, unions say
Macau independent media outlet pulls article about security measures ahead of Xi Jinping visit
CATEGORIES
Categories
Select Category
Animals
Arts, Lifestyle & Events
Business
China
Community & Education
Defence & Foreign Policy
Domestic Workers
Environment & Health
Hide
HKFP Announcements
HKFP Buzz
HKFP Features
HKFP Lens
HKFP Reports
HKFP Venture
HKFP Voices
Hong Kong
Humour & Satire
Interviews
Law & Crime
LGBTQ & Gender
Macau
Opinion
Paid Content
Politics & Protest
Science & Technology
Sport
Taiwan
TOP-LEVEL CAT (Pick 1)
Travel & Transport
Urban Exploring
Video
World
ABOUT THE TRUST PROJECT

The Trust Project is a collaboration among news organizations around the world. Its goal is to create strategies that fulfill journalism’s basic pledge: to serve society with a truthful, intelligent and comprehensive account of ideas and events.

Learn more.
Facebook
X
Instagram
Threads
LinkedIn
Bluesky
YouTube
Telegram
Phone
RSS
About HKFP
Advertise with HKFP
Annual Report 2023
Announcements
Awards
Careers
Community Guidelines
Documentary
Freelance Charter
Ethics, Policies, Standards
Privacy, T’s & C’s
Store
Staff
Support HKFP
Transparency Report 2023

HKFP IS PROTECTED BY RECAPTCHA. THE GOOGLE PRIVACY POLICY & TERMS OF SERVICE APPLY.

© 2024 HKFP LTD
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
PRIVACY, T’S & C’S
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://hongkongfp.com/2024/06/12/china-make-it-through-to-next-qualifying-stage-for-2026-world-cup-edging-thailand-out/ 
 ----- 
