JOIN
 
 
 
News
Livescores
Featured Videos
Live Stream
Cricket
Football
Other Sports
Download App
Language
Dark Mode
 
 
 
 

‹
LATEST NEWS

 Written by DafaNews
IND vs ENG 2024: England not difficult to beat, just different – Ravindra Jadeja

 February 15, 2024

Indian all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja feels England is not difficult to beat but admitted they play a different brand of cricket. Under Ben Stokes and Brendon McCullum, England has adopted an aggressive approach of taking the bull by its horns and have also reaped rewards.

The visitors stunned the hosts in the opening Test match by 28 runs after Ollie Pope scored a majestic knock of 196 runs. However, India was able to bounce back strongly in the second game, registering a 106-run to level the series.

Meanwhile, Ravindra Jadeja missed the second Test due to a hamstring injury. However, Jadeja achieved 100% fitness ahead of the ongoing third Test at Rajkot.

“I won’t say they are difficult because their style of playing cricket is aggressive,” Jadeja said a day ahead of the game. “In all these years, whichever team has come they have not found it easy to come to India, play on the Indian wickets and win in Indian conditions.

“But in this series, even the first Test that we lost, we had taken a lead of 190 runs and from there we slipped. In the second innings, due to small mistakes we lost the game. It is not that England are difficult to beat but they play with a different style and it takes some time to understand that. Once you understand their style and approach we can plan our game accordingly.”

Meanwhile, Ollie Pope had taken the attack to Jadeja in the opening Test match at Hyderabad. However, the left-arm orthodox spinner added he would not drift away from his plans in the third game.

“As a team, if someone is playing differently you will start thinking about the lines to bowl. As a bowler I will try to keep it simple and not try anything different because they are playing different shots. Let them play their style of cricket, we will stick to our basic plans which we have been doing for so many years.”

England have put themselves in front as they have bagged three wickets in the first hour of the opening day in the third Test match.

About the Author
Written by DafaNewsDafaNews brings you the most highlighted news in the world of Sports. It serves you up-to-date matches, scores, live streams, fantasy games and quizzes. Our news covers India’s prestigious leagues and events – Premier League, Pro Kabbadi League, Cricket World Cup and many more. Follow DafaNews on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter,Telegram and Youtube for more updates.
  
RELATED NEWS
Cricket
Key Players Return for Vijay Hazare Trophy Knockouts; KL Rahul Opts for a Break

 January 8, 2025  

Cricket
Sanjay Manjrekar picks Jasprit Bumrah as India’s Test captain for series in England

 January 8, 2025  

Cricket
Ravi Shastri discusses struggling Virat Kohli’s future in Test cricket, says he still has a role to play

 January 8, 2025  

About Dafanews

DafaNews app brings you the most highlighted news in the world of Sports. It serves you up-to-date matches, scores, schedules and stories from the most prestigious leagues and events – Indian Premier League, Pro Kabbadi League, Cricket World Cup and many more. You are also able to be given a choice to pick your favorite leagues and sports. Aside from that, all articles and videos are now available to be shared with your social media friends and followers.

Follow us and receive the latest updates
Contact Us
 Email:Support@dafanews.com  International Toll Free:00080-0100-7166
ICC Team Rankings
ICC Batsman Rankings
ICC Bowler Rankings
T20 Batsman Rankings
T20 Bowler Rankings
Test Batsman Rankings
Test Bowler Rankings
Live Score
Schedules
Indian Super League
Live Score
Schedule
FIH Hockey Rankings
Live Hockey Score
Schedule
Live Score
Schedule
Tennis World ATP Rankings
Tennis World ATP WTA rankings
US Open
Wimbledon Schedule
BWF Live Scores
BWF World Rankings
Tournaments Schedule
Golf News
Golf Rankings
Golf Live Score
Boxing News
Boxing Schedule
Boxing World Rankings
Wrestling News
Horse Racing News
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://in.dafanews.com/cricket/ind-vs-eng-2024-england-not-difficult-to-beat-just-different-ravindra-jadeja-78338.html 
 ----- 
