National
Madhesh Province
Lumbini Province
Bagmati Province
National Security
Koshi Province
Gandaki Province
Karnali Province
Sudurpaschim Province
Politics
Valley
Kathmandu
Lalitpur
Bhaktapur
Opinion
Columns
As it is
Letters
Editorial
Cartoon
Money
Sports
Cricket
Football
International Sports
Culture & Lifestyle
Arts
Brunch with the Post
Movies
Life & Style
Theater
Entertainment
Books
Fashion
Health
Food
Recipes
Travel
Investigations
Climate & Environment
World
Science & Technology
Interviews
Visual Stories
Crosswords & Sudoku
Horoscope
Forex
Corrections
Letters to the Editor
Today's ePaper
Wed, Jan 8, 2025
18.12°C Kathmandu
Air Quality in Kathmandu: 189
WHAT'S NEWS :Constitution amendment agendaHuman metapneumovirusTU teachers flouting lawsHigh suicide ratesExport restrictions
CRICKET
Nepal lose against Namibia in Cricket World Cup League 2 opener
The defeat ends coach Monty Desai’s 13-match winning streak at home in the one-day internationals. This also brings a halt to Nepal’s 15-match winning run at home in the ODIs.
Nepal captain Rohit Paudel is bowled out by Namibia’s Jack Brassell (not seen) during the opening tri-series of the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup League 2 at the TU Cricket Ground in Kritpur on Thursday. Hemanta Shrestha/TKP
bookmark
facebook
twitter
mail
Sports Bureau
Published at : February 15, 2024
Updated at : February 16, 2024 07:21

Hosts Nepal started their ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup League 2 (2024-2027) campaign with a four-wicket loss against Namibia at the TU Cricket Ground in Kirtipur, Kathmandu on Thursday.


Invited to bat first after losing the toss, Nepal set a paltry 133-run target following a batting collapse. Tourists Namibia chased down the target in 33.1 overs losing six wickets.

The defeat ended coach Monty Desai’s 13-match winning streak at home in the one-day internationals. This also brings a halt to Nepal’s 15-match home winning run in the ODIs.

Desai—officially appointed on February 6 last year—started his Nepal duty on February 14 with a victory against Namibia during the home tri-series of the last edition of the ICC Cricket World Cup League 2 (2019-2023). Following his appointment, Nepal won 11 out of their 12 League 2 ODI matches—eight of which were played at home—to pip Namibia to third spot and gain automatic qualification to the Cricket World Cup Qualifier.

Under Desai, Nepal also kept a perfect record at the ACC Men’s Premier Cup—only matches against Oman and the United Arab Emirates had ODI status—to qualify for Asia Cup.

The Rhinos were also coming off a 3-0 ODI series sweep against Canada and were high on confidence for the first of the 24 tri-series of the League 2, which forms a part of qualification process to the 2027 Cricket World.

But on Thursday, they could not cope with the lethal spin of Gerhard Erasmus, who took 5-28 in his 8.1 over bowling spell.

The Rhinos struggled with the bat from the onset as Ruben Trumpelmann (2-30) removed Kushal Bhurtel for a golden duck and Anil Sah for eight in the first ball of the third over.

Nepal soon found themselves in big trouble at 25-4 in the first powerplay after Jack Brassell got rid of Aasif Sheikh (4) and captain Rohit Paudel (1).

Bhim Sharki (44 runs off 86 balls) and Kushal Malla (15 runs off 22 balls) added 46 runs for the fifth wicket to steady the ship. But Erasmus ended the partnership dismissing Malla in 19.5 overs and caused further damage taking the wickets of Sompal Kami (2) and Sharki.

Gulsah Jha (21), Pawan Sarraf (12) and Karan KC (16) then dragged Nepal to 132 in 41.1 overs.

Namibia made a good start to their chase as openers Michael van Lingen (23) and Nikolaas Davin (15) and Jan Frylinck (34) took them to a commanding 81-2 in 21 overs.

Kami gave Namibia some scare with three quick wickets of captain Erasum (8), Frylinck and Zane Green (2).

But Jan Nicol Loftie-Eaton remained calm to add a 30-ball 31 and Johannes Jonathan Smit (17 not out) smashed a six off Malla to complete Namibia’s revenge.

Nepal play the Netherlands on Saturday.

Nepal will play 36 ODIs over the next four years in the eight-team League 2 that also features Canada, Oman, the United Arab Emirates and the United States and League 2 champions Scotland.

Each nation will host three tri-series and play the other six series away from home during the League 2 cycle.

The top four teams from the League 2 will automatically progress to the 2027 Cricket World Cup Qualifier.

The bottom four teams will compete against the top four teams of the Cricket World Cup Challenge League—the third-tier competition of international 50-over cricket—in the playoff for the four World Cup Qualifier spots.

Teams failing to secure automatic qualification to the World Cup based on the ICC ODI rankings will also join the World Cup Qualifier.

RELATED NEWS
Nepal announces squad for ACC U-19 Women’s Cricket World Cup
Stand-in Boland stands up again for Australia
Australia take seven wickets after tea to beat India in Melbourne
Markram moves closer to ton as South Africa reach 180-5 at lunch
Bosch to make South Africa debut against Pakistan
Kushal Malla joins Desert Vipers for ILT20
MOST READ FROM CRICKET
Kushal Malla joins Desert Vipers for ILT20
Nepal announces squad for ACC U-19 Women’s Cricket World Cup
Australia take seven wickets after tea to beat India in Melbourne
Markram moves closer to ton as South Africa reach 180-5 at lunch
Bosch to make South Africa debut against Pakistan
EDITOR'S PICKS
Samples extracted for petroleum exploration in western Nepal
Hearts online, hurt offline: The dark side of teenagers’ virtual relationship
A life of coping with the contradictions
Geoeconomics: The new geopolitics in Nepal
How the shady Airbus A330 jets deal was orchestrated
E-PAPER | JANUARY 08, 2025
Read ePaper Online
×
ABOUT US
About the Post
Masthead
Editorial Standards & Integrity
Workplace Harassment Policy
Privacy Policy
READ US
Home Delivery
ePaper
CONTACT US
Write for the Post
Letters to the Editor
Advertise in the Post
Work for the Post
Send us a tip
INTERACT WITH US
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
OUR SISTER PUBLICATIONS
eKantipur
saptahik
Nepal
Nari
Radio Kantipur
Kantipur TV
© 2025 www.kathmandupost.comPrivacy Policy
Top
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kathmandupost.com/cricket/2024/02/15/nepal-open-cwc-league-2-series-with-four-wicket-loss-against-namibia 
 ----- 
