Skip to content
Subscribe Now
26°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime & Public Safety
Your Tax Dollars At Work
Massachusetts
Nation
World
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Columnists
Traffic
Automotive
Real Estate
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Submit a Letter
Sports
Sports
Boston Red Sox
New England Patriots
Boston Celtics
Boston Bruins
Olympics
College Sports
High School Sports
Politics
Politics
Donald Trump
Election 2024
State House
Boston City Hall
Entertainment
Entertainment
Arts
Movies
TV and Streaming
Music and Concerts
Events
Fun & Games
Contests
Comics
Puzzles
Special Sections
Lifestyle
Lifestyle
Restaurants Food & Drink
Travel
Fashion
Boston Herald Store
Photo
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Login

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Boston-area ex-priest who pushed for Cardinal Law’s resignation is accused of sexual assault January 9, 2025 at 3:00 pm
SPORTSNBA
Joe Mazzulla pinpoints one area Celtics ‘absolutely’ must improve
Sam Hauser #30 and Neemias Queta #88 of the Boston Celtics try to stop Gary Payton II #0 of the Golden State Warriors during the second half of the NBA game. (Photo By Matt Stone/Boston Herald)
By ZACK COX
UPDATED: November 13, 2024 at 11:39 AM EST

The Celtics boast a deep enough roster to win without Kristaps Porzingis. But they’ve missed their rehabbing big man in one important area this season: rim protection.

Twelve games in, Boston ranks 18th in the NBA in blocks per game, 20th in blocks per 100 possessions, 18th in opponent field-goal percentage in the restricted area and 20th in opponent shooting percentage on defended field goals inside six feet.

Its rankings in those categories last season: first, first, seventh and second, respectively.

After the Celtics were outscored 68-20 in the paint and surrendered 20 offensive rebounds Tuesday in a 117-116 loss to Atlanta, head coach Joe Mazzulla said his team’s defense at the rim “absolutely” needs to improve.

“We got cross-matched on them a few times, but (the Hawks) got rebounds and layups on everybody,” Mazzulla said. “Bigs, smalls, mediums. They just outplayed us, both ends of the floor.”

Last season, Celtics opponents’ shooting percentage on shots at the rim was 6.1% worse with Porzingis on the court than off it, per Cleaning the Glass. That disparity ranked in the 95th percentile of all NBA players.

Boston doesn’t have another player who can replicate Porzingis’ rare skill set, and with him unlikely to return from offseason leg surgery until December at the earliest, Mazzulla has tried out several different frontcourt configurations in his absence.

Recently, he’s leaned more on emerging center Neemias Queta, who’s leapfrogged Luke Kornet and Xavier Tillman as the top option behind Al Horford. The loss to Atlanta was Queta’s fifth consecutive game with at least 20 minutes played.

Kornet, meanwhile, logged just 10 total minutes over the last two games after missing one with a hamstring injury, and Tillman has largely faded from the rotation despite starting last Friday against Brooklyn, with three healthy DNPs in the last seven games and 18 total minutes played during that span.

Queta has been Boston’s most effective rim protector so far this season, with opponents’ shooting percentage in those situations much lower with him on the floor (-7.0%) than Kornet (-2.3%), Horford (+3.9%) or Tillman (+7.9%).

But his defensive rebounding numbers have been lacking. Opponents have recovered offensive boards at a 7.7% higher rate with Queta in the game, per Cleaning the Glass, which ranks in the fourth percentile league-wide. Horford’s been far better there: -7.1%, 93rd percentile. Kornet is an even 0.0%.

The Celtics will get Porzingis back soon enough, and improvements in these areas should follow. But until then?

“Individual defense is the most important thing,” Mazzulla said. “We’re playing smaller, so we have to be better at our individual defense.”

Originally Published: November 13, 2024 at 10:45 AM EST
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Utah: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
Why Do Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear to My Mam?
Libiyi
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
A 70-year-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All Around
Libiyi
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Insider Secrets to Playing Online Slots
Casino Review Journal
Revolutionary Device Ends Neuropathy Suffering Overnight
2025 Neuropathy Guide
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
The Worst City in America is Found in Utah
Definition
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Health Trition
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? You Won't Believe The Mind-bending Answer!
Tardive
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Guard Against Wind and Water With Our 4-in-1 Winter Down Trapper Hat
fanyil
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
Moerie
Experience Safer Nighttime Drives With These Glasses
Ribili
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Discover The Perfect Cordless Table Lamp for Your Salt Lake City Home
Ribili
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Don't Ignore These Early Warning Signs of Psoriatic Arthritis
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
Salt Lake City: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
What Causes Myelodysplastic Syndrome? The Revelation Everyone’s Talking About!
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Scientists: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Bone on Bone Joints? Try This 15 Second Solution
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in Salt Lake City Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
What Really Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome? Prepare to Be Shocked!
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Hairloss After 40 Linked to 1 Common Thing (Stop Doing This)
WG Hair Restore
What is Squamous Cell Carcinoma? Do You Know? (See More)
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Swelling & Trapped Fluid? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Edema
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Where the Red Sox stand with their 4 eligible players on MLB arbitration deadline day
Spencer Republican plans to file bill that would repeal gun law Healey signed last summer
Inside the Patriots’ 2024 season, Jerod Mayo’s firing and a franchise’s continued fall
ICE blasts Boston: Feds say BPD refused 198 immigration detainer requests for ‘egregious crime’ in 2024, not 15
Judge scraps Biden’s Title IX rules, reversing expansion of protections for LGBTQ+ students
Ticker: Mortgage rates at 6-month high; Dockworkers reach deal, avert strike
Five places and experiences that are on my bucket list for 2025
NYC mom stabbed to death defending young daughter in brawl with 20 women
Its a sad day to be the 2024 BMW X1
After Massachusetts police officers were accused of sexual assault, city launches hotline to report cops for misconduct
TRENDING NATIONALLY
5 dead in California fire as it explodes to 10,600 acres — 100 structures burned
Jimmy Carter federal holiday: What’s open, what’s closed Jan. 9 for National Day of Mourning
Gas and weed and go? Judge says Florida regulators were OK nipping plan in the bud
Tattoo artist sentenced to federal prison for buying and selling stolen body parts
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
MORE IN SPORTS
How game vs. Payton Pritchard showed Derrick White his NBA potential
Patriots put in interview request with fifth head coaching candidate
Bruins tweak struggling power-play units for game against Tampa
SUBSCRIBER EXCLUSIVE
Wednesday’s high school roundup/scores: Will Nunes powers Austin Prep past Kent School
2024
November
13
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS
e-Edition
Send a News Tip
CONTACT US
Boston Herald Store/Back Copies
Work With Us
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Contests
Special Sections
Fun & Games
Jobs
BUSINESS DIRECTORY
Network Advertising
Adtaxi Solutions
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Informatio
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bostonherald.com/2024/11/13/joe-mazzulla-pinpoints-one-area-celtics-absolutely-must-imporve/ 
 ----- 
