Skip to Search
Skip to Live Player
Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
Forsberg: That was as bad as I've seen Celtics play
 
DELIVERED BY NETA BROOKLINE
  
HOME
ABOUT
ARTICLES
PODCASTS
Forsberg: That was as bad as I’ve seen Celtics play
Author Ryan Beaton
November 13th, 2024 4:46 PM

On Wednesday’s Toucher & Hardy program, Chris Forsberg reacted to the Boston Celtics’ disappointing 117-116 loss to the Atlanta Hawks. Tuesday night’s group-stage matchup was the first NBA Cup game of the season for both teams.

Forsberg: Celtics ‘Sloppy’ & ‘Careless’

Parts of conversation abbreviated for clarity.

Fred Toucher: How is the NBA Cup going for the Boston Celtics?  

Chris Forsberg: Not great. The Cup is bad. I was very excited about last night’s game and all these matchups. The Celtics evidently did not match the Atlanta Hawks’s intensity. It was a little bewildering.  

There’s one flaw this Celtics group has had over multiple seasons. Whenever the other team is a little bit decimated, they don’t bring their “A” effort, and last night was chief among them.  

I mean that was as bad as I’ve seen them play, sloppy and just careless. It’s a little frustrating. I thought they would be really fired up for this thing and they weren’t. 

Toucher: Is Atlanta better without Trae Young? 

Forsberg: I mean, it sure feels that way, right? 

Toucher: It really does.  

Jon Wallach: The Hawks beat them twice in Atlanta last year without Trey Young. So yes, they’re much better defensively without him. 

Forsberg: I always think there’s something to the idea that when a team doesn’t have its stars and like the other guys get that opportunity, I think there’s always just the chance that they go out there and play above expectation.  

Could they do this over a sustained period of time? I don’t know. We’ll see how long Trae Young is out. He had this Achilles thing last year. 

But for whatever reason, when you enable Dyson Daniels and Jaylen Johnson, those guys will want to make a name for themselves. It was clear those guys embraced that situation.  

Also, there’s something about not having a ball-dominant guy like Young out on the floor. Trae does share the ball and he’s a good passer, but he takes a high volume of shots. That part is undeniable. 

I’ve never been able to figure out the Hawks. They got to the Eastern Conference Finals a couple of years ago. Last year, they came plummeting back to Earth a little bit. And they’ve got some questions because they moved on from Dejounte Murray. Now, they’ve got some questions about building around a different core. We’ll see how things fare for them over a larger sample size. 

Segment Audio

Ryan Beaton is a producer for 985thesportshub.com. You can follow Ryan at @ry_beaton on Twitter.

X/Twitter: @ToucherandHardy | @HardyRadio | @KenGriffeyrules
Instagram: @toucherandhardyofficial | @fredtoucher | @hardy985
Facebook: Toucher & Hardy 

For the latest, Visit the show page on 985thesportshub.com. Follow 98.5 the Sports Hub on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram! Visit our channel on Youtube! 

Ryan Beaton is a producer and content creator for 98.5 The Sports Hub. Ryan was born in Weymouth, Massachusetts. He graduated from the University of Massachusetts in 2021, studying Broadcast Journalism. Ryan started his radio career in college as a play-by-play announcer/producer for WMUA 91.1 FM. He produces multiple weekend shows, including: 98.5 Over/Under, Hockey Show, and Sunday Kickoff. He is also a part of the Celtics, Bruins, and Patriots Radio Network. His favorite sports are Mixed Martial Arts, Football, and Basketball. Ryan enjoys playing golf but is NOT good at it. Ryan writes about all New England sports from Patriots football to Boston Celtics and Boston Bruins.
3 STARS: BRUINS PULL OFF BIGGEST COMEBACK YET WITH WIN OVER BLUES

Through two periods of play Tuesday night in St. Louis, the Bruins looked ready for what would’ve been their worst loss to date. Oh boy, has it been annoying to say that as many times as we have this season.

For two periods, the B’s details were off. That, through what’s been an up-and-down start, was nothing all that new. And in addition to the little things not being there, the Black and Gold’s power play was once again stumbling and fumbling, all while their penalty kill was once again failing to make the extra play or clear needed to stay out of danger, with two power-play goals surrendered in what’s shaped up to be a downright miserable shorthanded year for the usually-excellent Boston penalty killing units. Again, these are things that have almost constantly come to the table when the Bruins have lost games this season.

The Bruins were, dare I say, boring.

… Until they found life in the third period.

In what felt like a FINALLY! kind of moment for this Bruins team, the Bruins erased a two-goal deficit in the third period, and by all means stunned the Blues with a 3-2 final in St. Louis. What was looking like a loss that would’ve come with some serious long-term ramifications or led to some changes was instead flipped on its head and turned into yet another potential building block kind of victory for the Black and Gold.

Here are the 98.5 The Sports Hub (dot com) 3 Stars from a win in St. Louis…

Third Star: Morgan Geekie

Nov 12, 2024; St. Louis, Missouri, USA; St. Louis Blues goaltender Jordan Binnington (50) gives up a goal to Boston Bruins center Morgan Geekie (39) during the third period at Enterprise Center. (Jeff Curry/Imagn Images)

A healthy scratch in three straight games, Morgan Geekie was given one hell of a rebound opportunity, with Tuesday coming with Geekie not only thrown back into the lineup, but back in the lineup and to the left of Pavel Zacha and David Pastrnak on the B’s top line. And Geekie did not miss his chance to make that opportunity count, with a goal that ultimately sparked Boston’s third-period comeback against Jordan Binnington.

Speaking ahead of Monday’s flight out to St. Louis, Geekie acknowledged that he felt that a lot of what was bugging him (zero goals and two assists in 11 games this season) was more between the ears than anything physically.

This isn’t too dissimilar to his 2023-24, which saw him start slow before really picking things up in late November. But for better or worse, these Bruins aren’t built to deal with another prolonged Geekie dry spell after he emerged as a tremendous middle-six scoring threat for the club a year ago.

In addition to the goal, Geekie finished Tuesday’s win with two hits, a blocked shot, and a plus-2 rating.

Second Star: Charlie McAvoy

Nov 12, 2024; St. Louis, Missouri, USA; Boston Bruins defenseman Charlie McAvoy (73) controls the puck as St. Louis Blues left wing Jake Neighbours (63) defends during the third period at Enterprise Center. (Jeff Curry/Imagn Images)

The Bruins are a better team when Charlie McAvoy shoots the puck. It’s just a fact. And McAvoy gave us another example of that Tuesday, with the game-tying goal that forced the Blues to respect his shot later in the evening when he dished it off to David Pastrnak for the game-winning goal.

What was doubly important about McAvoy’s night is that it felt like his best hockey came after Hampus Lindholm was knocked out of the game with a lower-body injury. The Bruins had to lean on McAvoy, and lean on him hard (with over 25 minutes), and he delivered for the Black and Gold.

They’re gonna need more of that, too.

First Star: David Pastrnak

Nov 12, 2024; St. Louis, Missouri, USA; Boston Bruins right wing David Pastrnak (88) reacts after scoring the game winning goal against the St. Louis Blues during the third period at Enterprise Center. (Jeff Curry/Imagn Images)

Here’s a ‘fun’ stat for you: Of the Bruins’ first six shots in this contest, all six came from David Pastrnak. But it wasn’t until Pastrnak’s final shot of the evening that Boston’s top offensive weapon finally broke through on Jordan Binnington for what captured the win for the Bruins in the third period of this contest.

You could almost see the relief on Pastrnak’s face once that goal crossed over the line and gave No. 88 his first goal since his strike in Boston’s Oct. 26 win over the Maple Leafs. But Pastrnak put his fingerprints all over this game, beginning with the takeaway-and-assist on Morgan Geekie’s third-period strike. And the Bruins downright dominated the puck whenever Pastrnak was out there.

I’ve said it dozens of times before and I’ll say it again: Pastrnak is perhaps the only Bruins player who has that legit ‘takeover’ ability on a nightly basis. His third period felt like that, and the offensively-challenged Bruins are going to need that every single night until the some of the other percentages around the lineup trend upwards.

Get The 98.5 The Sports Hub Newsletter Delivered To Your Inbox
Stay up to date with the latest Boston sports news and analysis, local events, exclusive contests, and more.
Email *
SUBSCRIBE
By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time.
Author Ryan Beaton
Category:
Toucher & HardyCelticsLatest Content From The ShowsThe Sports Hub
TAGS: 
BASKETBALL,BOSTON CELTICS,NBA
MORE TOUCHER & HARDY
Boston Calling 2025 Update: What to Know, Best Bands to See
Reiss: Patriots have to make big changes. Bottom line.
Breer: Somebody on Patriots staff will pay a price
Toucher: Fix NBA ratings by expanding the court size
The Best Christmas Ska for Our 1st Ever Skanksmas Celebration
Top Albums of 2024: Toucher & Hardy React to the Best of List
Patriots in Disarray: Is Jerod Mayo’s Confidence Seen as Arrogance? Andrew Callahan Weighs In
Myers: No question Belichick asked about Jets job opening
Mike Reiss Tears Into Patriots’ Struggles: “This Team Needs a Major Overhaul”
Socci: Patriots are taking steps backward
Breer: Belichick will have to change coaching style in college
“Fred Nailed It!” Red Sox Shake Up MLB with Garrett Crochet Trade Predicted by Fred Toucher
Dave Richards: Best fantasy football playoff tips
Forsberg: Tough for Marcus Smart to watch Celtics win championship
Callahan: How much does North Carolina plan to pay Belichick?
Fred Toucher on Mike Lombardi: “He’s the Sports Version of Beetlejuice” from Howard Stern
Fred Toucher: Cowboys Should Consider Aaron Glenn Over Ben Johnson for Top Job
Funk Playlist: Toucher & Hardy’s Truly Top Tunes, Vol. 3
Reiss: I think Bill Belichick takes North Carolina job
Is Dan Campbell the Next Parcells? Albert Breer Weighs In
Bill Belichick’s Next Move: Could the NFL Legend Build a Powerhouse in College?
Dave Richards: Best under the radar fantasy players
Fred Toucher Pushes Back Against Drake Maye-Will Levis Comparison: ‘You Can’t Ignore the Patriots’ Situation’
‘Not for Real Baseball’: Fred Toucher Compares “Golden At-Bat” Rule to Savannah Bananas Gimmicks
Forsberg: How long until Payton Pritchard is starter?
Callahan: I think we’ll see Patriots coaching changes after season
Giving Tuesday 2024: Toucher & Hardy Show’s Top Charities
90s Alt Playlist: Toucher & Hardy’s Truly Top Tunes, Vol. 2
Reiss: Patriots came up small in big moments against Colts
Rob ‘Hardy’ Poole: Patriots’ Red Zone Failures and Defensive Collapse Lead to 25-24 Loss
Can Drake Maye Save the Patriots? Albert Breer Weighs In
Breer: Patriots fans don’t know what a rebuild looks like
Jabrill Peppers’ Future with the Patriots in Question
Bad Plane Behavior: Toucher & Hardy On What NOT To Do In The Air
Callahan: Patriots locker room joking around after loss
Hip Hop Playlist: Toucher & Hardy’s Truly Top Tunes, Vol. 1
Reiss: Patriots fans deserve better after embarrassing loss
Albert Breer: Robert Kraft’s Campaign For The Hall of Fame Led to Him Being Denied
Perry: NFL teams noticing great intangibles from Drake Maye
Toucher & Hardy: Most Viewed Moments of 2024
Fred Toucher: “Catastrophic” if Bruins Don’t Respond After Jim Montgomery Firing
The Best 2000s Songs: Toucher & Hardy Don’t Know the Hits
Ty Anderson: Bruins firing of Montgomery was inevitable
90s Sitcoms Second Tier or Undefeated Cavalier? Play the New Game
Mike Reiss: Patriots Lost Against The Rams Because Jerod Mayo Was Too Aggressive
Callahan: Firmly believe Drake Maye is future top 10 quarterback
Toucher & Hardy: The Boston Bruins Hit Rock Bottom – Now What?
Drake Maye’s Growth Continues: Bob Socci Weighs in on Patriots’ Future Star
Download our station app

Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!

Newsletter sign up

Don't miss on pre-sales, member-only contests and member only events.

98.5 The Sports Hub – Boston's Home For Sports Newsletter
About
Privacy Policy
Personal Data Request
Terms of Service
DMCA
FCC Public File
FCC Applications
EEO
Terms and Conditions
General Contest Rules
Archived Contest Rules
Advertising Terms and Conditions
Connect
Advertise with Us
Subscribe to the Sports Hub Newsletter
Careers
Contact Us
How To Listen
Flagship Station of
New England Patriots
Boston Bruins
Boston Celtics
New England Revolution
By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.Privacy Policy
Customize Settings
Disable All
Accept All
Sign up for the 98.5 The Sports Hub Newsletter

Stay up to date with the latest Boston sports news and analysis, local events, exclusive contests, and more.

Subscribe
By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
×
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://985thesportshub.com/2024/11/13/forsberg-that-was-as-bad-as-ive-seen-celtics-play/ 
 ----- 
