SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Bahrain frustrate Socceroos in shock World Cup qualifier loss

Topic:
Socceroos

Thu 5 Sep
Thursday 5 September

Mitch Duke missed a late chance as the Socceroos suffered a shock home defeat. (Getty Images: Chris Hyde)

In short:

A 10-man Socceroos outfit has suffered a shock 1-0 loss to Bahrain on the Gold Coast in a disastrous setback to their hopes of direct World Cup qualification.

The game marked the side's first on the Gold Coast and Bahrain's maiden win over Australia.

What's next?

The third round of World Cup qualifying continues in Jakarta against Indonesia on Tuesday.

abc.net.au/news/bahrain-frustrate-socceroos-in-shock-qualifier-loss/104317454
Link copied
Share article

A 10-man Socceroos outfit has suffered a shock 1-0 loss to Bahrain on the Gold Coast in a disastrous setback to their hopes of direct World Cup qualification.

Striker Kusini Yengi was red-carded for a high challenge, then the Socceroos were red-faced by an 89th-minute own goal against the run of play as Bahrain frustrated their way to a maiden win over Australia.

The loss, in the side's first game on the Gold Coast, is a massive setback to begin the third round of qualifying that continues in Jakarta against Indonesia on Tuesday.

Only the top two sides in a pool that also includes China, Japan and Saudi Arabia will earn direction qualification to the 2026 showpiece.

Australia enjoyed 70 per cent of possession and — in the second half particularly — camped in Bahrain's half, attempting to pick up the pace after a lacklustre first 45 minutes produced few highlights.

Mohamed Marhoon (left) was theatrical after Alessandro Circati (right) won a header. (AAP: Dave Hunt)

They made more than double the amount of passes than their rivals, but those efforts only yielded four shots on target and barely troubled goalkeeper Ebrahim Lutfalla as a frustrated Socceroos outfit slowly lost patience.

Things threatened to unravel in a final 20 minutes with crafty Bahrain winger Mohamed Marhoon going down in the corner and earning Alessandro Circati a yellow card, despite replays suggesting a lack of contact.

Marhoon was theatrical again moments later, falling to the ground after Circati won a header.

Fullback Harry Souttar was then booked for a high challenge and Yengi earned a straight red after 80 minutes when his boot caught the neck of Sayed Baqer as he contested a loose ball.

Yengi had a forgettable night, bumped off the ball early in the contest then scuffled a deflection from Craig Goodwin's laser-like cross approaching halftime.

A 10-man Socceroos outfit has suffered a shock 1-0 loss to Bahrain on the Gold Coast. (AAP: Dave Hunt)

Not even the injection of Bayern Munich excitement machine Nestory Irankunda after 57 minutes could spark something.

Starting on the right, he showed dash to earn an early free kick then had a shot blocked and shot saved after moving to the left at the introduction of substitute Awer Mabil.

Bahrain strung out their time on the ball looking to run out the clock, but it was the visitors who struck first with Abdulla Alkhalasi's cross deflecting off Souttar and beating Mat Ryan on his near post.

Only six minutes of injury time were awarded, but the Socceroos missed a golden chance to equalise. Mitchell Duke's open header blazed across the face of goal.

A pitch invader then capped off the chaos — Australia's final foray ending in a limp turnover before the full-time whistle sparked wild scenes from Bahrain's bench.

AAP

Get a morning news briefing in your inbox
Subscribe to our ABC NewsMail bringing you breaking news from overnight, plus a heads-up on the stories that will shape your day.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Thu 5 Sep 2024 at 1:00pm
Thursday 5 Sep 2024 at 1:00pm
Related topics

Australia

Bahrain

FIFA World Cup

Robina

Soccer

Socceroos

Sport

Top Stories
Targeted scams are on rise, experts say, as couple loses Gold Coast home to 'spear phishing' attack

Topic:
Scams and Fraud

Photo shows Sarah and Laine stand in the driveway of the house they lost to a scam on a sunny day.
Man dies after shark attack off Central Queensland coast

Topic:
Shark Attacks

Police release photos of two men following Caboolture shooting murder

Topic:
Police

Three homes destroyed by bushfire in western Victoria

Topic:
Bushfires

Russian air defence active at time of plane landing, Putin tells Azerbaijan leader

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

Just In
Russian air defence active at time of plane landing, Putin tells Azerbaijan leader

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

3h ago
3 hours ago
Kyrgios calls dopers 'disgusting', Thompson says Purcell's ban "a joke"

Topic:
Tennis

7h ago
7 hours ago
Yoon authorised 'shooting' during martial law bid, South Korean prosecutors say

Topic:
World Politics

6h ago
6 hours ago
Police release photos of two men following Caboolture shooting murder

Topic:
Police

9h ago
9 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-09-05/bahrain-frustrate-socceroos-in-shock-qualifier-loss/104317454 
 ----- 
