EFL

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Leeds United hope ‘bargain’ Ao Tanaka will bring goals and excitement to midfield
By Nancy Froston
Sep 5, 2024

52

Ao Tanaka has cult hero potential at Leeds United.

Fans do not come up with a song within 24 hours of a player signing unless they know he has the ability to excite. It helps, of course, if that player has a name as ripe for wordplay as Tanaka’s. Saturday’s debut at Elland Road brought a clever re-working of Tequila, a call-and-answer copy of Freddie Mercury conducting the Wembley Stadium crowd in a singalong at Live Aid, and a rendition of The Ramones’ Blitzkrieg Bop.

Alongside the fun supporters have had with the Japan international’s name — which is actually pronounced ‘Ow’, rather than ‘Ay-Oh’— Leeds have landed a classy player who is very highly regarded. In three years in Germany, the 25-year-old acclimatised and then thrived in the 2. Bundesliga, leaving it as one of the second tier’s best midfielders.

A 10-minute cameo in the weekend’s 2-0 defeat of Hull City, after signing hours earlier, on deadline day, was enough to suggest Tanaka can do the same in the equivalent division in English football, as he dictated the pace to help Leeds secure their first home win of the season. It was enough to lead manager Daniel Farke to assess his new central midfielder as “a pretty cool player, a cool person and cool on the ball”. Despite his brief appearance off the bench against Hull, data from Opta shows Tanaka made 18 successful passes, only 13 fewer than the visitors’ entire team in the time he was on the pitch.

GO DEEPER

Leeds' transfer window reviewed: Few shenanigans but painful sales and Farke left wanting

Leeds originally lodged a bid with Fortuna Dusseldorf for Tanaka last summer, but opted for fellow midfielders Glen Kamara and Ilia Gruev when it was knocked back. They finally landed him a year on, after Kamara’s sale to Rennes in France, for a fee in the region of £3million ($3.9m) — seen as a bargain to those who have watched him regularly. His quality saw him picked out by Premier League new boys Ipswich Town’s manager Kieran McKenna following a pre-season friendly won 2-1 by visitors Fortuna in July. McKenna said: “Anyone who is serious about football will know a little about him.”

Even casual fans might remember Tanaka for the most memorable goal of his career so far, in Japan’s final group game of the 2022 World Cup against Spain. It sealed a 2-1 win, sent Japan through to the knockout phase as group winners ahead of the Spaniards and at the expense of Germany, and caused plenty of debate as to whether Kaoru Mitoma’s assist went out of play before Tanaka prodded home.

Leeds will hope Tanaka, who came through the academy at J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale, will be able to add goals to their midfield unit after his seven in 30 league games last season.

Farke’s deep-lying midfielders, usually Gruev and Kamara and occasionally Ethan Ampadu, failed to score a single goal between them in the same campaign’s regular season (Gruev got one in the play-offs), so Tanaka’s eye for goal, particularly from long range, is surely an asset. He is more of a box-to-box midfielder than Kamara, for example, and has been compared to Real Madrid and England star Jude Bellingham for his style, and ability to play a range of midfield roles.

It seems fitting, with that comparison in mind, that Tanaka has taken the No 22 shirt at Leeds. The number was also worn by Bellingham at Birmingham City and Germany’s Borussia Dortmund, after coaches at Birmingham said he had the traits of a No 4, a No 8 and a No 10, numbers which when added together come to 22. Tanaka has developed into an archetypal No 8 who can also play as a No 6, so looks less likely to be used in the much-debated No 10 role at Leeds.

Tanaka’s box-to-box role benefited Fortuna as they finished third to make the promotion/relegation play-off last season, agonisingly losing to top-flight Bochum 6-5 on penalties after the tie finished 3-3 on aggregate.

Here, against Kaiserslautern last October, from a more advanced position in the centre of Fortuna’s usual 4-5-1 formation, Tanaka received a lay-off from striker Vincent Vermeij and takes one touch before releasing a shot…

…which is rifled into the back of the net.

It is a very similar finish to another long-range goal he scored against Hansa Rostock in February, which was one of his 11 goal contributions in the league.

Tanaka’s ability to time his runs and his general positioning are strengths, although he is less likely to be the type of midfielder to dribble or carry the ball often. He won awards while at Kawasaki Frontale, being voted J1 League rookie of the year in 2019 (the only Frontale player to have won that award) and making the J1 League best XI in 2020 as they won the title.

After initially moving to Fortuna on loan in summer 2021, the transfer was made permanent the following April as he made 29 appearances in his debut season.

Dusseldorf, a commercial hub in Germany, has Europe’s largest Japanese population, making it a home away from home for the country’s footballers, but Tanaka’s singular focus on his game also helped him to settle.

He works hard with individual training and gym sessions as well as taking a close interest in nutrition to aid his performance. Tanaka has a clear personal target of playing in the Champions League and despite opportunities to join Celtic, who are in this season’s Champions League, Denmark’s Midtjylland (playing in this season’s Europa League) and Como in Italy’s Serie A this summer, Leeds were considered the best next move for his career.

He has now joined up with the Japan squad during this international break and will look to add to his 27 caps in World Cup qualifiers at home against China on Thursday and away to Bahrain on Tuesday.

Nailing down a starting place alongside Wataru Endo (Liverpool) and Hidemasa Morita (Sporting Lisbon) is a key ambition after helping his country to fourth place in the Olympics on home soil three years ago and his exploits at the following World Cup. This get-together will reunite him with Brighton & Hove Albion winger Mitoma again, with the pair having played together at elementary school, in middle school, for Kawasaki Frontale, and in the national team.

When he returns to England next week, Leeds can look forward to Tanaka helping to unlock their forward line with through balls and his long-range passing, but his support runs should also enable their attackers to get in behind defences. His through-ball ability was demonstrated in this game against St Pauli in January.

Christos Tzolis spreads a pass to Tanaka in the middle of the pitch before continuing his run into the penalty area.

Tanaka reads his movement and, first time, plays a perfectly weighted return ball for Tzolis to run onto and deliver a cross.

Tanaka also frequently spreads the play wide, which would allow Leeds to capitalise on the attacking threat of their full-backs and wingers.

Leeds have signed far more than just a classy midfielder, however, with Tanaka’s addition bringing commercial opportunities for both club and player. Though he has not yet achieved the exposure of countrymen Hidetoshi Nakata or Keisuke Honda in previous years, Tanaka has modelled for luxury brand Dior and has the potential to tap into further opportunities in fashion should his career continue on an upward trajectory.

He is seen as one of the poster boys of Japanese football, something which will bring new eyes to Leeds’ fortunes.

Cool, committed and with superstar potential, Tanaka is not a run-of-the-mill signing for Leeds and neither is the player’s decision to come to Elland Road an accident. Both have big ambitions for this season — time will tell if they can deliver that longed-for return to Premier League status come May.

GO DEEPER

Remembering Sol Bamba: No bitterness, no resentment, just strength, bravery and that glorious smile

(Top photo: Leeds United)

Get all-access to exclusive stories.

Subscribe to The Athletic for in-depth coverage of your favorite players, teams, leagues and clubs. Try a week on us.

Start Free Trial

Nancy Froston is The Athletic's Leeds United writer. She previously reported on the EFL covering the Championship, League One and League Two as well as a three year spell writing about Sheffield Wednesday. Follow Nancy on Twitter @nancyfroston

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5733897/2024/09/05/ao-tanaka-leeds-united-bargain-goals-excitement/ 
 ----- 
