Skip to content
Subscribe Now
33°F
Saturday, December 28th 2024

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSSOCCER
Spain beats England 2-1 to win record fourth European Championship title
Spain’s Alvaro Morata holds the trophy as he celebrates with his teammates after winning the final match between Spain and England at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Berlin, Germany, Sunday, July 14, 2024. Spain won 2-1. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: July 14, 2024 at 5:53 PM MST

By STEVE DOUGLAS

BERLIN (AP) — Spain is the king of European soccer for a record fourth time. For England, it’s another agonizing near-miss in the team’s decades-long tale of underachievement.

Completing a tournament the team dominated from start to finish, Spain beat England 2-1 in the European Championship final on Sunday with Mikel Oyarzabal the unlikely match-winner in the 86th minute.

Oyarzabal, a backup striker who came on as a substitute for captain Alvaro Morata, slid in to poke home a left-wing cross by Marc Cucurella, just when the game at Berlin’s Olympiastadion seemed destined for extra time.

England, the birthplace of soccer, is still without a major title in men’s soccer since winning the 1966 World Cup and its players watched on forlornly as Morata raised aloft the silver trophy inside the stadium built for the 1936 Olympics.

Add 2024 to the titles won by Spain in 1964, 2008 and 2012.

“Here we are, champions of Europe,” said Nico Williams, whose opening goal for Spain in the 47th minute was canceled out by England substitute Cole Palmer in the 73rd. “We are thrilled and hope this can keep going and we can go for the (2026) World Cup.”

Lamine Yamal, the prodigy who turned 17 on Saturday and is the youngest player to have appeared at a European Championship, set up Williams’ goal with a pass across the face of the area. The two wingers have become the poster boys of an exciting, multicultural team that reflects Spain’s changing demographics.

Yamal’s mother is from Equatorial Guinea and his father is from Morocco, while the 22-year-old Williams has Ghanaian parents who made the long journey to Europe looking for a better life. To make it to Spain, they had to ride on the back of a crowded truck and walk barefoot through the Sahara desert.

“Euphoria! We are so happy. We deserved this,” said Williams, the player of the match with his darting runs and his second goal of Euro 2024. “This is for our fans and our parents, who have supported us throughout.”

Unlike his brother Inaki, who is a Ghana international, Nico chose to play for Spain and will now be regarded as a national hero there.

Spain is back as a major player in senior soccer after winning both the Women’s World Cup — also against England — and the men’s UEFA Nations League in 2023.

Since 2001, Spanish men’s teams have won 23 consecutive major finals in club and international soccer.

“I said before the tournament, nobody can hang with us,” Williams said. “We are a great team.”

Spain won all seven games at this European Championship — an unprecedented feat — and broke the record for goals scored in a single tournament with 15.

There were joyous scenes after the final whistle, with defender Dani Carvajal piled on by jubilant teammates after slumping to the ground. Spain coach Luis de la Fuente was thrown into the air by his players. Both Cucurella and Yamal led Spain’s players in jumping over the advertising hoardings to reach the red-and-yellow-clad Spanish fans in the stadium’s east end.

“This is the best (birthday) gift I could have asked for,” Yamal said. “It is a dream come true.”

After getting his medal, the teenager turned and shook his fist in celebration, stuck his tongue out and showed off a beaming grin.

Meanwhile, fans who had watched the game on a big screen in Madrid celebrated wildly, chanting “champions, champions” in Spanish.

As for England, the men’s team has now lost back-to-back Euro finals — it was defeated in a penalty shootout by Italy in the final in 2021 — and this was another painful loss for a team that will have gone six decades without a major title by the next World Cup.

England’s women have been more successful, though, winning the European Championship in 2021 and reaching the World Cup final two years later.

“This time it just wasn’t meant to be,” Prince William, who attended the final alongside other dignitaries including Spain’s King Felipe, wrote on social media. “We’re all still so proud of you.”

It was the fourth straight game that the English came from behind since the group stage, but their resilience wasn’t rewarded this time.

A team that has produced big moments when it really mattered at Euro 2024 — including Jude Bellingham’s 95th-minute overhead kick against Slovakia in the round of 16 — couldn’t deliver another one, with Spain midfielder Dani Olmo clearing the ball off the line at a corner in the 89th minute.

“It has been a difficult ride, we have done extremely well to get here, but ultimately we are going to be judged on this game,” England captain Harry Kane said.

“It’s extremely painful,” he added. “It’s going to hurt for a long, long time.”

England coach Gareth Southgate, who has been in charge for eight years and also led the team to the World Cup semifinals in 2018, said it wasn’t the time to make a decision on his future. His contract expires in December.

“Most of this squad are going to be around not just for the World Cup but the next Euros as well,” Southgate said. “There’s a lot to look forward to but at this moment that’s not any consolation.”

___

This story was corrected to say that Spain’s goal was scored in the 86th minute, not the 87th.

___

AP Euro 2024: https://apnews.com/hub/euro-2024

Originally Published: July 14, 2024 at 3:37 AM MST
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Cheapest Way Nevada Homeowners Are Getting New Roofs
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Here's Why Christina Hall Loves This 1-day Bathroom Remodel Service
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Painlessly in Seconds!
Ribili
This Simple After-Dinner Ritual Might Help You Get Rid of Stubborn Body Fat!
The Daily Survivor
Nevada New Windows Available if You Own a Home in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Lawyers Blvd
A Professional Engineer's Nail Clipper - Perfect for Seniors Everywhere
Ribili
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
The Bra Designed by a 60-year-old Grandma is Taking Nevada by Storm
Yifare
Dog Kept on Growling at the Wall Until Dad Notices the Smell and Tears It Down
beachraider
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Always Place a Ziplock Bag on Your Car Mirror When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Forget About Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer, Then This Happens
hightally
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
The One and Only Wd40 Trick Everyone Should Know
habittribe
Discover This Bird Lamp That You Can Easily Carry With You at Night
Ribili
Nighttime Driving Made Easier With Innovative Headlight Glasses
Ribili
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From the Store
learnitwise
Brighten Up Your Nevada Dining Room With a Cordless Table Lamp
Ribili
The First Flag of Bipolar Disorder! You Will Be Shocked (Test Here)
Bipolar Test
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Put a Red Cup Under the Toilet Seat, Here's Why
Sogoodly
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Las Vegas: Stunning 2 Bed Senior Apartments - Look Inside!
Senior Living
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
These Cars Will Last 250,000 Miles - is Yours on This List
beachraider
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
HIV: the Stages of the Disease and the Early Symptoms
TrendingResults
Never Put Mustard in Your Fridge, Here's Why
Life Hacks Garden
Three Banks in Las Vegas May Now Offer 12% Interest on Savings - Take a Peek!
Savings Accounts | Search Ads
Tooth Decay? the Secret Solution Big Pharma Doesn't Want You to Know
WellnessGaze Dental
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
Health News | Vision
This Joint Pain Method Leaves Doctors Speechless - Watch
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Surprise You!
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You!
tardive Dyskinesia
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
How Bad is Your Breakfast? We Ranked 15 Popular Items
HEALTH NATURAL
The 10 Most Harmful Dinner Foods
Health Natural
Signs Your AC Needs Repair – Don’t Ignore These Clues!
Air Conditioners
You Won’t Believe What This New Attic Insulation Can Do – See Now!
Attic Insulation
Unlock These 5 Effective Products to Support Alzheimer's Care – Check Them Out!
Alzheimer's Treatment
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Four suburban Denver breweries that quietly closed in 2024
Denver’s first pet aquamation facility offers a gentler, more eco-friendly way to say goodbye to furry friends
Michael Malone blasts Sacramento Kings for firing Mike Brown via phone call: “No class”
Nuggets give up season-worst 149 points in home loss to Cavaliers
Broncos’ inside-out build has worked so far, but playoff hopes ride on leaning in further: “It always comes down to blocking”
Keeler: CU Buffs QB Shedeur Sanders set new bar in Boulder. Will Julian Lewis rise to meet it?
Three Michelin-recommended restaurants open new locations in Vail, Aspen
1 killed, 4 injured in icy spinout crash on U.S. 40 near Fraser
Denver man on the run wanted for murder in July shooting in Aurora, police say
Renck: Nikola Jokic's frustration becoming impossible to ignore. Are Malone, Booth, Kroenke paying attention?
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Body found in wheel well of plane from Chicago to Maui
How Diddy and Luigi Mangione spent Christmas in Brooklyn jail
Massive invasive python is freed into the Palm Beach County wilderness. Here’s why
‘Baby Driver’ actor Hudson Meek dead at 16
Pregnant woman stabbed multiple times by pizza deliverer disgruntled about tip, sheriff says
MORE IN SOCCER
Grading The Week: Worried about Broncos’ defense? You should be.
Rapids make three trades, select nine players in 2025 SuperDraft
MLS SuperDraft 2025 preview: Three players Rapids could target with one of their seven picks
Talleres triggers buy option for Rapids left back Miguel Navarro
2024
July
14
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2024 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/07/14/spain-beats-england-2-1-to-win-record-fourth-european-championship-title/ 
 ----- 
