  
Cagliari vs. Inter: 1 hr 53 mins
Headlines
Football
Previews
Transfer News
Tables
Stats Centre
F1
Tennis
Cricket
Rugby U
NBA
Betting
More
Preview: Lazio vs. Atalanta BCPreview: Estoril vs. MoreirensePreview: Porto vs. Boavista Preview: Cagliari vs. InterToday's previews
Home > Football > Euro 2024 > England > Features
Euro 2024
HomeNewsGroupsFixturesResultsSquadsQualifyingAll you need to knowSchedule
European Championship | Final
Jul 14, 2024 at 8pm UK
Olympiastadion Berlin
Spain
2 - 1
England
Williams (47'), Oyarzabal (86')
 Olmo (31')
FT
(HT: 0-0)
Palmer (73')
 Kane (25'), Stones (53'), Watkins (90+1')
Build-up
Preview
Data Analysis
Lineups
Predicted XI
H2H
Live Updates
Match Report
Analysis
Reaction
FOOTBALL
Spain vs. England: Euro 2024 final sees legacy, history and immortality on the line
By Barney Corkhill, Editor
Published: July 13 2024 | 11:14
Last updated: July 13 2024 | 14:25
© Reuters

After 30 days, 50 matches and 114 goals, it all comes down to Sunday at the Olympiastadion in Berlin as Spain and England face off in the final of Euro 2024.

It will be the climax of a month of footballing festivities, and the culmination of a competition which has been criticised by many, but also sporadically sprinkled with unforgettable moments that will stand the test of time.

In many ways, Euro 2024 has been a paradox - paralysingly dull at times, paradisiacal at others. And that is just England.

Jude Bellingham's bicycle kick against Slovakia. Bukayo Saka's stunner against Switzerland. Jordan Pickford's penalty heroics and the perfect shootout success which followed. Ollie Watkins's winner against Netherlands.

For many generations of England fans, all of those moments would have catapulted right to the top of their list of highlights while supporting their country, and will last far longer in the collective consciousness than the team's all-round performances in those games.




A memorable Euros for some, difficult to forget for others

© Reuters

Beyond England, Euro 2024 will hold a special place in the hearts of many others too.

Georgia beat Cristiano Ronaldo's Portugal to reach the knockout rounds in their first-ever major tournament. Romania made it through the group stage of an international tournament for the first time since 2000. Sixteen-year-old Lamine Yamal will now be held up as the prime example of a prodigy, much like Pele has been for 66 years since bursting onto the scene at the 1958 World Cup.

On the flip side, many elements of Euro 2024 have failed to live up to their substantial billing.

Ronaldo's last dance ended in a goalless whimper which did more to harm his legacy than enhance it. Belgium's golden generation and Italy's defending champions departed in similar ignominy.

Even those who have got to the latter stages have largely flattered to deceive; semi-finalists France and finalists England provided confoundingly conservative contributions for the most part, and have copped considerable condemnation as a result.




You can't start a fire without a spark

© Reuters

The new favourite chant for England fans at Euro 2024 has been a Phil Foden-inspired adaptation of Bruce Springsteen's classic 'Dancing in the Dark' - "You can't start a fire without a spark".

In reality, it took a few sparks for England's tournament to really get going; after losing to Iceland in the build-up, Bellingham's early goal in the opener against Serbia was a much-needed morale boost which Gareth Southgate's side did not build on.

Similar was true against Denmark, when Harry Kane broke the deadlock in a match of very few other highlights for the Three Lions. There were no sparks of any kind against Slovenia - one of the dullest and most uninspiring England performances in recent memory.

The sparks have regularly been flying in the knockout stages though, with Bellingham, Kane, Saka, Pickford, Ivan Toney, Trent Alexander-Arnold and Watkins among those to have provided the type of moments that can turn a tournament around and kick a team into life.

England were marginally better against Switzerland and were hugely improved in the first half especially against Netherlands, suggesting that they are peaking at the perfect time and that the fire may well be burning in time for Sunday's showdown with Spain.




A changing narrative for Southgate's Jekyll & Hyde side

© Reuters

For the vast majority of this tournament, the narrative surrounding England has been largely negative, with most of it questioning Southgate's ability as manager to get the best out of an incredibly talented group of players.

The attempt to "experiment" with Alexander-Arnold in midfield at a major tournament backfired. The puzzling decision to then switch to Conor Gallagher instead of Kobbie Mainoo or Adam Wharton was criticised. The ill-advised comments claiming that England were struggling without Kalvin Phillips - a player with only five Premier League starts and eight international caps over the past two years - was ridiculed.

Many of those questions and criticisms were valid, and came at a time when England were unequivocally underperforming, but so far the ends have justified the means.

Of course, we have not yet reached the true end in order to judge whether the means were fully justified, and there are plenty of onlookers who would regard anything less than lifting the trophy as the latest failure by Southgate to turn a world-class squad and favourable route in major tournaments into trophies.

However, there is no doubt that England have enjoyed unprecedented levels of success under Southgate, having now reached two finals, a semi-final and a quarter-final during his four tournaments at the helm; prior to that, England's only taste of a final was the 1966 World Cup on home soil.

The Southgate era does not only stand up well against previous iterations of the England team either; the Three Lions boast a more consistent record of reaching the latter stages of major tournaments than any other European nation over the last six years.




Is Gareth Southgate's England legacy on the line on Sunday?

© Reuters

Euro 2024 has seen England reach a final on foreign soil for the first time ever, while Southgate alone has won more knockout games in major tournaments than every other England manager since 1966 combined.

The common counter-argument to that list of achievements is that Southgate should have done even better, and that comparisons to past England runs do not always take into account the quality of the opposition those teams faced.

Other metrics are slightly harder to quantify, such as the cautiousness with which the Three Lions have played at key moments, and a lack proactive substitutions at times, Wednesday's semi-final aside. Some supporters will never truly be won over even with victory on Sunday.

There is certainly merit to some of those arguments, and the stats do back up the claim that England have had easier knockout passages through to the semi-finals and final under Southgate than under previous managers.

However, you can also only beat what is put in front of you and there are plenty of FIFA rankings-based statistics which suggest that England's overall runs have not been particularly more favourable than those in previous years.




Have England really had it easy in major tournaments under Southgate?

© Reuters

The 2018 World Cup saw England face teams with an average ranking of 18th - the same as the 1998 and 2010 World Cups, and harder than tournaments in 1996, 2004, 2006, 2012 and 2016; of those, only in 1996 did England make it as far as in 2018 (semi-finals).

At Euro 2020, England made it to the final for the first time since 1966 despite facing on average tougher opposition than in 2004 (quarter-finals), 2006 (quarter-finals), 2012 (quarter-finals) and 2016 (round of 16).

At the 2022 World Cup - England's worst performance in a major tournament under Southgate - their opponents had an average rank of 17th.

This summer has admittedly seen England face one of their easiest runs yet - only the 2006 World Cup and Euro 2016 have seen a lower average ranking of opponent since 1992 - but the latter of those in particular can serve as a reminder of how facing supposedly lesser opposition at major tournaments is no guarantee of success.




From nightmare to knighthood, from 'How can he stay?' to 'How could he leave?'

© Reuters

England were seconds away from writing a similar chapter to that Iceland debacle in this summer's tournament, with defeat to Slovakia set to go down alongside that match and the 1-0 loss to USA in 1950 as England's worst results at major tournaments, before Bellingham's brilliance saved Southgate.

That close call also highlights the thin line between glory and failure at such tournaments heading into Sunday's match, which could well be a make or break one for Southgate's legacy.

Defeat would leave another huge 'What if?' hanging over his tenure, whereas victory would complete the U-turn in narrative from people asking 'How can he stay?' to instead asking 'How could he leave?'

Having been one kick away from a nightmare tournament, Southgate now finds himself in line for a knighthood - reports have suggested that he will become Sir Gareth regardless of Sunday's result.

Considering he was targeted by angry fans throwing beer cups at him just a couple of weeks ago, that is a remarkable in-tournament turnaround from pariah to national treasure once more, and would be recognition of him having achieved something that no-one else has managed in charge of the England men's team before - reaching two finals.

Southgate is, once again, 'the one'.

If he does leave after the Euros then the true appreciation is likely to come after a step back; he has not necessarily changed the expectation of England going into major tournaments - that has always been there - but he has changed what the supporters regard as success on the biggest stage.




Only Spain separate England from immortality

© Reuters

At the risk of undermining all previously-provided FIFA ranking-based stats, Spain are 'only' placed eighth in the world as things stand - one below England's vanquished semi-final opponents Netherlands and three beneath the Three Lions themselves.

However, there is little doubt that La Roja will be the toughest test yet for Southgate's side; that arguably should be the case in a final, but the reverse is probably not true for Spain.

Luis de la Fuente's side have already seen off three top-10 teams at this summer's tournament - Croatia, defending champions Italy and France - as well as dispatching of hosts Germany, who are rather harshly ranked as only the 16th-best team in the world by FIFA, due largely to their lack of competitive action while everyone else qualified for the Euros.

Of those, only France are ranked above England, but while Spain's overall average ranking of opponent is only one lower than England's over the course of the tournament - 26th to 27th - La Roja's figure is largely skewed by games against 74th-placed Georgia and 66th-placed Albania.

There is no doubt that Spain have faced far more top-level opposition than England, and yet they have still been far more convincing than their opponents on Sunday over the past month.




Why should Spain be regarded as favourites for the Euro 2024 final against England?

© Reuters

The three-time winners are the tournament's top scorers with 13 (to England's seven), and boast a much better xG than anyone else too - 11.1, compared to just 5.6 for England.

In the likes of Rodri, Fabian Ruiz, Dani Olmo and the prodigious Lamine Yamal, Spain have four of the best players of the tournament in their midfield and attack.

Fabian heads into Sunday's final having not yet lost in 28 appearances while wearing the red of Spain, and we know Rodri barely ever ends up on the losing side for club and country.

Thanks largely to that seemingly invincible midfield duo, La Roja also lead the way in high turnovers (66), shot-ending high turnovers (13) and goal-ending high turnovers (2) this summer.

Speaking of invincible, unbelievably you have to go back to 2001 for the last time a non-Spanish men's team beat Spain or a Spanish club in a final at the World Cup, Euros, Champions League or Europa League.

A Spanish team has graced 26 such finals in the last 23 years, and the only instances of a Spanish side losing in those finals came at the hands of another club from the country.




Are England the international Real Madrid?

© Reuters

That Spanish record in finals is truly staggering, and it is the current champions of both Spain and Europe - Real Madrid - who have most notably contributed to it.

However, England's Euro 2024 run has been far more akin to Real Madrid's recent tournament records than Spain's run has this summer.

So often on the brink of elimination, England have so far found a way to squeeze through, even when they might not have deserved it - much like Carlo Ancelotti's side has done during their recent domination of the Champions League.

The late heroics of Bellingham, Saka and Watkins in Germany have parallels with the last-gasp braces from Rodrygo and Joselu during crucial Champions League matches in recent years.

Both boasting Bellingham as one of their stars, there would be a sense of irony if England emulated Spain's biggest club one more time to beat La Roja and be crowned champions of Europe too.

That said, with Joselu's loan stint and Nacho's lengthy career at Los Blancos having now ended, England and Spain have the same number of Real Madrid players in their respective squads heading into this match.




Reasons for England to be confident of beating Spain

© Reuters

Joselu is one of the Spanish forwards that has barely got a look-in beyond a misfiring Alvaro Morata, who has not even had a shot on target for more than four hours, stretching back to the second match of the tournament.

Spain have relied more on their wingers and midfield to weigh in with goals this summer, but in England they are coming up against a defence which has allowed only 0.8 xG per game - the best of any team at the tournament.

Even if La Roja do open the scoring - as every other team has done against England in the knockout stages this summer - then the evidence suggests that Spain take their foot off the pedal, while England have shown the resilience to fight back, becoming the first team in Euros history to reach the final despite falling behind in both the quarters and semis.

Add to that the fact that Spain have been outperformed in terms of xG in half of their matches at Euro 2024 and there are plenty of reasons for England to be optimistic despite the task in front of them.

© Reuters

Kane has not been firing on all cylinders during the tournament, and there have even been calls for him to be left out of the starting lineup on Sunday, but he is as reliable as anyone when it comes to taking any of those chances that might come his way.

Is the script written for the England captain to once again silence his doubters with a winner in a major tournament final?

If so, he could end a supposedly poor tournament by winning the Golden Boot as well as ending his curse by lifting the first major trophy of his otherwise stellar career, joining Bobby Moore as the only England men's captains to hoist silverware aloft.

'The reign of Spain falls mainly because of Kane' - the headlines write themselves.

Southgate's side are on the precipice of greatness; immortality could be imminent, and a place alongside the likes of Bobby Moore, Bobby Charlton and Geoff Hurst in English football folklore is now just 90 minutes away.

Having missed the chance to write their name into history three years ago, England cannot afford to do so again - more than just a trophy relies on it.

Read more on Spain vs England
How many times have England won the Euros?
Seven-goal slaughter, penalty heroics: Classic matches between Spain and England
Win or bust? England must beat Spain for Euro 2024 to be considered a success
Click here to read our full preview for Spain vs England
Morata injury latest, defenders return: Spain predicted lineup against England
Time for Luke Shaw? England predicted lineup for Euro 2024 final
Spain vs. England: Head-to-head record and past meetings
How many times have Spain won the Euros?
Bellingham's beauty, Saka's scorcher: How England reached the Euro 2024 final
Williams vs. Walker and other key battles in the Euro 2024 final
Euro 2024 final: How do the Spain and England squads compare?
Who is better at penalties? Spain and England's record from 12 yards
Will there be a bank holiday if England win the Euros?
Written by
Barney Corkhill
How you voted: Spain vs England
Spain
66.1%
England
33.9%
Share this article now:

     

 Enter your email address to subscribe to Sports Mole's free daily transfer newsletter! Sent twice a day during the transfer window.  
Read more about Jude Bellingham Bukayo Saka Jordan Pickford Ollie Watkins Cristiano Ronaldo Lamine Yamal Pele Gareth Southgate Phil Foden Bruce Springsteen Harry Kane Trent Alexander-Arnold Ivan Toney Conor Gallagher Kobbie Mainoo Adam Wharton Kalvin Phillips Luis de la Fuente Rodri Fabian Ruiz Dani Olmo Carlo Ancelotti Rodrygo Joselu Alvaro Morata Bobby Moore Bobby Charlton Geoff Hurst Football
Follow @SportsMole for the latest breaking news stories, and follow @sm_headlines to get every headline from Sports Mole
Recommended Next on SM
Boring, boring Euro 2024: Has this summer's tournament been the worst ever?
"Primed for a Vardy masterclass" - Why Leicester's talisman could exploit Man City
Ramos in the Premier League? Six defenders Spurs could sign to solve injury crisis
Why Man United are at risk of suffering worst month in 62 years
Williams vs. Walker and other key battles in the Euro 2024 final
Who are England's best penalty takers ahead of Euro 2024 knockouts?
Bellingham's beauty, Saka's scorcher: How England reached the Euro 2024 final
Euro 2024 final: How do the Spain and England squads compare?
Sport News 24/7 
Serie A
HT
	Empoli	0-0	Genoa
LIVE
	Parma	0-0	Monza
5pm
	Cagliari	vs	Inter Milan
7.45pm
	Lazio	vs	Atalanta
Primeira Liga
3.30pm
	AVS	vs	Estrela Amadora
6pm
	Estoril	vs	Moreirense
8.30pm
	Porto	vs	Boavista
Scottish Championship
LIVE
	Ayr	0-0	Morton
LIVE
	Hamilton	0-0	Airdrieonians
LIVE
	Partick	0-0	Queen's Park
LIVE
	Raith Rovers	0-0	Livingston
Scottish League One
LIVE
	Alloa	0-0	Stenhousemuir
LIVE
	Arbroath	0-0	Montrose
LIVE
	Dumbarton	0-0	Kelty Hearts
LIVE
	Inverness	0-0	Cove Rangers
LIVE
	QotS	0-0	Annan
Scottish League Two
LIVE
	Elgin	0-0	Peterhead
LIVE
	Forfar	0-0	Stirling
LIVE
	Spartans	0-0	Edinburgh
LIVE
	Stranraer	0-0	Clyde
Australian A-League
FT
	Central Coast	1-4	Auckland FC
FT
	Sydney FC	3-0	Victory
Gulf Cup of Nations
LIVE
	Bahrain	0-0	Yemen
LIVE
	Iraq	0-0	Saudi Arabia
Gallagher Premiership
12.45pm
	Bath	vs	Saracens
3pm
	Saints	vs	Newcastle
6pm
	Harlequins	vs	Leicester Tigers
NFL
6pm
	Chargers	@	Patriots
9.30pm
	Broncos	@	Bengals
> View full version
> Yesterday's results
Premier League
La Liga
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Primeira Liga
Eredivisie
Turkish Super Lig
Champions League
Europa League
Conference League
Championship
League One
League Two
FA Cup
EFL Cup
EFL Trophy
National League
National League Playoffs
National League North
National League South
Women's FA Cup
Women's Super League
Premier League 2 - Div 1
Premier League 2 - Div 2
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Cup
Scottish League Cup
Scottish Championship
Scottish League One
Scottish League Two
NIFL Premiership
Welsh Premier League
League of Ireland Premier
Copa del Rey
Coppa Italia
DFB-Pokal
KNVB Beker
Taca de Portugal
Turkish Cup
Women's Champions League
Greek Superleague
Belgian Pro League
Swiss Super League
Austrian Bundesliga
Polish Ekstraklasa
Ukrainian Premier League
Russian Premier League
Norwegian Eliteserien
Swedish Allsvenskan
Danish Superliga
Finnish Veikkausliiga
Hungarian NB I
Croatian 1. HNL
Romanian SuperLiga
Czech Liga
Slovenian PrvaLiga
Slovak First Football League
Belarusian Premier League
Champions League Qualifying
Europa League Qualifying
Major League Soccer
Brasileiro
Argentine Primera Division
Liga MX
Uruguayan Primera Division
Israeli Premier League
Saudi Pro League
Qatar Stars League
Australian A-League
Chinese Super League
J1 League
Copa Libertadores
Copa Sudamericana
AFC Champions League
CONCACAF Champions League
Club World Cup
Segunda Division
Serie B
2.Bundesliga
Ligue 2
Eerste Divisie
Euro Champ Qualifying
Women's World Cup
Nations League
World Cup
European Championship
Copa America
Africa Cup of Nations
CONCACAF Gold Cup
Confederations Cup
CONCACAF Nations League
World Cup Qualifying - Europe
World Cup Qualifying - South America
World Cup Qualifying - Africa
World Cup Qualifying - Asia
World Cup Qualifying - North Central America
World Cup Qualifying - Oceania
African Nations Championship
Olympic Games Men's Football
Olympic Games Women's Football
Women's European Championship
SheBelieves Cup
Arnold Clark Cup
Under-20s World Cup
European Under-21s Championship
European Under-19s Championship
European Under-17s Championship
Group A
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Germany	3	2	1	0	7
Q	 Switzerland	3	1	2	0	5
3	 Hungary	3	1	0	2	3
4	 Scotland	3	0	1	2	1
Group B
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Spain	3	3	0	0	9
Q	 Italy	3	1	1	1	4
3	 Croatia	3	0	2	1	2
4	 Albania	3	0	1	2	1
Group C
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 England	3	1	2	0	5
Q	 Denmark	3	0	3	0	3
Q	 Slovenia	3	0	3	0	3
4	 Serbia	3	0	2	1	2
Group D
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Austria	3	2	0	1	6
Q	 France	3	1	2	0	5
Q	 Netherlands	3	1	1	1	4
4	 Poland	3	0	1	2	1
Group E
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Romania	3	1	1	1	4
Q	 Belgium	3	1	1	1	4
Q	 Slovakia	3	1	1	1	4
4	 Ukraine	3	1	1	1	4
Group F
	Team	P	W	D	L	PTS
Q	 Portugal	3	2	0	1	6
Q	 Turkey	3	2	0	1	6
Q	 Georgia	3	1	1	1	4
4	 Czech Republic	3	0	1	2	1
> European Championship 2024 overview
1
Man Utd vs. Newcastle - prediction, team news, lineups
2
Defences on top: Who makes Sports Mole's Premier League Team of the Week?
3
Leicester vs. Man City injury, suspension list, predicted XIs
4
Why Man United are at risk of suffering worst month in 62 years
5
Man United to sign Onana alternative in January?
6
Saturday's Primeira Liga predictions including Porto vs. Boavista
7
Reading vs. Mansfield - prediction, team news, lineups
8
Sheff Utd vs. West Brom - prediction, team news, lineups
9
Norwich vs. QPR - prediction, team news, lineups
10
Dundee Utd vs. Aberdeen - prediction, team news, lineups
> View all headlines


Sport News 24/7 

Subscribe to our newsletter



Sports Mole provides in-depth previews and predictions for every match from the biggest leagues and competitions in world football.
Sign up for our FREE daily preview newsletter direct to your inbox!
FOOTBALL
Football News
Fixtures & Results
Previews
Transfer Talk
Stat Centre
LEAGUES
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
Tennis News
Results
RUGBY UNION
Rugby Union News
Six Nations
Gallagher Premiership Table
RUGBY LEAGUE
Rugby League News
Super League Table
BETTING
Bet365 Promo Code
Betano Promo Code
MrQ Promo Code
CRICKET
Cricket News
FORMULA 1
F1 News
GOLF
NBA
CYCLING
ATHLETICS
NFL
MORE SPORTS
OFF THE PITCH
SPORTS MOLE
About Sports Mole
Advertising
Sports Mole FAQs
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Newsletter
Jobs with SM
SM on Facebook
SM on Twitter
SM on Instagram
SM on LinkedIn
SM on YouTube
18+ Please Gamble Responsibly  
© 2011-2024 Sports Mole Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/football/england/euro-2024/feature/legacy-history-and-immortality-at-stake-for-england-in-euro-2024-final-vs-spain_548053.html 
 ----- 
