Sports Betting

Odds
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
SALE ENDS TOMORROW
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.25/week for your first year.
Subscribe now
Billed as $1 every four weeks for your first year,
then $8 every four weeks thereafter. Cancel anytime.
Already a subscriber? Log in
Offer for The Athletic subscription; current subscribers not eligible. Subscription excludes print edition. Subscription also excludes digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking or Wirecutter. Your payment method will automatically be charged in advance the introductory rate of $1.00 every 4 weeks for 1 year, and after 1 year the standard rate of $8.00 every 4 weeks. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. For subscribers in the U.S., cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. For international subscribers, see our Terms of Service for further information. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change.
Spain vs. England Euro 2024 final odds: Spain favored to win for the fourth time
By Dan Santaromita
Jul 10, 2024

21

The Euro 2024 final is set and Spain is the favorite heading into Sunday’s meeting with England. The Spaniards emerged as the tournament favorite after beating Germany in a quarterfinal and remain the favorite after getting by France in a semifinal.

England was the favorite once the knockout stage started. The Three Lions had a less difficult path to the final, but did come from behind to beat the Netherlands in Wednesday’s semifinal.

With a win, Spain would become the nation with the most European championships. Spain and Germany both have won the title three times. Spain’s previous wins came in 1964 (at home), 2008 and 2012.

England has never won at the Euros, but is making a second straight appearance in the final. England lost in penalties to Italy at Wembley Stadium in London three years ago.

All odds from BetMGM. Odds to win or draw are over 90 minutes.

The Pulse Newsletter

Free, daily sports updates direct to your inbox. Sign up

Spain vs. England

Regular time odds:

This match is a meeting of two teams that got to the final in opposite ways.

Spain cruised through the group stage with three wins, the only team in the tournament to do so. The quarterfinal win against Germany required extra time, but wins against Georgia and France were more convincing. On pure aesthetics, Spain has been one of the most entertaining teams to watch and it’s easy to argue Spain has looked like the best team throughout.

Meanwhile, England labored throughout the tournament to get here. The Three Lions beat Serbia 1-0 in their opener, but were unimpressive in draws against Slovenia and Denmark to close out group play. Then, England trailed for over an hour against Slovakia and needed a 95th minute goal from Jude Bellingham to force extra time in that match. In the quarterfinals, Switzerland took the lead in the 75th minute, but England answered again and eventually won in penalties. The Netherlands scored first in the semifinal, but Ollie Watkins produced a 90th-minute winner.

England trailed in all three knockout games and won only two of its six matches inside 90 minutes. Manager Gareth Southgate has been under pressure for the English being defensive and mostly uninteresting to watch, but the results have been good enough.

In some ways, England is similar to Spain’s semifinal opponent, France. France is an incredibly talented side that has had fantastic results in recent years, but struggled to score and was, to put it bluntly, not interesting to watch considering the ability on the squad. England has made semifinals at three of the past four major tournaments and has a talented squad on paper, but has also been downright dull to watch for much of this tournament. England probably played its best game of the tournament against the Dutch, but Spain is a step up in level of competition.

It’s a one-match final between two of the powers in the sport so Spain isn’t a massive favorite, but the odds clearly favor Spain. This is not viewed as a toss-up. Spain is a bigger favorite against England than it was against France (and a bigger favorite than England was against the Netherlands). This is the first time this tournament that England has not been favored.

More Euro 2024 coverage

Spain take risks and reap the rewards – it’s what makes them so different at Euro 2024

Ollie Watkins ‘lost for words’ after sending England to Euro 2024 final: ‘It’s the best feeling ever’

Dani Olmo, Spain’s shy Euro 2024 Golden Boot leader and €60m summer transfer target

Late substitute Watkins hits winner to set up Euro 2024 final with Spain

(Photo of Nico Williams: Justin Setterfield / Getty Images)

Dan Santaromita is a senior editor for sports betting at The Athletic. Dan previously wrote for NBC Sports Chicago and ProSoccerUSA. He is a University of Missouri graduate who resides in Chicago. Follow Dan on Twitter @TheDanSanto

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5629805/2024/07/10/spain-england-euro-2024-final-odds/ 
 ----- 
