Headlines
 
Business & Economy
 
Politics & Society
 
International
AFCON: Cape Verde beat Mozambique to qualify for Africa Cup of Nations knockout stages
8:24 CAT | 19 Jan 2024
0 Comments Print Share

Cape Verde s forward #21 Bebe fights for the ball with Mozambique s defender #8 Edmilson Dove during the Africa Cup of Nations (CAN) 2024 group B football match between Cape Verde and Mozambique at the Felix Houphouet-Boigny Stadium in Abidjan on January 19, 2024. [Photo: AFP]

Cape Verde became the first team to qualify for the knockout stages of the Africa Cup of Nations with a 3-0 victory over Mozambique.

Bebe’s extraordinary free-kick and a brace from Ryan Mendes in Abidjan guaranteed that the Blue Sharks will top Group B.

Mozambique now lie bottom of the section with one point ahead of their final group game against Ghana, while Cape Verde meet Egypt on Monday.

Cape Verde, fresh from their shock opening victory over Ghana, impressed from the early exchanges.

Deroy Duarte forced an athletic save from Mozambique goalkeeper Ernan Siluane and the Fortuna Sittard midfielder also sent a diving header just wide of a post.

Bebe crashed a dipping 30-yard free-kick against the crossbar, but the former Manchester United striker was not to be denied from an even greater distance.

There appeared little danger as Bebe stood over a free-kick fully 40 yards out, but his swerving shot bamboozled Siluane who could only palm the ball into the net.

Mozambique caused few alarms until Witi’s tame effort straight at Vozinha, but the Mambas appeared to be handed a route back into the contest five minutes before the break.

Geny Catamo went down under a challenge from two defenders and a penalty was awarded before referee Samir Guezzaz was summoned to the VAR monitor and reversed his decision.

Mendes doubled the Blue Sharks’ advantage after 51 minutes by dispossessing the dawdling Edmilson Dove and firing home from the edge of the box.

Catamo clipped the crossbar with a curling free-kick with Mozambique’s best effort but their hopes were ended in spectacular style.

Mendes was given time and space to tee off from 25 yards, and his thumping drive whistled past Siluane for his 17th international goal and put the seal on a commanding performance.


Match facts: Cape Verde v Mozambique (AFCON 2023)

Full time: Cape Verde 3-0 Mozambique

Scorers: Bebe 32, Ryan Mendes 52, Kevin Pina 69

Yellow cards:Cabral (Cape Verde)

Lineups:

Cape Verde: Vozinha; Pico, Steven Moreira (Garry Rodrigues 75), Logan Costa, Jamiro Monteiro (Cuca Fernandes 80), Deroy Duarte (Kenny Rocha 80), Kevin Pina, Joao Paulo, Ryan Mendes, Bebe (Willy Semedo 58), Jovane Cabral (Dylan Tavares 75)

Mozambique: Ernan; Mexer, Reinildo, Edmilson Dove, Bruno Langa (Gildo Vilanculos 78), Domingos Macandza (Infren Nanani 78), Guima, Alfons Amade (Shaquille Nangy 67), Stanley Ratifo (Lau King 46), Witiness Quembo (Domingues Pelembe 46), Geny Catamo



Source: Sports Max
Share
Tweet
Linkedin
Pin
Instagram
Email
Show comments
Leave a Reply

Be the First to Comment!

You must be logged in to post a comment.

Also read

Mozambique sprinter, 18, left in tears after spoiling Olympic debut with false start in lone event

03 AUG 2024

Mozambique: TotalEnergies denies having allocated funds for basketball team's trip to Mexico

28 AUG 2024

Geny Catamo makes history as first Mozambican to score in the Champions League - Africa Top Sports

12 DEC 2024

FIBA Women's Basketball World Cup: FMB says it needs US$200,000 to take Mozambique's team to ...

14 AUG 2024

Mozambique: Chiquinho Conde signs 19-month contract with Football Federation

29 AUG 2024

Mozambique: Chiquinho Conde is now in Maputo for talks with Football Federation

08 AUG 2024
Quick links
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clubofmozambique.com/news/afcon-cape-verde-beat-mozambique-to-qualify-for-africa-cup-of-nations-knockout-stages-252566/ 
 ----- 
