Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'Looking at 60-60'? Ohtani bests Rickey with 14th HR/SB game
Share
'Looking at 60-60'? Ohtani bests Rickey with 14th HR/SB game
September 21st, 2024

Sarah Wexler

@SarahWexler32
Share
;

11 SECONDS REMAINING

LOS ANGELES -- Shohei Ohtani got plenty of appreciation from the fans in Miami for his unfathomable 6-for-6, three-homer, 10-RBI, two-steal, 17-base performance to establish MLB’s 50-50 club on Thursday at loanDepot park, even taking a rare road curtain call. But it wasn’t the same as hearing it from the home crowd.

Ohtani gave the Dodger Stadium faithful plenty to cheer about on Friday night, knocking homer No. 52 in the series opener against the Rockies, a 6-4 Dodgers win.

Stepping to the plate to lead off the bottom of the first, Ohtani received an extended ovation, with his teammates lining up in front of the dugout to join in. There was even some clapping from the opposing bench as the superstar tipped his helmet before stepping into the box.

Complete coverage: Dodgers' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

“It was amazing,” Ohtani told SportsNet LA, through interpreter Will Ireton, about the warm reception. “And I’m just very grateful and thankful that, this being my first season with the Dodgers, I was able to experience this.”

Manager Dave Roberts described his team’s part in the moment as “impromptu,” crediting his longest-tenured player for the idea.

“Clayton [Kershaw] brought it up to me and wanted to do something, so we made sure that we acknowledged him,” said Roberts.

Related
Dodgers avoid arb with all but one, exchange figures with Vesia

4:33 AM UTC

Dodgers trade Cartaya to Twins for RHP Jose Vasquez

January 9th, 2025

Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

Ohtani's epic 50-50 game leads list of Capital One Plays of the Year

December 31st, 2024

The 10 rarest, wildest box score lines of 2024

December 30th, 2024

Baby Ohtani! Shohei, wife Mamiko expecting first child

December 28th, 2024

Ohtani struck out in that first at-bat, but he singled off Rockies starter Kyle Freeland his second time up. And in the fifth inning, Ohtani turned on a high four-seamer, launching it a Statcast-projected 423-foot two-run homer to center field, prompting a raucous response from the stands as he rounded the bases. That put him one shy of the Yankees’ Aaron Judge for the MLB lead.

“These last couple games, he's locked in,” said Roberts. “To be able to cover that ball at the top of the zone, above the zone, go to the big part of the field like we’ve talked about, it’s pretty spectacular. If you look at the last week of homers, they've been balls down. And so to be able to cover that, it's just pretty remarkable.”

Ohtani showed off his speed in the seventh inning, beating first baseman Michael Toglia to the bag for an infield single before swiping second to bring himself even again at 52/52. That gave him 14 games this season with both a homer and a stolen base, breaking a tie with Rickey Henderson, who had 13 in 1986.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“A lot of attention goes to the home runs and long ball, but we’ve been really stringing up a lot of quality at-bats, doing the small ball, doing the small things right,” said Ohtani. “So that’s the part that I’m impressed about.”

With his 27th homer at Dodger Stadium this year, Ohtani tied another franchise mark, matching Cody Bellinger’s home total from his 2019 National League MVP campaign. The Dodgers have five regular-season home games for him to try to break it. He’s also the first player with at least nine hits and 12 RBIs in a two-game span since RBI became an official stat in 1920.

“Just an incredible, special talent,” Rockies manager Bud Black said. “And we're all fortunate to be able to witness it. … He's fun to watch. I don't like it when we're playing against him, but he's sort of fun to watch, because he’s that good of a player.”

It might not have been another game for the ages, but it still perfectly showcased the special skill-set that’s made this such a unique season for Ohtani. The Dodgers, who clinched a playoff berth on Thursday, would love to see plenty more like it over the next several weeks.

After Friday, the Dodgers have eight regular-season games remaining. With an NL West race that’s still very much yet to be decided -- and the Padres beating the White Sox on Friday night to remain four games back -- the team’s focus is squarely on winning as much as possible to ensure an 11th division title in the past 12 seasons.

Seeing just how much more Ohtani can make his exclusive club difficult for future players to join will simply be a bonus.

“Knowing him … he's probably looking at 60-60,” said Roberts. “You never know with him.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Los Angeles Dodgers
Shohei Ohtani

Sarah Wexler is a reporter/editor for MLB.com based in Los Angeles.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

39 minutes ago

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/shohei-ohtani-hits-homer-no-52-steals-52nd-base 
 ----- 
