CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 01:37, September 20, 2024 | Updated: 06:32, September 20, 2024
Japan cheers as national hero Ohtani becomes MLB's first 50-50 man
By Reuters
Share
Shohei Ohtani #17 of the Los Angeles Dodgers gets ready to bat in the seventh innings during the game against Miami Marlins at loanDepot park on Sept 19, 2024 in Miami, Florida. (PHOTO / AFP)

TOKYO - Japan erupted in cheers on Friday morning after national hero Shohei Ohtani blasted his way into Major League Baseball history as the first player to hit 50 home runs and steal 50 bases in a season.

"Ohtani-san" was the top trending topic on X in Japan, and chief government spokesman Yoshimasa Hayashi lauded the Los Angeles Dodgers star's "amazing achievement" in inaugurating baseball's 50-50 club with a six-hit, three-homer game.

"We would like to express heartfelt congratulations on achievement of this major record," Hayashi told reporters at a regular press conference. "We look forward to seeing more great things from Ohtani, who has already achieved so much and broken new ground."

Ohtani, 30, came into the game on Thursday evening needing one stolen base and two home runs to achieve the feat, a first in the 148-year history of the majors. He ended with 51 each in the 20-4 rout of the Miami Marlins.

The first batting and pitching dual threat in the majors since Babe Ruth, Ohtani has a been a focal point for Japanese national pride since his 2018 debut in the American League with the Los Angeles Angels, where he won two Most Valuable Player awards.

Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani (17) celebrates his 51 home run of the season during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Sept 19, 2024, in Miami. (PHOTO / AP)

Every aspect of Ohtani's life has been a target for media attention, from his sudden marriage announcement this year and a gambling scandal with his ex-translator, to the name of his dog.

Ohtani-mania in Japan went into overdrive when he signed a record $700 million contract with the Dodgers at the end of last season and focused on batting following surgery on his pitching arm. Dodger blue replaced the Angels' red among best-selling jerseys in Tokyo, and every homer on the way to 50 was replayed on national news programs each night.

Congratulations for Ohtani poured in across social media.

"Japan's record-making machine has done it again!" US Ambassador to Japan Rahm Emanuel posted on X. "A true global ambassador of the game".

Takuya Tasso, governor of Ohtani's home prefecture of Iwate, likened, opens new tab the slugger's historic night to the "Big Bang".

"It's as if a singularity has opened, and a new universe is being created with his incredible performance," Tasso wrote.

A pedestrian reads an extra edition of the Sports Hochi newspaper reporting on the Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani becoming the first player in major league history with 50 home runs and 50 stolen bases in a season, on Sept 20, 2024, in Tokyo.  (PHOTO / AP)

"I'm proud to be Japanese," wrote Deburi0122. "Amazing ... I'm so happy."

With an imposing 193 cm frame and ability to crush 152.4-meter homers and throw 100 mph fastballs, Ohtani shattered expectations for ball players from Japan, said Robert Whiting, who has written about Japanese baseball for decades.

READ MORE: Baseball star Ohtani's ex-interpreter agrees to plead guilty to bank fraud

"Ohtani beats the Americans on their own terms," said Whiting, "He may arguably be the best ever, in MLB history, when you consider that he both hits and pitches at a star level."

"There are a lot of young Japanese, including Itsuki Takemoto of Wakayama now at University of Hawaii, who would like to follow in his footsteps, and may well do."

 

Share
ALSO READ
MORE
Sinner favorite at Australian Open as Djokovic eyes elusive record
Queen Wen leads the charge Down Under
Chinese shuttlers keep up momentum on Malaysia Open day 3
CBA: Zhejiang, Shanxi secure hard-fought wins
China's Zheng teams up with Djokovic for charity exhibition match
China to establish professional football league union, says CFA chief
Everton see off Peterborough in FA Cup after Dyche sacking
Man City verdict: What's at stake for the Premier League champions?
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columnists
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2025. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/593378 
 ----- 
