Copa America

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
USMNT 2-0 Bolivia takeaways: Christian Pulisic sets the tone with set piece precision
By Paul Tenorio, Greg O'Keeffe, Jeff Rueter
Jun 23, 2024

97

Click here to follow the Copa America on The Athletic and get relevant stories in your personalized feed. 

It had to be Christian Pulisic. The winger was named captain for the U.S. men’s national team’s opening game against Bolivia at the 2024 Copa America.

Three minutes into the match on Sunday, Pulisic and Tim Weah huddled by the corner flag as the U.S. set up for its first corner kick of the night. It was a short play between the two attacking players, quietly shuffling their way back into play — then a separation. Weah went down the line while Pulisic headed to the top of the 18-yard box where he received the ball from his teammate, took a few touches and buried his shot in the top right corner of the goal. Pulisic sprinted to the sideline looking for someone in the crowd until he finally found USMNT set piece coach Gianni Vio. The artist and his art.

After scoring the opener Pulisic was searching the stands for Gianni Vio, the set piece coach for the @USMNT ❤️🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/vZ8oQjiVkl

— FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) June 23, 2024

Pulisic later provided the assist on Folarin Balogun’s goal to double the score before halftime. The U.S. remained on the front foot for the second half with 20 shots (eight on target). Instead of a lopsided finish, though, the U.S. settles for a two-goal win to start Group C play.

Paul Tenorio, Jeff Rueter and Greg O’Keeffe break down the key talking points…

What was Pulisic’s impact as captain?

This U.S. team needs Pulisic to be a game-changer if they are going to make a run in the tournament. Against teams like Bolivia, the hope is that you get some confidence-building moments and create the chemistry that carries you through in tougher games.

Pulisic, coming off of his best season in Europe, carried over a bit of momentum with a free kick goal against Brazil in a friendly in the lead up to Copa America. That rolled right into the opener Sunday night. Pulisic opened the scoring in the third minute off a short corner routine with Weah. Pulisic played it to Weah, got the ball back and carried it toward the top of the box, then whipped a curling shot to the far post that kissed the underside of the crossbar.

PULISIC WHAT A GOAL 😱🔥

WHAT A START FOR THE @USMNT 🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/PaXw3NleF3

— FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) June 23, 2024

Pulisic also set up the second goal. He got the ball in space, turned and drove at the Bolivia back line and then fed Balogun on his left. The goal for Balogun, as detailed above, was an important one for building his confidence, something Pulisic might have understood when he fed him on the counter.

On the night, Pulisic played confidently and effectively. It was exactly what the U.S. needed.

GO DEEPER

The 2024 Christian Pulisic: Leader, superstar... change maker?

Was Balogun the right choice to start?

After six USMNT games without a goal, and a difficult first season at Monaco, there were signs in the first half that Balogun’s confidence was shaky at best. At times he appeared disconnected from the USMNT’s otherwise vibrant attacking, unsure where best to take up space and not always able to hold the ball up as well as his undoubted talent has previously suggested.

At one stage he couldn’t control a ball pinged into him near the six-yard box and an attack subsequently fizzled out.

Like at his Ligue 1 club, the 22-year-old still seems to be adjusting his skill set to a side that dominates the ball (the USMNT may not always do that, but they had most of the possession in this contest).

Yet when Pulisic slipped a pass to him just before halftime any signs of uncertainty faded as quickly as he realized that nobody in a red shirt was going to attempt to close him down. Balogun set himself and arrowed a precise left-footed strike beyond Guillermo Viscarra and into the corner of the net.

BALLLLLOGUN!!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸

The @USMNT striker places it perfectly 👏✨ pic.twitter.com/W2uYYEjFkJ

— FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) June 23, 2024

Suddenly he was revitalized. Balogun thought he had scored again just after the restart only for it to be ruled offside.

Balogun’s overall display may not definitively close the debate on whether he should be a consistent first-choice starter, with the in-form Josh Sargent still staking a valid claim, but it showed why U.S. head coach Gregg Berhalter continues to believe in him.

How did Tyler Adams look in his first start since March 30?

For far too long, Tyler Adams has existed more as a concept than an active soccer player. Since March 2023, the 25-year-old has spent the majority of his playing time recovering from injuries, mostly to his hamstrings. He was limited to 121 Premier League minutes in his first season with AFC Bournemouth and has been sparsely involved with his national team since serving as captain at the 2022 World Cup.

His shift was always bound to be short given that track record, but the fact he was able to start and play 45 competitive minutes without any visible impediment is a massive boost for the United States at this tournament. Adams was at the base of midfield and proactive when engaging with dribbling Bolivian opponents, often pushing further up the pitch than Reyna when the USMNT was out of possession. He was also the first to defend Reyna’s honor after he received a hard foul on the game’s first yellow card, jawing at the aggressor — a hallmark of his approach to leadership.

Granted, Bolivia doesn’t represent the staunchest opponent this USMNT will face in the Copa América. But Berhalter will take great comfort from Adams’ ability to look like his usual self — tidy in possession (completing 32 of his 37 pass attempts) and proactively aggressive out of it. For the U.S. to make a deep run in this tournament, they’ll almost certainly need Adams to anchor the midfield at its business end.

Was 2-0 enough?

When Ricardo Pepi ran onto a cross in the 90th minute inside the six-yard box — it surely should have been a goal. Instead, Viscarra made a save on Pepi’s shot, then again saved the rebound that caromed off of Pepi.

The moment was the story of the second half for the U.S., and could become the story of the group standings. The U.S. will be pleased with the overall result, a win is a win after all. But in tournament play score lines matter, too.

The U.S. will close out group play against Uruguay. If they pick up a win against Panama in the next game and go into that final group game with the chance to win the group on the line, the goal differential tiebreaker could factor in.

The U.S. had multiple big chances in the second half to add on to the score. Pulisic had two great individual runs, one that ended in a blocked shot and the other with a nice save. Pepi had four very good looks at goal he couldn’t convert, the first in the 67th minute right after coming on and then again in the 79th minute when his clear shot from the top of the box was saved. Another Pepi shot forced a big save in the 81st minute, then the 90th minute double save on his looks inside the box. Balogun also had a goal called back for offside on Weah, who delivered the cross.

The moments were there for the U.S. to get a third, and even a fourth or fifth, but they settled for the 2-0 result and now must hope it doesn’t come back to bite them.

What did Berhalter say?

The U.S. coach spoke about his captain, Pulisic: “He goes out and and just competes and works really hard and that helps the team and then you add to the fact that he’s highly skilled and can make plays on the offensive end and create chances. It’s a great combination. What you see is him supporting his teammates, him backing guys, him pushing guys. To me it was an outstanding performance that he got coaches’ man of the match and it was much deserved.”

Berhalter also spoke about Pepi’s performance: “In that short period of time, to have that many goalscoring opportunities, to be that relentless with his running, with his pressing, with his hold up play, to me, he had an excellent game. Certainly for him something to build on. I know he was a little bit disappointed after the game but when you get that many chances in that short period of time against an aggressive team, you’re doing something right and we’re confident that the finishing will will come.”

What’s next for each team?

Group C resumes on Thursday, June 27.

Panama vs. USMNT at 6:00 p.m. ET/11:00 p.m. UK (Mercedes-Benz Stadium, Atlanta, Georgia)
Uruguay vs. Bolivia at 9:00 p.m. ET/02:00 on Thursday, June 27 UK (MetLife Stadium, East Rutherford, New Jersey)
Recommended reading
The USMNT’s Christian Pulisic in 2024: Leader, superstar… change maker?
‘Where on earth are we?’: The story of the USMNT at Copa America ’95
Johnny Cardoso, USMNT’s very own Brazilian: ‘I’m representing a country my parents love’
Chris Richards exclusive: USMNT defender’s Copa homecoming after ‘heartbreak’ of missing Qatar
Why field conditions at Copa America are causing concern: ‘It’s not normal grass’
A beginner’s guide to Copa America 2024: Groups, format, location and dates
Copa America 2024 predictions: Who will win it all? How far with the U.S. go? Our writers’ picks

(Top photo: John Todd/Getty Images)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5585387/2024/06/23/usmnt-bolivia-takeaways-christian-pulisic/ 
 ----- 
