Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
ARGOS
Cameron Dukes throws three TDs, rushes for another in leading Argos past Lions

TORONTO - Cameron Dukes used his right arm and legs to make his first CFL home start a victorious one.

Updated June 10, 2024 at 5:35 a.m.
June 9, 2024
3 min read
Save

Toronto Argonauts defensive lineman Benoit Marion (93) and linebacker Brian Harelimana (26) celebrate after Marion scored a touchdown during first half CFL action against the B.C. Lions, in Toronto, on Sunday, June 9, 2024. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Christopher Katsarov

CKL
By Dan Ralph The Canadian Press

TORONTO - Cameron Dukes used his right arm and legs to make his first CFL home start a victorious one.

Dukes threw three touchdown passes and ran for another to lead the Toronto Argonauts past the B.C. Lions 35-27 on Sunday night in the season opener for both teams. Dukes made his third career start but first at BMO Field and the second-year pro said nerves weren’t an issue.

“I feel like the only time I’m not nervous in my life is when I’m playing football,” he said. “I get away from everything mentally and I just get out here and play the game I love.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

“You’ve got guys around you who trust you and you have a coaching staff that trusts you. That takes the nerves away from it.”

The Argos are Dukes’ team at least through the first half of the season. Incumbent Chad Kelly, the CFL’s outstanding player last season, was suspended for both of Toronto’s pre-season contests and at least its first nine regular-season games for violating the league’s gender-based violence policy.

The six-foot-one, 205-pound Dukes finished 21-of-27 passing for 254 yards in leading Toronto (1-0) to a fourth straight home victory over B.C. (0-1). But he also lost a fumble that defensive lineman Tibo Debaillie returned 20 yards for the TD that put the Lions ahead 20-6 at 6:56 of the second quarter.

“I tried to do too much on that play and I hurt our team,” Dukes said. “Luckily we were able to pull it out at the end but that’s something I’ve got to get fixed.”

John Haggerty’s stellar 60-yard punt put B.C. at its 10-yard line with 2:04 remaining. The Lions turned the ball over on downs at their one-yard line with 1:25 to play, delighting the BMO Field gathering of 12,767.

Dukes’ one-yard TD run at 13:38 put Toronto ahead 35-27. B.C. turned the ball over — their fifth in the game — a final time on downs with 48 seconds remaining.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

“We’re going to make mistakes, all of us,” Toronto head coach Ryan Dinwiddie said. “I thought (Dukes) bounced back (after his fumble) and made the plays we needed to make to win the game.

“We put ourself in a bad spot there in the second quarter but you sure saw the character of that locker room … we found a way to win this game.”

Vernon Adams Jr. drove B.C. to the Toronto 31-yard line with under four minutes remaining. But the veteran quarterback fumbled after being hit hard by Argos defensive lineman Jake Ceresna. Tackle Jordan Williams recovered.

Sean Whyte’s 51-yard field goal at 4:00 earned B.C. a 27-26 advantage. But Lirim Hajrullahu converted from 38 yards out at 7:46 to put Toronto ahead 29-27.

Adams finished 25-of-33 passing for 363 yards with two touchdowns. But he also had an interception, fumbled twice and was sacked six times as Toronto outscored B.C. 19-7 in the second half.

“It’s the first game of the season but it was something with us last year where we need to come out a little faster in the second half, in the third quarter,” Adams said. “Ultimately, at the end of the day as a quarterback I’ve got to take care of the ball.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

“I had too many fumbles and an interception so if I take care of the ball I think we’re in a better spot at winning the game. It’s the first one of the season and all we can do is get better.”

Added Dinwiddie: “Our difference-maker was our front seven. I thought they did a great job, got after the quarterback. That was a very impressive defensive performance in the second half.”

Ka’Deem Carey, Rasheed Bailey and Dejon Brissett had Toronto’s touchdowns. Hajrullahu added two converts and three field goals.

Justin McInnis and Travis Fulgham scored B.C.‘s other touchdowns. Whyte finished with two converts and two field goals while Stefan Flintoft had a single.

Brissett’s 26-yard TD grab put Toronto ahead 23-20 at 3:15 of the third. Whyte’s 36-yard boot at 6:35 tied the score before Hajrullahu made it 26-23 with a 34-yard field goal at 11:10. Flintoft’s 42-yard single at 14:38 cut the Argos’ lead to 26-24.

Adams was 11-of-12 passing for 171 yards and two TDs in the first half, his lone incompletion was an interception. He also ran for a team-high 25 yards on eight carries.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Dukes completed 11-of-14 attempts for 183 yards and two touchdowns in the opening half.

Adams anchored B.C.‘s 20-point second quarter with his two scoring strikes. He put the Lions ahead 13-6, hitting a wide-open Fulgham on a 50-yard toss at 6:04.

It came after Adams found McInnis on a 29-yard TD pass at 2:56 to make it 6-6. The snap on the convert attempt was fumbled.

Dukes’ eight-yard TD strike to Carey at 13:57 of the first opened the scoring. It capped a smart 10-play, 84-yard march but the convert was unsuccessful.

 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
REAL ESTATE
After 8 months on market and $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
23 hrs ago
STAR EXCLUSIVE
A boy created AI-generated porn with the faces of girls he knew. Why Toronto police said he didn’t break the law
8 hrs ago
CANADA
Canada vows to crack down on international student program abuse amid India’s allegations of human smuggling
7 hrs ago
STAR COLUMNISTS
OPINION
Althia Raj: The Liberals’ focus is no longer on whether Justin Trudeau should resign. The debate is now about how to replace him
19 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Shannon Gormley: Canada’s fake feminist prime minister is running out of women to use as props
4 hrs ago
REAL ESTATE
‘Modern masterpiece’: This $16.5-million Bridle Path home has a theatre, elevator — and 10 parking spots
7 hrs ago
AUTOS
The best compact car just got better. And it’s now available as a hybrid
11 hrs ago
OPINION
Jordan Himelfarb: My dad used to run Canada’s public service. As the Star’s opinion editor, I asked him what he got wrong, how he turned left — and why he keeps needling me about my work
4 hrs ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Sports
HOCKEY
‘Let’s not panic’: Canada picks up the pieces after ugly Latvia loss at world juniors
13 mins ago
Comments
BASKETBALL
Dallas’ Naji Marshall gets 4-game suspension, Phoenix’s Jusuf Nurkic is banned 3 games for fight
59 mins ago
Comments
FOOTBALL
Justin Herbert tosses 3 TDs, Chargers clinch a playoff spot with a 40-7 rout of Patriots
1 hr ago
Comments
FOOTBALL
Dolphins downgrade QB Tua Tagovailoa to doubtful with hip injury ahead of Sunday’s game vs Browns
1 hr ago
Comments
BASKETBALL
Mavs star Luka Doncic is latest pro athlete whose home was burglarized, business manager says
Article was updated 1 hr ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
CANADA
Canada is cracking down on ‘flagpoling’ at the border. What is it?
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/sports/argos/cameron-dukes-throws-three-tds-rushes-for-another-in-leading-argos-past-lions/article_e18c8e39-3904-5b5d-bbad-ca7716a8e696.html 
 ----- 
