Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NHL
NCAAM
NCAAW
UFC
Men's NCAA soccer
Women's NCAA soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
F1
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Preview
LAZ
INT
7:45 PM
VIEW ALL
English Premier League
Summary
Statistics
BOU
WHU
8:00 PM
USA Net
VIEW ALL
Men's NCAA soccer
Conversation
13
MRSH
UVM
Tues
1:00 AM
ESPN2
ESPN+
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024-25 UEFA Nations League, Group Stage
ISR
0-0-3, 0 PTS
1
FT
FRA
2-0-1, 6 PTS
4
Omri Gandelman - 24'
Eduardo Camavinga - 6'Christopher Nkunku - 28'Matteo Guendouzi - 87'Bradley Barcola - 89'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
More
Nkunku scores 1st France goal in Nations League win over Israel
ByReuters
Updated: Oct 10, 2024, 09:25 pm

Christopher Nkunku celebrated his return to the France team with a goal in a 4-1 victory over Israel in the Nations League as Les Bleus edged closer to A2 Group leaders Italy on Thursday.

Nkunku's maiden goal for France, almost 10 months after his last cap, helped France to six points from three games, one behind Italy who were held to a 2-2 home draw by Belgium.

The Chelsea forward struck midway through the first half after Omri Gandelman had cancelled out Eduardo Camavinga's early opener before Matteo Guendouzi and Bradley Barcola sealed the win in the closing stages.

France were without regular captain Kylian Mbappe, who skipped the double header with Israel and Belgium, away on Monday, while fit to play with Real Madrid.

"It's always good to win. The atmosphere around the squad is not exactly pleasant," coach Didier Deschamps said, referring to the criticism Mbappe faced for missing the games and a poor performance against Italy last month.

"It's not perfect, we're in a transition period but there are some good things, with players who have qualities and now need to confirm," the coach added, four days before Les Bleus' trip to Brussels.

Christopher Nkunku scored on his return to the France team.
FRANCK FIFE/AFP via Getty Images

It was the first France game since forward Antoine Griezmann announced his retirement from international football last week.

Michael Olise started and was expected to fill the void, but the 22-year-old, despite some good moves and obvious technical qualities, showed his inexperience.

Camavinga opened the scoring after seven minutes with a curled low shot, benefiting from a handling error by Omri Glazer as France reaped the rewards of a good start.

Gandelman, however, headed home from Oscar Gloukh's long pass to equalise in the 24th minute.

It took Les Bleus four minutes to regain the advantage as Nkunku found the back of the net with a low shot after ghosting past two defenders.

Guendouzi wrapped up the win with a low shot from just outside the box and Barcola added another in the penultimate minute with a neat curling strike.

Israel have been playing their home matches in Hungary for security reasons amid the country's war in Gaza.

Game Information
Bozsik Aréna
6:45 PM, October 10, 2024
Budapest, Hungary
Line: FRA -1.5
Over/Under: 3.5
Attendance: 2,226
Referees:
Nikola Dabanovic
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/698943 
 ----- 
