Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
SPORTS
FOOTBALL
Les Bleus enjoy big but dull victory over weak Israeli team

The French football team's performance was often disappointing in Thursday's 4-1 victory over Israel. But Eduardo Camavinga and Christopher Nkunku stood out in the same roles as Antoine Griezmann.

By Denis Ménétrier

Published on October 11, 2024, at 2:27 pm (Paris) 

3 min read

 
Lire en français

Subscribers only

Eduardo Camavinga after scoring his second goal for Les Bleus in the victory over Israel in Budapest, October 10, 2024. FRANCK FIFE / AFP

Even when Antoine Griezmann is out of the picture, Kylian Mbappé is absent and they're not having the greatest of nights, the French team is capable of scoring goals. Not just one or two, but four, as they did against Israel (4-1), when Les Bleus won the UEFA Nations League on Thursday, October 10, in the Bozsik Arena in Budapest, Hungary. The Israeli national team has not played matches on its territory since the October 7 attacks.

"Four goals, it's been a while since that happened to us," observed the French coach, Didier Deschamps, after the match. Eleven months and 14 games to be precise, like the number of goals scored against Gibraltar (14-0), in November 2023. And it's been a year since a win against Scotland (4-1), in October. There have been too many taunts about France's ineffectiveness in attack in recent months to hide this statistic: against Israel, Les Bleus took five shots on target and scored four times.

"We know that if we want to win, we have to be efficient. Today, we were," enthused Bradley Barcola, who scored the final French goal of the evening late on (89th minute). It would be inaccurate to claim that the final three-goal gap was the result of implacable logic. It certainly reflected the difference in technical level between the two teams, but not the overall French performance.

You have 75.45% of this article left to read. The rest is for subscribers only.

Subscribe to continue reading.
Get unlimited access to Le Monde in English
€2.49/month, cancel anytime
Subscribe now
Already a subscriber? Sign in
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/sports/article/2024/10/11/les-bleus-enjoy-big-but-dull-victory-over-weak-israeli-team_6729074_9.html 
 ----- 
