Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
FRANCE
SPORTS
France beats Israel 4-1 in UEFA Nations League

France, the 2021 Nations League champions, are next in Brussels to face Belgium on Monday, with Israel up against Italy in Udine.

Le Monde with AFP

Published on October 10, 2024, at 11:22 pm (Paris), updated on October 11, 2024, at 7:35 am 

1 min read

France's Bradley Barcola, right, celebrates with teammates after scoring his side's fourth goal during the UEFA Nations League soccer match between Israel and France at the Bozsik Arena, in Budapest, Hungary on October 10, 2024. DENES ERDOS / AP

France shrugged off Kylian Mbappé's absence and Antoine Griezmann's retirement to comfortably overcome Israel 4-1 in the UEFA Nations League on Thursday, October 10.

Eduardo Camavinga and Christopher Nkunku set France on their way with first-half goals in Budapest, where Israel are playing all their home games due to the security situation in the Middle East. Didier Deschamps named a squad that for the first time since 2016 did not feature either Mbappé or Griezmann.

Mbappé was left out of this game and Monday's tie in Belgium to allow the France captain time to regain full fitness after a thigh injury. While the Real Madrid star's absence is only temporary, Griezmann's is permanent after his decision to quit the international scene last week.

Griezmann's exit signaled the end of an era for the French side that won the 2018 World Cup and reached the final four years later in Qatar. Yet there was plenty to like about Deschamps' new-look line-up captained by Real Madrid's Aurelien Tchouameni – this win, on the back of victory over Belgium after an opening loss to Italy, leaving France second in Group A2, one point behind Italy.

Deschamps was quick to emphasise the "significant potential" of his young squad. "It is through matches like this that they will gain experience for the months to come," he said.

Israel are without a point after this third straight defeat. Israel coach Ran Ben Shimon named goalkeeper Omri Glazer, returning from injury, as captain. But Glazer's first interaction proved unfortunate, the captain fumbling Camavinga's tame attempt from outside the box to gift France a seventh-minute lead. The Real Madrid midfielder was almost too embarrassed to celebrate his first goal for his country in a competitive fixture.

Read more 
Subscribers only
 For Israel's football team, playing far from home is nothing new

Israel levelled before the half-hour courtesy of Omri Gandelman's stinging header which required the seal of approval from VAR before being confirmed. But France were back in front shortly after when Camavinga turned provider, his deft assist setting up Nkunku to slot home from a tight angle to open his account for Les Bleus.

Help us improve Le Monde in English
Dear reader,
We’d love to hear your thoughts on Le Monde in English! Take this quick survey to help us improve it for you.
Take the survey

Camavinga in a sense was righting an unintentional wrong as it was his training clash with Nkunku that ruled the Chelsea forward out of Deschamps' 2022 World Cup squad with a knee injury. France were rewarded for a flurry of late attacks with goals from second-half substitutes Matteo Guendouzi and Bradley Barcola.

The 2021 Nations League champions are in Brussels to face Belgium on Monday, with Israel up against Italy in Udine.

Le Monde with AFP

Reuse this content
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/france/article/2024/10/10/france-beats-israel-4-1-in-nations-league_6729001_7.html 
 ----- 
