Syria
War in the Middle East
Ukraine
FRANCE 24 LIVE
SEE ALL SHOWS
NEWS
ACCESSIBILITY
TV GUIDE
HEADINGS
Topics
ENVIRONMENT
BUSINESS / TECH
SPORT
CULTURE
INFOGRAPHICS
FIGHT THE FAKE
SPONSORED CONTENTS
By region
FRANCE
AFRICA
MIDDLE EAST
AMERICAS
EUROPE
ASIA-PACIFIC
Français
English
Español
عربي
Manage subscription to notifications
Sign up for newsletters
Manage my privacy settings
Skip to main content
France 24 - International breaking news, top stories and headlines
EN
FRANCE
AFRICA
MIDDLE EAST
AMERICAS
EUROPE
ASIA-PACIFIC
HOME
EUROPE
France beat Israel in Nations League match despite Mbappe absence
EUROPE

France eased past Israel 4-1 in the Nations League on Thursday despite missing Kylian Mbappe and Antoine Griezmann's recent retirement. Eduardo Camavinga and Christopher Nkunku scored in the first half in Budapest, where Israel is hosting games due to the security situation in the Middle East. It is the first time since 2016 that neither Mbappe nor Griezmann featured in Didier Deschamps' France squad.

Issued on: 11/10/2024 - 00:43

2 min
By:
NEWS WIRES
French striker Christopher Nkunku (C) scores against Israel on October 10, 2024 in Budapest. © Attila Kisbenedek, AFP

France shrugged off Kylian Mbappe's absence and Antoine Griezmann's retirement to comfortably overcome Israel 4-1 in the Nations League on Thursday.

Eduardo Camavinga and Christopher Nkunku set France on their way with first-half goals in Budapest, where Israel are playing all their home games due to the security situation in the Middle East.

Didier Deschamps named a squad that for the first time since 2016 did not feature either Mbappe or Griezmann.

Mbappe was left out of this game and Monday's tie in Belgium to allow the France captain time to regain full fitness after a thigh injury.

While the Real Madrid star's absence is only temporary, Griezmann's is permanent after his decision to quit the international scene last week.

Griezmann's exit signalled the end of an era for the French side that won the 2018 World Cup and reached the final four years later in Qatar.

Yet there was plenty to like about Deschamps' new-look line-up captained by Real Madrid's Aurelien Tchouameni -- this win, on the back of victory over Belgium after an opening loss to Italy, leaving France second in Group A2, one point behind Italy.

Deschamps was quick to emphasise the "significant potential" of his young squad.

"It is through matches like this that they will gain experience for the months to come," he said.

For Israel this third straight defeat left them bottom of the table without a point.

Israel coach Ran Ben Shimon named goalkeeper Omri Glazer, returning from injury, as captain.

But Glazer's first interaction proved unfortunate, the captain fumbling Camavinga's tame attempt from outside the box to gift France a seventh-minute lead.

The Real Madrid midfielder was almost too embarrassed to celebrate his first goal for his country in a competitive fixture.

Israel levelled before the half-hour courtesy of Omri Gandelman's stinging header which required the seal of approval from VAR before being confirmed.

But France were back in front shortly after when Camavinga turned provider, his deft assist setting up Nkunku to slot home from a tight angle to open his account for Les Bleus.

Camavinga in a sense was righting an unintentional wrong as it was his training clash with Nkunku that ruled the Chelsea forward out of Deschamps' 2022 World Cup squad with a knee injury.

France were rewarded for a flurry of late attacks with goals from second-half substitutes Matteo Guendouzi and Bradley Barcola.

Deschamps reflected: "I've got a positive analysis -- four goals, it's been a while since we did that.

"We were serious and diligent, with a lot of enthusiasm."

The Nations League champions in 2021 are in Brussels to face Belgium on Monday, with Israel up against Italy in Udine.

(AFP)

READ NEXT
Nations League: France and Italy cruise, Norway's Haaland scores late winner
SPORT
Spain beat Croatia in penalty shoot-out to win Nations League trophy
SPORT
Mbappé finds late equaliser in Vienna as France go three games without a win
UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
SPORT
PROMOTED CONTENT
Recommended by
TODAY'S TOP STORIES
Ex-husband in French mass rape trial asks for 'forgiveness' from his family
Live: Assad denies ‘planned’ departure from Syria in first statement since fall of regime
LIVE
MIDDLE EAST
Rescuers race to reach cyclone survivors as hundreds feared dead in France’s Mayotte
FRANCE
Germany’s Scholz loses confidence vote, triggering path to snap elections
EUROPE
Cape Flats farmers fight to preserve a South African breadbasket eyed by developers
AFRICA
ADVERTISING
MOST READ
Keywords for this article
UEFA Nations League
football
sport
France
Israel
Kylian Mbappé
Antoine Griezmann
Home
Shows
Live
Newsfeed
Menu
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.france24.com/en/europe/20241010-france-israel-nations-league-mbappe 
 ----- 
