HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

WORLD FOOTBALL

⁠France vs Canada Predicted lineup, betting tips, odds, injury news, H2H, telecast | International Friendlies 2024
Published at :
June 8, 2024 at 9:21 AM
Modified at :
June 8, 2024 at 4:22 PM

Manav Chowdhury

0
0
This is France’s final friendly match before Euro 2024.

France will take on Canada in their second friendly match at Stade de Bordeaux. Didier Deschamps’ men ran out convincing 3-0 victors over Luxembourg in their first fixture of the month, while their upcoming visitors were crushed 4-0 by the Netherlands on Thursday evening.

France have reached three of the last four major tournament finals. They are looking for redemption at these Euros after losing out in the quarter-finals to Switzerland three years ago, before suffering a penalty shootout loss to Argentina at the last World Cup. Les Bleus have world-class players in every position and they have a good chance of winning this upcoming Euro 2024 in Germany.

Canada will be looking to give the home team a tough challenge as in their first international friendly they got hammered by the Dutch. In a few days, the Canadian team are going to compete at the Copa America, where they are placed in Group A along with Argentina, Chile and Peru.

This friendly will surely test their capabilities to compete against top-quality opponents. The away team will have to give their best to even get a draw here.

Kick-Off:

Sunday, 9 June 2024 at 07:15 PM (GMT), 02:45 PM (EST)

Monday, 10 June 2024 at 12:45 AM (IST)

Stadium: Nouveau Stade de Bordeaux

Form

France (All Competitions): W-W-D-L-W-W

Canada (All Competitions): L-L-W-L-W-L

Players to Watch
Kylian Mbappe (France)

Kylian Mbappé is one of the fastest players on the football field. His explosive speed and ability to accelerate quickly make him a real headache for opposition defences. His ability to dribble past defences and change direction in an instant makes it extremely difficult to mark him.

The France national team forward can score from distance, as he has demonstrated on innumerable occasions. His positive attitude and ability to keep calm under pressure make him a model to follow for his teammates.

Ismael Kone (Canada)

Ismael Kone has great off-the-ball movement and close control which makes him a danger in and around the edge of the penalty box. He is very good at receiving the ball in dangerous areas and then either creating a chance for somebody else or having a shot himself.

Kone is very quick on the turn and good at using his body to shield the ball. Once he gets up to speed he is very hard to stop and moves very swiftly with his body movements. He’s physically strong and capable of making a lot of trouble for the opposition team.

Match Facts
France score 3.86 goals when playing at home and Canada score 1.4 goals when playing away (on average).
The winner of their last meeting was France.
When France lead 1-0 at home, they win 100% of their matches.
France vs Canada: Betting Tips and Odds
Tip 1 – Kylian Mbappe to score anytime
Tip 2 – France will win this match
Tip 3 – France to keep a clean sheet

France have 1.20 odds in favour of winning this match, 6.40 odds in favour of the match ending in a draw and the away team have 12.00 odds in favour of them to win this fixture.

Trending World Football Articles:
Top five most successful English clubs of all-time
Managers with most trophies in football history
Top 10 most valuable teams in MLS 2024
Euro 2024: Start date, end date, telecast & more
Top 10 clubs with most Premier League titles
Injury & Team News

Dayot Upamecano will be rested for this upcoming match due to a thigh injury, but all the other players are fit and available. This is Didier Deschamps final opportunity to access his squad before the Euros begins.

The away team don’t have any injury issues going into this game.

Head-to-Head

Matches: 1

France: 1

Canada: 0

Draws: 0

Predicted Lineups
France Predicted Lineup (4-2-3-1):

Maignan (GK); Kounde, Saliba, Konate, Hernandez; Rabiot, Kante; Dembele, Griezmann, Mbappe; Thuram

Canada Predicted Lineup (4-4-2):

St.Clair (GK); Laryea, Miller, Cornelius, Davies; Buchanan, Eustaquio, Kone, Hoilett; David, Larin

Match Prediction

France have top quality players in their squad and they will be playing this match at home. They are surely the favourites to win this match. On the other hand, Canada will be a bit low on confidence after their poor performance against the Dutch team. The home team will win this friendly match.

Prediction: France 2-0 Canada

Telecast

India: Sony Sports Network, Sony Liv

UK: Premier Sports 1

USA: ESPN, FOX Sports

Nigeria: No Telecast

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Como vs Lecce Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Bologna vs Hellas Verona Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Aston Villa vs Brighton Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Ipswich Town vs Chelsea Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Manchester United vs Newcastle United Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Top five managers with most FA Cup trophies
List of Mohun Bagan coaches and their performance in ISL
Top five Premier League clubs with most wins on Boxing Day
Six clubs with most Boxing Day defeats in Premier League history
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Cli

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/%E2%81%A0world-football-france-vs-canada-international-friendlies-match-preview-202406 
 ----- 
