CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 01:56, January 11, 2024 | Updated: 02:09, January 11, 2024
Last-gasp goals earn Real 5-3 win over Atletico
By Reuters
Share

Real Madrid's Spanish goalkeeper #25 Kepa Arrizabalaga tries to save the ball from going into the net during the Spanish Super Cup semi-final football match between Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid at the Al-Awwal Park Stadium in Riyadh, on Jan 10, 2024. (PHOTO / AFP)

An own goal by defender Stefan Savic and a strike by Brahim Diaz late in extra time gave Real Madrid a 5-3 comeback win over city rivals Atletico in a rip-roaring Spanish Super Cup semi-final in Riyadh on Wednesday.


Real will face the winners of Thursday's clash between Barcelona and Osasuna in the final on Sunday.

The rivalry, the comeback and the stakes combined to make this arguably the best match of the Spanish season, with two fearless sides battling for 120 minutes in a breathtaking derby.

"It was spectacular, but we don't enjoy matches like this," Real manager Carlo Ancelotti told Movistar Plus.

Atletico, who inflicted Real's only loss of the season in September, started the game on top with Brazilian winger Samuel Lino almost opening the scoring with a curling strike that was saved by goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga

"The wear and tear has been tremendous. Because we are two very strong teams who have given everything."


Atletico, who inflicted Real's only loss of the season in September, started the game on top with Brazilian winger Samuel Lino almost opening the scoring with a curling strike that was saved by goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga.

ALSO READ: Real lose Vazquez to injury, Barca face Cancelo's knee issues

However, there was nothing Kepa could do when Antoine Griezmann lifted his corner into the box and defender Mario Hermoso sent a towering header flying past the keeper to give his side the lead in the seventh minute.

Real fought back through an Antonio Rudiger header from a Luka Modric corner in the 20th minute and a Ferland Mendy close-range strike, before Griezmann worked his magic in the 37th minute with a brilliant long-range strike.

Real Madrid's Luka Modric (right) and Atletico Madrid's Rodrigo De Paul fight for the ball during the Spanish Super Cup semi final soccer match at Al Awal Park Stadium in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, on Jan 10, 2024. (PHOTO / AP)

Atletico goalkeeper Jan Oblak made a stunning stop with his legs to deny a Rodrygo close-range strike and the scores were level at halftime.

Real Madrid targeted the right side of Atletico's defense and Vinicius Jr. took advantage with a quick free kick to Dani Carvajal whose thunderous strike was brilliantly saved by Oblak.

With a penalty shootout looming, Joselu's header bounced off Savic into Atletico's net five minutes from the end of extra time to deliver a hammer blow to Atletico

Atletico retook the lead in the 78th minute thanks to a calamitous attempted clearance from goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga who punched the ball on to his team mate Rudiger and it ended up in the net.


Real equalized through Dani Cavajal who converted a rebound after Oblak made two fine saves from Vinicius and Jude Bellingham.

READ MORE: Rudiger earns Real Madrid narrow win over Mallorca

With a penalty shootout looming, Joselu's header bounced off Savic into Atletico's net five minutes from the end of extra time to deliver a hammer blow to Atletico.

In the last play of the match, Diaz finished off a counter- attack into an empty net after Oblak went up to Real's box in a desperate attempt to equalize from a corner.

"I told my players that I'm really proud of them, they played a great game and we were very close, but it was an unfortunate outcome...," Atletico manager Diego Simeone told Movistar Plus.

The city rivals will clash again next week as Atletico host Real in an elimination game in the Copa del Rey last 16. In three weeks time, they will square up again at the Santiago Bernabeu in a LaLiga match.




Share
ALSO READ
MORE
Olympic badminton champion Huang to retire from Chinese national team
A smashing outlook
Serving up a singular year
China rings in 2025 with sports celebrations of tradition, health, and joy
US beats China to reach United Cup semis
Ethiopian football captain finds inspiration in China's 'Village Super League'
Arsenal beat Brentford to close gap on Liverpool
Arsenal must keep hammering away at Liverpool's lead, says Arteta
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columnists
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2025. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/370826 
 ----- 
