www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 06 11 → Article 1935102
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Tuesday, 11 June 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

'Come and talk to me yourself' - Mohammed Kudus in heated exchange with social media critics

« Prev

Next »

Comments (96)

Listen to Article

Share:

Black Stars midfielder Mohammed Kudus

Black Stars midfielder, Mohammed Kudus, did not take kindly to comments by some Ghanaians on social media who questioned his performance against the Central African Republic on Monday, June 10, 2024.

Kudus, who was billed to be the star of the team, struggled in both games against Mali and the Central African Republic.

His underwhelming performance did not go unnoticed, as some Ghanaians criticized him and urged him to avoid complacency.

However, Kudus returned the favor with some replies, urging the fans to be quiet and not talk about his game.

One of the criticisms sighted by GhanaWeb reads, "You people should tell Kudus the truth. He's not Messi, nor is he Ronaldo. He should stop doing too much and release the ball quickly."

The West Ham United star replied, "Masa, be quiet!!!!!"

Another tweet went like this: "Mohammed Kudus needs to be talked to. What kind of selfishness and unnecessary ball control is that?"

Kudus replied, urging the critic, "Come and talk to me yourself."

Kudus was involved as Ghana managed a 4-3 win over the Central African Republic in their fourth match of the 2026 World Cup qualifiers.

A hat-trick from Jordan Ayew and a goal from Fatawu Issahaku gave Ghana a 4-3 victory over the Central African Republic, who also had their star forward, Mafouta, bagging a hat-trick.

With nine points from four games, the Black Stars are now top of Group I, but the outcomes of the games between Madagascar versus Mali and Chad versus Comoros could change the group standings.





EK

Related Articles:
There would be dumsor, hardships soon - NPP's Owusu-Bempah predicts
2025 AFCON Qualifiers: Ghana sinks to bottom of Group F after Niger’s mauling of Sudan
Ghana determined to capitalise on Sudan’s slip-up as they face Angola
US-based Osman Bukari rejoins Black Stars after five-month absence for 2025 AFCON qualifiers
'Cheap talk' - Asamoah Gyan slams NDC MP for 2010 World Cup penalty miss comment
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has 96 comment(s), give your comment
Ursula Owusu Arrested
'God will take care of me' – Koku Anyi doho 'rejects' Mahama appointment
Asphalt Paving I Search Ads
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Many People Are Surprised By The Price Of Asphalt Paving In 2024...
We pray Ghana never gets another President like Akufo-Addo - Krontih...
'NDC will struggle to be competitive in 2024' – Old Facebook post of Dr....
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Many People Are Surprised By The Price Of Asphalt Paving In 2024 (Learn More)
Asphalt Paving I Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Fighting neuropathic symptoms? Try this immediately
A Simple Method to Reduce Neuropathy (Watch)
Health Today
|
Sponsored
Learn More
CVS Silent About 87¢ ED meds - Find Out Why
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
|
Sponsored
"No Plug Nearby? Power Made Portable!"
Portable Power Station | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Top Doctor: If You Eat This Every Day, This Is What Happens
Thousands of people feel better after eliminating this substance from their diet
Gundry MD
|
Sponsored
Learn More
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
News
Controversy erupts over Akufo-Addo's alleged denial of Mahama's presidential entitlements
Business
Dangote reveals the real reason why fuel prices have reduced in Nigeria
Entertainment
I'm done with 'ungrateful' Keche, no more collaborations with them – King Paluta
Africa
Kenyans decry continued abduction of government critics
Opinions
New Patriotic Party must accept parliamentary results so Ghana can move on
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/Come-and-talk-to-me-yourself-Mohammed-Kudus-in-heated-exchange-with-social-media-critics-1935102 
 ----- 
