Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Marlins push Twins to verge of elimination with 13-inning win
Share
Marlins push Twins to verge of elimination with 13-inning win
September 27th, 2024

Christina De Nicola

@cdenicola13
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

MINNEAPOLIS -- Don’t tell Marlins manager Skip Schumaker his club isn’t playing for anything.

Over the last three series, it has been a balancing act of putting an inexperienced roster in situations to see how it fits into the organization’s 2025 plans, while also impacting the postseason race.

Thursday night’s 8-6 victory over the Twins in a season-long 13 innings at Target Field was a masterclass. By taking two of three in the series, Miami dropped Minnesota three back in the American League Wild Card race with three games remaining.

“I'm just really proud of the guys for the fight and against a team that was still trying to get in the playoffs,” Schumaker said. “I'm just really proud of the guys being so late in the season, out of it, out of contention, 100 losses, and you would never know it with the way they're celebrating right now. So it shows a lot of character inside that clubhouse.

“Out of respect for the game, you try to win the game. We've been trying to disrupt the situation in certain divisions and playoff races, whether it was the Dodgers, the Braves or the Twins. And I felt like we tried to do everything we could to win today's game. The players did that. It was nothing I did. The players executed in leverage spots and made great plays when they had to, made pitches when they had to, and put together the at-bats when they needed it. They played it like it was a playoff game, and just proud of the outcome, obviously.”

Full steam ahead
Outside of a two-week period earlier this month when he missed time with a left shoulder impingement, Derek Hill has seen the majority of the center-field action since being claimed off waivers from the Giants on Aug. 3.

Pregame, Schumaker said the organization knew Hill could hit lefties (career .846 OPS entering Friday), but wanted to see what he could do against righties (.510 career OPS). It also doesn’t hurt that he plays a solid center field.

Never was that more evident than in the 10th inning. With Miami clinging to a one-run lead with the bases loaded and one out, Willi Castro rocketed a ball to straightaway center. Hill, who was playing shallow at 295 feet with the tying run 90 feet away, raced backwards with a 29 ft/sec sprint speed -- 30 ft/sec is considered elite -- to cover 118 feet and make a jumping catch on the warning track.

Related
Miami comes to terms with all 5 of its arb-eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Edwards 'so fortunate' to share game he loves with youth

January 9th, 2025

Marlins lose Garrett for 2025 after left elbow surgery

January 9th, 2025

loanDepot park to host 2026 Discover NHL Winter Classic

January 9th, 2025

Weathers braves temps to have a catch in Scotland

January 6th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Only one run would score on the play, as Michael Petersen retired the next batter to send the game to the 11th.

“I thought it was going to be off the wall, so I was like, ‘This is going to hurt a little bit because we're going into the wall. Automatic,’” Hill said. “It just kind of hung up a little bit, and for some reason, it peeled back towards center. I don't know if he inside-outed [it] a little bit or whatnot, but I was able to get a glove on it and help the team pull out this W.”

Fab Five
With the bases loaded and one out in the 11th inning of a tie ballgame, Schumaker replaced Hill with rookie Javier Sanoja … so he could go with a five-man infield. It’s a strategy the Cardinals executed several times while he was the bench coach in St. Louis.

The reasoning behind it this time around was simple enough: rookie Anthony Maldonado, who would go on to pick up his first Major League win, has a good slider. The hope was that the right-handed-hitting Royce Lewis would pull the offering to the crowded left side of the infield.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Lewis did just that on the fourth pitch of the at-bat, and Sanoja, the center fielder playing in the vicinity of shortstop with the infield drawn in, charged the ball and made a running throw home that backup catcher Jhonny Pereda picked for the unusual 8-2 forceout. Carlos Santana would then fly out to Sanoja, who had switched his infield glove for an outfield one between plate appearances.

Sanoja, who has started just once in the past week, is valuable because of his defensive versatility; he has played second, short, center and left so far in the Majors.

“You've got to be ready in any situation like that, mostly with a glove,” Sanoja said via interpreter Luis Dorante Jr. “I was warm the inning before to get ready, and I was ready for it. The situation in the game, he just came to me, and I was able to make the play.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Miami Marlins

Christina De Nicola covers the Marlins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/marlins-play-spoiler-with-extra-inning-win-over-twins 
 ----- 
