Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Miami Marlins Pull Out Inexplicable Win Over Minnesota Twins Despite Historic Blunders
The Miami Marlins may have struck out 20 times, stranded 15 runners on base, committed two errors and blown a four-run lead, but they still beat the Minnesota Twins on Thursday.
Sam Connon | Sep 27, 2024
Sep 26, 2024; Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA; Miami Marlins outfielder Derek Hill (58) catches a ball hit by Minnesota Twins outfielder Byron Buxton (25) to end the fifth inning at Target Field. / Matt Blewett-Imagn Images
In this story:
Miami Marlins
Minnesota Twins

You don't have to play great to win a baseball game, you just have to play better than the team you're facing.

That's exactly what the Miami Marlins did Thursday, somehow eking out a win against the Minnesota Twins despite some historic roadblocks.

Miami struck out 20 times, which is tied for the second-most across all of baseball this season. Even when they did manage to get men aboard, the Marlins stranded 15 runners on base. Still, Miami led Minnesota 4-0 through five innings thanks to a gem from rookie Valente Bellozo.

Of course, the Marlins blew that lead and allowed the Twins to force extras, committing two errors along the way.

Miami, having sat in last place in the NL East all year long, eventually turned on the jets in the top of the 13th thanks to Otto Lopez's two-RBI double and Griffin Conine's RBI single. The Marlins, against all odds, pulled out the 8-6 win over a team fighting to stay alive in the AL Wild Card race.

According to OptaSTATS, the Marlins became the first team in MLB history to strike out at least 20 times, leave 15-plus runners on base, blow a lead of at least four runs, commit multiple errors and fail to hit a home run in a game – win or lose. Somehow, Miami still managed to win.

For all of the blunders the entire lineup made on Thursday, third baseman Connor Norby seemingly had the worst showing of the bunch. The rookie infielder went 0-for-6 with five strikeouts, on top of committing a throwing error in the field.

Left fielder Kyle Stowers and his fifth-inning replacement Dane Myers combined to go 0-for-6 with three strikeouts, while center fielder Derek Hill and his 11th-inning replacement Javier Sanoja combined to go 0-for-6 with four strikeouts.

Miami's pitching staff may have blown two saves on the night, but they only gave up three earned runs. Three different relievers got credit for holds, all while Anthony Maldonado got the win and Darren McCaughan recorded his first career save.

The Marlins are now 59-100, tying them for the the third-most losses in franchise history. The Twins, on the other hand, sit 3.0 games behind the Kansas City Royals and Detroit Tigers for the last two AL Wild Card spots with three games to go.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Sep 27, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/miami-marlins-pull-out-inexplicable-win-over-minnesota-twins-despite-historic-blunders-20-strikeouts-15-runners-left-on-base-two-errors-zero-home-runs-blown-lead-extra-innings-01j8ss4ez7mm 
 ----- 
