Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Healthy Buxton may be key in Twins' final stretch
Share
Healthy Buxton may be key in Twins' final stretch
September 26th, 2024

Do-Hyoung Park

@dohyoungpark
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

This story was excerpted from Do-Hyoung Park’s Twins Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

MINNEAPOLIS -- If the Twins are to surge back into the playoff bracket, there’s a good chance it will be because they have Byron Buxton back in the lineup for these most important games.

Buxton played his part in Wednesday’s 8-3 win over the Marlins with a 450-foot blast to tie the game and snap the Twins’ 63-inning homerless drought. Just as significantly, he hit a major milestone that he’d set for himself ahead of the season: To appear in 100 games, which he has done for the first time since 2017.

“It was probably the toughest thing for me on the IL, wondering if I was going to be able to get back to be able to do this,” Buxton said. “To be able to get to this spot and have that chance, it’s definitely exciting.”

This was very important to Buxton, who said the milestone had similar significance to his family, which has been by his side through all the pain and struggles as he averaged just over 70 games per season from 2018-23, not counting the pandemic-shortened '20 season.

His wife, Lindsey, was the one who reminded Buxton that Wednesday's game would be his 100th of the season when they woke up that morning.

“Just something small that is doable and something that’s not putting too much pressure on myself,” Buxton said.

Buxton is back in center field after being held to 85 games and DH duties only due to his persistent knee issues last season. His work ethic or desire have never been in question, as he's pushed through all manner of pain to try and take the field.

Though he missed a month with right hip issues late this summer and two weeks with right knee inflammation in May, Buxton has been largely healthy and as productive as he’s ever been -- and he’s hitting .308 (12-for-39) since his Sept. 13 return, with hits in all but one of those games.

“Buck doesn't need to be motivated,” manager Rocco Baldelli said. “He's not a player that needs to be pushed to get out there on the field. More times than not, you have to pull him back off the field from playing flat-out injured sometimes.”

Related
What will a healthy offseason mean for Buxton in '25?

October 23rd, 2024

Buxton goes deep in first game off IL; Correa to return tonight

September 14th, 2024

Lewis snaps skid, Buxton set to return as Twins gain crucial momentum

September 12th, 2024

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Twins clear arbitration slate with contracts for all eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Twins announce plans for 2025 Winter Caravan

January 8th, 2025

This could be important as a building block, but there’s also some value to this season as proof of concept, Baldelli noted. Trying to play Buxton every day hasn’t worked in the past, and the few-days-on, one-day-off schedule the Twins used with him this year clearly kept him healthier and more productive than he has been for quite some time.

“Maybe it is a good threshold, too, for us to look at and say, ‘This is what he’s capable of: Playing 100 to slightly over 100 games. This is good. This is leading to us winning games,’” Baldelli said.

Now, Buxton is with his teammates when they need him most.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Byron Buxton
Minnesota Twins

Do-Hyoung Park covers the Twins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/byron-buxton-pivotal-role-in-twins-playoff-chase 
 ----- 
