Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Utah Jazz
PRESENTED BY:
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS & MEDIA
JAZZ+
Community
Arena
Fans
History
Shop
SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH - DECEMBER 28: Brice Sensabaugh #28 of the Utah Jazz reacts to a play during the second half of a game against the Utah Jazz at Delta Center on December 28, 2024 in Salt Lake City, Utah. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Alex Goodlett/Getty Images)
Brice Sensabaugh Shines in Back-to-Back Wins for the Utah Jazz
Eric Spyropoulos●@EricSpyroNBA
Digital Writer
January 5, 202510:31 PM MST

The Utah Jazz, and more specifically, Brice Sensabaugh, came to play this weekend.

Two wins over the course of 24 hours were highlighted by the second-year wing breaking out and serving as a go-to option for Utah’s offense.

On Saturday night, Sensabaugh dropped a career-high 34 points against the Miami Heat, with 20 coming in a dominant fourth quarter. The 34 points came on an efficient 12-of-18 from the field, including 7-of-11 from beyond the arc. 

Using a mix of catch-and-shoot jumpers, stepback 3-pointers, and methodical drives to the basket, the 21-year-old showcased his full scoring skill set against Miami.

Understandably so, the 3-point shooting was the story Saturday night. Seven made threes also marked a career-high for the former 28th overall pick, and they came off both catch-and-shoot jumpers and self-created attempts off the dribble. 

On the season, Sensabaugh has had success on both types of shots, having connected on 37.7 percent on catch-and-shoot 3-point attempts and a staggering 47.1 percent on pullup attempts. 

However, what shouldn’t be overlooked is Sensabaugh’s craft inside the arc, which really stood out against Miami, as he used his crafty handle and physicality to carve out space and get to the basket on several drives. 

“He’s put in a lot of work,” Jazz head coach Will Hardy said following the game in Miami. “He’s continued to work on his game, he’s continued to work on making quicker decisions with the ball, and then there are moments where his talent really shines through.” 

Sensabaugh’s diverse shot chart (seven 3-pointers and five baskets inside the arc on Saturday night) has allowed the second-year wing to contribute to Utah’s offense in a variety of ways, sometimes in the form of playmaking (Sensabaugh had two assists against the Heat). 

“Brice is making reads not just on the ball, but off the ball as well,” Hardy said. “He’s mixing the types of shots that he’s getting. He’s not getting stuck where one thing is the only way you can impact the game offensively. Brice is continuing to expand his game. He’s a good shooter, he’s a good ball-handler and passer, the work he’s doing speeding up his reads is allowing him to make more plays every night.” 

The encore didn’t reach quite the same heights, but it did produce 27 points (on 11-of-19 shooting) for the Jazz in another road win Sunday night, this time against a stingy Orlando Magic defense. 

Playing in his hometown, Sensabaugh stepped up to the plate to lead Utah’s offense as the Jazz were without starters Keyonte George, Lauri Markkanen, and John Collins. Once again, it was a balanced shot mix that helped keep the defense honest and open up additional opportunities for the young wing to take advantage of, as Sensabaugh ended the night with six baskets inside the arc to pair with his 5-of-6 shooting from deep. 

“I’m just making the right reads and playing simple,” Sensabaugh said postgame. “I give credit to my teammates and my coaches for putting me in the right spots. I’m just trying to be as efficient as possible and execute.” 

Utah needed everything Sensabaugh could provide Sunday night, with a few of his 2-point baskets coming as a result of the soft touch he has developed inside the paint. 

The big performance Sunday night put a nice bow on the successful weekend for both player and team, with the road game taking place in Orlando being the cherry on top.

“I thought it was a big step for him, his confidence, and his belief to have this game two nights in a row,” Hardy said. “I just feel happy for him that he was able to have a good game back home in front of all of his people.” 

On the season, Sensabaugh is now up to 9.4 points per game (19.4 points per-36 minutes) on 42.7 percent from beyond the arc.

In a Jazz offense that continues to emphasize 3-pointers and making quick decisions, Sensabaugh’s recent play will only earn him more opportunities to grow on the floor moving forward. 

Tags
Brice Sensabaugh
Utah Jazz
Related Articles
Brice Sensabaugh Shines in Back-to-Back Wins for the Utah Jazz
Utah Jazz 105, Orlando Magic 92: Three Takeaways 
TICKETS
Salt Lake Summer League
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium Seating
Ticket Offers
Group Tickets
Account Manager
ARENA
Know Before You Go
Jazz FAQ
Delta Center
SEG Privacy Policy
COMMUNITY
Jazz Dancers
Donation Request
Community Ticket Program
Jazz Youth
HISTORY
50 Seasons
All‑Time Players List
Milestones
FRONT OFFICE
Careers
Staff Directory
SHOP
Team Store
Jerseys
Mens
Womens
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/jazz/news/brice-sensabaugh-shines-in-back-to-back-wins-for-the-utah-jazz 
 ----- 
