Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 Soccer
News
Scores/Schedule
Premier League
MLS
NWSL
Concacaf
Champions League
Liga MX Apertura
Liga MX Clausura
Bundesliga
Serie A
LALIGA
Ligue 1
The Cooligans
World Cup
…
Big NFL Saturday on tap
Burnes to D-backs on $210M deal
Browns restructure Watson contract
Greg Gumbel dies at 78
Bowl schedule and results
Copa América: Colombia upends Uruguay a man down in tense semifinal that ends in violence
Jason Owens
Staff writer
Wed, Jul 10, 2024·4 min read
19

Playing short-handed for more than a half, Colombia upended Uruguay, 1-0 in a tense Copa América semifinal Wednesday night that ended with a postgame scuffle on the field and a brawl in the stands.

With the win, Colombia advances to its first Copa América final — and its second ever — since winning the championship in 2001. There, it will face a stiff task against Lionel Messi and reigning World Cup champion Argentina, which cruised through its half of the field while allowing a single goal in five games.

Colombia and Argentina will face off Sunday night (8 p.m. ET, Fox/Univision) in Miami.

Strong support for Colombia in stands

Wednesday's semifinal was played in Charlotte, but might as well have been hosted in Bogotá. The Bank of America Stadium stands were packed with fans sporting yellow Colombia gear. Colombia delivered for those fans in a testy game that tallied six yellow cards and a red-card ejection before the postgame exchanges.

Colombia entered Wednesday's match as the highest-scoring team in the tournament (11 goals), fresh off a 5-0 quarterfinal win over Panama. It struck first on a corner kick in the 38th minute. James Rodríguez sent the ball to the back post from the corner, and Jefferson Lerma leapt high in the air and squeezed the ball between the post and goalkeeper Sergio Rochet.

The goal was just the second allowed by Uruguay all tournament.

Colombia's defense, meanwhile, stifled a Uruguay offense that scored nine goals in four previous Copa América games. Uruguay didn't put any of its four first-half shots on goal.

Ejection puts pressure back on Colombia

The tide threatened to shift late in the second half. Colombia's Daniel Muñoz, who picked up a yellow card earlier in the half on a tackle, picked up his second yellow just before halftime. After a scuffle following a foul on Colombia's Davinson Sánchez, Uruguay's Manuel Ugarte grabbed Muñoz's jersey from behind.

Muñoz responded with an elbow to the chest that knocked Ugarte to the turf, drawing his second yellow and ultimately a red card that led to his ejection.

Head coach Néstor Lorenzo protested to no avail. Muñoz was tossed, and Colombia was set to play the second half a man down.

Uruguay's offense was much improved after halftime as it controlled the ball and put two of its seven shots on goal. But it didn't convert on the scoreboard as Colombia held on for the victory.

Postgame violence on field, in stands

The tension that marked the game throughout carried over after the final whistle. Players exchanged shoves and blows at midfield in the moments after the game.

The scuffle was eventually subdued on the field, but carried over into the stands, where Uruguayan players including Liverpool's Darwin Núñez traded blows and shoves with Colombia fans. Fans were seen throwing drinks toward players, while Núñez charged through the stands and fought with fans.

A closer look at what happened between Darwin Nunez and Colombia fans. 🇨🇴🇺🇾 pic.twitter.com/IPJWs2xSK5

— CentreGoals. (@centregoals) July 11, 2024

It got crazy in the semis!! Right in my section! Hope everybody is ok pic.twitter.com/oyDQM0d9Ik

— Lloyd sam (@MrLloydSam) July 11, 2024

Uruguay's José Maria Gimenez told the broadcast after the game that players were defending their families from a group of Colombia fans who swarmed them. He called for changes in organization and security.

The consequences of the postgame brawl weren't immediately clear. Uruguay is scheduled to face Canada in a third-place game on Saturday in Charlotte.

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Mavericks-Suns brawl ends with 3 ejected after punch thrown

Jusuf Nurkić and Naji Marshall got into it on Friday.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
Corbin Burnes agrees to $210M contract with Diamondbacks

Corbin Burnes has been one of the best pitchers in MLB over the past five seasons.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
A typical Kings move: Firing of Mike Brown brings more questions than answers about the direction of the franchise

Does anyone trust the Kings and their vision for the direction of the team moving forward?

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Nick Saban criticizes Ohio State fans overlooking CFP run due to 'psychotic obsession' with Michigan

If Ohio State plays as it did against Tennessee, Saban said the Buckeyes could win the national championship.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Scottie Scheffler to miss PGA Tour's season-opening tournament after puncturing hand while preparing Christmas dinner

Scheffler is expected to be out for three to four weeks after requiring surgery to treat the injury.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Eagles rule out QB Jalen Hurts vs. Cowboys due to concussion

Hurts has not practiced this week after being in concussion protocol following a tackle in Sunday's loss to the Commanders.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Weather to keep planes carrying protest banners away from Giants' home finale at MetLife Stadium

The Giants could be the first NFL team to finish 0-9 at home if they lose to the Colts in Week 17.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports and HOMAGE partner on the perfect gear to honor your fantasy football league’s champ (and loser)

Fantasy football managers can celebrate (or mourn) their seasons with the signature Yahoo Fantasy Collection from HOMAGE.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Is Caleb Williams even capable of leading a NFL offense? and Minnesota’s QB conundrum | Inside Coverage

Jason Fitz, Charles Robinson & Frank Schwab break down the Thursday Night Football game between the Seattle Seahawks and the Chicago Bears, discuss Minnesota's QB options with Sam Darnold and J.J. McCarthy and react to Aaron Rodgers' comments about the New York Jets being 'professional.'

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: 6 players who could help win you a championship in Week 17

The Yahoo Fantasy team gives its most steadfast predictions for fantasy championship week.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football Week 17 Start 'Em, Sit 'Em

Set your Championship Week lineups with start/sit advice from every game on the Saturday and Sunday slate in Week 17.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
3 Week 17 games that will determine fantasy football championships

With fantasy football championships on the line in most leagues, Matt Harmon outlines the three matchups most likely to determine winners and losers.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Stakes are high when rookies Jayden Daniels, Michael Penix Jr. meet for the 1st time in crucial NFL Sunday night matchup

Plus, if you want a little extra personnel drama, this marks the first time that Washington’s Dan Quinn will face Atlanta as a head coach since the Falcons fired him in 2018.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Mookie Betts is still heated about those Yankees fans who interfered with him in World Series: 'F*** you guys'

Betts provided a profane footnote to the most bizarre moment of the 2024 World Series.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Week 17 preview: Penix-Daniels shootout? Bengals last stand? Packers-Vikings bonanza? | Yahoo Fantasy Forecast

If you've made it to title weekend, congratulations. It all comes down to this. Welcome to our weekend preview show where we get you ready with everything you need to know heading into Saturday, Sunday and Monday's action. Andy Behrens joins Matt Harmon to share 4 burning fantasy questions he wants answered in Week 17. Behrens also shares the four matchups he has his eye on in Week 17 that will have the most fantasy ramifications.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Seahawks-Bears: Seattle keeps playoff hopes alive with 6-3 win over Chicago in one of NFL's worst games of 2024 season

Anyone watching Thursday night’s game knows that neither team can be pleased with what they saw from their quarterback.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Which free agent would you rather have: Teoscar Hernández or Anthony Santander? Justin Verlander or Max Scherzer?

Our experts weigh some of the options still available for MLB teams in the infield, outfield and starting rotation.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA sees 84% jump in Christmas ratings, best numbers in 5 years despite NFL competition

The NBA had a very good Christmas, at least by recent standards.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football Week 17 Busts: 3 players with lineup-wrecking potential in Championship Week

Fantasy football managers should tread lightly with these players with bust potential in Championship Week.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Longtime Miami men's basketball coach Jim Larrañaga steps down

Larrañaga, 75, is in his 14th season at Miami.

2d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/copa-america-colombia-upends-uruguay-a-man-down-in-tense-semifinal-that-ends-in-violence-015800945.html 
 ----- 
