SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
COPA AMÉRICA
COPA AMÉRICA CRUNCH-TIME FOR SURVIVING QUARTET AS SEMI-FINALS LOOM
Copa América crunch-time for surviving quartet as semi-finals loom
AFP,
08.07.2024 14:53
Messi in action for Aregntina
AFP
The Copa America is down to the final four with a pair of fascinating semi-finals and favourites Argentina hoping they can win their third straight major title.

The Argentines, world champions and defending Copa title holders, open the semi-final action when they face surprise package Canada on Tuesday in New Jersey.

Then on Wednesday in Charlotte, Uruguay - who knocked out Brazil after a shoot-out on Saturday - will play a Colombia team which, unbeaten in 27 games, beat Panama 5-0 in their quarter-final.

Argentina and Uruguay, currently tied on 15 Copa America titles, are both hoping they can break that deadlock to become the most successful nation in the tournament's history.

Colombia have a solitary title from 2001 while Canada are playing in the tournament for the first time.

Argentina needed penalty shoot-out heroics from their goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez to get past Ecuador in the last eight and while Lionel Scaloni's team have yet to really hit top gear they start as clear favourites against Canada.

American coach Jesse Marsch has made an instant impact with Canada, taking over in mid-May and quickly implementing his high-energy, pressing style to great effect.

Canada's latest form
Flashscore

Marsch, who was reported to be close to taking over as USA coach before the decision last year to re-hire Gregg Berhalter, has had the last laugh as his team have produced a memorable run to the last four while the Americans failed to get out of their group.

Canada got past a Venezuela team that had won all three of their group stage games, winning on penalties at the end of a pulsating encounter on Friday.

However, they know that Lionel Messi and Argentina represent a very different proposition.

The teams met in the opening group game of the tournament with Argentina winning 2-0, but there is no shortage of confidence in Marsch's team.

"It's going to take everything," said Bayern Munich wing-back Alphonso Davies.

"Going into this game, we know what's on the line. We win and go forward, we lose and go home. They're going to come out with everything. We're hungrier than ever, we expect a battle - as they should," he said.

Argentina's latest form
Flashscore

Three of the four quarter-finals were decided on penalties, but Marsch insists his team will play their usual attacking style.

"The game against Argentina will have to be the best we've ever played ... We're not going to sit back and just try to defend. We will be aggressive. We're going to try to play the way we want to play and see if we can keep it up," he promised.

Argentina's line-up remains largely the one which triumphed in the World Cup in Qatar in 2022 although Messi, troubled by a hamstring strain, has yet to perform anywhere near the level he showed in that tournament.

But the midfield is packed with quality options and striker Lautaro Martinez has picked up four goals while the defence, marshalled by Lisandro Martinez, has looked solid.

Colombia continue to impress under Nestor Lorenzo with the late career "second wind" for playmaker James Rodriguez providing them with a creative spark.

Rodriguez has never quite lived up to expectations at club level but has recaptured the electric form he showed at the World Cup in Brazil 10 years ago.

"I'm having a good time. The boys are also having a very good Cup. Without their help I couldn't play well. Everything is coming together," he said after providing two assists and scoring a penalty in the thrashing of Panama.

Copa America semi-finals
Flashscore
Bruising encounter

Uruguay are in buoyant mood after eliminating Brazil in a bruising encounter in Las Vegas, but they will be without the suspended Nahitan Nandez and have injuries to defender Ronaldo Araujo and wing-back Matias Vina.

Veteran Argentine coach Marcelo Bielsa has brought his trademark direct, hard-running style to Uruguay and that promises a game which will be high-tempo, with Colombia dangerous on the break thanks to the pace of winger Luis Diaz.

"The match against Colombia will be just as demanding (as playing Brazil) because they are a team that has been developing a lot match by match," Bielsa said.

"Like Brazil, they have important strikers in every position, but we are confident we can play on an equal footing with any opponent," he added.

The Copa America final will be held in Miami on July 14.

MENTIONS
Football
Copa América
Lionel Messi
James Rodriguez
Luis Diaz
Argentina
Canada
Colombia
Uruguay
Related Articles
What is the most beautiful shirt of the Copa America?
20.06.2024 08:29
Messi's warning as Argentina gear up to face debutants Canada in Copa opener
20.06.2024 08:16
Colombia's James Rodriguez a man on a mission at Copa America
07.07.2024 05:57
Show more
Football
Pep Guardiola says Man City's dismal form has made him realise how good they were
40 min ago
Douglas Luiz set to make Juventus return against Fiorentina, confirms Thiago Motta
43 min ago
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
2 h ago
Updated
Premier League Player of the Week: Wolves' Matheus Cunha shines against Man United
2 h ago
Premier League Team of the Week: Joelinton and Gakpo star as Huijsen continues to impress
3 h ago
EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Arsenal star Mohammed on Katsina Academy & partnership with Mbappe’s AS Bondy
3 h ago
Flashscore Awards 2024: Xabi Alonso crowned our Manager of the Year
4 h ago
Arsenal's Bukayo Saka sidelined for more than two months after undergoing surgery
7 h ago
Cristiano Ronaldo slams Rodri's 'unfair' Ballon d'Or win ahead of Vinicius Junior
16 h ago
Arsenal close gap on league leaders Liverpool after win against Ipswich
16 h ago
Most Read
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
Cristiano Ronaldo slams Rodri's 'unfair' Ballon d'Or win ahead of Vinicius Junior
LaLiga welcomes court decision to reject Barcelona's appeal to register Dani Olmo
Atalanta's incredible Serie A run in danger as Napoli and Inter look to pounce
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Cagliari - Inter
Napoli - Venezia
Juventus - Fiorentina
AC Milan - AS Roma
Swiatek - Helgo
Swiatek - Muchova
FOOTBALL SCORES
Leicester - Manchester City
West Ham - Liverpool
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Anadolu Efes - Karsiyaka
Olympiacos - Lavrio
Fenerbahce - Merkezefendi
KK Krka Novo mesto - Crvena zvezda
Panathinaikos - AS Karditsas
Real Madrid - Barcelona
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-copa-america-copa-america-crunch-time-for-surviving-quartet-as-semi-finals-loom/zwl2aAfE/ 
 ----- 
