Skip to Content
News
China
Business
TECH
ENT
Sport
HK
HotTV
Blog
Sport
Coby White, Torrey Craig lead the Bulls past the Hornets in overtime, 115-108
2024-12-31 10:51 Last Updated At：11:00

CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Coby White narrowly missed his first career triple-double, finishing with 23 points, 10 rebounds and nine assists, and Torrey Craig scored 18 with five 3-pointers after halftime as the Chicago Bulls held on to beat the Charlotte Hornets 115-108 in overtime Monday night.

Nikola Vucevic added 16 points and 13 rebounds for the Bulls (15-18).

Click to Gallery

Chicago Bulls forward Dalen Terry (25) drives to the basket during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Charlotte Hornets in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Chicago Bulls guard Lonzo Ball (2) brings the ball upcourt during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Charlotte Hornets in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Charlotte Hornets head coach Charles Lee looks on during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Chicago Bulls in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Chicago Bulls forward Dalen Terry, front right, defends against Charlotte Hornets guard Seth Curry, left, during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Charlotte Hornets guard Vasilije Micic (22) drives to the basket while guarded by Charlotte Hornets guard DaQuan Jeffries (3) during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Charlotte Hornets center Mark Williams (5) blocks a shot by Chicago Bulls forward Patrick Williams (44) during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Chicago Bulls guard Lonzo Ball (2) defends against Charlotte Hornets guard Vasilije Micic during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Charlotte Hornets center Mark Williams (5) defends against Chicago Bulls center Nikola Vucevic (9) during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Chicago Bulls guard Coby White (0) brings the ball upcourt during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Charlotte Hornets in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
More Images
Chicago Bulls forward Dalen Terry (25) drives to the basket during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Charlotte Hornets in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Chicago Bulls guard Lonzo Ball (2) brings the ball upcourt during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Charlotte Hornets in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Charlotte Hornets head coach Charles Lee looks on during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Chicago Bulls in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Chicago Bulls forward Dalen Terry, front right, defends against Charlotte Hornets guard Seth Curry, left, during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Charlotte Hornets guard Vasilije Micic (22) drives to the basket while guarded by Charlotte Hornets guard DaQuan Jeffries (3) during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Charlotte Hornets center Mark Williams (5) blocks a shot by Chicago Bulls forward Patrick Williams (44) during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Chicago Bulls guard Lonzo Ball (2) defends against Charlotte Hornets guard Vasilije Micic during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Charlotte Hornets center Mark Williams (5) defends against Chicago Bulls center Nikola Vucevic (9) during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)
Chicago Bulls guard Coby White (0) brings the ball upcourt during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Charlotte Hornets in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)

Miles Bridges had 31 points, 12 rebounds and eight assists for the Hornets (7-25), who’ve lost 16 of 17.

Trailing by 3 in regulation, Bridges missed a corner 3 to tie it and Vucevic was fouled. But the Bulls center missed both free throws, giving Charlotte another chance. This time, Bridges connected on a leaning 3-pointer with 2 seconds left to send the game into OT.

The extra period was all Chicago.

The Bulls raced to an eight-point lead as White scored on a drive and Vucevic and Craig knocked down 3s.

The Ball brothers matchup never materialized. LaMelo missed the game wrist soreness. Brandon Miller (sprained ankle) also sat for the Hornets. Zach LaVine (toe soreness) and Ayo Dosunmu (soleus strain) were out for Chicago.

Bulls: Craig didn't play in the first half, but was a huge spark after the break. He finished 6 of 10 from the field and 5 of 7 from 3-point range.

Hornets: Guard Tre Mann will miss at least another two weeks with disc irritation. Mann is averaging 14.1 points off the bench, but hasn't played since Nov. 21.

Patrick Williams knocked down a corner 3 off an assist from Lonzo Ball with 49 seconds left in overtime to push the Chicago lead to seven. He had 17 points.

LaMelo Ball has now missed 116 of Charlotte's last 196 games over the past three seasons.

The Wizards host the Bulls on Wednesday night. The Hornets visit Detroit on Friday night.

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

Chicago Bulls forward Dalen Terry (25) drives to the basket during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Charlotte Hornets in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)

Chicago Bulls guard Lonzo Ball (2) brings the ball upcourt during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Charlotte Hornets in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)

Charlotte Hornets head coach Charles Lee looks on during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Chicago Bulls in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)

Chicago Bulls forward Dalen Terry, front right, defends against Charlotte Hornets guard Seth Curry, left, during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)

Charlotte Hornets guard Vasilije Micic (22) drives to the basket while guarded by Charlotte Hornets guard DaQuan Jeffries (3) during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)

Charlotte Hornets center Mark Williams (5) blocks a shot by Chicago Bulls forward Patrick Williams (44) during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)

Chicago Bulls guard Lonzo Ball (2) defends against Charlotte Hornets guard Vasilije Micic during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)

Charlotte Hornets center Mark Williams (5) defends against Chicago Bulls center Nikola Vucevic (9) during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)

Chicago Bulls guard Coby White (0) brings the ball upcourt during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Charlotte Hornets in Charlotte, N.C., Monday, Dec. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman)

Next Article
Klopp smiles broadly as Leipzig defeats Werder Bremen 4-2 in Bundesliga
2025-01-13 00:40 Last Updated At：00:50

BERLIN (AP) — Jürgen Klopp watched with a broad smile as Leipzig defeated Werder Bremen 4-2 to reclaim fourth place in the Bundesliga on Sunday.

Klopp, the former Liverpool, Borussia Dortmund and Mainz coach, took over his new duties as Red Bull’s head of global soccer on Jan. 1 and he took the first opportunity to see the energy drinks manufacturer’s German representative in competitive action.

Klopp can have had few complaints as he watched the 21-year-old Xavi Simons open the scoring and then cancel Mitchell Weiser’s response, before Benjamin Šeško, also 21, made it 3-1 with a brilliant strike from distance after the break.

Both Xavi and Šeško fit the profile of highly talented young players that Klopp will be expected to develop and attract to the growing Red Bull stable of clubs.

Leipzig substitute Christoph Baumgartner scored in the final minute before Bremen's Oliver Burke scored in stoppage time.

Klopp was in Paris on Saturday to see second-tier Paris FC beat Amiens 1-0. Among his tasks there is turning the club into one of France’s best under the ownership of the country’s richest family, the Arnaults of luxury empire LVMH. The family’s takeover of the second-tier club includes bringing Red Bull on board as a minority stakeholder.

Leipzig has struggled so far this season, losing all its games in the Champions League and dropping points in seven of its 16 games in the Bundesliga.

Stuttgart, last season’s runner-up, was playing at Augsburg later to conclude the round.

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

Leipzig's Lois Openda controls the ball, during the German Bundesliga soccer match between RB Leipzig and SV Werder Bremen, in Leipzig, Germany, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (Jan Woitas/dpa via AP)

Leipzig's Lukas Klostermann, right and Werder's Marvin Ducksch vie for the ball, during the German Bundesliga soccer match between RB Leipzig and SV Werder Bremen, in Leipzig, Germany, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (Jan Woitas/dpa via AP)

Leipzig's Antonio Nusa, right and Werder's Derrick Köhn vie for the ball, during the German Bundesliga soccer match between RB Leipzig and SV Werder Bremen, in Leipzig, Germany, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (Jan Woitas/dpa via AP)

Leipzig's Antonio Nusa, left and Werder's Derrick Köhn vie for the ball, during the German Bundesliga soccer match between RB Leipzig and SV Werder Bremen, in Leipzig, Germany, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (Jan Woitas/dpa via AP)

Leipzig's Xavi Simons celebrates after scoring a goal, during the German Bundesliga soccer match between RB Leipzig and SV Werder Bremen, in Leipzig, Germany, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (Jan Woitas/dpa via AP)

Leipzig's Xavi Simons celebrates after scoring a goal, during the German Bundesliga soccer match between RB Leipzig and SV Werder Bremen, in Leipzig, Germany, Sunday, Jan. 12, 2025. (Jan Woitas/dpa via AP)

Recommended Articles
Vance says Jan. 6 participants who committed violence ‘obviously’ shouldn’t be pardoned
Inter bounces back from Super Cup loss to beat Venezia and close gap to Napoli
Saudi Arabia presses top EU diplomats to lift sanctions on Syria after Assad’s fall
CBS’ Jim Nantz will reach a rare broadcasting milestone when he calls his 500th NFL game Sunday
Tottenham avoids massive FA Cup shock by beating 5th-tier Tamworth after extra time
Los Angeles tree lovers hope their vital work recovers from devastating fires
New England hires former Patriots Super Bowl champ Mike Vrabel as its next coach
Hot · Posts
Today
Week
Month
Top 1

New Zealand names young pacers O'Rourke, Smith and Sears for the Champions Trophy

Top 2

Detroit Auto Show 2025 highlights future of electric vehicles

Top 3

Gaza ceasefire talks 90 pct completed: Israeli media

Top 4

Australian Open: Olympic champ Zheng Qinwen starts her bid for another final on a rainy Day 1

Top 5

Israeli senior delegation to travel to Qatar for hostage deal with Hamas

Top 6

Caroline Dubois dominates and retains title but bout ends in technical draw after head clash

Top 7

Powerful winter storm that dumped snow in US South maintains its icy grip

Top 8

Earthquake-affected villagers relocated to prefabricated houses

Top 9

Shenzhou-19 crew carry out in-orbit test of pipe inspection robot

Top 10

California wildfires cause at least 11 deaths with 13 still missing

Top 11

Russia claims controlling one more settlement in Donetsk, Ukraine says still holding Kurakhove

Top 12

Small village recovering after deadly earthquake in Xizang

Top 13

Harbin airport opens e-channels for int'l travelers to Asian Winter Games

Top 14

Winter tourism boom drives surge in sales of innovative cultural products, boosting ice, snow economy

Top 15

Construction of prefabricated houses at full pace in Xizang as cold front approaches

Blogger
admin
Bastille Commentary
Mao Paishou
Sylvia Chen
Wing Ki Wong
Mark Pinkstone
What Say You?
Ariel
Fang Chen
Yan Shu Shen
Lai See(利是)
pe_leetung
Deep Throat
Ivy Xu
pe_jason
Copyright
User Terms
Privacy Terms
Contact Us
About Us
承印人：巴士的報有限公司 （香港九龍觀塘鴻圖道81號Contempo Place 10樓B室）

© 2025 Bastillepost. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bastillepost.com/global/article/4443602-coby-white-torrey-craig-lead-the-bulls-past-the-hornets-in-overtime-115-108 
 ----- 
