Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Despite offensive skid, Mets in driver's seat of clinch combos
Share
Despite offensive skid, Mets in driver's seat of clinch combos
New York can seal a postseason berth Sunday with a win and an Arizona loss
September 29th, 2024

Anthony DiComo

@AnthonyDiComo
Share
;

8 SECONDS REMAINING

MILWAUKEE -- The good news, for the Mets, is this: despite everything, they still have a chance to clinch a playoff berth as soon as Sunday.

They have the Diamondbacks to thank for that. Not long after the Mets lost a dispiriting 6-0 game to the Brewers on Saturday, mustering just two hits against a team that has nothing tangible left to play for, Arizona lost to the Padres under similar circumstances. The Braves did win, but that’s rapidly becoming irrelevant for the Mets. All they need to do is win two of their final three games and they’ll clinch a National League Wild Card berth.

All the potential scenarios in the NL Wild Card race

If the Mets win on Sunday and the Diamondbacks lose, New York will clinch at American Family Field.

“You want to get into the playoffs, it’s a tough thing to do,” Mets outfielder Brandon Nimmo said. “You have to overcome the best.”

Complete coverage: Mets' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

At this point though, the Mets might not actually have to. Their body of work from late March through late September -- or more specifically, from May 30 through Sept. 22, a stretch that saw them produce the best record in the Major Leagues -- could be enough.

New York entered this weekend needing any combination of four wins or Diamondbacks losses to clinch the playoffs. While they haven’t held up their end of the bargain, losing two consecutive games to a Brewers team that’s in full-scale postseason prep mode, the D-backs have made life easy on them. Two straight losses to the Padres, who also have nothing left to play for (and who, unlike the Brewers, rested many of their starters Saturday), have put Arizona on the brink of elimination.

That’s good news for the Mets, who would love nothing more than to avoid needing to win one or both of their scheduled doubleheader games in Atlanta on Monday. In addition to the stress of playing multiple must-win games on short sleep in a single day, the Mets could benefit significantly by not having to pitch their best arms in those contests -- if Commissioner Rob Manfred deems them necessary at all.

Related
Peterson among 6 Mets to avoid arbitration with 1-year contracts

January 9th, 2025

'I don't take it lightly': Wright humbled as he looks toward Mets immortality

January 8th, 2025

Horwitz lauds 'one of a kind' Wright for earning Mets honor

January 7th, 2025

Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

But that’s a conversation for later this weekend. The reality is if the Mets don’t start playing better, they won’t last long in the postseason regardless of how they make it.

After Jose Iglesias singled with one out in the first inning Saturday, the Mets didn’t record another hit until Starling Marte led off the fifth with a double. Six Brewers pitchers shut down the Mets in total, allowing four baserunners. As Pete Alonso, who’s in a 2-for-22 slump with nine strikeouts, put it: “Offense, we didn’t do our part.”

“We’re in the big leagues,” Alonso added. “We’re going to face good pitching every single day. Tomorrow, we’re just going to have to figure out a way to do it.”

Sunday, though, has the potential to be a big day for the Mets. Monday does, too.

The Mets can clinch on Sunday with a win and a Diamondbacks loss.
If both the Mets and Diamondbacks win or lose on Sunday, the Mets could clinch with a single win in their doubleheader Monday.
Even if the Mets lose and the Diamondbacks win on Sunday, the Mets could still make the playoffs by sweeping the Braves in the doubleheader.
Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

It may not be an ideal situation, but the math says that under these conditions, the Mets should head to the playoffs far more often than not. Pressure aside, it’s not a bad place to be.

“You try and just focus on today, but you know there’s an end,” Nimmo said. “You don’t have the luxury of time that you do in June or July, but I think there’s enough mature guys in here who just come to the park and try and win today. There’s enough worries and problems for today that … you just leave tomorrow for tomorrow. Otherwise, you kind of go crazy.”

Neither Alonso nor manager Carlos Mendoza believes the Mets are getting tight at a crucial time of year. The next two days will give them a chance to prove it.

“Not winning the past couple of days has put us in a difficult situation here, but we’ve got to come back tomorrow and we have to win a game tomorrow,” Mendoza said. “That’s the bottom line.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Mets

Senior Reporter Anthony DiComo has covered the Mets for MLB.com since 2007.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/mets-shut-out-by-brewers-nl-wild-card-race-tightens 
 ----- 
