Sections
LOG IN
Show Search

LIVE COVERAGE

10 dead, more than 9,000 structures damaged or destroyed, but firefighters make progress on L.A. wildfires
ADVERTISEMENT
CLIPPERS
Clippers-Nuggets takeaways: Norman Powell has best night as a Clipper
Norman Powell celebrates the Clippers’ win pver the Nuggets after scoring 22 of his 37 points in the fourth quarter Saturday afternoon in Denver. (Jack Dempsey / Associated Press)
By Broderick Turner
Staff Writer
Follow
Oct. 27, 2024 4:30 AM PT
Share

DENVER —  Norman Powell grabbed his bag and placed it over his shoulder, a smile on his face, his huge night a primary reason why the Clippers had defeated the Denver Nuggets.

As he began to walk away, Powell turned back to the media, saying he remembered when he played Portland for the first time since being traded to L.A., a game in which he scored 22 points in the fourth, a career best for a quarter.

He did it again Saturday night. When asked about it, Powell said he was unaware.

“I guess,” Powell said. “Ya’ll got to tell me.”

He laughed.

CLIPPERS

Norman Powell scores 37 in Clippers’ win over the Nuggets
Oct. 26, 2024

It was a night of nights for Powell. His team-high 37 points were the most he has scored with the Clippers.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Just staying in the moment, being aggressive, man,” Powell said. “We didn’t want to lose. So, whatever that looked like, being aggressive on the attacks, on my shots, on my reads, whatever it was, doing whatever it took to help us get a win. That was my main focus — make an impact and make plays.”

Powell did so in the most effective way. He was eight for nine from the field in the fourth quarter, making all four shots from three-point range. His last three tied the game with 53 seconds left.

For the game, he was 14 for 21 from the field and seven for 11 from three-point range.

At what point, Powell was asked, did he know he had it going?

“I was making shots,” he said. “So, you know you are going well when you are making shots. But I wasn’t thinking about it. I was just focusing on what the next play was, what the next read was and really just staying in the moment. I don’t think about how much I’m scoring or what’s going on, missed shots, made shots, good games, bad games. The focus is to stay even, stay even-keel, stay balanced and focus on what I got to do to help this team win.”

ADVERTISEMENT

When the Clippers opened training camp, Powell said his goal was to be a starter. He had been a very good sixth man for the Clippers but he was looking for more. And Saturday night, Powell showed his worth as a starter.

“It just shows the work, the commitment to getting better, the commitment to myself and the belief in myself, belief in the coaches and the organization having me step into the role,” Powell said. “But it’s what I expect of myself every night. It’s what I work for. I’ve been ready for this.”

Here are two more takeaways from the Clippers’ 109-104 win:

Harden finishes strong
Clippers guard James Harden, driving to the basket against Nuggets guard Christian Braun, had eight of his 23 points and three of his 16 assists down the stretch of the fourth quarter Saturday. (Jack Dempsey / Associated Press)
ADVERTISEMENT

As James Harden sat on the bench in the fourth quarter, watching his team teeter, he would lean forward and look at the coaching staff. When the Clippers got down by four points, James entered with 7:06 remaining. He took the controls and guided his team to the finish line.

Harden was six for six from the free-throw line, had three assists and eight points in his final shift. He finished with 23 points and 16 assists.

“I always want to play. I don’t remember that moment, but I always want to play,” he said. “I just love to hoop, I love to compete, I love to play the game of basketball at the highest level. You know what I mean?

“So, the NBA season is back. We got Game 2 on the road, against one of the best teams we have in this entire league. ... The guys did a really good job of just maintaining their composure and finishing the game.”

Harden missed one of two free throws that could have tied Wednesday’s season opener against the Phoenix Suns in overtime. He did not falter this time.

Harden’s two free throws with 30.5 seconds left gave the Clippers a two-point lead and his two free throws with 14.3 seconds left gave them a three-point lead.

“Just making them,” Harden said.

Zubac has strong game

He shook his head several times and laughed, probably because that’s all Clippers center Ivica Zubac could do when asked what it was like competing against Nikola Jokic, Denver’s otherworldly center.

Jokic had 41 points. He was seven for 12 from three-point range.

Jokic was everything Zubac and the Clippers expected from the NBA’s three-time most valuable player.

“He’s got so much to his game,” Zubac said. “He’s just tough. There’s so much stuff they can throw out there, so many different plays for him in so many different spots. You’ve got to be ready for anything.”

Zubac, however, was a force in his own right. He produced a double-double with 24 points and 15 rebounds.

With Kawhi Leonard out because of inflammation in his right knee, Zubac knows there is a void to be filled.

“That’s gonna be one of the things this season, just being more aggressive on offense,” Zubac said. “We need it, especially now with Kawhi out. We’re gonna need everybody to be more aggressive on offense, take their shots.”

It marked the first time in his nine-year career he has scored 20-plus points in back-to-back games. Zubac had 21 points in the Clippers’ loss to the Suns.

“Just play the game,” Zubac said. “I think now I’m gonna get the looks, touches, and we’re gonna run some plays for me, guys are looking for me. I’ll be out there for a lot of minutes, so not force anything. Just let the game come to me, play in the flow of the game and whatever it is.

“Some nights, it might not be 20. Some nights it might be less, but just play in the flow of the game. Make the right play, make the right reads. Sometimes it might be 20, sometimes it might be eight, 12, whatever it is. Just play the right way.”

More to Read
Kawhi-less Clippers are routed by the Jokic-less Nuggets
Jan. 8, 2025
Norman Powell’s return and James Harden’s 37 points push Clippers past the Nuggets
Dec. 1, 2024
Ivica Zubac’s continued improvement is making an impact for Clippers
Oct. 29, 2024
CLIPPERS
Newsletter

Get our high school sports newsletter

Prep Rally is devoted to the SoCal high school sports experience, bringing you scores, stories and a behind-the-scenes look at what makes prep sports so popular.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

Broderick Turner
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Broderick Turner is a Los Angeles Times reporter who covers the Los Angeles Lakers and Clippers.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Late Laker Darius Morris’ dad, brother sentenced to prison for money order thefts of $5 million
Jan. 9, 2025

CLIPPERS

Clippers can’t recover after giving up 19-point lead in loss to Timberwolves
Jan. 6, 2025

CLIPPERS

Kawhi Leonard scores 12 points in his return as Clippers dominate Hawks
Jan. 5, 2025

CLIPPERS

Clippers star Kawhi Leonard will make his season debut Saturday
Jan. 4, 2025
Subscribers are Reading
Shocking before-and-after satellite images show destruction of Malibu and Altadena neighborhoods
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
These are the Malibu and Altadena restaurants damaged or destroyed by ongoing L.A. fires
Los Angeles has never seen this level of destruction: ‘Everything is burned down’
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Latest Clippers
With James Harden out, Clippers fade as Thunder win to set franchise record
Jan. 2, 2025
Clippers can’t keep pace with Spurs on second night of back-to-back games
Dec. 31, 2024
Norman Powell and James Harden power Clippers to win over Pelicans
Dec. 30, 2024
Norman Powell and Clippers beat slumping Warriors for third time this season
Dec. 27, 2024
Clippers: Kawhi Leonard’s progress ‘really good’ but he’s still not ready to return
Dec. 26, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/clippers/story/2024-10-27/los-angeles-clippers-denver-nuggets-nba-game-analysis 
 ----- 
