NEWSLETTERS
NBA News
Home
Teams
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Oct 23, 2024; Miami, Florida, USA; Miami Heat president Pat Riley addresses the crowd during the Pat Riley Court dedication ceremony at halftime at Kaseya Center. Mandatory Credit: Jim Rassol-Imagn Images Jim Rassol-Imagn Images
Miami Heat Blown Out In Season-Opening Loss To Orlando Magic
Originally posted on Miami Heat on SI
By Shandel Richardson  |  Last updated Oct 23, 2024 10:27 PM ET

The night began as a celebration for Miami Heat team president Pat Riley.

It ended with an ugly loss to the Orlando Magic in the season opener at Kaseya Center.

On the night the Heat named the court after Riley, they were blown out 116-97 Wednesday. The poor performance spoiled the night.

The Heat had no answer for the tandem of Paolo Banchero and Franz Wagner. Banchero finished with 33 points and 11 rebounds while Wagner had 23 points on 10 of 16 shooting.

The Heat sputtered on offense, shooting just 38 percent from the field. Guard Terry Rozier led the way with 19 points, but stars Bam Adebayo, Jimmy Butler and Tyler Herro all struggled. Adebayo and Butler combined to shoot 2 of 13 for 12 points while Herro finished with 14 points.

The game was a reminder of the Heat choosing to keep the same roster this offseason instead of making moves during free agency. The positive was the organization put on a solid ceremony for Riley, who transformed the Heat in the mid 1990s.

An expansion franchise, the Heat has become arguably one of the top franchises in league history. Since Riley's arrival, they have won three championships in seven appearances in the NBA Finals. Much of that can be attributed to Riley because of his ability to attract players like LeBron James, Shaquille O'Neal and Chris Bosh.

This article first appeared on Miami Heat on SI and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Scrappy Magic to get massive upgrade with return of injured All-Star
Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player
The '2024 NBA All-Stars' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NBA Quiz
The 'NBA lottery era Rookie of the Year' quiz
NBA
Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player
NBA
Former first-round pick makes case for NBA return with strong G…
NBA
Knicks Rookie Turning Heads in Limited Role

Rookie forward Pacome Dadiet isn't getting much playing time with the New York Knicks, but he is still making strides in his development. The No. 25 overall pick from France is still just 19 years old, but he is making an impression on some of his older teammates, including veteran Josh Hart. “He’ll be good. He’s a hard worker, always trying to get better physically and mentally. But you know how it is. He’s a rookie, man. Sometimes you’ve just gotta develop, bide your time, and when the opportunity comes, you seize it," Hart said h/t Posting and Toasting. “Obviously it’s tough because you’re relying on guys that haven’t been there before, so you don’t know how they’re going to be. So it’s all part of a process. When he gets his opportunities, he’s gotta go out there and use em.” Dadiet has played in 12 games for the Knicks this season, almost exclusively in garbage time. He's averaging 1.6 points per game and hasn't been on the court since Dec. 19 against the Minnesota Timberwolves. Dadiet has spent most of his time in the G League with the Westchester Knicks, and coach Tom Thibodeau believes that's the best place for him to be right now. “What the G League does is give [Pacome] an opportunity to get game minutes," Thibodeau said. “Study, prepare, and keep getting better.” Dadiet has played in 14 games for the Knicks G League affiliate, where he has been able to get a lot more playing time than he would in the NBA. That should come in handy down the line when he is far more ready to make a contribution for the Knicks in the Association. The Knicks are back on the court tomorrow night against Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and the Oklahoma City Thunder.

NBA
Kings-Celtics Injury Report: De'Aaron Fox Status Revealed
The 25 worst NBA contracts ever signed
NBA
76ers cut son of Cavaliers legend
NBA
Who Are Pacers Expected to Replace Myles Turner With?
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys React to Cooper Rush's Parting Message After…
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?
The greatest high school basketball teams of all time (non-prep school)
NHL
Red Wings make two big roster moves
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…
NHL
Canadiens Provide Clarification on the Real Reason for Patrik…

The Montreal Canadiens' forward Patrik Laine is currently missing from the lineup. Unfortunately, tomorrow he will have to miss a fourth consecutive game. Over the past few hours, numerous theories have circulated regarding the true reason for Laine's current absence, and some fans were particularly concerned about his knee. However, the Canadiens' organization has just provided clarification. The real reason for Patrik Laine's absence at the moment, and the real reason he is not accompanying the team to Washington, is that he is still not at 100%. A clarification regarding Patrik Laine See what the excellent journalist Eric Engels published. The Canadiens indicated that Patrik Laine skated alone, but he is not yet back to 100%. He has been absent since the end of last week due to 'flu-like symptoms.' - Eric Engels And the clarification in question: For those wondering, the Habs say there is no other issue preventing Laine from playing at the moment. - Eric Engels So the virus is the only reason for his absence. We wish him a quick return to 100%, and it's obviously good news to learn that everything else is fine for Patty. Let's remember, earlier today, the Canadiens announced that Patrik Laine will not travel with the team to Washington for tomorrow's game. Laine, 26 years old, 6 feet 4 inches, and 208 pounds, has 10 points in 13 games this season with the Canadiens, including 8 goals.

General Sports
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NHL
PK Subban clears the air following Auston Matthews' bizarre goal…
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…
NHL
Gary Bettman and the NHL Looking To Make Major CBA Change…

Frank Vatrano recently inked an extension in Anaheim, but with $9 million of deferred money, Commissioner Gary Bettman and the NHL seemingly aren't very happy. The NHL has seen some interesting and very unique contracts over the years, and recently another was signed, as the Anaheim Ducks inked forward Frank Vatrano to a three-year extension, keeping him in Anaheim until he hits 34-years of age. The interesting part of the deal however was the deferred money involved, as both parties looked to get around California state taxes as Vatrano will be paid $900,000 per year from 2035 to 2045, totalling $9 million which will be taxed a lot less if he's out of California by then. While many people found the deal interesting, many also wondered how the league would feel about it, and while they obviously approved it as this breaks no current CBA laws, Elliotte Friedman has revealed that they weren't happy about it, and could look to change that CBA when negotiations for a new deal begin. "While the NHL approved the [Vatrano deferred salary] contract, it is not crazy about these deals and will discuss eliminating them as part of upcoming CBA negotiations." While this seemingly does give teams a way to get around taxes in their current state, that's something that places like Nevada and Florida already get around with no state-tax, so it's unclear exactly why the NHL see this as such an issue. Ultimately though, this was a great deal for Vatrano, as he's still getting paid great money during his playing days in Anaheim, and if any other California teams want to get around this in the same way, it appears as though they have a limited time as the CBA expires in 2025/26, and as of right now, signs point towards the league outlawing this type of deal.

NFL
Colts make huge Anthony Richardson decision ahead of…
The 25 worst trades in the history of the NFL
NFL
Report reveals why Raiders fired GM Tom…
NHL
Maple Leafs Make Bold Move: Fringe Forward Replaces Veteran Max…
College Football
Georgia QB's change of plans sends shockwaves through college…
NFL
3 Best Trade Destinations for Patriots QB Joe Milton
College Football
No. 1 running back in transfer portal commits to college football…
The 20 best Tom Hardy performances
NFL Quiz
The 'Active NFL wild-card rushing leaders'…
NFL
Falcons GM makes surprising Kirk Cousins admission
NHL
Vancouver Canucks Confirm Surprising Roster Move with…

The Vancouver Canucks are on the verge of regaining a crucial piece of their blue line. Filip Hronek, the team's No. 2 defenseman, has been assigned to the AHL's Abbotsford Canucks for a conditioning stint, signaling that his return to the NHL lineup is imminent. Hronek has been out of action since sustaining a lower body injury during a game against the Pittsburgh Penguins on November 27. Following the injury, he underwent a procedure on December 3, with a recovery timeline initially set at eight weeks. The move to Abbotsford suggests he is making significant strides in his rehabilitation. This season, Hronek has played a pivotal role as the primary defense partner of Canucks captain Quinn Hughes. In 21 games, he tallied one goal and eight assists, bringing stability and offensive prowess to the team's back end. His absence has been felt, with the Canucks' defense struggling at times to maintain its form without his strong two-way play. Hronek's impact last season was undeniable, as he set career highs with 43 assists and 48 points. The Canucks acquired him in March 2023 in a trade with the Detroit Red Wings, who had drafted him 53rd overall in 2016. Recognizing his value, Vancouver signed Hronek to an eight-year, $58 million contract last offseason, solidifying his role as a cornerstone of the team's defense. For a Canucks team currently vying for playoff positioning, Hronek's return couldn't come at a better time. His ability to contribute at both ends of the ice will provide a much-needed boost as the team gears up for a challenging stretch of the season. Fans will be eagerly watching his performance in Abbotsford, hoping to see him back in a Vancouver jersey soon and ready to make an impact alongside Hughes once again.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More NBA News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/miami_heat_blown_out_in_season_opening_loss_to_orlando_magic/s1_16619_41112556 
 ----- 
