Skip to content
Subscribe Now
31°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime & Public Safety
Your Tax Dollars At Work
Massachusetts
Nation
World
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Columnists
Traffic
Automotive
Real Estate
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Submit a Letter
Sports
Sports
Boston Red Sox
New England Patriots
Boston Celtics
Boston Bruins
Olympics
College Sports
High School Sports
Politics
Politics
Donald Trump
Election 2024
State House
Boston City Hall
Entertainment
Entertainment
Arts
Movies
TV and Streaming
Music and Concerts
Events
Fun & Games
Contests
Comics
Puzzles
Special Sections
Lifestyle
Lifestyle
Restaurants Food & Drink
Travel
Fashion
Boston Herald Store
Photo
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Login

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Judge sentences Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment January 10, 2025 at 12:04 pm
SPORTSNBABOSTON CELTICS
Youngest Celtics player ‘exceptional’ off bench in win over Bucks
Jordan Walsh #27 of the Boston Celtics gets tangled up with Brook Lopez #11 of the Milwaukee Bucks during the first half of the NBA game at the TD Garden. (Photo By Matt Stone/Boston Herald)
By ZACK COX
UPDATED: October 29, 2024 at 12:50 PM EDT

When Sam Hauser went down with the back injury that’s now sidelined him for three straight games, Celtics coach Joe Mazzulla said the plan to replace one of his top reserves would vary each night.

On Monday, it included Boston’s youngest player for the first time.

Jordan Walsh saw the biggest minutes of his NBA career against the Milwaukee Bucks and earned applause for his performance in a 119-108 win at TD Garden.

“I thought Jordan played great,” Jaylen Brown said. “His minutes were exceptional for our team. He made some big-time offensive rebounds, had some big defensive possessions. Credit to him being ready. Big game, big moment for a young player playing against a potential playoff matchup. I thought he added and contributed to us getting a win tonight.”

Walsh, who spent most of his rookie season in the G League, missed two open 3-pointers in the first quarter but helped fuel a third-quarter run that broke the game open. The 20-year-old forward grabbed defensive rebounds on back-to-back Bucks possessions, then tipped in a missed Derrick White 3-pointer to put the Celtics up 87-80.

RELATED ARTICLES
Joe Mazzulla calls Jayson Tatum ‘one of the best Celtics of all time’ after ‘soft’ slight
How game vs. Payton Pritchard showed Derrick White his NBA potential
Kristaps Porzingis follows up season-best game with bold Celtics prediction
Celtics survive scare, beat Nikola Jokic-less Nuggets to cap 3-1 road trip
Joe Mazzulla has blunt reaction to Jerod Mayo’s Patriots firing

By the time Boston’s regulars exited the game, the Celtics had outscored the Bucks by 15 points with Walsh on the floor. That number dropped to plus-10 after a few late buckets by Milwaukee backups but still was tied for third-best on the team behind Jayson Tatum (plus-18) and Payton Pritchard (plus-12).

“He played well,” Jrue Holiday said. “He came in and played some big minutes against a good team. I think seeing Jordan getting out there, getting some reps, playing great even though he probably wanted to knock down a couple more shots, but you see what type of player he is. And that’s just a testament to him putting in the work, him taking his time and being able to go out there and concentrate. Again off the court, he acts the same way, very under control, and he does what he’s supposed to do.”

After Walsh’s rough showing at the Las Vegas Summer League, Mazzulla urged him to focus on the less flashy, dirty-work elements of his game. The 2023 second-round pick bought in and enjoyed a surprisingly impressive preseason, winning the end-of-the-rotation spot previously occupied by departed free agent Oshae Brissett.

The head coach didn’t call on Walsh in the first three regular-season games — the 2023 second-round pick only played in garbage time as Boston leaned more on double-big lineups in Hauser’s absence — but believed he handled his increased role well on Monday.

“I told Jordan in the locker room: I think just finding out a role and making big-time plays like that is huge,” Mazzulla said. “I thought he had a great defensive play on Giannis (Antetokounmpo) in the post, taking away his tendency, and got fouled going up for an offensive rebound. I mean, you have to win games like that, especially against good teams. Sometimes it’s going to be gritty. It’s got to be ugly. So I thought they did a good job of doing that.”

Originally Published: October 29, 2024 at 8:54 AM EDT
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Why Hgtv Star Christina Hall Loves This 1-day Bath Remodel
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Ribili
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Iowa: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
Sneaky Way Iowa Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
The Surprising Link Between Your Pillowcase and Aging
Blissy
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Health Trition
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Bra Designed by The 60-year-old Grandma Are Taking Iowa by Storm!
Libiyi
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Put a Ziplock Bag Over Your Car Mirror, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This
Sugar Defender
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
Put an Ice Cube in Your Burgers and Watch What Happens!
Health Review
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Revelation That Will Change Everything!
Tardive
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in Council Bluffs Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
Signals of Tnbc You Shouldn't Ignore! (Discover More)
Breast Cancer I Search Ads
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
When Neuropathy Hits, Try This (It's Genius!)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Remember John Connor's Actor: This is What He is Doing Now
kickass
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Swelling & Trapped Fluid? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Edema
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Erase Eye Bags Overnight With This Unexpected Household Item
Health News | Skin
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Most Popular
TRENDING NOW
TikTok could be banned this month. Here’s what users can do to prepare
Joe Mazzulla calls Jayson Tatum ‘one of the best Celtics of all time’ after ‘soft’ slight
Howie Carr: Migrant bait-and-switch by Dems
Inside the Patriots’ 2024 season, Jerod Mayo’s firing and a franchise’s continued fall
Two Patriots players honored with NFL All-Pro selections
Prosecutors seek 15 years in prison for former New Jersey Sen. Bob Menendez after bribery conviction
Trump can still vote after sentencing, but can’t own a gun and will have to turn over DNA sample
Massachusetts Macy’s store shutting down amid nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
Moore: Why America is in so much trouble
Dear Abby: Arrest reveals family’s child porn perv
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN BOSTON CELTICS
How game vs. Payton Pritchard showed Derrick White his NBA potential
Kristaps Porzingis follows up season-best game with bold Celtics prediction
Celtics survive scare, beat Nikola Jokic-less Nuggets to cap 3-1 road trip
Joe Mazzulla has blunt reaction to Jerod Mayo’s Patriots firing
2024
October
29
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS
e-Edition
Send a News Tip
CONTACT US
Boston Herald Store/Back Copies
Work With Us
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Contests
Special Sections
Fun & Games
Jobs
BUSINESS DIRECTORY
Network Advertising
Adtaxi Solutions
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Informatio
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bostonherald.com/2024/10/29/youngest-celtics-player-exceptional-off-bench-in-win-over-bucks/ 
 ----- 
