Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Boston Celtics
TEAM
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
NEWS
COMMUNITY
JR. CELTICS
ENTERTAINMENT
STORE
FANS
Pritchard’s Long-Range Hucks Stun the Bucks
Taylor Snow●@taylorcsnow
Sr. Writer
October 29, 20241:31 AM EDT

BOSTON – Doc Rivers circled Payton Pritchard’s name Monday morning, labeling him as “the game-changer.” Someone his Bucks should keep an eye on later that night at TD Garden.

The circle didn’t do much help.

Pritchard erupted for 28 points in 28 minutes off the bench while knocking down 8-of-12 from 3-point range, tying Eddie House’s franchise record for threes made by a reserve. The Bucks had prepared for him, yet they still didn’t have an answer for him, and they paid the price in a 119-108 defeat at TD Garden.

“We talked about it before the game started,” Bucks guard Damian Lillard confirmed. “Like, we can’t let him come in and have that type of impact on the game. And he came out and had that type of impact on the game.”

Pritchard kept the Celtics afloat early in the game when some of his teammates were struggling to find their shots, as he finished the first half with 19 points. He had them soaring by the end of the third quarter when he knocked down one of his patented buzzer-beater threes to give Boston a 90-82 lead.

Everyone in the arena knew that the shot was coming. That included Rivers, who was bent over in gut-wrenching anticipation for the duration of Pritchard’s six-second sprint up-court, looking like he didn’t want to witness the inevitable. He watched out of the corner of his eye as Pritchard rose up, and then turned his gaze to the floor when the ball came down through the net. 

“It’s a gut punch when you do hit them,” Pritchard said.

But they come as no surprise at this point. Everyone in the world knows he can hit them after he knocked down multiple halfcourt buzzer-beaters in the playoffs last spring, including the NBA Championship-sealing dagger against the Mavericks in Game 5. 

Pritchard claims he never practices those shots; they just come naturally when the lights are shining down and he’s in the zone.

“I live for those moments,” he said. “The clock winding down, just to get to a spot and raise. I kind of blackout in those moments and just let it fly. And obviously, it works out a lot of the time for me.”

Pritchard’s shot in general has been working out for him lately. He’s knocked down 18-of-29 from long distance over the last three games while scoring a total of 62 points. He’s playing like a Sixth Man of the Year frontrunner with the confidence of an MVP.

“The kid is just a competitor,” Celtics head coach Joe Mazzulla said. “I just love watching him play.”

The same could be said by nearly every person in the arena Monday night. Every person except for Rivers and his Bucks.

“He’s just tough. A little tough dude,” said Rivers. “He’s that little pest that just gets under everybody’s skin, that keeps coming, gritty, smart. But he’s talented. And he shoots the hell out of the ball.”

So circle Pritchard's name if you must. But that won't stop him from sending the ball through the circle.

Tags
Postgame
Regular Season
Sidebar
DAMIAN LILLARD
PAYTON PRITCHARD
TEAM
Roster
Coaching Staff
NBA Statistics
NBA Standings
Parquet Magazine
2023‑24 Yearbook
Partners
Careers
Contact Us
TICKETS
Individual Game Tickets
Suite Rentals
Rafters Memberships
Season Ticket Wait List
Suite Memberships
Premium Seating
Group Tickets
Mobile Ticketing Guide
Account Manager
Virtual Seating Map
SCHEDULE
2024‑25 Season Schedule
2024‑25 Specialty Nights
Add to Calendar
Printable Schedule
2023‑24 Season Results
2022‑23 Season Results
NEWS
Club Green Emails
Celtics Insiders Central
Banner 18 Oral History
Articles
Videos
Podcasts
Photos
Los Celtics
Post Ups Notebook
NEBH Injury Report
Game Notes
YouTube
Official Mobile App
COMMUNITY
Make A Donation
Request A Donation
50/50 Raffle
Heroes Among Us
STORE
MORE
Fan Insights Initiative
Club Green Emails
Text Alerts
Jr. Celtics
Entertainment
Celtics.com/Shop
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/celtics/news/sidebar-post-20241028-pritchards-long-range-hucks-stun-the-bucks 
 ----- 
