Skip to main content
CelticsBlog homepage
a Boston Celtics community
Follow CelticsBlog online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
CelticsBlog main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

CELTICS NEWS
Jaylen Brown shows why he makes his money in the paint in big second half vs. Bucks

Sources say 2024-25 will be the year of flexing.

By Sam LaFrance@SamLaFranceNBA  Oct 29, 2024, 8:00am EDT  24 Comments / 24 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options

At the halftime buzzer Monday, Jaylen Brown was 2-8 and had just nine points against the Milwaukee Bucks and his team was down by one. The Boston Celtics star looked like an entirely different man in the second half.

He finished the night with 30 points and shot a crisp 8-11 from the floor after the break. It was clear that Boston needed something from someone not named Payton Pritchard and Jaylen stepped up.

It was 24 minutes of him just giving the Bucks buckets.

“Jaylen is just a guy who can score in a bunch of ways,” said head coach Joe Mazzulla. “I think Jaylen has the ability to just stay right (in the game), and you know, he picks and chooses his spots really well. He knows when to take over a game and he knows when to get to his spot... I just like seeing him pick his spots well and he did a great job of that in the second half.”

The player that we all saw on Monday is the same guy who had a monster close to the 2023-24 season and then won both playoff MVP awards. Brown just decided he was stronger than everyone and couldn’t be stopped.

“A lot of my shots come in the paint,” Brown said. “I feel great about that over the course of (a year). I’ve been efficient for the last few years so... Going forward, that’s where I make money living in the paint.”

Tonight was all money.

This was not like Opening Night against the New York Knicks. This game, despite being a double-digit victory, was one that the Celtics had to battle for. During one of the most important stretches of that battle, Brown made seven straight shots to help propel the Cs to their fourth win in as many games this season.

At some point in the third quarter, JB clearly decided that it was winning time and went to work. From that point on, it was either a signature turnaround from the left elbow or a strong finish through Milwaukee’s tough paint defense.

Just take a look at this, this is bully ball:

The above looks like the basketball equivalent to hitting an insane combo on Mortal Kombat. It was just blow after blow to the Bucks and they had nothing for JB.

According to him, this will be a year full of flexing.

MORE FROM CELTICSBLOG
When Jayson Tatum gets more usage, the Celtics win
Luke Kornet is better than you think
Boston Celtics Daily Links 1/9/25
Is now the moment to make a move for Jimmy Butler?
Souvenirs from Celtics’ 3-1 trip out west
The Celtics are really good — no matter how they ‘feel’
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Celtics Blog Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Boston Celtics news from Celtics Blog
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.celticsblog.com/2024/10/29/24282374/boston-celtics-milwaukee-bucks-jaylen-brown-payton-pritchard-nba 
 ----- 
