Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Final days of our appeal
Make a year-end gift now to fund our journalism
Support us
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
View image in fullscreen
South Korea’s players erupt with joy as Saudia Arabia’s despair at the end of the Asian Cup last-16 tie penalty shootout. Photograph: Thaier al-Sudani/Reuters
Asian Cup
 This article is more than 10 months old
South Korea progress in Asian Cup after Saudi Arabia crumble in shootout
This article is more than 10 months old
Saudi Arabia 1-1 South Korea (aet; 2-4 pens)
Jürgen Klinsmann’s side set up quarter-final against Australia
Reuters
Tue 30 Jan 2024 15.35 EST
Share
44

South Korea beat Saudi Arabia 4-2 in a penalty shootout to advance to the Asian Cup quarter-finals after a thrilling last-16 tie ended 1-1 after extra time at Education City Stadium.

After South Korea’s Cho Gue-sung equalised in second-half added time to cancel out Abdullah Radif’s opener, Sami al-Najei and Abdulrahman Ghareeb had their penalties saved by Jo Hyeon-woo to send South Korea through.

Asian Cup last 16: Jordan through after last-gasp double as Qatar survive scare
Read more

“I had confidence that I could make some saves for my team. I’m happy I could take my team through to the next round,” Jo told reporters.

South Korea converted all their penalties to advance but they will have only two days to recover after playing 120 minutes, with their quarter-final against 2015 champions Australia taking place on Friday.

“That’s the reason why I badly wanted to win our group,” South Korea coach Jürgen Klinsmann said. “Some people said I was happy not to top the group and avoid Japan. We didn’t win the group and we’ve paid the price. But this win has given this team more spirit. I enjoy coaching this group and they badly want to do well for their country. We wanted to win before penalties, we didn’t count on a shootout.

“We will recover because we have a good atmosphere. We’re looking forward to Australia, they won 4-0 [against Indonesia]. This win tonight gives us a lot of optimism, belief and energy – which we will need to beat Australia.”

“Asia is Green” read a banner alongside one with a player in a Saudi kit crouching with one hand on the Asian Cup trophy, as the vocal fans bouncing in the stands created an atmosphere that felt like a home game for Roberto Mancini’s side. Yet it was the South Korean team playing in bright orange that prevailed after the Gulf nation and three-time champions ran out of gas in the dying stages of the match and crumbled under the pressure.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Football Daily

Free daily newsletter

Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

Saudi Arabia had the best chance of the first half when two headers from a corner crashed off the crossbar while a third destined for the top corner was parried away by goalkeeper Jo. At the other end, Son Heung-min was put through on goal twice but his tame efforts were easily saved as the half ended goalless.

Explore more on these topics
Asian Cup
Saudi Arabia
South Korea
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/2024/jan/30/saudi-arabia-south-korea-asian-cup-last-16-match-report 
 ----- 
