Skip to content

Twitter
Facebook
Language
HOME
What’s New
National Report
Politics
Business
Asia & World
Sci & Tech
Culture
Travel
Sports
Opinion
Special

The Asahi Shimbun

>

Sports

>

article

SOCCER/ Klinsmann’s South Korea advances after beating Mancini’s Saudi Arabia in shootout

THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

January 31, 2024 at 15:00 JST

Share
Tweet
list
Print

South Korea's Hwang Hee-Chan, right, scores the winning penalty in a penalty shootout at the end of the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Saudi Arabia and South Korea, at the Education City Stadium in Al Rayyan, Qatar, Jan. 30, 2024. (AP Photo)

AL-RAYYAN, Qatar--Jurgen Klinsmann overcame Roberto Mancini in a battle of European soccer greats as South Korea advanced to the quarterfinals of the Asian Cup on penalties against Saudi Arabia on Tuesday.

South Korea won 4-2 in the shootout after the round-of-16 match had ended 1-1 after extra time.

Defeat will be particularly hard for Mancini to take as Saudi Arabia led 1-0 deep into stoppage time at Education City Stadium through Abdullah Radif’s 46th-minute strike.

Cho Gue-sung leveled the game in the ninth minute of second-half stoppage time to send it into extra time and South Korea goalkeeper Jo Hyeon-woo was the hero in the shootout when saving penalties from Sami Al Naji and Abdulrahman Ghareeb. Hwang Hee-chan converted the winner from the spot.

Hwang has good memories of Education City, having scored a stoppage-time winner against Portugal to advance to the knockout stage of the 2022 World Cup.

On this occasion it was his spot kick that sent his country through to the last eight and a match against Australia on Friday.

South Korea coach Klinsmann won the World Cup and European Championship as a player for Germany. As coach he led the U.S. to CONCACAF Gold Cup triumph in 2013 and is now in contention to guide another country to a major international title at the Asian Cup.

For Mancini — who coached Italy to Euro 2020 triumph by beating England on penalties in the final - there will be frustration after relinquishing the lead so late.

Saudi Arabia could have led by halftime but saw two headers come back off the bar in quick succession - first from Saleh Al Shehri and then Ali Lajami on the rebound.

Mancini’s team opened the scoring soon after the break through substitute Radif, who had just come on.

In a frantic finale to regulation time, South Korea substitute Cho hit the bar with a header in the third minute of stoppages. He made no mistake with another header six minutes later.

Two-time winner South Korea is aiming to lift the trophy for the first time since 1960.

UZBEKISTAN ADVANCES

Abbosbek Fayzullayev fired Uzbekistan into the quarterfinals after beating Thailand 2-1.

Victory in the round-of-16 match at Al Janoub Stadium set up a clash with host and defending champion Qatar.

Uzbekistan has never won the Asian Cup, but this is the fifth time in the last six tournaments it has advanced to the quarterfinals. Its best performance was the semifinals in 2011, when the Asian Cup was last staged in Qatar.

Azizbek Turgunboev put Uzbekistan ahead in the 37th. Controlling Diyor Kholmatov’s diagonal pass on his chest, he volleyed low past Thailand goalkeeper Patiwat Khammai.

Thailand equalized through Supachok Sarachat’s curling effort from outside the box in the 58th.

But it took just seven more minutes for Uzbekistan to regain the lead with what proved to be the decisive goal from Fayzullayev, who struck from distance to beat Khammai.

Uzbekistan plays Qatar on Saturday at Al Bayt Stadium.

Related News

SOCCER/ South Korea draws with Malaysia and avoids knockout clash with Japan at Asian Cup

January 26, 2024

Japan aims for World Cup knockout stage against Costa Rica

November 26, 2022

South Korean women take down China for coveted gold in badminton at Asian Games

October 2, 2023

SOCCER/ Japan prepares for pivotal World Cup trip to Australia

March 19, 2022

SOCCER/ With a record 6 teams, Asia resets goals for World Cup

June 15, 2022
Share
Tweet
list
Print

 

Trending Now
Last 24 hours
Last 7 days
Couple revered for Japanese language test to keep going ...
Heavy snow to hit eastern and western Japan through Dec. 29
Uranium, fuel rod casing found in Fukushima nuclear debris
Hayao Miyazaki criticizes Japan wartime past in award speech
Hachiko-like tribute to Ishi, ‘grandpuppy’ of all living Shiba
JAL slapped with administrative guidance over boozy pilot pair
Princess Kako turns 30, prays disaster victims all live in peace
JAL crew saved everyone aboard in Jan. 2 crash despite chaos
‘Miracle town’ in Okayama with a spin on how English is taught
K-Pop star questioned by South Korea police for alleged drug use
Videos

Giant, sacred snake greets New Year’s visitors at temple in Kyoto

December 30, 2024

Princess Kako turns 30, prays disaster victims all live in peace

December 29, 2024

JAL crew saved everyone aboard in Jan. 2 crash despite chaos

December 25, 2024

Recommended

Diplomatic Documents

A series based on diplomatic documents declassified by Japan’s Foreign Ministry

Memories of Hiroshima and Nagasaki

Here is a collection of first-hand accounts by “hibakusha” atomic bomb survivors.

YOASOBI

A peek through the music industry’s curtain at the producers who harnessed social media to help their idols go global.

Taste of Life

Cooking experts, chefs and others involved in the field of food introduce their special recipes intertwined with their paths in life.

Memories of Nikkei Americans

A series about Japanese-Americans and their memories of World War II

Asahi Shimbun on Twitter
Learning English
Asahi Weekly

In-house News and Messages

Link
The New York Times

BACK TO TOP

About Us
Site Policy
Privacy
Copyright
Contact Us
Transmission of user information to external service providers（利用者情報の外部送信）

Copyright © The Asahi Shimbun Company. All rights reserved. No reproduction or republication without written permission.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.asahi.com/ajw/articles/15139919 
 ----- 
