SCORES
LATEST
LATEST
News
Transfers
Community
Tables
MUST READ
FEATURES
Opinion
Analysis
Player ratings
Winners & losers
Power rankings
COMPETITIONS
LEAGUES
Premier League
Qatar Stars League
La Liga
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Europa League
UEFA Europa Conference League
MLS
Saudi Pro League
CLUBS
Manchester United
Manchester City
Real Madrid
Barcelona
PSG
Al Arabi
Al Duhail
Al Gharafa
Al Rayyan
Other teams
INTERNATIONAL
England
Qatar
Argentina
Brazil
France
Germany
Spain
Italy
Portugal
Netherlands
Belgium
USMNT
WOMEN'S FOOTBALL
Latest News
WSL
UWCL
NWSL
England Women
USWNT
PLAYERS
Cristiano Ronaldo
Lionel Messi
Erling Haaland
Kylian Mbappe
Neymar
Harry Kane
Marcus Rashford
Jude Bellingham
Leah Williamson
Alessia Russo
Lauren James
LIFESTYLE
ENTERTAINMENT
Culture
Kits
Boots
Tickets
Buyers' Guide
Gaming
Quizzes
FOOTBALLCO NETWORK
MUNDIAL
NXGN
INDIVISA
Front Three
SOCIAL
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
YouTube
GOALSTUDIO
Getty/GOAL
Richard Martin
Jan 26, 2024 09:30+00:00
Kalvin Phillips, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Pep Guardiola's worst-ever signings - ranked!
Opinion
Transfers
P. Guardiola
Manchester City
K. Phillips
Premier League
Barcelona
Bayern Munich
FEATURES
Z. Ibrahimovic
C. Bravo
J. Cancelo

As the England midfielder leaves the Etihad Stadium, GOAL counts down the worst deals of the Man City coach's career

Pep Guardiola is one of the best coaches of all time, amassing 37 trophies with Barcelona, Bayern Munich and Manchester City while consistently wiping the floor with the opposition. At each of the three clubs he has coached, he has overseen a scintillating and instantly recognisable style of play, while also managing to instil an insatiable hunger in his players that has led to all three clubs winning three consecutive league titles on his watch.

Guardiola has helped his fair share of players blossom, getting the very best out of Lionel Messi, Andres Iniesta, Philipp Lahm, Kevin De Bruyne and Erling Haaland, to name but a few. But for every player he has worked wonders with, there are no shortage of individuals who never took to his ultra-demanding way of working.

Kalvin Phillips is the latest high-profile player to part ways with Guardiola after failing to assimilate to the coach's ideas. His loan move to West Ham brings a sad but inevitable end to a miserable 18-month stay with City. Having signed from Leeds United for £42m in 2022, Phillips has made just six starts in all competitions, costing an average of £7m per start and £14m per victory.

Article continues below

The England midfielder can, however, take solace in the fact that he is far from the only player who was hugely excited about working with Guardiola, but lived to regret ever signing for him. So where does Phillips rank among the worst signings Guardiola has ever made? GOAL has laid out the top (or bottom) 10...

AFP
10Mario Gotze (£32m)

Gotze was effectively a welcome gift for Guardiola ahead of his first season with Bayern Munich having been plucked from their closest rivals Borussia Dortmund. He had a decent first season with the Bavarian giants, scoring 10 Bundesliga goals as they swept to the title in record time, and then became a national hero by scoring the only goal for Germany in the 2014 World Cup final against Argentina.

But instead of building on that incredible platform, Gotze's form stagnated and he struggled to lock down a position under Guardiola, who was always shifting players into new roles. He was not exactly a failure, but his career started to go backwards, returning to Dortmund in 2016 and then drifting to the Eredivisie with PSV, although he is now back in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Frankfurt.

"I wanted to challenge myself, to get to know Pep's philosophy," Gotze told Algemeen Dagblad. "With Bayern, we reached three Champions League semi-finals and Guardiola taught me to see football from completely different positions on the field. Guardiola just put you literally everywhere in the games... In hindsight, I should have stayed longer with [Jurgen] Klopp, but it was certainly not a mistake to go to Bayern."

Advertisement
Getty Images
9Nolito (£14m)

Guardiola had known Nolito since he was in Barcelona's reserve team and had watched his progress closely, bringing him to City from Celta Vigo in his first summer in charge of the Blues. Nolito was a late bloomer, having only started to thrive in La Liga in his late 20s, and the move to City was simply to big of a step up for him.

He scored twice against Stoke City in his second appearance, but could not build on his strong start and struggled to adapt to life in England. He made headlines by declaring that the lack of sunshine in Manchester had made his daughter's skin change colour and that she looked like she had been "living in a cave". A doctor even advised him to give her vitamin D tablets.

Nolito lasted just one year at City, making only nine Premier League starts while scoring four times, before returning to his natural habitat by joining Sevilla.

Getty Images
8Martin Caceres (£14m)

The Uruguayan was the first signing Guardiola made as a coach, but proved to be one of the worst. The centre-back joined Barca from Villarreal having spent the previous season on loan at Recreativo de Huelva. And despite arriving for what was a sizeable transfer fee at the time, Caceres barely got a look in, quickly dropping to fourth-choice centre-back.

He made just eight La Liga starts all season and Barca won just four of them, a miserable ratio considering they stormed to the title that season. His standing was so low that even when Dani Alves and Rafael Marquez were injured for the Champions League final, he still didn't get in the team, with Guardiola opting to play Yaya Toure at centre-back instead.

Caceres left for Juventus that summer, lasting just one season at Barca.

Getty
7Medhi Benatia (£22m)

The Moroccan had impressed as a goalscoring centre-back for Roma but had an acrimonious departure from Stadio Olimpico as he joined Bayern in the summer of 2015, ahead of Guardiola's second campaign in Munich. The coach, though, quickly lost trust in him, and over two seasons gave Benatia just 24 Bundesliga starts.

Benatia also became known for high-profile errors, such as getting sent off against City in a Champions League group-stage game and making costly lapses in both legs of the semi-final tie against Barcelona, which Bayern lost 5-3 on aggregate.

He had a reduced role in his second season, Guardiola's last, and then left for Juventus.

Getty
6Joao Cancelo (£60m)

Cancelo can be filed alongside Zlatan Ibrahimovic in the category of a brilliant player but with a volcanic personality which ultimately ruined his relationship with Guardiola. The Portugal international had two fantastic seasons with City, but clashed too many times with the coach and there was only going to be one winner.

It has been revealed that Cancelo got off to a rocky start just weeks after completing his £60m ($76m) move from Juventus and threatened to leave after losing his place in the line-up to Kyle Walker. Urged to change his ways by sporting director Txiki Begiristain, Cancelo reinvented himself as an inverted left-back and was instrumental to City's successive title wins in 2020-21 and 2021-22.

But he could not handle being dropped again after the 2022 World Cup and started disrespecting Guardiola, putting in headphones during one of his team talks. The coach made it clear that Cancelo had to leave "for the good of the team" and was loaned out to Bayern Munich, where he also had a disappointing spell.

He has continued to underwhelm at Barcelona, and City now have an expensive problem on their hands and will have to swallow a big loss if they want to sell Cancelo permanently.

Getty
5Claudio Bravo (£17m)

Guardiola showed his ruthless nature when he first took over at City in the summer of 2016 by immediately deciding that Joe Hart, the hero of the 2012 and 2014 league titles, was not the goalkeeper for him due to his lack of ball-playing ability.

The problem was that he signed Bravo to replace him. Bravo had won two titles with Barcelona, but was not as good with his feet as team-mate Marc-Andre ter Stegen (who Guardiola also considered) and really struggled to adapt to the Premier League. He made a howler on his debut against Manchester United, while on his return to Barcelona was sent off in a 4-0 drubbing.

Bravo lasted barely five months as the club's No.1 before Guardiola dropped him for Willy Caballero, and then City got their chequebook out again to sign Ederson the following summer. Despite his embarrassing fall from grace, Bravo remained at City until 2020, making 61 appearances and significantly improving his medal collection. And he looks back on his time there very fondly.

“I had a marvellous time at Manchester City,” the Chilean told The Players’ Tribune. ”I’m telling you, it was successful in every sense. All four of my seasons there were amazing. I guess people remember different things. When I look back at that time, I recall that I played in two League Cup finals and two Community Shields — and won them all.”

Getty Images
4Dmytro Chyhrynskyi (£22m)

Barcelona made a number of signings in Guardiola's second summer in charge to build on their treble success, and towering centre-back Chyhrynski arrived from Shakhtar Donetsk to bolster their defence. But it soon became apparent that the Ukrainian did not fit with Barca's style of play.

He was not exactly a disaster, as Barca won eight out of the 10 La Liga matches he started while remaining unbeaten, but he could not match the standards of his team-mates and was on occasion booed by the Camp Nou faithful. He played just 851 minutes for Barca before heading straight back to Shakhtar after one season at a loss of €10m (£8.7m/$10m).

"I never say that I played for Barca. I say: 'I was at Barca'. And that's different, because to say that you played there you need to have been an important part of the team," he admitted to Relevo last year. "I had mistakes that at Barca are not acceptable, because the bar is very high."

Getty
3Kalvin Phillips (£42m)

Phillips' transfer to City in the summer of 2022 made sense at the time, as the midfielder had honed his playing style at Leeds United under Marcelo Bielsa, one of Guardiola's coaching mentors, and played a key role in England's success at the European Championship a year earlier.

But he got off to a difficult start, injuring his shoulder in a friendly against Barcelona and needing to have surgery. Guardiola then questioned Phillips' lifestyle by accusing him of returning from the World Cup overweight and kept leaving him out of the starting line-up, even when he rotated the rest of his squad for the FA Cup semi-final against Sheffield United.

Not even a three-match suspension for Rodri this campaign could help Phillips stake a claim for a regular role, and he leaves City having made just six starts in all competitions, with City losing three of them.

Getty Images
2Benjamin Mendy (£52m)

After a trophy-less first season with City, Guardiola went on an almighty spending spree, splashing over £250m ($318m). To the surprise of many, he prioritised signing full-backs, bringing in Kyle Walker and Danilo before paying £52m ($65m) to sign Mendy from Monaco, a then world-record fee for a defender.

Mendy had been one of the leading lights of Monaco's charge to the Ligue 1 title and the Champions League semi-finals - knocking City out on the way - and his signing seemed perfectly logical. However, disaster struck when he tore his cruciate knee ligament within his first few weeks at the club, keeping him out for seven months.

He didn't impress Guardiola much after returning though and his professionalism was questioned after he turned up three hours late for training after attending an Anthony Joshua fight. Mendy had to undergo more surgery on his knee in November 2018, and once he returned to full fitness he remained on the fringes of the team, never starting more than half of City's Premier League games in a season.

He was suspended by City in September 2021 after being charged with multiple counts of rape. He was later found not guilty on all counts, but left the club officially last summer and joined Lorient as a free agent. He is suing City for up to £10m in unpaid wages.

Getty
1Zlatan Ibrahimovic (£59m)

Ibrahimovic was one of the few players who had the confidence and star-quality to fit into Guardiola's all-conquering Barca side, and at first he shone, scoring 10 goals in his first four months, including a winner against Real Madrid.

But it was only a matter of time before his infamously massive ego clashed with Guardiola, who he referred to as "that idiot of a manager" in his eye-opening autobiography I Am Zlatan: "Messi, Xavi, Iniesta, the whole gang—­they were like schoolboys," he recalled. "Here everyone did as they were told. I didn’t fit in, not at all."

The first flashpoint came when Messi demanded to play through the middle and not on the right wing, leaving Ibrahimovic as a classic centre-forward. He recalled: "The balls passed through Messi, and I didn’t get to play my game. On the pitch, I’ve got to be as free as a bird. I’m the guy who wants to make a difference at every level. Guardiola sacrificed me. That’s the truth."

Ibrahimovic's relationship with Guardiola reached boiling point after the Champions League semi-final elimination to Inter, the Swede's former club, when the striker yelled "You can go to Hell!" at the coach. There was no going back after that, and Ibrahimovic joined AC Milan on loan in the summer, later sealing a permanent move for £20m ($25m), a loss of almost £40m ($50m). To make matters worse, Samuel Eto'o, who was included in the initial transfer deal the year before, had won the treble with Inter.

Contact Us
Terms of Service
Privacy policy
Careers
Goal App (Android)
Goal App (iOS)
Goal Live
Qatar
International (English)
Arabic (العربية)
Argentina (Español)
Australia (English)
Bahrain (English)
Brasil (Português)
Cameroon (English)
Chile (Español)
Colombia (Español)
Dutch (Nederlands)
Egypt (العربية)
France (Français)
Germany (Deutsch)
Ghana (English)
Hungary (Magyar)
India (English)
Indonesia (Indonesia)
Italy (Italiano)
Japanese (日本語)
Kenya (English)
Korea (한국어)
Kuwait (English)
Malaysia (English)
Mexico (Español)
Nigeria (English)
Oman (English)
Qatar (English)
Saudi Arabia (العربية)
Saudi Arabia (English)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Spain (Español)
Tanzania (English)
Thailand (ไทย)
Turkiye (Türkçe)
Uganda (English)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
USA (English)
Vietnam (Tiếng Việt)
Copyright © 2024 Goal All rights reserved. The information contained in Goal may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of Goal
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.goal.com/en-qa/lists/pep-guardiola-worst-ever-signings-man-city-barcelona-bayern-munich-ranked/bltdafee57b72e056a1 
 ----- 
