SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Mitch Duke pushing to start in Socceroos' Asian Cup quarterfinal

Topic:
Soccer

Mon 29 Jan
Monday 29 January

Mitch Duke (right) has been Australia's main striker in recent years.  (Getty Images: Robert Cianflone)

abc.net.au/news/mitch-duke-pushing-to-start-in-socceroos-asian-cup-quarterfinal/103403146
Link copied
Share article

Socceroos striker Mitch Duke is adamant he is fit to start in Australia's Asian Cup quarterfinal after recovering from a minor hamstring strain.

Key points:
Striker Mitch Duke is pushing to start in Australia's Asian Cup quarterfinal clash
Australia will take on either Saudi Arabia or South Korea for a spot in the final four
Duke missed the Socceroos' last match due to a hamstring injury

Duke suffered the injury against Syria, missed the final group game against Uzbekistan, then returned in the 61st minute of Sunday's 4-0 win over Indonesia.

He hopes he has done enough to return to coach Graham Arnold's starting line-up against either South Korea or Saudi Arabia at 6:30pm local time Friday (Saturday 2:30am AEDT).

"That was the probably the best test to see if I could [start]," Duke said of the match against Indonesia.

"I played 35 minutes [or] whatever it was, I've done a lot of sprinting to test it out and I actually feel the best like I've felt, so I think I can put my hand up for sure.

"[I've] got to get through a full week of training now to make sure that stays at that same level and then be in contention for it."

Admitting he at one point feared his Asian Cup was over, Duke is hopeful his early-tournament hiccup has him well-rested for the pointy end of proceedings.

Socceroos defeat Indonesia 4-0
Photo shows A soccer player wearing yellow and green celebrates after scoring a goal against a team in red and white

Australia advances to the final eight of the Asian Cup after a 4-0 win over Indonesia.

"You always get a bit worried," he said.

"I've never had a soft-tissue injury before either so I wasn't really familiar with the feeling.

"I was a little bit frustrated that I was sore as soon as I came off in the Syria game.

"Thankfully, it was only a grade 1 [strain] and seven to 10 days.

"They've got me back feeling great and actually, in a way it could be a blessing in disguise because I feel the best I've felt actually now in the tournament, which is potentially good timing."

Duke, Arnold's go-to striker in recent years, has started two games, while Bruno Fornaroli and Kusini Yengi have started one apiece.

None have scored yet — much to the 33-year-old's frustration.

ABC Sport Daily podcast

ABC Sport Daily is your daily sports conversation. We dive into the biggest story of the day and get you up to speed with everything else that's making headlines.

"Every opposition brings different challenges and different strengths and weaknesses," Duke said.

"So [Arnold's] given obviously me, Bruno and Kas [Yengi] a chance to show ourselves, and competition's always good as well.

"I want us all to be scoring goals. I want all the strikers to be scoring goals.

"I'm a supporter first of the team and I want us just to win and I want to see us doing well, especially the strikers in my position because a striker hasn't scored a goal yet in this tournament for us and that frustrates me a lot.

"I don't care who it is, I want a striker to score next game. Regardless of if that's me or Bruno, I don't care as long as we bang one in."

AAP

Get a morning news briefing in your inbox
Subscribe to our ABC NewsMail bringing you breaking news from overnight, plus a heads-up on the stories that will shape your day.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Mon 29 Jan 2024 at 9:18pm
Monday 29 Jan 2024 at 9:18pm
Related topics

Australia

Australia Soccer

Soccer

Sport

Top Stories
Australia wins MCG thriller after flurry of wickets in final session of Test

Topic:
Cricket

Photo shows Australia celebrates winning the MCG Test
Driver rescued from floodwaters as Queensland inundated

Topic:
Floods

Dominique Pelicot will not appeal 20-year sentence

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

Bangkok hotel fire kills three foreigners, authorities say

Topic:
Fires

Kyrgios, Djokovic enjoy winning doubles debut at Brisbane International

Topic:
Tennis

Just In
Świątek makes blistering start to United Cup as Poland defeats Norway

Topic:
Tennis

28m ago
28 minutes ago
South Korean president orders emergency inspection of nation's airline system

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

1h ago
1 hours ago
Couple's drownings at treacherous WA beach prompt calls for education, signage

Topic:
Drownings

1h ago
1 hours ago
Dominique Pelicot will not appeal 20-year sentence

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

2h ago
2 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-01-30/mitch-duke-pushing-to-start-in-socceroos-asian-cup-quarterfinal/103403146 
 ----- 
