The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Cubs hit three homers to power past Nationals
“Tauch leading off the game with a homer is great, and it puts everybody in a good place,” manager Craig Counsell said. “Bushy had some big hits today, as well, swung the bat well. We played a good all-around game.
By  Kyle Williams   Sept 23, 2024, 12:42am UTC

CHICAGO, ILLINOIS - SEPTEMBER 22: Michael Busch #29 of the Chicago Cubs hits a home run in the fourth inning off Jake Irvin of the Washington Nationals (not pictured) at Wrigley Field on September 22, 2024 in Chicago, Illinois.

Quinn Harris/Getty

SHARE
COPY LINK

The Cubs’ bats were jumping Sunday at Wrigley Field after a 2-hour, 20-minute rain delay.

Right fielder Mike Tauchman led off the first inning with a home run, first baseman Michael Busch hit a solo shot in the fourth and catcher Miguel Amaya hit a two-run homer in that inning, helping the Cubs to a 5-0 victory against the Nationals.

All three homers came against starter Jake Irvin, who allowed four hits and four walks in four innings. Four Nationals relievers held the Cubs to three hits and one walk the rest of the way.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
Cubs and new star Kyle Tucker file for arbitration
Porter Hodge can raise bullpen's ceiling even as Cubs continue addressing position
Brian Matusz, former Orioles and Cubs pitcher, dies at 37
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
Cubs sign veteran reliever Caleb Thielbar to one-year deal
LATEST STORIES
Notre Dame advances to CFP title game thanks to Jeter's 41-yard field goal
Dyett beats Crane, wins showdown between two up-and-coming Public League basketball programs
Cubs and new star Kyle Tucker file for arbitration
Body camera video shows shooting that killed Oak Park Detective Allan Reddins
Ex-Chicagoans, former Mayor Lightfoot's relatives among 180,000 displaced by raging Los Angeles fires
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Friday, January 10, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 10, 2025, 6:01am UTC
SPORTS
The cheat sheet: Ravens are the best bet of wild-card weekend
It could be a rough weekend for Packers and Vikings
By Mark Potash  Jan 10, 2025, 1:44am UTC
MOVIES AND TV
'The Weekend View' to stream more commentary from ABC show's panel
Saturday episodes will feature Joy Behar and team talking about the “biggest stories in entertainment and the buzziest news topping social media feeds.”
By Brendan Morrow | USA Today  Jan 10, 2025, 1:12am UTC
NATION/WORLD
From Carter's funeral, a singular American snapshot: 5 presidents, 379 years of history
By Ted Anthony | AP  Jan 10, 2025, 12:55am UTC
HOUSING & DEVELOPMENT
Illinois joins Justice Department lawsuit against RealPage and big landlords
The real estate companies kept rents high with RealPage’s software and by sharing information, the antitrust complaint says.
By Amy Yee  Jan 10, 2025, 12:49am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2024/09/22/cubs-offense-helps-team-power-past-nationals 
 ----- 
