Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Yankees Could Reunite With Elite Free Agent Reliever Amid Closer Woes
An ex-Yankee and upcoming free agent could solve New York's glaring question marks in the bullpen next season.
Grant Young | Sep 5, 2024
Aug 21, 2024; Arlington, Texas, USA; Texas Rangers relief pitcher Kirby Yates (39) walks off the field after he pitches against the Pittsburgh Pirates during the ninth inning at Globe Life Field. Mandatory Credit: Jerome Miron-Imagn Images / Jerome Miron-Imagn Images
In this story:
New York Yankees
Texas Rangers

The New York Yankees have a glaring issue in the back end of their bullpen.

Current Yankees closer Clay Holmes has a 5.05 ERA and has blown 11 saves since May 20. While it's too late for New York to trade for or sign a top-tier reliever this season, they'll surely be seeking someone more reliable than Holmes to close games during the offseason.

And ex-Yankee Kirby Yates could be the perfect fit.

Yates (who played for the Yankees in 2016) signed a 1 year, $4,500,000 contract with the Texas Rangers in December 2023. He has since emerged as one of MLB's best closers this season, posting a 6-2 record with a 1.37 ERA and 26 saves in 27 save opportunities.

Given this career resurgence, a September 5 article from Bleacher Report's Joel Rueter predicts the currently 37-year-old Yates will not re-sign with the Rangers and instead test the free agency waters this offseason.

"The Rangers found one of the best bargains of the offseason when they signed Kirby Yates to a one-year, $4.5 million deal," Rueter wrote.

"The 37-year-old earned his first All-Star selection since 2019... Despite that success, the Rangers would be wise to let someone else pay a premium for his bounce-back season, especially considering his age and injury history."

While it's true that Yates may never be able to reproduce the magical year he has procured with the defending World Series champions this season, the Yankees are in dire need of bullpen assistance. And even if Yates can come close to recreating his 2024 stats in 2025, he would still likely be an upgrade from any current Yankees relievers.

Published Sep 5, 2024
GRANT YOUNG

Grant Young covers the New York Yankees, the New York Mets, and Women’s Basketball for On SI. He holds an MFA degree in creative writing from the University of San Francisco, where he also played Division 1 baseball for five years. He believes Mark Teixeira should have been a first ballot MLB Hall of Fame inductee. You can follow him on X: @GrvntYoung

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/yankees/news/yankees-could-reunite-with-elite-free-agent-reliever-amid-closer-woes-grant9 
 ----- 
