 
Latest News
National
Sports
World
Business
Entertainment
Technology
Health
Today's Paper
Top Story
Opinion
Newspost
Editorial
Magazines
TNS
Instep
Money Matters
YOU
US
Writer's Archive
Sports
‘Leave friendship outside the boundary’, Gambhir on friendly exchanges with Pakistani players
Former Indian cricketer Gautam Gambhir criticises Indian players’ friendly interactions with their Pakistani counterparts
By Web Desk
September 03, 2023
India´s and Pakistan´s palyers gesture before the start of the Asia Cup 2023 one-day international (ODI) cricket match between India and Pakistan at the Pallekele International Cricket Stadium in Kandy on September 2, 2023 — AFP

Former Indian player Gautam Gambhir has disapproved of amiable interactions between Indian and Pakistani sides during their Asia Cup 2023 clash.

Expressing his views on the camaraderie shown by Pakistani and Indian players in their recent Asia Cup 2023 clash, the former Indian player said: “You can be as friendly as you want after those six or seven hours of cricket.”

“Leave the friendship outside the boundary ropes”, Gambhir said commenting on the amiable exchanges between the two sides during the match.


The former Indian cricketer said that Indian players should show aggression as they are representing a whole nation and not just themselves.

Comparing the behaviour of current players with that of previous eras, Gambhir said: “These days you see players of rival teams patting each other on the back and exchanging fist bumps during a match. You would never see that a few years ago."

The former Indian wicket-keeper batsman also accentuated that sledging is part of the game as long as it doesn’t get too personal or someone’s family is involved.

"Banter is fine. In games against Australia and Pakistan, there used to be banter," he added.

It is to be noted that the much anticipated Pak-India clash in Asia Cup 2023 was washed away due to rain with one point awarded to each side.

The rain-affected match saw India setting up a target of 267 runs against Pakistan as Pakistani pacers limited the Indian batting powerhouse and took all ten wickets.

Shaheen Shah Afridi bagged four key wickets including that of Indian skipper Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli, meanwhile, Haris Rauf and Naseem Shah took three wickets each.

Pakistan has already qualified for the Super 4 stage of the tournament.

Both teams will meet once again on September 10 in the Super Four stage should India win their final group game against Nepal on September 4.

Pakistan lose three wickets as play ends for Day 2 against South Africa
Injured Saim Ayub out of remainder South Africa Test
Second Test: Rickelton, Bavuma stabilise South Africa at 316/4 on day 1
Saim Ayub suffers ankle injury during second South Africa Test
Ravi Shastri anticipates Rohit Sharma’s Test cricket exit
Australia drop Marsh, hand Webster debut for fifth India Test
South Africa willing to keep momentum going in final Test against Pakistan
Who is expected to be part of Pakistan's Champions Trophy squad?
Newcastle's Isak, Joelinton leave Manchester United with 4th consecutive loss
MCG attendance record shattered during fourth India vs Australia Test
Australia take seven wickets after tea to beat India in Melbourne
Babar Azam among nominees for ICC Men's T20I Cricketer of the Year award
South Africa defeat Pakistan by two wickets in first Test

South Africa qualify for ICC World Test Championship final after grabbing victory over Pakistan

Pacers help Pakistan take control as South Africa lose three wickets in 148-run chase

Mohammad Abbas removes two Proteas batters as Khurram Shahzad dismisses one ahead of stumps

Saim Ayub nominated for ICC Men's Emerging Cricketer of the Year 2024

Besides Ayub, Kamindu Mendis, Shamar Joseph and Gus Atkinson also made it to nomination list

Cristiano Ronaldo lambasts Ballon d'Or over Vinicius Jr snub

Portuguese football legend calls Real Madrid star's missed Ballon d'Or win "unfair"

Pak vs SA: Proteas take command after Green Shirts lose three wickets

South Africa strike early, dismissing three Pakistani batters including in-form batter Kamran Ghulam

Harsh weather results in two deaths during Sydney to Hobart yacht race

Other crew tried to revive them but were unsuccessful, marking the first fatalities in the race since 1998

Copyright © 2025. The News International, All Rights Reserved | Contact Us | Authors
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thenews.com.pk/latest/1106457-leave-friendship-outside-the-boundary-gambhir-on-friendly-exchanges-with-pakistani-players 
 ----- 
