Sunday, January 05, 2025 | Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar.
SIGN IN
 
SUBSCRIBE
×
Subscribe now for Gulf Times
Personalise your news and receive Newsletters!
By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
SPORTS
Australia want ODI series success over South Africa
REUTERS BLOEMFONTEIN
PUBLISHED ON SEPTEMBER 07, 2023 | 12:14 AM
Australian captain Mitch Marsh (right) with teammates Marcus Stoinis and Sean Abbott after the third and final T20I against South Africa in Durban on September 3, 2023. (@CricketAus)
Australia have set winning the five-match One Day International series in South Africa as their primary task as they use the games to hone their preparations for next month’s World Cup in India, said captain Mitchell Marsh on Wednesday.
Australia take on their hosts in the first match in Bloemfontein today where the wicket is expected to be flat like those in India but with the players having to deal with cold temperatures.
Australia have already selected their side for the opening game of the series with Marsh dropping down the top order to No. 3, behind Travis Head and David Warner, having opened with Head in Australia’s last ODI which was a 21-run win over India in Chennai in March.
“There’ll be potentially a few moving parts with our squad throughout these five games, I’m guessing it’s the same with South Africa with a heavy schedule, building to the World Cup. We’ll have certain guys in different areas, but I’ll start at No. 3 tomorrow,” he told a press conference on Wednesday.
“I’m not really sure about the batting order past this game. It’s really important that we focus on this one and try and win the first of the five-match series. It’s very important as we build towards the World Cup, that we try and win this series first. That’s number one on the agenda,” he added.
Marsh captained Australia to a convincing 3-0 whitewash of their hosts in last week’s T20 series but is expecting a much tougher challenge in the 50-over version. “It was obviously a really pleasing win for us as a team, even as a pretty young team to play the way we did. South Africa welcome back a lot of experienced players now, so it’ll be a different challenge for us and they play very well at home,” Marsh said.
“It’s going to be two really good teams going at it, but our mentality won’t change. How can we play a nice attacking brand of cricket and I’m sure they will, too. It’ll be a great series.”
Australia’s preparations for the World Cup have been hit by injuries to test captain Pat Cummins and Steve Smith, who both picked up wrist injuries during the Ashes series, ruling them out of the ODI series in South Africa. Mitchell Starc has also been sidelined by a groin problem.
SA look to balance last of their World Cup preparationsSouth Africa are looking to balance giving returning players a chance to find their form with trying to gain some team momentum as they begin a five match One Day International series at home against Australia today.
Just one month away from the start of the World Cup, South Africa captain Temba Bavuma is seeking to use the series to clean out a few cobwebs as well as building the team’s confidence for the tournament in India from Oct. 5 – Nov. 19.
“It’s a bit of a balance because there are guys who haven’t been playing for a while and opportunity will be given to them, more for batters to get them into the right mental and physical space,” Bavuma told a press conference on Wednesday.
“And for the bowlers it will be about getting time in their legs out there in the middle. I think what is more important is the synergy and the relationship between the bowlers out in the field, to get that going again. But I think it’s a balance giving guys opportunity, but also trying to get momentum going and looking at things going forward.”
South Africa have included spinner Keshav Maharaj and seamer Sisanda Magala in their World Cup squad, which was announced on Tuesday, after the pair overcame fitness concerns.
The five match ODI series against Australia takes in two matches in Bloemfontein and one each in Potchefstroom, Pretoria and at the Wanderers in Johannesburg.
“Our World Cup preparations started from the beginning of this year, where we saw a couple of new faces coming into the team, guys who we envisaged playing certain roles within the team. Some guys have stayed, some guys, unfortunately, are not here,” Bavuma said. “It’s our last series before the World Cup. So I guess there’s a lot more of a significance behind it but I think in terms of everything that we’ve done our prep started a long time ago and for us it’s just a matter of continuing and challenging ourselves.”
South Africa were thrashed by Australia last week in a three-day T20 series and Bavuma admitted building confidence would be important before arriving in India.
“Confidence is a big thing. That’s what we lean on as players. You look at your good times and you try to replicate those good times when things are not going they way you would want,” he said.
RELATED STORY
Sony Middle East and Africa, Fnac Qatar host workshop series for content creators
Doha Global South Health Policy initiative makes great progress: Gates Foundation official
Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar.
SIGN IN
 
SUBSCRIBE
GULT TIMES SITE MAP
Qatar
International
Region
Business
Sport
Opinion
Community
Media
Classifieds
Authors
 
INFORMATION
About Us
Contact Us
Participate With Us
 
ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES
Newspaper
Ads Booking
Website
Sitemap
Site Content Usage
 
FOLLOW US

Want more politics, health care, and media updates?

HOME QATAR INTERNATIONAL REGION BUSINESS SPORT OPINION COMMUNITY MEDIA PDF CLASSIFIEDS
RSS Site Map
All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.gulf-times.com/article/667996/sports/australia-want-odi-series-success-over-south-africa 
 ----- 
