NBA
Minnesota Timberwolves
Timberwolves' Anthony Edwards reveals message to Julius Randle before monster Kings game

Anthony Edwards was hyping up his new Timberwolves teammate before they took on the Kings!

By 

Evan Dammarell

Oct 25, 2024 at 10:37 AM ET

After a frustrating season-opening loss, the Minnesota Timberwolves bounced back against the Sacramento Kings. But like most road wins, it didn't come without any heart-pounding drama for the Wolves. Running down to the wire, a pair of Anthony Edwards free throws proved to be the game-winning action for Minnesota. However, they wouldn’t have gotten there if Julius Randle, one of their new pack members, hadn’t stepped up for the Wolves.

Randle scored 33 points on 13-for-17 shooting, including 5 of 6 from 3, five rebounds and four assists. It was the perfect complement to Edwards, who finished with 32 points on 10-for-24 shooting, seven rebounds, four assists and a steal. But after Edwards iced the game at the line, he had nothing but praise for his new teammate's efforts against Sacramento.

We told him this morning, don’t fit around us, we’ll fit around you,” Edwards said about Randle. “And he showed us today!”

Wolves Lead
@TWolvesLead
·
Follow

Anthony Edwards when asked about Julius Randle's big game:

“Ohhhhhhhh my god. We told him this morning, don’t fit around us, we’ll fit around you, and he showed us today."



Watch on Twitter
4:52 AM · Oct 25, 2024
2.7K
Reply
Copy link
Read 12 replies
Expand Tweet

Randle got Minnesota started and helped them overcome the disjointed offense early. The Wolves had eight first-quarter turnovers, but Randle helped offset them with 11 first-quarter points. He kept them afloat in the second quarter, pouring in 11 more points in the frame to keep Minnesota within 59-55 at the halftime break.

How Julius Randle saved the Timberwolves against the Kings
Related Minnesota Timberwolves News
Article continues below
Timberwolves’ Anthony Edwards says monster dunk vs. Magic doesn’t ‘count’
16h
Is Paolo Banchero playing vs. Timberwolves? Latest injury update
1d
Timberwolves vs. Magic prediction, odds, pick – 1/9/2025
1d
Chris Finch gives Julius Randle his flowers after spoiling Zion Williamson’s return
2d
Sergio Estrada-Imagn Images

Overall, the Wolves trailed by as many as 12 points against the Kings. It looked similar to Minnesota's loss to the Los Angeles Lakers for nearly three quarters. A blend of mediocre defense and discombobulated offense might see the Timberwolves start 0-2 on the season. Well, that might've been the case if it hadn't been for Randle to step up.

Randle returned from a mediocre performance against the Lakers and was all over the court on offense for Minnesota. His aggression looked much closer to the three-time All-Star he was in New York. While his teammates scored at a 34 percent clip, Randle made 8 of 10 shots, including four 3s, to keep the Timberwolves alive at halftime.

As Randle took control of the offense, things started to open up for Edwards. The Kings were focused on the star guard in the first half, trying to limit his opportunities. Randle stepping up made Sacramento adjust in the second half, and that’s all Edwards needed to get rolling and close the game.

“That’s why he’s here,” Edwards said. “He did a tremendous job of that. We want him to keep doing that. Don’t think about passing nobody the ball. Shoot it.”

Evan Dammarell is an award-winning sports journalist covering the Cleveland Cavaliers for ClutchPoints. Evan has bylines at Right Down Euclid, Forbes and SB Nation.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Heat trade proposal lands De’Aaron Fox in Kings blockbuster
3 days ago
10 worst players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
10 best players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
1 day ago
The perfect Nuggets-Heat trade that pairs Jimmy Butler with Nikola Jokic
15 hours ago
2025 NBA All-Star predictions: Victor Wembanyama, Cade Cunningham earn first nods
2 days ago
10 most overrated players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
3 weeks ago
NBA rumors: Heat’s Jimmy Butler trade offers ‘stink’
2 days ago
Charles Barkley did not stutter about ‘best team in the NBA’
1 day ago
Ranking 3 best Bradley Beal trade destinations after Suns benching
3 days ago
NBA rumors: Lakers, Nuggets among teams Bradley Beal would waive no-trade clause for
3 days ago
Ranking best CJ McCollum trade destinations if Pelicans blow it up
3 days ago
Anthony Edwards
Julius Randle
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/timberwolves-news-anthony-edwards-message-julius-randle-before-monster-kings-game 
 ----- 
