    Subscribe
SPORTS
Wolves rally to escape Kings
Ralph Edwin Villanueva - Philstar.com
October 25, 2024 | 1:47pm
 
SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA - OCTOBER 24: Julius Randle #30 of the Minnesota Timberwolves dribbles the ball around DeMar DeRozan #10 of the Sacramento Kings during the second quarter at Golden 1 Center on October 24, 2024 in Sacramento, California. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement.
Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images/AFP

MANILA, Philippines -- The Minnesota Timberwolves stormed back from 12 points down and squeaked past the Sacramento Kings, 117-115, on the road Friday morning (Manila time) to finally tally a win in the new NBA season.

Julius Randle showed off with 33 points, five rebounds and four assists on an efficient 13-of-17 field goal shooting for the Wolves. Anthony Edwards added 32 points, seven rebounds and four assists.

With the game tied at 115, Edwards attacked the defense and went straight to the basket.
He was then fouled by Domantas Sabonis and made the game-winning free throws with about two seconds left on the clock.

In the ensuing play, Keegan Murray received the inbounds play and hoisted up a double-clutch 3-pointer for the win, but rimmed out.

Minnesota trailed by 12, 69-81, in the third quarter after a pair of free throws by Demar DeRozan.

Sacramento maintained a double-digit lead, 88-78, late in the frame after free throws by Keon Ellis.

Minnesota, though, unleashed 11 straight points capped by a 3-pointer by Edwards to grab the lead heading into the fourth quarter.

Come the final canto, the two teams were kept in a nip-and-tuck ballgame, with the Wolves taking a five-point advantage, 110-105, with 4:34 remaining after a triple by Donte DiVincenzo.

This was answered by Domantas Sabonis to cut the lead to two, before Randle hit a fadeaway jumper to take a 112-108 lead.

Sacramento, however, retaliated with a 7-2 run capped by an and-one play by Malik Monk to go up by one, 115-114, with 53 seconds to go.

A split from the line by Rudy Gobert tied the game up with about 38 seconds left, which gave the Kings an opportunity to take the lead.

A quick midrange jumper from D’Aaron Fox missed, setting up Edwards’ game-winning play.

Naz Reid had a double-double of 19 points, 13 rebounds and three assists for Minnesota. DiVincenzo and Nickeil Alexander-Walker added nine markers.

DeRozan powered the Kings with 26 points, eight rebounds and two assists, while Sabonis had 24 markers and eight boards. Murray had 23 points and 11 rebounds.

In Colorado, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander towed the Oklahoma City Thunder over the Denver Nuggets, 102-87.

Gilgeous-Alexander had 28 points, eight assists and seven rebounds, while Chet Holmgren powered inside with 25 points, 14 rebounds, five assists, four blocks and two steals.

Nikola Jokic had a triple-double with 16 points, 13 assists and 12 rebounds, while Christian Braun had 16 markers, seven boards and two blocks.

Michael Porter Jr. finished with 15 points and eight rebounds.

BASKETBALL
DENVER NUGGETS
MINNESOTA TIMBERWOLVES
NBA
OKC THUNDER
SACRAMENTO KINGS
Relevant. Witty. Daily

Morning news briefings from Philstar.com

 SIGN-UP
or sign in with
MORE IN SPORTS
Unsung heroes
Hotshots oust Dyip to boost playoff hopes
Philippines begins work on FIVB men’s volleyball world tilt hosting
Abando, Dave Ildefonso banner Strong Group's Dubai roster
BRANDSPACE ARTICLES
LOOK: Celebrities Anne Curtis, Marian Rivera, others praise the new vivo X200 Pro
Cebuana Lhuillier ventures into future of payments at Plan B Forum in Switzerland
IQOS inspires to answer the call to stay curious: A new world of pleasures and progress
What went down at the 2024 MAMA Awards. Plus your sign to get closer to your next trip
vivo V40 Lite: Durable device equipped with AI camera features for only P15,999
Got leftover holiday ham? Check out this adobo recipe with a twist by Ninong Ry
San Mig Light's new lifestyle icons are Gen Zs on a mission: Meet Neil, Scott and Leika
Want to be that ‘girl’s girl’ without the pressure of perfection? Try these doable tips
LIST: The partners of GCash in keeping your e-wallet safe
<
>
Philstar
RECOMMENDED STORIES
RECOMMENDED BY
LATEST
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.philstar.com/campus/sports/2024/10/25/2395205/wolves-rally-escape-kings 
 ----- 
