Toggle navigation
Subscriptions
Log In
TOPICS:
Flood Alert
Connecting Communities
StarExtra
True or Not
SOBA 2024
Sabah & Sarawak
Do You Know
Heatwave
‘I’ll beat you’: Angry Zheng Qinwen, Chinese fans react to apparent racist taunts at US Open tennis championships
By LARS HAMER
ASEANPLUS NEWS

Tuesday, 03 Sep 2024

5:38 PM MYT

FLUSHING MEADOWS, New York (SCMP): Chinese fans have reacted angrily after tennis star Zheng Qinwen appeared to be the victim of racist abuse during her US Open match against Donna Vekic on Monday.

Zheng, who beat Vekic to Olympic gold in Paris last month, was trailing 3-2 and down 40-30 in the second set when an onlooker shouted something that sounded like “yellow banana, yellow” as she prepared to serve.

The slur, which has been directed at other Chinese athletes in the past, was picked up by courtside microphones during Zheng’s 7-6, 4-6, 6-2 win in the round of 16.

Video of the incident caused uproar on Chinese social media, with the hashtag becoming the hottest trending topic on Weibo with more than 1.65 million views before it was removed from the platform.

Social media users said the phrase was first heard when Zheng was up 30-15 in the third game of the second set. Video shows the world no 7 winning the point, and then looking up to the stands and saying: “I will beat you.”

The camera also appeared to show Zheng’s coach Pere Riba reacting to a noise from the crowd. However, it is unclear if something was said during this point in the match as the courtside microphones did not pick it up.

However, one hour and 38 minutes into the game, as Zheng prepares to serve and the camera again focuses on Riba, chants of “yellow banana, yellow” can be heard, sparking another reaction from the Spanish coach.

STARPICKS
Teka celebrates 100 years of innovation and achievements with property developers in Malaysia First publication

Many comments on Weibo, China’s Twitter-like platform, praised Zheng for staying focused in a match that lasted almost three hours. However, a number of users flooded the comments section with racial insults aimed at white people, including “white pig”, “white trash” and several we cannot print.

Chinese social media platforms censor offensive language and have been known to delete posts that include racist content.

On X, some users suggested that the culprit was a man of Asian appearance sitting in the front row. He forced Zheng to stop her serve on two occasions when he walked from the stands to his seat.

The man first appears on camera when he takes his front-row seat as Vekic leads the second set 2-0, causing Zheng to delay her serve. The first accusation of racial abuse was said to have occurred just minutes later.

On the second occasion, which occurred one minute before the slur can be heard, Zheng is clearly annoyed and stands with her hands on her hips, waiting for the man to sit down.

As Zheng and Vekic return from a break for the third set, the man can no longer be seen in the crowd.

Zheng did not address the incident in her on-court interview but said it was an “unbelievable” experience to take part in the match that ended up finishing at 2.15am in New York, the latest finish ever for a game at the US Open.

“Thanks to the fans who are not sleeping tonight and support me here,” she said. “She’s [Vekic] really tough to play on hard court, I feel today she would [give me] a lot of pressure. In the French Open, I was totally in control, but I feel today, she’s really aggressive.”

Zheng’s quarter-final opponent is Aryna Sabalenka, the world No 2, who beat her at the same stage in New York last year and also came out on top in the Australian Open final in January.

This is not the first time the slur has been shouted at Chinese athletes.

In 2021, the International Table Tennis Federation said it was committed to preventing racist incidents after a white male spectator chanted “yellow banana” at Liang Jingkun at the world championships in Texas. - The Straits Times/ANN

Follow us on our official WhatsApp channel for breaking news alerts and key updates!

TAGS / KEYWORDS:
Zhang Qinwen , US Open , Tennis

   
How useful is this article to you?

95% of our readers find this article useful

Found a mistake in this article?

Report it to us.

Related News
ASEANPLUS NEWS 22 Jul 2024
Joe Biden drops out of US presidential race, endorses Kamala Harris - a SCMP...
ASEANPLUS NEWS 2h ago
Hong Kong’s Templewater builds Middle East ties to unlock energy transition...
ASEANPLUS NEWS 7h ago 
From oversupply to Trump 2.0: The outlook for EV batteries in 2025
Promoted Stories
Recommended by
Trending in AseanPlus

1

ASEANPLUS NEWS1h ago
Pakistani man who murdered his own daughter attacked in British prison

2

ASEANPLUS NEWS1h ago
High-heeled China son struts stuff like supermodel to raise cash for mum’s cancer treatment

3

ASEANPLUS NEWS5h ago
'Indeed, I'm rich' - Thai PM declares millions in watches and bags among RM1.8bil in assets

4

SINGAPORE11h ago
Singapore OCBC assistant V-P illegally accessed bank balances of politicians, influencers

5

CHINA1d ago
Chinese actress Zhao Lusi says she was physically abused and is suffering from depression

6

ASEANPLUS NEWS1d ago
Mandopop sensation G.E.M is real hot - KL concert tickets selling like hot cakes and organisers are increasing the number of...

7

CHINA4h ago
Trouble in China's shopping paradise as Hainan duty-free spending tumbles

8

CHINA5h ago
China knife attack heroine shuns live-stream offers, fears tarnishing her brave actions

9

INDIA1h ago
Dense fog disrupt flights and trains in Northern India

10

THAILAND12h ago
Over 30 injured as bus carrying Russian tourists crashes into toll booth
Others Also Read
FOOTBALL42m ago
Soccer-Man United signing Maguire to extension while Diallo deal is close, says...
NATION1h ago
Umno cancels plans to attend Jan 6 Najib solidarity rally in Putrajaya
STARPLUS30 Dec 2024
INTERACTIVE: Malaysia 2025 long weekend guide
MOTORSPORT1h ago
Motor racing-Hamilton updates LinkedIn profile with #newjob
FOOTBALL1h ago
Soccer-Man City must weigh up De Bruyne's contract extension
STARPICKS
Together We Roar: Honouring connections with fellow ‘Tigers’
BADMINTON2h ago
Zii Jia withdraws from Malaysian Open due to injury
NATION2h ago
MetMalaysia issues thunderstorm warning for multiple regions until...
NATION3h ago
Cops urge public not to participate in pro-Najib rally
TENNIS3h ago
Tennis-Djokovic falls to inspired Opelka in Brisbane quarter-finals
ENTERTAINMENT3h ago
HK star Ronald Law Kwan Moon announces marriage, 10 years after cheating...
NATION3h ago
Free parking in Penang until app outage is fixed, says state govt
Load More
StarPicks
Together We Roar: Honouring connections with fellow ‘Tigers’

Tiger Beer roars into the new year, inspiring consumers to celebrate its supporters through exciting promotions and activations

Read More
Subscriptions
The Star Digital Access
Newsstand
Advertising
Our Rate Card
Classifieds
Company Info
About Us
Job Opportunities
Investor Relations
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Policies
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
    

Copyright © 1995- 2025 Star Media Group Berhad [197101000523 (10894-D)]

Best viewed on Chrome browsers.

Home
For You
Bookmark
Audio
Search
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com.my/aseanplus/aseanplus-news/2024/09/03/ill-beat-you-angry-zheng-qinwen-chinese-fans-react-to-apparent-racist-taunts-at-us-open-tennis-championships 
 ----- 
