Sign in

Choose your location

See all locations
Enable GPS or enter your city manually for accurate local news.
Local News
Headlines
Newsletter
ABOUT NEWSBREAK
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Contact
Press Room
Blog
PARTNER WITH US
Publishers
Advertisers
Contributors
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Don’t Sell My Info
Community Standards
FOLLOW US
©2024 NewsBreak. All Rights Reserved.
670 The Score
·
Follow
verified publisher · 3.1K followers
Chicago
Joe Girardi: Cubs should be annoyed by delay in 10th inning of tie game to celebrate Ronald Acuna Jr.'s 70th stolen base

By Mully Haugh Show,

2023-09-28

(670 The Score) In the bottom of the 10th inning of a tie game Wednesday, Braves star outfielder Ronald Acuna Jr. stole his 70th base of the season.

In doing so, Acuna became the first player in MLB history to reach the 40-homer, 70-stolen base mark in a single season. To commemorate the achievement, Acuna called for time and then pulled the base out of the ground and hoisted it over his head to celebrate. At the same time, the Braves played a tribute video to celebrate the accomplishment.

The game was delayed for a couple minutes, with Cubs rookie reliever Daniel Palencia just milling about the mound waiting. After play resumed, Braves second baseman Ozzie Albies lined a game-winning RBI single into right field to give Atlanta a 6-5 victory.

“This is pretty absurd,” Marquee Sports Network color commentator Jim Deshaies said on the broadcast Wednesday night of Acuna’s celebration and the game delay.

The loss was a big blow to the Cubs’ playoff hopes, as they fell into a tie with the Marlins for the final National League wild-card spot. The trouble for Chicago is that Miami holds the tiebreaker, so the Cubs have to play one game better than Marlins as four contests remain in the regular season.

On the Mully & Haugh Show on Thursday morning, Marquee Sports Network analyst Joe Girardi – a longtime MLB manager – praised Acuna but added that he’d be upset by the game delay if he was in the Cubs’ dugout.

“I don’t want to take anything away from Ronald Acuna, because I think he’s clearly the MVP,” Girardi said. “He’s one of the best all-around players I’ve ever seen. But it was not a record. Yes, it is a record in the sense that no one has ever had 40 and 70. I get that. But it wasn’t the stolen base record. I wouldn’t have been happy about it, just because I want my pitcher to stay in rhythm and we’re fighting for our (playoff) lives. Now, if it’s meaningless game, I’m not going to be bothered. But because I have a rookie on the mound, I don’t want him sitting around there. I would’ve been like, ‘What are we doing here?’ But it’s baseball. It is entertainment, and you can’t forget that. And to me, he’s the MVP of the league. But we’re trying to win a game here. It would upset me.”

Joe GirardiCubsdelay10th inningtie game
COMMENTS / 1
Post
Community Policy
Luke Burton
2023-09-28
Whining about what happens anytime something like this happens. If he was playing for a team not in the mix or as good as the Braves, no one would say a word. Get a damn life loser!
Reply
0
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
The World Around Jae and Beyond
·
Follow
user · 29.8K followers
Rickey Smiley Crowned 'King of Section 8' After Revealing He Didn't Know He Fathered Twin Daughters

Disclosure: State of Alabama-based writer. This article is a work from cited sources for informational purposes and is used with permission. No affiliate links are included. Over the past few days, Alabama native and beloved entertainer Rickey Smiley has made headlines after he revealed to his fans that he recently discovered he is the biological father of 5-year-old twin daughters. Smiley shared that he has known the girls for years but only learned of their biological connection through a recent DNA test that confirmed his paternity.

Alabama · 3d
615
213
Share
The World Around Jae and Beyond
·
Follow
user · 29.8K followers
Man Alleges Everyone, Except Him, Knew He Was Not the Father of Rickey Smiley's Twins

Disclosure: State of Alabama-based writer. This article is a work from cited sources for informational purposes and is used with permission. No affiliate links are included. Two days ago, Alabama native Rickey Smiley revealed on the Smitty and Dee Show that he learned, after the passing of his son Brandon Smiley in 2020, that he had fathered two beautiful twin daughters with his ex-girlfriend Alecia.

Alabama · 4d
507
186
Share
David Heitz
·
Follow
user · 25.0K followers
Why are there ‘seagulls’ in Denver Walmart parking lots?

I’ve heard people in Denver wonder aloud why there are “seagulls” in the mountains. They tend to congregate in Walmart parking lots in the Mile High City. Even in the winter.

Denver, CO · 
1d
38
16
Share
The Current GA
·
Follow
user · 10.1K followers
Hurricanes Helene, Milton expanded reach of invasive species into Georgia

Dorothy and Toto aren’t the only ones known to hitch a ride on a passing severe weather event. A map from the U.S. Geological Survey finds that there are 222 possible non-native species that had the potential to spread in Georgia and Florida due to storm-related flooding from Hurricane Helene, which devastated southern states including Georgia in September. The list includes 90 species considered invasive and likely to spread via flood waters.

Georgia · 8d
224
33
Share
Alameda Post
·
Follow
user · 4.7K followers
Two Birds from Alameda — January 2, 2025

Catch up and keep in touch with Brice on Instagram or at brice@alamedapost.com . Join at twobirdsfromalameda.com for early access and more. The post Two Birds from Alameda — January 2, 2025 appeared first on Alameda Post .

Alameda, CA · 
8d
Share
This site uses various technologies, including third-party cookies, pixels, and codes, to personalize our website functionalities, measure website usage and performance and provide targeting advertising. Information about your site visit may be stored or shared with third parties as identified in our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this website you consent to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. If you select Reject Cookies we will not set cookies on your browser except for cookies that are strictly necessary to operate our Site and a single 'Reject Cookies' preference cookie.
... more
Accept Cookies
Reject
Comments /
Community Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newsbreak.com/670-the-score-560021/3173199929147-joe-girardi-cubs-should-be-annoyed-by-delay-in-10th-inning-of-tie-game-to-celebrate-ronald-acuna-jr-s-70th-stolen-base 
 ----- 
