Continue with ads …
Use as.com with personalized advertising, tracking and cookies free of charge.﻿
This model will allow you to continue browsing as before. The acceptance of cookies and similar technologies will involve the collection and use of your browsing information for advertising and personalisation purposes according to your interests. This advertising is essential for us to continue offering quality content, effective services to users and an improved user experience.
For this, we and our 875 partners ﻿require your consent﻿to the processing of personal data﻿ for the following purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
Most purposes explained in this notice rely on the storage or accessing of information from your device when you use an app or visit a website. For example, a vendor or publisher might need to store a cookie on your device during your first visit on a website, to be able to recognise your device during your next visits (by accessing this cookie each time).
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Advertising and content can be personalised based on your profile. Your activity on this service can be used to build or improve a profile about you for personalised advertising and content. Advertising and content performance can be measured. Reports can be generated based on your activity and those of others. Your activity on this service can help develop and improve products and services.
Use limited data to select advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
A car manufacturer wants to promote its electric vehicles to environmentally conscious users living in the city after office hours. The advertising is presented on a page with related content (such as an article on climate change actions) after 6:30 p.m. to users whose non-precise location suggests that they are in an urban zone.
A large producer of watercolour paints wants to carry out an online advertising campaign for its latest watercolour range, diversifying its audience to reach as many amateur and professional artists as possible and avoiding showing the ad next to mismatched content (for instance, articles about how to paint your house). The number of times that the ad has been presented to you is detected and limited, to avoid presenting it too often.
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
If you read several articles about the best bike accessories to buy, this information could be used to create a profile about your interest in bike accessories. Such a profile may be used or improved later on, on the same or a different website or app to present you with advertising for a particular bike accessory brand. If you also look at a configurator for a vehicle on a luxury car manufacturer website, this information could be combined with your interest in bikes to refine your profile and make an assumption that you are interested in luxury cycling gear.
An apparel company wishes to promote its new line of high-end baby clothes. It gets in touch with an agency that has a network of clients with high income customers (such as high-end supermarkets) and asks the agency to create profiles of young parents or couples who can be assumed to be wealthy and to have a new child, so that these can later be used to present advertising within partner apps based on those profiles.
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
An online retailer wants to advertise a limited sale on running shoes. It wants to target advertising to users who previously looked at running shoes on its mobile app. Tracking technologies might be used to recognise that you have previously used the mobile app to consult running shoes, in order to present you with the corresponding advertisement on the app.
A profile created for personalised advertising in relation to a person having searched for bike accessories on a website can be used to present the relevant advertisement for bike accessories on a mobile app of another organisation.
Create profiles to personalise content
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
You read several articles on how to build a treehouse on a social media platform. This information might be added to a profile to mark your interest in content related to outdoors as well as do-it-yourself guides (with the objective of allowing the personalisation of content, so that for example you are presented with more blog posts and articles on treehouses and wood cabins in the future).
You have viewed three videos on space exploration across different TV apps. An unrelated news platform with which you have had no contact builds a profile based on that viewing behaviour, marking space exploration as a topic of possible interest for other videos.
Use profiles to select personalised content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
You read articles on vegetarian food on a social media platform and then use the cooking app of an unrelated company. The profile built about you on the social media platform will be used to present you vegetarian recipes on the welcome screen of the cooking app.
You have viewed three videos about rowing across different websites. An unrelated video sharing platform will recommend five other videos on rowing that may be of interest to you when you use your TV app, based on a profile built about you when you visited those different websites to watch online videos.
Measure advertising performance
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
You have clicked on an advertisement about a “black Friday” discount by an online shop on the website of a publisher and purchased a product. Your click will be linked to this purchase. Your interaction and that of other users will be measured to know how many clicks on the ad led to a purchase.
You are one of very few to have clicked on an advertisement about an “international appreciation day” discount by an online gift shop within the app of a publisher. The publisher wants to have reports to understand how often a specific ad placement within the app, and notably the “international appreciation day” ad, has been viewed or clicked by you and other users, in order to help the publisher and its partners (such as agencies) optimise ad placements.
Measure content performance
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
You have read a blog post about hiking on a mobile app of a publisher and followed a link to a recommended and related post. Your interactions will be recorded as showing that the initial hiking post was useful to you and that it was successful in interesting you in the related post. This will be measured to know whether to produce more posts on hiking in the future and where to place them on the home screen of the mobile app.
You were presented a video on fashion trends, but you and several other users stopped watching after 30 seconds. This information is then used to evaluate the right length of future videos on fashion trends.
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
The owner of an online bookstore wants commercial reporting showing the proportion of visitors who consulted and left its site without buying, or consulted and bought the last celebrity autobiography of the month, as well as the average age and the male/female distribution of each category. Data relating to your navigation on its site and to your personal characteristics is then used and combined with other such data to produce these statistics.
An advertiser wants to better understand the type of audience interacting with its adverts. It calls upon a research institute to compare the characteristics of users who interacted with the ad with typical attributes of users of similar platforms, across different devices. This comparison reveals to the advertiser that its ad audience is mainly accessing the adverts through mobile devices and is likely in the 45-60 age range.
Develop and improve services
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
A technology platform working with a social media provider notices a growth in mobile app users, and sees based on their profiles that many of them are connecting through mobile connections. It uses a new technology to deliver ads that are formatted for mobile devices and that are low-bandwidth, to improve their performance.
An advertiser is looking for a way to display ads on a new type of consumer device. It collects information regarding the way users interact with this new kind of device to determine whether it can build a new mechanism for displaying advertising on this type of device.
Use limited data to select content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
A travel magazine has published an article on its website about the new online courses proposed by a language school, to improve travelling experiences abroad. The school’s blog posts are inserted directly at the bottom of the page, and selected on the basis of your non-precise location (for instance, blog posts explaining the course curriculum for different languages than the language of the country you are situated in).
A sports news mobile app has started a new section of articles covering the most recent football games. Each article includes videos hosted by a separate streaming platform showcasing the highlights of each match. If you fast-forward a video, this information may be used to select a shorter video to play next.
Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
Precise geolocation and information about device characteristics can be used.
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Share data and profiles not linked to your identity
Allows you to send the user profile obtained through deductive techniques along with your browsing data and an advertising identifier code to advertisers, advertising agencies, intermediaries and other operators that enable this exchange of information to assess whether your profile is within the target audience for a specific ad and, where appropriate, show you that ad based on your interests.
You can read the reasons behind these access modalities here.
Agree & continue
Privacy settings
… or with contentpass
Use as.com and 500 other websites, such as huffingtonpost.es and cadenaser.com, ad-free and tracking-free with contentpass for a flat rate of 3,99 € per month.
As an alternative to paying with your attention and data, contentpass allows you to use all participating websites without ad banners, ad cookies and personalized tracking.
Deny & surf ad-free
Log in with contentpass
Data Privacy
contentpass FAQ
MLB
American League
National League

MLB

Acuña stretches incredible record at exactly the right time
Already in the history books, Ronald Acuña Jr creates a new high with MLB’s first ever 40/70 season in clutch situational baseball.
Jeffrey MayJeff_DiarioAS
Update: Sep 28th, 2023 09:46 EDT
ERIK S. LESSEREFE

In a moment of brilliance, Ronald Acuña Jr did what he said was improbable only a few short weeks ago in stealing his 70th base of the season. Already in an exclusive club of one, he now extends that club to a new height not likely to be matched any time soon.

Acuña has achieved MLB’s first ever 40/70 season. No player has ever hit 40 or more home runs and stolen 70 or more bases in the same season.

Postecoglou y el estado de saludo de Bentancur
Debunking the myth

Already the naysayers are out in force, so allow me to start there. Yes, stealing is different this season. Pick off limits imposed on pitchers in Rob Manfred’s contentious radical redesign of baseball’s rulebook have increased the number of stolen bases and the perceived “ease” of stealing them.

But please allow me to retort. First, and most obvious is that you still have to actually steal the base. Professional pitchers and catchers are not just some guys from the bar. They know the deal. In a base stealing situation where he has already made his two allotted pick moves, the pitcher will often choose to go with heat rather than breaking pitches in the dirt. The catcher, likewise, isn’t the fat kid who has nowhere else to play. They are elite athletes, with world-class arms and are the best in the world at what they do. Not among the best. THE best.

Secondly, for those fans who say it is too easy now, well, if it is so easy, then why aren’t more players doing it? Of the speediest players in the league, those who are the biggest base stealing threats, only Esteury Ruiz with 65 stolen bases is within spitting distance of Acuña. Behind him is Corbin Carroll with 51, the only other player with over a half century in this category.

And of course, the record is for the double achievement of stolen bases AND home runs. Ruiz has only five bombs this season, while Carroll is at 25. Home run leader Matt Olson has stolen just one base this season, while Pete Alonso, Kyle Schwarber, and Shohei Ohtani, the only other players with over 40 home runs, have stolen just 24 bases combined.

Ronald Acuña Jr. knocks in the tying run, makes history, and scores the game-winning run.

2 minutes and 20 seconds of pure joy. pic.twitter.com/6qHo4YQPkd

— Baseball GIFs (@gifs_baseball) September 28, 2023
Situational baseball

What makes Acuña’s new record so impressive is that it came not at the tail end of a meaningless season, or in the middle of a blowout game, but as a key element in a key win for the Braves.

The Chicago Cubs needed to win in order to keep their Wild Card hopes alive, while the Braves needed the win in order to clinch home-field advantage throughout the playoffs. In the bottom of the ninth inning, with Kevin Pillar on third and trailing by one run, the Braves needed a hit. And Ronald Acuña Jr provided one. Not a shot for the bleachers, not a “I only want home runs” swing. But just bat-to-ball, inside-out, put-it-in-play hit.

Acuña’s hit tied the game.

And then, in a moment when everybody knew he was going to run, he ran anyway. The pitcher, fellow Venezuelan Daniel Palencia, could have picked over to first but didn’t. The catcher, Brazilian Yan Gomes has a great arm. He has thrown out 23 baserunners trying to steal this season and made a great throw to second. Acuña simply beat it.

The very next pitch, Ozzie Albies hit a single to right field, scoring Acuña to walk off the win. Not the next batter, not a few pitches away, but the very next pitch. And with that, the Atlanta Braves secured home-field advantage throughout the playoffs.

RELATED STORIES

MLB

Orioles legend Brooks Robinson passes away

MLB

Tightening the belt: Padres set to cut payroll to $200 million

No matter who you support, no matter where your allegiance lies, you must admit that the Braves are an exceptional team. And Ronald Acuña Jr is the right man, at exactly the right time. For the Braves and for MLB in general.

Fans everywhere, tip your hat. Ronald Acuña Jr has earned it.

Jeffrey May

About the author
Tagged in:
MLB
Béisbol
Baseball
Atlanta Braves
Ronald Acuña
We recommend these for you in MLB
MLB
Why Joc Pederson’s signing by the Texas Rangers might be the best move of the off season
MLB
Mookie Betts ball-grab Yankee fans banned from all MLB facilities indefinitely
MLB
Justin Verlander signs one year deal with Giants
MLB
Dodgers no longer sure thing to sign Roki Sasaki
MLB
Brian Matusz dies at age 37: What was the cause of death of the former Orioles pitcher?
MLB
Chicago Cubs set to go on a spending spree this off season
Most viewed
1

MLB

Brian Matusz dies at age 37: What was the cause of death of the former Orioles pitcher?
2

MLB

10 biggest sports rivalries
3

MLB

Who is the lowest-paid player in the MLB? Is there a minimum salary in MLB?
More news

DAZN

Enjoy live and on-demand online sports on DAZN. Activate your account
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://en.as.com/mlb/acuna-stretches-incredible-record-at-exactly-the-right-time-n/ 
 ----- 
