Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
MLB
20 FEB
<
Full Scoreboard »
>
20/2 8:05 PM
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
Menu
ESPN
	MLB
Home
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Stats
Teams
Transactions
Braves' Ronald Acuña Jr. becomes founding member of 40-70 club
Jesse Rogers, ESPN Staff Writer
Sep 28, 2023, 04:21 AM

ATLANTA -- Ronald Acuña Jr. wasn't going to let Wednesday's game end without making even more MLB history.

His steal of second base in the 10th inning of a hard-fought matchup between the Atlanta Braves and Chicago Cubs was Acuña's second of the night and 70th this season, making him the first player in MLB history to hit at least 40 home runs and steal 70 bases.

It came just moments before teammate Ozzie Albies drove him home for the winning run, setting off pandemonium at Truist Park as the Braves secured the No. 1 seed in the National League playoffs.

EDITOR'S PICKS
Braves surpass 300 HRs, eye MLB record of 307
1yJesse Rogers
MLB Power Rankings: Where every team stands entering the playoffs
1yESPN
An A+ for the O's ... and SIX F's!? Full regular-season grades for all 30 MLB teams
1yDavid Schoenfield

"Very happy, mostly that we were able to win," Acuña said through an interpreter after the 6-5 victory. "I'm extremely happy to have created the 40-70 club."

Acuña has 41 homers, extending a historic season that already saw him become the first 40-50 and 40-60 player. He is the second Braves player with 70 steals in a season since 1900, joining Otis Nixon in 1991 (72).

"It was one of those numbers that wasn't impossible but seemed impossible," Acuña said.

Atlanta erased deficits of 3-1, 4-3 and 5-4 against the Cubs, with Marcell Ozuna hitting a tying homer in the ninth before Acuña singled home Kevin Pillar to tie the game at 5 in the 10th. Then on the first pitch to Albies, Acuña took off for second, sliding safely in headfirst. He acknowledged the crowd, then took the base out of the ground and held it high above his head before sending it back to the dugout.

"It's crazy what he's done," Albies said. "I told myself I need to come through right here. Whatever it takes. I'm happy I came through in that spot and we won that game."

"That's about as good as it gets," Braves manager Brian Snitker said. "I thought it was great when he picked up the bag. The fans had to love that. We all did because it was a special moment." Erik S. Lesser/EPA

Added Acuña: "Super emotional game. It felt like a playoff atmosphere. This is a preview to what could be in the postseason."

By clinching the NL's top seed, the Braves will have home-field advantage through the National League Championship Series should they advance that far. Atlanta (102-56) needs one win to guarantee home-field advantage through the World Series.

"It's great if we get past the first round," Braves manager Brian Snitker said. "We had it in 2021 against the Dodgers, which is big. You play a team like that, you want to play as many games as you can here."

The loss was the second heartbreaker in a row for the Cubs, who are battling for their playoff lives in the NL wild-card race.

Most Home Runs In 70-Steal Season

Ronald Acuña Jr. became the first player with 40 home runs and 70 stolen bases in a season in MLB history. His 41 homers are 13 more than the next closest player with 70 steals, Rickey Henderson. He also has 24 more stolen bases than the next closest player in a 40-HR season (Alex Rodriguez, 1998).

YEAR	PLAYER	HR
2023	Ronald Acuña Jr.	41
1986	Rickey Henderson	28
1986	Eric Davis	27
-- ESPN Stats & Information

Chicago dropped into a tie with the Miami Marlins for the NL's third and final wild card at 82-76, but would lose a tiebreaker with them.

As meaningful as the win was for the Braves, it was secondary to Acuña's historic night.

"That's about as good as it gets," Snitker said. "I thought it was great when he picked up the bag. The fans had to love that. We all did because it was a special moment."

Ozuna had just one simple message regarding his teammate.

"I just say three words: MVP.

"It's no doubt."

ESPN Stats & Information and The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyYour US State Privacy RightsChildren's Online Privacy PolicyInterest-Based AdsAbout Nielsen MeasurementDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationContact UsDisney Ad Sales SiteWork for ESPNCorrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2025 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.co.uk/mlb/story/_/id/38509112/braves-ronald-acuna-jr-first-player-40-homers-70-steals-single-season 
 ----- 
