Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo
ADVERTISEMENT
SPORTS
Braves stop game for Ronald Acuña Jr.’s historic moment. ‘Absurd,’ Cubs announcers say
Atlanta Braves’ Ronald Acuña Jr. steals second base as the ball gets away from Chicago Cubs shortstop Dansby Swanson in the 10th inning Wednesday at Truist Park. With the stolen base, Acuña becomes the first member of the 40-home run, 70-stolen base club. (John Bazemore / Associated Press)
By Chuck Schilken
Staff Writer 
Sept. 28, 2023 1:03 PM PT
Share

It was a big moment for Ronald Acuña Jr.

When the Atlanta Braves slugger stole second base in the bottom of the 10th inning Wednesday night against the Chicago Cubs, he became the first player in Major League Baseball to hit at least 40 home runs and steal at least 70 bases in a single season.

But it was also a crucial moment for the visiting Cubs, who are fighting for their playoff lives. Acuña had just helped the Braves tie the game with an RBI single and now stood in scoring position with the chance to deliver another potentially devastating blow to Chicago’s postseason aspirations.

ADVERTISEMENT

It was not the moment to stop the game and recognize Acuña’s accomplishment — at least not as far as Cubs TV announcers Jon “Boog” Sciambi and Jim Deshaies were concerned.

DODGERS

Mookie Betts gets final chance to catch Ronald Acuña Jr. in MVP race
Sept. 27, 2023

Acuña was allowed to remove the base to save for posterity, while another was put in its place on the field. The crowd at Truist Park stood and cheered as a video honoring Acuña played in the stadium.

Meanwhile, Sciambi and Deshaies voiced their displeasure on the Marquee Sports Network broadcast.

Sciambi: “We’re really stopping the game to do a highlight montage?”

Deshaies: “Can we get the base after the game? This is pretty absurd. I mean, it’s a hell of an accomplishment, but ...”

ADVERTISEMENT

Sciambi: “Totally, but you can’t stop the game to run a highlight montage.”

The Times reached out to Marquee Sports Network for comment from Sciambi and Deshaies and did not receive an immediate response. The Braves declined to comment for this article.

SPORTS

MLB awards races: Will Dodgers’ manager Dave Roberts again be overlooked?
Sept. 26, 2023

After the game resumed, Ozzie Albies singled on the second pitch to bring Acuña across the plate for a 6-5 Braves win. With the loss, the Cubs dropped to 82-76 and into a tie with the Miami Marlins for the final National League wild-card spot with four games remaining.

Braves’ Ronald Acuña Jr. holds up the second-base bag after swiping his 70th stolen base of the season. (John Bazemore / Associated Press)

Acuña has 41 home runs this season. No other 40-home run hitter had stolen more than 46 bases the same year (Alex Rodriguez in 1998).

MLB players have 3,418 stolen bases this season. That is the third most in the league’s live-ball era (since 1920), behind only the 3,421 stolen in 1999 and the 3,585 stolen in 1987. Base runners this season have been helped by a new rule that allows pitchers to step off the rubber only twice during a plate appearance. Also, the bases are bigger at 18 square inches, up from 15 in previous seasons.

Acuña and the Dodgers’ Mookie Betts are considered to be the front runners in the NL MVP race, and a milestone moment in the final week of the regular season might have been enough to put the Braves star over the top.

ADVERTISEMENT

Acuña seemed to appreciate the opportunity to soak it all in.

“It’s really an incredible moment,” he told reporters after the game through an interpreter.

.@RonaldAcunaJr24 made history, but his kids stole the show at the postgame presser. ❤️ pic.twitter.com/7d9kmQQzjX

— MLB (@MLB) September 28, 2023
More to Read
Shohei Ohtani had only 16 stolen bases in June. Then he made it ‘a really special season’
Sept. 24, 2024
Champagne, hugs and T-shirts: Inside the unforgettable night Shohei Ohtani reached 50-50
Sept. 20, 2024
Shohei Ohtani sparks four-homer first inning, moves closer to 50-50 in Dodgers’ win
Sept. 12, 2024
SPORTSDODGERSWORLD & NATION
Newsletter

Go beyond the scoreboard

Get the latest on L.A.'s teams in the daily Sports Report newsletter.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

Chuck Schilken
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Chuck Schilken is a sports reporter on the Fast Break team. He spent more than 18 years with the Los Angeles Times’ Sports Department in a variety of roles. Before joining The Times, he worked for more than a decade as a sports reporter and editor at newspapers in Virginia and Maryland.

More From the Los Angeles Times

HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS

Prep talk: LaMelo Ball returns to town with the Charlotte Hornets
44 minutes ago

SPORTS

Letters to Sports: Cori Close has built her own pyramid of success
1 hour ago

HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS

Prep basketball roundup: Kaiden Bailey leads Santa Margarita past JSerra
Jan. 10, 2025

SPORTS

Ohio State defeats Texas in Cotton Bowl, will face Notre Dame for national title
Jan. 10, 2025
Most Read in Sports

SPORTS

Riviera Country Club still stands after Palisades fire. Will it host Genesis Invitational next month?
Jan. 10, 2025

SPORTS

Gary Hall Jr. won 10 Olympic medals in the water. Then he lost them in the Palisades fire
Jan. 10, 2025

UCLA SPORTS

Mick Cronin says his ejection was intentional as UCLA crumbles in loss to Maryland
Jan. 10, 2025

SPORTS

These 3 talking heads worked at Fox Sports and have something to say about Skip Bayless, Joy Taylor lawsuit
Jan. 7, 2025
Subscribers are Reading
Los Angeles has never seen this level of destruction: ‘Everything is burned down’
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
These are the Malibu and Altadena restaurants damaged or destroyed by ongoing L.A. fires
Before-and-after satellite images show destruction in Malibu and Altadena
Latest Sports
Adrian Kempe scores in overtime to lift Kings to victory over Jets
Jan. 10, 2025
Lakers and Clippers games for Saturday postponed because of L.A. fires
Jan. 10, 2025
Legendary Palisades High tennis coach Bud Kling lost his home in Palisades fire
Jan. 10, 2025
Prime Video’s use of AI, Next Gen Stats on NFL games is helping viewers understand the game better
Jan. 10, 2025
L.A. sports teams and Fanatics launch ‘L.A. Strong’ fire relief campaign
Jan. 10, 2025
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/story/2023-09-28/ronald-acuna-jr-40-70-club-cubs-announcers-mookie-betts-nl-mvp 
 ----- 
