Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Braves stop game for Ronald Acuña Jr.'s historic moment. 'Absurd,' Cubs announcers say
CHUCK SCHILKEN
September 28, 2023 at 3:03 PM
Atlanta Braves' Ronald Acuña Jr. steals second base as the ball gets away from Chicago Cubs shortstop Dansby Swanson in the 10th inning Wednesday at Truist Park. With the stolen base, Acuña becomes the first member of the 40-home run, 70-stolen base club. (John Bazemore / Associated Press)

It was a big moment for Ronald Acuña Jr.

When the Atlanta Braves slugger stole second base in the bottom of the 10th inning Wednesday night against the Chicago Cubs, he became the first player in Major League Baseball to hit at least 40 home runs and steal at least 70 bases in a single season.

But it was also a crucial moment for the visiting Cubs, who are fighting for their playoff lives. Acuña had just helped the Braves tie the game with an RBI single and now stood in scoring position with the chance to deliver another potentially devastating blow to Chicago's postseason aspirations.

It was not the moment to stop the game and recognize Acuña's accomplishment — at least not as far as Cubs TV announcers Jon "Boog" Sciambi and Jim Deshaies were concerned.

Read more:Mookie Betts gets final chance to catch Ronald Acuña Jr. in MVP race

Acuña was allowed to remove the base to save for posterity, while another was put in its place on the field. The crowd at Truist Park stood and cheered as a video honoring Acuña played in the stadium.

Meanwhile, Sciambi and Deshaies voiced their displeasure on the Marquee Sports Network broadcast.

Sciambi: “We’re really stopping the game to do a highlight montage?”

Deshaies: “Can we get the base after the game? This is pretty absurd. I mean, it’s a hell of an accomplishment, but ...”

Sciambi: “Totally, but you can’t stop the game to run a highlight montage.”

The Times reached out to Marquee Sports Network for comment from Sciambi and Deshaies and did not receive an immediate response. The Braves declined to comment for this article.

Read more:MLB awards races: Will Dodgers' manager Dave Roberts again be overlooked?

After the game resumed, Ozzie Albies singled on the second pitch to bring Acuña across the plate for a 6-5 Braves win. With the loss, the Cubs dropped to 82-76 and into a tie with the Miami Marlins for the final National League wild-card spot with four games remaining.

Braves' Ronald Acuña Jr. holds up the second-base bag after swiping his 70th stolen base of the season. (John Bazemore / Associated Press)

Acuña has 41 home runs this season. No other 40-home run hitter had stolen more than 46 bases the same year (Alex Rodriguez in 1998).

MLB players have 3,418 stolen bases this season. That is the third most in the league's live-ball era (since 1920), behind only the 3,421 stolen in 1999 and the 3,585 stolen in 1987. Base runners this season have been helped by a new rule that allows pitchers to step off the rubber only twice during a plate appearance. Also, the bases are bigger at 18 square inches, up from 15 in previous seasons.

Acuña and the Dodgers' Mookie Betts are considered to be the front runners in the NL MVP race, and a milestone moment in the final week of the regular season might have been enough to put the Braves star over the top.

Acuña seemed to appreciate the opportunity to soak it all in.

“It's really an incredible moment,” he told reporters after the game through an interpreter.

.@RonaldAcunaJr24 made history, but his kids stole the show at the postgame presser. ❤️ pic.twitter.com/7d9kmQQzjX

— MLB (@MLB) September 28, 2023

Sign up for the L.A. Times SoCal high school sports newsletter to get scores, stories and a behind-the-scenes look at what makes prep sports so popular.

This story originally appeared in Los Angeles Times.

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
CNN
Prince Harry and Meghan make surprise appearance to comfort people affected by LA wil…
Associated Press
Sam Moore, who sang ‘Soul Man’ in Sam & Dave duo, dies at 89 due to surgery complicat…
Finance
NBC Universal
Chuck E. Cheese makes a comeback, with trampolines and a subscription program
Reuters
Location-tracking company Unacast tells Norway its data was hacked, broadcaster says
Food
The Today Show
Joy Bauer shares a healthy meal plan to start your new year off right
Delish
It’s officially 'Quitting Day,' so we’re ditching our resolutions to celebrate with t…
Lighter Side
USA TODAY
Butter fingers: Couple crafts 1,000-pound sculpture that will melt your heart
People
Woman's dry January invite to friends, family goes viral after they reject her one by…
Sports
USA TODAY Sports
College Football Playoff title game matches Ohio State, Notre Dame: Three keys to gam…
Associated Press
Lindsey Vonn impresses skiing into 6th place in her first World Cup downhill race sin…
Weather
AccuWeather
Death toll climbs to 11 and thousands of structures destroyed in California wildfires
Fox Weather
Winter storm blasts Southeast with snow, dangerous ice as widespread impacts reach 25…

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/news/braves-stop-game-ronald-acu-200359837.html 
 ----- 
