This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Notice
Skip to main content
Open Main Menu Navigation
Open Search
CLEAR ICON
50º
Go to the WKMG homepage
Sign In
Open the WKMG News 6 & ClickOrlando Help Desk
NEWS
WEATHER
NEWS 6+
GETTING RESULTS.
TRAFFIC
FEATURES
SPORTS
WKMG
NEWSLETTERS
SPORTS
Shohei Ohtani stolen base streak ends at 36, caught for first time since July 22

Associated Press

Published: October 13, 2024 at 9:44 PM
Tags: Sports, Patrick Bailey, Francisco Alvarez, Shohei Ohtani
Full Screen
1 / 6
Previous photo
Next photo
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani celebrates with Kevin Kiermaier (93) after scoring on a double by Mookie Betts during the eighth inning in Game 1 of a baseball NL Championship Series against the New York Mets, Sunday, Oct. 13, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani gets caught stealing by New York Mets shortstop Francisco Lindor during the second inning in Game 1 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Sunday, Oct. 13, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani celebrates after scoring on a double by Mookie Betts during the eighth inning in Game 1 of a baseball NL Championship Series against the New York Mets, Sunday, Oct. 13, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani celebrates after his RBI double against the New York Mets during the fourth inning in Game 1 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Sunday, Oct. 13, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani, right, bumps heads with first base coach Clayton McCullough after his single against the New York Mets during the second inning in Game 1 of a baseball NL Championship Series, Sunday, Oct. 13, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani celebrates with Kik Hernndez after scoring on a double by Mookie Betts during the eighth inning in Game 1 of a baseball NL Championship Series against the New York Mets, Sunday, Oct. 13, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved

Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani celebrates with Kevin Kiermaier (93) after scoring on a double by Mookie Betts during the eighth inning in Game 1 of a baseball NL Championship Series against the New York Mets, Sunday, Oct. 13, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

TV Listings

Email Newsletters

RSS Feeds

Contests and Rules

Contact Us / Follow on Social Media

Careers at WKMG

Closed Captioning / Audio Description

Public File

Current EEO Report

Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Do Not Sell My Info

FCC Applications

EEO Report

Disability Assistance

Cookie Preferences

FOLLOW US
Visit our YouTube page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Facebook page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Instagram page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our X page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our RSS Feed page (opens in a new tab)
GET RESULTS WITH OMNE

If you need help with the Public File, call (407) 291-6000.

At WKMG, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.

Copyright © 2025 ClickOrlando.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.clickorlando.com/gallery/sports/2024/10/14/shohei-ohtani-stolen-base-streak-ends-at-36-caught-for-first-time-since-july-22/ 
 ----- 
