Skip to content
Subscribe Now
20°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Suspect arrested in 4 weekend stabbings around Denver’s 16th Street Mall following a 2nd fatality
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESNews
Bottom of Rockies’ order lifts them to 8-2 win over Marlins
Rookie Aaron Schunk hits first major-league homer
Colorado Rockies second baseman Aaron Schunk (30) tosses his bat after hitting his first MLB home run against Miami Marlins pitcher Max Meyer (23) in the 5th inning at Coors Field in Denver Wednesday, Aug. 28, 2024. (Photo by Andy Cross/The Denver Post)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: August 28, 2024 at 10:29 PM MDT

The bottom third of the Rockies’ order has not been very potent. That’s an understatement.

But it delivered big-time Wednesday night in Colorado’s 8-2 win over the floundering Marlins at Coors Field. No. 9 hole hitter Aaron Shunk, getting a rare start at second base, hit 2-for-3 and blasted the first homer of his career. The rookie entered the game hitting .148.

“That felt pretty good, I’ve been working really hard on my swing,” said Schunk, who had high hopes that the Rockies would be able to retrieve his home run baseball.

Schunk said he’s tried not to press when he does get playing time.

“I just want to go out there and play the way I always (have),” said Schunk, who is batting .259 with three extra-base hits in August after batting .115 in July. “It’s definitely a different role for me, but I’ve been learning, and I have a lot of good guys helping me.”

Rookie catcher Drew Romo, hitting eighth, went 2-for-4 with an RBI. He began the night batting .158.

And left fielder Nolan Jones, who had a .208 average coming in, hit 2-for-3 with a walk, delivering RBI singles in the third and sixth.

“When you play as many games as we do, obviously you want the big boys to produce over the course of six months,” manager Bud Black said. “In most cases, that’s what they are paid to do — to be producers of runs.

“But when you get contributions from the bottom of the order, it’s really nice, especially on the nights when other guys aren’t delivering. That’s how you win games. That’s how you win a lot of games, where you don’t just rely on the big boys.”

Miami’s vice Wednesday night came in the form of four ugly errors, which helped turn a close game into a Colorado cruiser. And shortstop Ezequiel Tovar ripped a two-run double to right-center in the eighth, ensuring the Marlins had no comeback plans. Tovar has 39 doubles.

Rockies starter Kyle Freeland did what Freeland does. Utilizing and effective changeup and a good inside fastball, he kept the Marlins off-balance for six innings and got big outs when needed.

For example, in the Marlins’ fifth inning, a one-out double by Connor Norby and an infield single by Jake Burger had Freeland in trouble. But he struck out Jonah Bride with a wicked slider and got Derek Hill to ground out to second.

It was a night of milestones for Freeland. The Denver native has now pitched 1,069 1/3 innings for the Rockies, surpassing Jeff Francis (1,066) for the third-most innings pitched in franchise history. His strikeout of Hill in the fourth inning was the 800th of his career, making him the fourth Colorado pitcher to reach that plateau.

Freeland scattered six hits, struck out five and walked only one. In eight starts at Coors Field, he owns a 3.74 ERA. He improved to 4-6 and earned the 59th win of his career, passing Jason Jennings for the fifth-most in franchise history.

“It’s awesome,” the 31-year-old lefty said about moving up the Colorado charts. “Obviously I’ve had a somewhat long career here as a Rockie and I’m starting to hit some of those milestones and I’m creeping up those leaderboards and I’m trying to nip at ‘Marquie’s’ (German Marquez’s) heels on a few of them.

“But it’s very special to know that I’m posted up with some of those guys I grew up watching, and loving to watch. So it’s really cool.”

After the Rockies’ epic ninth-inning collapse in a 9-8 loss to the Marlins on Tuesday night, they needed a drama-free performance from their bullpen.

Rookie right-hander Jeff Criswell delivered, pitching a scoreless seventh and eighth, striking out five and issuing a solo walk. Anthony Molina pitched a scoreless ninth.

The Marlins struck first on Hill’s leadoff homer in the second inning. He ripped Freeland’s first-pitch sinker 378 feet into the left-field bleachers.

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades

The Rockies tied the game, 1-1, in the bottom of the frame. Brenton Doyle drew a leadoff walk from Max Meyer, advanced to second on a groundout and scored on Jones’ single to right.

Miami’s sloppy defense led to Colorado’s 2-1 lead in the third. Romo led off with a bloop single and hustled to second when center fielder Cristian Pache misplayed the ball. Romo scored on Meyer’s throwing error on a pickoff attempt.

The Marlins tied the game, 2-2, in the fourth, combining a leadoff single from Jonah Bride, a two-out Otto Lopez and an RBI single by rookie Griffin Conine.

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Thursday’s pitching matchup

Marlins RHP Valente Bellozo (2-2, 3.35 ERA) at Rockies RHP Bradley Blalock (1-0, 3.06)

1:10 p.m. Thursday, Coors Field

TV: Rockies.TV (streaming); Comcast/Xfinity (channel 1262); DirecTV (683); Spectrum (130, 445, 305, 435 or 445, depending on region).

Radio: 850 AM/94.1 FM

Blalock, acquired via a trade with Milwaukee in exchange for reliever Nick Mears just before the trade deadline, will make his fourth career start. He’s coming off a strong showing at Yankee Stadium last Saturday when he notched his first big-league victory. He held the Yankees to two runs on five hits over 5 1/3 innings. He struck out five but also walked four. “There’s a lot to like,” manager Bud Black said. “Bigger picture, he’s got to locate that fastball a little better — like all young pitchers, in this day and age. But there are some weapons.”

Bellozo, 24, will make his eighth career start tomorrow, his fifth on the road, and his first against Colorado. He was hit hard in his last start against the Cubs, getting shelled for six runs on seven hits with five walks, one strikeout and three homers in just 4 2/3 innings. He owns a 1.61 ERA in four road games compared to a 5.87 ERA in three home starts.

Pitching probables

Friday: Orioles RHP Albert Suarez (6-4, 3.18) at Rockies LHP Austin Gomber (4-9, 4.70), 6:40 p.m.

Saturday: Orioles RHP Dean Kremer (6-9, 4.31) at Rockies RHP Ryan Feltner (1-10, 4.95), 6:10 p.m.

Originally Published: August 28, 2024 at 9:31 PM MDT
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Keeler: Sean Payton let Bo Nix, Broncos down in humbling NFL playoffs loss to Buffalo
Renck: Playoff blowout to Bills shows how far away Sean Payton’s Broncos are from being contenders — botched call or not
1 killed, 2 injured in string of stabbings along Denver’s 16th Street Mall
Suspect arrested in 4 weekend stabbings around Denver’s 16th Street Mall following a 2nd fatality
Michael Malone almost shut down Jamal Murray at halftime in Dallas. Then Murray catalyzed a comeback win: “He’s not 100% healthy.”
Colorado agency approves $475M in bonds for purchase of The Stanley Hotel
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
A celebration of women’s hockey in Colorado sets American attendance record for PWHL Takeover
Can Colorado's electric grid keep up as coal plants close and data centers open?
Immigrants in Denver weighing options — from self-deporting to fleeing to Canada — ahead of Trump presidency
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Evacuations soar in the San Fernando Valley, Brentwood as Palisades fire extends to Day 5
Hit by an NYPD cruiser, she tried to report the accident. That’s when the runaround started.
Searchable map: Houses destroyed in Los Angeles’ Palisades fire
Owner of three struggling Connecticut hospitals files for bankruptcy 
Macy’s is closing 66 stores nationwide
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
2024
August
28
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/08/28/rockies-win-over-marlins-coors-field/ 
 ----- 
