Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Miami Marlins Make Wild Stamp in Baseball History with Comeback Win vs. Colorado Rockies
The Miami Marlins scored five times in the top of the ninth inning to beat the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night, making some unique baseball history in the process.
Brady Farkas | Aug 28, 2024
Miami Marlins left fielder Jesus Sanchez (12) gestures to first base coach Jon Jay (11) on a three run home run in the ninth inning against the Colorado Rockies at Coors Field on Aug 27. / Isaiah J. Downing-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
Miami Marlins
Colorado Rockies

The Miami Marlins scored five runs in the top of the ninth inning on Tuesday night to stun the Colorado Rockies, 9-8, at Coors Field.

In a battle that could go a long way toward deciding the worst team in the National League this season, it was a thrilling game. Miami is now 48-84 while Colorado is 49-84.

The big blasts in the ninth inning came via an RBI double from Jake Burger and then a three-run home run from Jesus Sanchez. The five runs were scored with nobody out as the Marlins just underwent an offensive onslaught.

In the win, Miami joined some extremely rare baseball history. Actually, on multiple fronts. Per @OptaSTATS on social media:

The 2024 @Marlins:

- 2nd MLB team in modern era to trail by 4+ runs in the 9th & come back to win 3 times in same season (1979 Indians, 4x)

- 2nd MLB team in modern era to trail by 4+ runs in the 9th & come back to win twice vs. same team in same season (1926 Yankees, vs. Det)

It's been that kind of year for Colorado, who has the worst ninth-inning ERA of any major league team in the last 50 years.

The two teams will play again on Wednesday night with the first pitch coming at 8:40 p.m. ET. Youngster Max Meyer will pitch for Miami while Kyle Freeland takes the ball for the Rockies.

Meyer is 3-3 with a 5.44 ERA while the veteran Freeland is 3-6 with a 5.70.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our FanNation on SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Aug 28, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/miami-marlins-make-wild-stamp-in-baseball-history-with-comeback-win-vs-colorado-rockies-on-tuesday-night 
 ----- 
