Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Colorado Rockies' Bullpen on Pace to Make History After Latest 9th inning Meltdown
The Miami Marlins scored five runs in the top of the ninth on Tuesday to come back and beat the Colorado Rockies, who now boast a 7.44 ERA in the ninth inning this season.
Sam Connon | Aug 28, 2024
Aug 27, 2024; Denver, Colorado, USA; Colorado Rockies relief pitcher Angel Chivilli (57) reacts after giving up a three run home run in the ninth inning against the Miami Marlins at Coors Field. / Isaiah J. Downing-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
Colorado Rockies
Miami Marlins

Just as the Miami Marlins made history with their shocking comeback win on Tuesday night, the Colorado Rockies set themselves up to break an unsavory record by choking away another late lead.

Colorado led Miami 8-4 heading into the top of the ninth. Tyler Kinley took the mound to open the inning, and he immediately loaded the bases by allowing a double, a single and a walk.

A two-RBI double from Jake Burger made it an 8-6 contest and forced Rockies manager Bud Black to yank Kinley before he even recorded an out. Angel Chivilli hardly fared any better, as he immediately gave up a three-run home run to Jesús Sánchez.

Chivilli may have retired the next three batters he faced, but the damage had already been done. Colorado went down in order in the bottom of the ninth and Miami claimed the 9-8 victory.

This wasn't the first time the Rockies suffered a historic meltdown against the Marlins this season, either. Back on April 30, Colorado blew a 5-0 ninth-inning lead to Miami and lost 7-6 in extras.

The Rockies currently boast a 7.44 ERA in the ninth inning this season.

According to OptaSTATS, that is on pace to be the highest team ERA in the ninth inning by any MLB team over the last 50 years, excluding the COVID-shortened 2020 campaign. The current record belongs to the 2023 Rockies, who had a 7.17 ERA in the ninth inning.

Going one step further, the Rockies' 7.44 ninth-inning ERA is the highest by any National League team in any inning over the last 50 years, minimum 75 innings pitched.

The Rockies' league-worst 5.41 bullpen ERA from 2023 has ballooned to 5.65 so far in 2024.

Victor Vodnik has the lowest ERA in Colorado's revolving door of closers this season at 4.04, but he went on the 15-day injured list with right bicep inflammation on Aug. 21. Vodnik and Jalen Beeks, who boasts a 4.74 ERA, co-lead the Rockies with nine saves this season.

Four other Colorado pitchers have finished double-digit games this season, none of whom have an ERA below 5.56.

Chivili, a 22-year-old rookie, had actually gone 1-0 with a 0.00 ERA, 0.947 WHIP, .143 batting average against, 9.9 strikeouts per nine innings, a save and two holds in his previous six outings leading up to Tuesday. The moment he was tossed into a do-or-die scenario, though, he folded, and his ninth-inning ERA this season climbed to 8.31 in the process.

The Rockies and Marlins have two games remaining in their series at Coors Field. The two last-place teams will face off next at 8:40 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Aug 28, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/colorado-rockies-bullpen-on-pace-to-make-history-after-latest-9th-inning-meltdown-vs-miami-marlins-tyler-kinley-angel-chivilli-team-era-01j6cjwdaea0 
 ----- 
