CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Qatar Sport
World Cup Qualifiers: Almoez stars as Qatar beat Kyrgyzstan for crucial win

Published: 10 Oct 2024 - 08:59 pm | Last Updated: 10 Oct 2024 - 10:53 pm

Qatar's players celebrate after their win against Kyrgyzstan during their 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualification football match at Thumama Stadium in Doha on October 10, 2024. (Photo by Karim Jaafar / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
Fawad Hussain | The Peninsula

Doha: Striker Almoez Ali scored a goal besides providing an assist as Qatar secured their first victory in third round of the FIFA World Cup 2026 Asian Qualifiers, overpowering Kyrgyzstan 3-1 at Al Thumama Stadium this evening, October 10. 

Almoez opened the scoring in the 39th minute, breaking the deadlock before Kyrgyzstan’s Tamirlan Kozubaev turned the ball into his own net in the 63rd minute, doubling the lead for two-time Asian champions. 

Despite a stunning strike from Alimardon Shukurov that brought Kyrgyzstan back into the match in 76th minute, substitute Ibrahim Al Hassan sealed the win just five minutes later, with an assist from Almoez, in front of 25,195 spectators.

Qatar's forwards #19 Almoez Ali and #10 Akram Afif celebrate after their win against Kyrgyzstan during their 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualification football match at Thumama Stadium in Doha on October 10, 2024. (Photo by Karim Jaafar / AFP)

The victory moved Marquez Lopez’s side up to four points in Group A, where they sit fourth. Uzbekistan lead the group, having played out a goalless draw against Iran in Tashkent on Thursday, with both teams tied on seven points but Uzbekistan topping the standings on goal difference. 

The UAE stayed third, level on points with Qatar but ahead due to a superior goal difference after a 1-1 draw against North Korea, who are fifth with two points. Kyrgyzstan, under Maksim Lisitsyn, remain at the bottom after suffering their third consecutive defeat.

Lopez will be pushing for greater accuracy from his players when they face Iran on Tuesday, as Qatar squandered several goal-scoring opportunities despite a dominant display with over two dozen attempts against Kyrgyzstan.

Qatar's Spanish coach Tintin Marquez gestures during the 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualification football match between Qatar and Kyrgyzstan at Thumama Stadium in Doha on October 10, 2024. (Photo by Karim Jaafar / AFP)

“We created many opportunities and converted them on three occasions. I am happy with team’s overall performance, and most importantly the three points which we have earned from this game,” said the Qatar coach.

With Iran up next, Akram Afif said Qatar’s “best is yet to come”. 

“It was not an easy game and we have earned a well-deserved win. We thank fans for their great support today,” he said.

“We are not looking at results of other games as we our completely focused on ourselves. Now our next target is a win against Iran.”

Qatar’s starting line-up saw Abdelkarim Hassan making his first appearance for the national team since the FIFA World Cup 2022 with Boualem Khoukhi also returning to the squad.   

Seeking a victory after a shock loss to the UAE and draw against North Korea, Qatar entered the match with an aggressive mindset, dominating possession and launching attacks right from the kick off. 

Qatar supporters cheer for their team during the 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualification football match between Qatar and Kyrgyzstan at Thumama Stadium in Doha on October 10, 2024. (Photo by Karim Jaafar / AFP)

Their determination was clear, as they created numerous chances throughout the opening half. Khoukhi gave Kyrgyzstan an early scare with a free-kick from just outside the box, but goalkeeper Erzhan Tokotayev handled the shot. 

Qatar’s high-pressing football pushed Kyrgyzstan onto the back foot. Edmilson Junior, named in starting XI for first time, and Afif came close to finding the net, but their shots narrowly missed the mark. 

Kyrgyzstan struggled to build momentum early on, managing their first attempt after the opening quarter when Joel Kojo struck from just outside the box, only to see his effort drift wide.

Qatar continued to press, with Almoez and Khoukhi making further attempts on goal. At the half-hour mark, Kojo again threatened, this time receiving a precise through pass from Shukurov. His left-sided strike forced Meshaal Barsham into action, but the Qatar goalkeeper was quick to punch the ball to safety.

As Qatar piled on the pressure, Hassan missed the target, but the breakthrough finally came. 

Almoez found the back of the net from close range, capitalising on a corner kick. The goal was set up after a chaotic sequence where Edmilson Junior’s shot from a set-piece took a deflection, and Abdulrahman Fahmi Moustafa’s header struck the post, setting the stage for Almoez’s tap-in.

Qatar picked up where they left off, resuming the second half with the same intensity and hunger for goals. Just moments after the restart, Edmilson Junior unleashed a powerful strike from the left side of the box, but his effort narrowly missed the target, setting the tone for the second half.

Afif was once again in the thick of the action, testing Kyrgyzstan’s goalkeeper with a well-placed free kick from the left. Tokotayev made the save, but Afif soon found himself with a golden opportunity to extend Qatar’s lead. After a precise through ball from Almoez, Afif found himself one-on-one with Tokotayev but he chipped the ball just over the bar letting the visitors off the hook.

However, Qatar’s relentless pressure paid off in the 63rd minute. Afif’s dangerous cross from the right forced Kyrgyzstan’s defender Kozubaev into an unfortunate mistake, as he accidentally turned the ball into his own net, giving Qatar a 2-0 lead.

Kyrgyzstan, determined to fight back, found a lifeline through Shukurov. His powerful left-footed strike from outside the box deflected off Barsham’s glove before landing in the net, cutting the lead to 2-1.

But Qatar responded swiftly, ensuring there would be no upset. Just five minutes after Shukurov’s goal, Ibrahim, who had previously scored against the UAE, sealed the victory with a clinical finish. A well-timed pass from Almoez inside the box found Ibrahim in space, and he made no mistake, slotting the ball past Tokotayev to restore Qatar’s two-goal advantage.

Qatar vs Iran tie moved to UAE 

The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) yesterday moved Tuesday’s match between Qatar and Iran in third round of FIFA World Cup Qualifiers to a neutral venue in the UAE. 
Iran were initially scheduled to host their home tie in Mashhad.  

“The decision to host the match in a neutral venue was taken after careful consideration of the prevailing security situation and in consultation with FIFA and the relevant stakeholders,” AFC said in a statement on Thursday. 

“Details regarding the specific venue in the UAE will be updated.”

Football
Man City players still believe in Guardiola, says Foden
Spanish football federation elects Louzan as new president, despite ongoing legal case
Italy or Germany to host Nations League finals
Barca's Yamal faces 3-4 weeks out with ankle injury
Formula One
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
Verstappen faces ban next year if he collects more penalties
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors' title
Mercedes boss slams team over 'inexcusable' Hamilton flop

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Qatar Central Bank announces two-day holiday for National Day
Strong wind forecasted for Qatar National Day 
Qatar National Day festivities set for 974 Beach
Foundation laid for electric bus plant at Um Alhoul Free Zone, production from next year
List of family-friendly activities lined up at Msheireb for Qatar National Day
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
Macron to visit France's cyclone-battered Mayotte
SoftBank pledges to invest $100 bn into US, creating 100,000 jobs
Italian population keeps ageing in 2023
New genus of sauropodomorph dinosaur identified in China's Yunnan
Doha Today
Angry Birds World launches Flock Fest: A vibrant season of family fun and entertainment
AFG College with the University of Aberdeen holds alumni gala
Malabar Gold & Diamonds Factory Division in Qatar wins prestigious QHSE Excellence Award 2023 by Manateq
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2024   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/10/10/2024/qatar-beat-kyrgyzstan-for-crucial-win-in-world-cup-qualifiers 
 ----- 
