ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Gavi ACL Injury Spoils Spain's Win Over Georgia
Spain beat Georgia 3-1 to finish top of Group A in Euro 2024 qualifying. But the win was marred by a serious ankle injury sustained by Barcelona starlet Gavi.
Robert Summerscales | Nov 19, 2023
Gavi ACL Injury Spoils Spain's Win Over Georgia /

Spain beat Georgia 3-1 on Sunday to finish top of Group A in Euro 2024 qualifying.

La Roja will therefore be among the top-seeded teams for next summer's tournament.

Ferran Torres assisted Robin Le Normand for Spain's opening goal at Valladolid's Estadio Jose Zorrilla.

Khvicha Kvaratskhelia equalized for Georgia before Torres netted to restore Spain's lead in the 55th minute.

Torres celebrated his goal by holding up the jersey of Spain and Barcelona teammate Gavi.

Ferran Torres pictured holding up the jersey of Spain teammate Gavi after scoring in a 3-1 win over Georgia :: IMAGO/NurPhoto/Jose Breton

Nineteen-year-old Gavi, who had been making his 27th senior international appearance, had earlier left the field in tears.

Gavi was subbed off midway through the first half with a serious knee injury.

That injury - which was later diagnosed as an anterior cruciate ligament tear - occurred when Gavi's right knee jarred under his bodyweight after he had controlled a high pass on his chest.

Spain's third goal of the game arrived in the 72nd minute. It was an own goal scored by Luka Lochoshvili.

Elsewhere in Group A on Sunday, Scotland drew 3-3 with Norway in Glasgow.

Spain won the group with 21 points, ahead of Scotland on 17.

Published Nov 19, 2023
ROBERT SUMMERSCALES

Robert Summerscales launched FanNation Futbol in February 2022. Rob is a British journalist who previously spent two years on the sports desk at the Daily Mail in London, having earlier served as editor of CaughtOffside.com. He has been to the last two FIFA Men's World Cups, in Russia and Qatar, and is looking forward to completing his hat-trick in North America in 2026.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/soccer/futbol/news/gavi-injury-spoils-spain-win-over-georgia 
 ----- 
