SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
EURO
BARCELONA DEFENDER PAU CUBARSI LEFT OUT OF SPAIN'S EURO 2024 SQUAD
Barcelona defender Pau Cubarsi left out of Spain's Euro 2024 squad
Reuters,
07.06.2024 11:21
Updated 07.06.2024 12:00
Cubarsi has been left out
Reuters
Spain manager Luis de la Fuente left Barcelona's defender Pau Cubarsi (17) and midfielders Marcos Llorente (29) and Aleix Garcia (26) out of his 26-man squad for the European Championship on Friday.

Cubarsi's consistency and ability to play the ball out from the back made him one of the breakout players in LaLiga this season. Yet that was not enough to earn him a spot at Euro 2024 as De la Fuente decided to stick with a more seasoned group of centre backs in Robin Le Normand, Nacho Fernandez, Aymeric Laporte and Dani Vivian.

Former Manchester City defender Laporte, 30, has been one of the biggest question marks surrounding De la Fuente's squad since he fell out of favour with City manager Pep Guardiola and moved to Saudi Arabia's Al-Nassr last year.

After being left out of the Euro 2024 squad, Cubarsi now is expected to make Spain's Olympic selection that will compete in Paris after winning the silver medal at the Tokyo Games.

Former Newcastle United and Leicester City forward Ayoze Perez, who chipped in with a goal and an assist on his international debut at the age of 30 in Wednesday's 5-0 friendly win over Andorra, was one of the surprise names in a squad that will travel to Germany with eight attackers.

The other surprise was Barcelona's 21-year-old midfielder Fermin Lopez, who also made his debut on Wednesday and came off the bench to provide an assist and inject the same energy into Spain. He was one of the few bright spots in Barcelona's disappointing trophyless 2023-24 campaign.

He will join club teammate Pedri, who has been struggling with nagging muscle issues, and Rodri, who helped City win a record fourth successive Premier League title, among a solid group of midfielders.

Last year's UEFA Nations League champions Spain face Northern Ireland on Saturday in their final warm-up game before they start their Euros campaign on June 15 against Croatia in Group B. They will also take on Italy and Albania.

Spain Euro 2024 squad:

Goalkeepers: Unai Simon (Athletic Bilbao), Alex Remiro (Real Sociedad), David Raya (Arsenal).

Defenders: Dani Carvajal (Real Madrid), Jesus Navas (Sevilla), Aymeric Laporte (Al-Nassr), Nacho Fernandez (Real Madrid), Robin Le Normand (Real Sociedad), Dani Vivian (Athletic Bilbao), Alex Grimaldo (Bayer Leverkusen), Marc Cucurella (Chelsea).

Midfielders: Rodrigo (Manchester City), Martin Zubimendi (Real Sociedad), Fabian Ruiz (Paris St Germain), Mikel Merino (Real Sociedad), Pedri (Barcelona), Alex Baena (Villarreal), Fermin Lopez (Barcelona).

Forwards: Alvaro Morata (Atletico Madrid), Joselu (Real Madrid), Dani Olmo (RB Leipzig), Nico Williams (Athletic Bilbao), Mikel Oyarzabal (Real Sociedad), Ayoze Perez (Real Betis), Ferran Torres (Barcelona), Lamine Yamal (Barcelona).

MENTIONS
Football
Euro
Spain
Related Articles
Euro 2024: Ranking all the tournament's kits from best to worst
06.06.2024 05:29
Oyarzabal hat-trick leads Spain to 5-0 friendly win over Andorra
05.06.2024 22:22
EURO Rewind: Spanish domination of world football begins in Austria & Switzerland
05.06.2024 15:54
Show more
Football
Napoli snatch vital late winner against Venezia after Lukaku misses first-half penalty
12 min ago
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
3 h ago
Updated
EXCLUSIVE: Why Taiwo Atieno fears Kenya won't produce another Wanyama in the near future
5 h ago
Flashscore Awards 2024: Lamine Yamal voted Young Player of the Year
6 h ago
Atalanta snatch late equaliser at Lazio to return to summit of Serie A
18 h ago
Inter Milan coach Simone Inzaghi delighted with end of Lautaro Martinez's goal drought
18 h ago
Alisson urges relentless Liverpool to create history under Arne Slot
21 h ago
Inter Milan cruise to ruthless win over Cagliari to keep pace at top of Serie A
21 h ago
Amad Diallo determined to 'make history' with struggling Manchester United
23 h ago
Napoli and Antonio Conte keen to end year top of Serie A
Yesterday 15:42
Most Read
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
Amad Diallo determined to 'make history' with struggling Manchester United
Atalanta snatch late equaliser at Lazio to return to summit of Serie A
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Juventus - Fiorentina
AC Milan - AS Roma
Swiatek - Helgo
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
FOOTBALL SCORES
West Ham - Liverpool
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
KK Krka Novo mesto - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Merkezefendi
Panathinaikos - AS Karditsas
Real Madrid - Barcelona
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
Baskonia - Crvena zvezda
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-euro-barcelona-defender-pau-cubarsi-left-out-of-spain-s-euro-2024-squad/dY7BTKcR/ 
 ----- 
