Search
Donate
Log in
Menu
Close
Journalism you trust.
Your News. Your Way.
Subscribe
Home
Log in
Search
Newsletters
Help Chat
Go to the e-Newspaper
Featured
The Marked Man
Buying up the Bay
Elections
The Housing Experiment
Latest
News
Regions
Pinellas
Hillsborough
Pasco
Hernando
St. Petersburg
Tampa
Clearwater
Topics
Education
Business
Real Estate
Politics
Crime
Obituaries
Weather
Sports
Bucs
Rays
Lightning
 
High Schools
Bulls
Gators
Seminoles
Opinion
Life & Culture
Things To Do
Calendar
Food
Videos
Photos
Investigations
Connect with us
Games & Puzzles
Shop
Subscribe
ADVERTISEMENT
SPORTS
Rays manage just 4 hits in road trip-ending loss to Guardians
Tampa Bay goes 4-6 on the 10-game trip through Baltimore, Philadelphia and Cleveland, dropping 6½ games out of the final AL wild-card spot.
The Rays' Jose Caballero flips his bat as he walks back to the dugout after striking out in the seventh inning of Sunday's game against the Guardians in Cleveland. [ SUE OGROCKI | AP ]
By
Associated Press
Published Sept. 15, 2024

CLEVELAND — Ben Lively and four relievers combined on a four-hitter, Brayan Rocchio had an RBI single for the go-ahead run and the American League Central-leading Guardians beat the Rays 2-0 on Sunday.

Tampa Bay, which went 4-6 on a 10-game trip through Baltimore, Philadelphia and Cleveland, dropped 6½ games out of the final AL wild-card spot with 12 to play.

Rays starter Taj Bradley (6-11) dropped his career-high seventh straight decision, allowing two runs in 4⅓ innings with six strikeouts. The righty threw 32 of his 99 pitches in the first, loading the bases before escaping unscathed.

“I don’t think Taj had the best feel for his stuff,” Rays manager Kevin Cash said, “but I was impressed with the way he navigated through it.”

The Guardians are four games ahead of second-place Kansas City in the division and reduced their magic number for clinching a playoff berth to three.

Cade Smith, Tim Herrin, Hunter Gaddis and Emmanuel Clase wrapped up Cleveland’s 12th shutout. Clase finished for his career-high 45th save, taking over the major league lead from St. Louis’ Ryan Helsley and moving within one of Jose Mesa’s franchise record.

“Saves are really important, because it’s allowed me to help the team the way I want, which is trying to get a championship,” Clase said through an interpreter. “That’s my responsibility. I know that’s the time I’m going to come to pitch and that’s what I have to prepare to perform.”

Lively (12-9) worked five-plus innings in his best start in seven weeks, giving up two hits in the first and two in the sixth. The right-hander struck out two before being lifted after 59 pitches, but said he didn’t mind turning the ball over to the bullpen.

“When they come in, you’re like, we’re getting this W,” Lively said. “They’re electric and it’s so cool. And Emmanuel is the best pitcher in baseball. It’s unbelievable. It’s nuts.”

Rocchio singled in Daniel Schneemann in the second, putting the Guardians ahead 1-0. They added a run in the fourth when Angel Martínez scored on a delayed double-steal attempt, despite José Ramírez being thrown out at second base.

The Guardians have the best home record in the AL at 45-27. All-Star left fielder Steven Kwan missed his third straight game with mid-low back tightness, but remains day to day.

Trainer’s room

Rays: Second baseman Christopher Morel (right Achilles discomfort) was not in the lineup for the second day in a row but struck out as a pinch-hitter for the final out of the game. The trade-deadline acquisition from the Cubs was hurt in the series opener Thursday.

Guardians: RHP Carlos Carrasco (left hip strain), who has been on the injured list since Aug. 8, will make his second rehab start this week. The 37-year-old starter lost his first appearance for Double-A Akron, allowing two runs in three innings against Hartford.

Stay updated on Tampa Bay’s sports scene

Subscribe to our free Sports Today newsletter

We’ll send you news and analysis on the Bucs, Lightning, Rays and Florida’s college football teams every day.
Sign up
You’re all signed up!

Want more of our free, weekly newsletters in your inbox? Let’s get started.

Explore all your options
Up next

Rays: Tampa Bay hasn’t announced its starting pitchers for a three-game series against the Red Sox that begins Tuesday at Tropicana Field.

Guardians: Left-hander Matthew Boyd (2-1, 2.18 ERA) takes on Twins righty Pablo López (15-8, 3.88 ERA) in the opener of a four-game home series Monday.

By BRIAN DULIK Associated Press

• • •

Sign up for the Sports Today newsletter to get daily updates on the Bucs, Rays, Lightning and college football across Florida.

Never miss out on the latest with your favorite Tampa Bay sports teams. Follow our coverage on Instagram, X and Facebook.

The Associated Press is an independent, not-for-profit news cooperative headquartered in New York City. Our teams in over 100 countries tell the world's stories, from breaking news to investigative reporting.

MORE FOR YOU
This Lightning player has a whopping 7 outdoor games on his resume
23 minutes ago
• Lightning
Bucs’ Tristan Wirfs named a first-team All-Pro
1 hour ago
• Bucs
ADVERTISEMENT
Ex-Georgia QB Carson Beck says he’s committed to Miami for 2025 season
2 hours ago
• Florida State Seminoles
If the Bucs can stop this guy, they’ve got a future in the playoffs
2 hours ago
• Bucs
Bucs quick study Graham Barton bracing for stern final exams
4 hours ago
• Bucs
Lightning get momentum from shorthanded offense in win over Bruins
Earlier today
• Lightning
Rays make deals with 4, to head to hearing with shortstop Taylor Walls
Earlier today
• Rays
Can Mike Evans avoid another lowlight encounter with Marshon Lattimore?
Earlier today
• Bucs
Al Golden’s back in Miami, trying to bring Notre Dame a CFP title shot
Yesterday
• Florida State Seminoles
USF’s league names sportsmanship award in honor of Amir Abdur-Rahim
Yesterday
• USF Bulls
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Contact
Help Chat
Customer Service
Submit a News Tip
Contact
Account
Digital access
Home delivery
Newsletters
Manage my account
Donate
Subscriber FAQ
e-Newspaper FAQ
e-Newspaper App FAQ
About
Times Publishing Company
About us
Connect with us
Careers
Advertise
Times Total Media
Media Kit
Place an ad
Public Notices
Classifieds
Best of the Best
Local Ads
Shop
Champa Bay Shop
Bucs Hardcover Book
Lightning Hardcover Book
Photo Reprints
Article Reprints
Article Licensing
Historic Front Pages
Meeting Backgrounds
More
News in Education
Expos
Homes
Sponsored Content
Special Sections
Apps
Podcasts
Archives
© 2025 All Rights Reserved
Times Publishing Company
Privacy Policy
ONLY AVAILABLE FOR SUBSCRIBERS

The Tampa Bay Times e-Newspaper is a digital replica of the printed paper seven days a week that is available to read on desktop, mobile, and our app for subscribers only. To enjoy the e-Newspaper every day, please subscribe.

Subscribe
Log in
✕
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.tampabay.com/sports/2024/09/15/ben-lively-taj-bradley-cleveland-guardians-brayan-rocchio/ 
 ----- 
