

tap
SPORTS
November 21, 2023
Vincy Heat staring relegation

St Vincent and the Grenadines’ Vincy Heat has been placed in a must win situation in Group C of League, in the Concacaf Nations League(CNL).

Sitting on six points, Vincy Heat is fixed at the bottom of the table, and must defeat Belize today, November 21, at the Kirani James Stadium in Grenada, or be relegated to League C of the next CNL.

The Vincentians put themselves in that position last Friday, November 17, when they lost to Bermuda 1-3, at the Dame Flora Sports Complex in Bermuda.

Ne-Ja Tucker in the 6th minute, put the host ahead. Nazir Burnette then equalised from a deflection in the 34 th minute, to gave Vincy Heat some hope.

But that soon vanished when Kane Critchlow restored ascendancy for the Bermudans with a 44th minute goal.

Five minutes on the resumption, Djair Parfiit extended Bermuda’s lead and eventually the final result.

Vincy Heat thus has two wins and three losses. They started off well with wins versus Belize 2-1 and Bermuda 4-3, but suffered 1-4 and 2-3 defeats to French Guiana, before losing the reverse fixture against Bermuda on Friday last.

Bermuda leads the standings on 8 points; French Guiana is second on 7 points, likewise third place – Belize.

The winner of the group advances to League A, with the last place relegated to League C.

St Vincent and the Grenadines had finished last in their Group in the 2022-2023 edition, but was spared the indignity of demotion, following a late change of rule by Concacaf.

Comments
ALSO IN THE NEWS
FRONT PAGE
Road cleaners line up for hours for payment
Persons who were employed under the annual Christmas road cleaning programme administered by the Roads, Buildings & General Services Authority (BRAGSA...
FRONT PAGE
Kingstown fire big blow for Jax Enterprises
A fire of unknown origin scorched a number of businesses in Kingstown over the weekend, leaving one owner out of business and others facing major repa...
FRONT PAGE
Police probing beating, abduction of Diamond Woman
Police are said to be investigating an incident where a woman was taken from her home in Diamond last Saturday night, December 21, 2024, beaten, and d...
FRONT PAGE
Prison Week culminates with annual concert
The annual prison concert dubbed ‘Talent behind the Walls’ brought the curtains down on what Acting Superintendent of Prisons, Duane Bailey said was “...
FRONT PAGE
Caribbean/ American magazine names Shafiqua Maloney among ‘Persons of the Year’
Vincentian athlete, Shafiqua Maloney, is one of six persons named by a Caribbean/American magazine as Eastern Caribbean Olympians Persons of the Year....
NEWS
Paul’s Avenue resident points fingers at ‘outsiders’
A resident who has lived in the Paul’s Avenue area all his life says police can stop the shootings there if they remove persons who go into the commun...
Interactive Media Ltd. • P.O. Box 152 • Kingstown • St. Vincent and the Grenadines • Phone: 784-456-1558 © Copyright Interactive Media Ltd.. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.searchlight.vc/sports/2023/11/21/vincy-heat-staring-relegation/ 
 ----- 
