Skip to content
Skip to footer
Truthout
LATEST
ABOUT
DONATE
Trending:
ISRAEL
STUDENT DEBT
PROJECT 2025
DONALD TRUMP
CLIMATE CRISIS
NEWS | WAR & PEACE
Amid Genocide, Palestine Attempts to Qualify for Its First World Cup

FIFA has joined the long list of international bodies unwilling to sanction Israel.

By Abdullah Al-Arian , TRUTHOUT
Published
October 12, 2024
Iraq's forward #17 Ali Jasim and Palestine's defender #07 Musab Batat vie for the ball during the 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualification football match between Iraq and Palestine at Basra International Stadium in Basra, Iraq, on October 10, 2024.
HUSSEIN FALEH / AFP VIA GETTY IMAGES
Iraq's forward #17 Ali Jasim and Palestine's defender #07 Musab Batat vie for the ball during the 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualification football match between Iraq and Palestine at Basra International Stadium in Basra, Iraq, on October 10, 2024.
HUSSEIN FALEH / AFP VIA GETTY IMAGES
NEWS | WAR & PEACE
Amid Genocide, Palestine Attempts to Qualify for Its First World Cup

FIFA has joined the long list of international bodies unwilling to sanction Israel.

By Abdullah Al-Arian , TRUTHOUT
Published
October 12, 2024
Iraq's forward #17 Ali Jasim and Palestine's defender #07 Musab Batat vie for the ball during the 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualification football match between Iraq and Palestine at Basra International Stadium in Basra, Iraq, on October 10, 2024.
HUSSEIN FALEH / AFP VIA GETTY IMAGES
PART OF THE SERIES
Struggle and Solidarity: Writing Toward Palestinian Liberation

Truthout’s December fundraiser is our most important of the year and will determine the scale of work we’ll be able to do in 2025. Please support us with a tax-deductible donation today.

The Palestinian national soccer team played a formidable South Korean side to a goalless draw in Seoul last month, an impressive result for a team looking to clinch its first ever qualification for the FIFA World Cup. The team aims to build upon an impressive showing at this year’s Asian Cup, where it captured the hearts of fans from across the continent as it reached the knockout stage for the first time in its history. Notwithstanding its narrow 1-0 defeat to Iraq on October 10, Palestine is closer to the World Cup than it has ever been, advancing to the third round of qualification for the 2026 tournament.

In what once may have been termed “normal” times, these achievements might have inspired numerous academic and journalistic pieces about the resilience of Palestinian athletes and the uplifting power of sport in the face of adversity. Video packages would profile the lives of individual players, showcasing their talents against seemingly insurmountable odds created by the violence of occupation and forced exile. Heart wrenching scenes of soccer players held at Israeli checkpoints while en route to training or doing practice drills on fields destroyed by Israeli shelling would be interspersed with fast-paced clips of slick goals and gutsy tackles in high-stakes matches. But these are not “normal” times.

The scale of the death, deprivation and destruction in Gaza, livestreamed across the world during the past year, has exposed the limits of international law, human rights norms, and the so-called “rules-based order.” It has also vastly diminished and irrevocably transformed the power of cultural institutions — including organized sports — to act as sites of resistance and empowerment in the face of what has become the most devastating genocidal war of this century. It would furthermore be unfitting to reduce the role of soccer for Palestinians as one of escapism and momentary joy amid this ceaseless annihilation of Palestinian life.

Get our free emails
Email*

Rather, along with the mass starvation policy imposed by Israel and the effective decimation of the health and education sectors, the destruction of houses of worship and cultural heritage sites, soccer has become another window into both the scale of the war on Gaza and the abject failure of the global response.

According to the Palestinian Football Association, the national governing body for the sport, as of July, Israel had killed 343 Palestinian athletes in the midst of its Gaza campaign that has killed over 42,000 Palestinians, forcibly displaced 2 million people, and destroyed the majority of Gaza’s buildings and infrastructure. In addition to the devastating assaults on hospitals, schools, markets and mosques, Gaza’s soccer infrastructure has not been spared. Some of Gaza’s soccer pitches, such as the Al-Yarmouk Stadium, have been seized by Israeli occupation forces and used as detention camps where Palestinian prisoners have been starved and tortured. Soccer club facilities such as the Al-Salah Football Club, where thousands of displaced residents have taken shelter, have been bombed. Other fields have had to serve as mass graves for the uncounted dead.

RELATED STORY
OP-ED | HUMAN RIGHTS
US Is Pushing Olympics to Exclude Russia, But What About Its Own War Crimes?
If Russian athletes are banned, then Olympians from the U.S., Saudi Arabia and Israel should also be excluded.
By Dana E. Abizaid , TRUTHOUT
February 20, 2023

Nor have the most celebrated figures in Palestinian soccer avoided the fates of tens of thousands of Palestinians in Gaza. Mohammed Barakat, a legend of Palestinian soccer and the first to reach the century goal mark in the domestic league, was killed when Israeli forces bombed his home in March. Asking forgiveness from his parents and prayers from his supporters, he shared a tearful video farewell message that was posted widely, another tragic sign that no one and nowhere in Gaza was safe. Hani Al-Masdar enjoyed a remarkable playing career before becoming the coach of the Palestinian Olympic team, where he was immensely popular among fans and players alike, known for his good humor and ability to nurture talented young players. He was killed by an Israeli missile in January. In June, Al-Ahly Club defender Ahmad Abu Al-Atta was killed with his wife and two children when an Israeli airstrike targeted their home. More recently, on September 10, Hamdi Lubbad, a midfielder for Al-Yarmouk Club in Gaza, was killed by Israel along with his wife and four daughters.

Such wanton violence as has been witnessed this past year comes on the back of decades of Israeli military occupation and apartheid policies that have impacted every aspect of Palestinian life. To say that no national team has ever had to contend with what Palestinian soccer has endured would be a massive understatement.

Going back years, Palestinian soccer players have been shot and permanently disabled by Israeli forces, had their homes demolished, and have been imprisoned for years without charges. A defender on the national team, Mahmoud Sarsak was arrested at an Israeli checkpoint in 2009 while attempting to join his teammates. He was only released in 2012 after going on a three-month hunger strike. Upon his release, Sarsak proclaimed that Israeli officials were deliberately targeting Palestinian athletes to prevent them from competing. In March 2023, Israeli forces arrested national team player Ahmed Abu Khadija just hours after his club were crowned champions of the Palestinian league.

Notwithstanding its narrow 1-0 defeat to Iraq on October 10, Palestine is closer to the World Cup than it has ever been, advancing to the third round of qualification for the 2026 tournament.

The national team’s recent success comes despite life-and-death struggles that confront members of the team as they do all Palestinians. Mahmoud Wadi, who was in Egypt at the time of Israel’s invasion of Gaza, has spoken of the challenge of playing while desperately awaiting news regarding family and friends under assault in Khan Younis. Ataa Jaber, who previously played for the Israeli youth team, endured death threats and calls by officials to strip him of his Israeli citizenship after deciding to join the Palestinian national team. For good measure, Israeli forces made it a point to write Jaber’s name on a missile bound for Gaza.

While training for the historic match against Lebanon, defender Mohammed Saleh received a call from his brother informing him that family members in Gaza were at risk of starvation due to Israel’s siege. Then, as he made his way to join the team ahead of the qualifier match against South Korea, goalkeeping coach Iyad Falana received news that his eldest son was abducted by Israeli forces during a raid on their home in the West Bank.

Indeed, the structural limitations that restrict life for all Palestinians have undoubtedly impacted the ability of soccer players to pursue their passion. The national team has traditionally included players from across occupied Palestine including Gaza, the West Bank and Jerusalem, as well as those Palestinians with Israeli citizenship. Each of these categories is governed according to different sets of laws that determine their freedom of movement. The team also includes Palestinian refugees who have been denied their right of return. This has made managing the squad a logistical nightmare, as many players are barred from traveling or congregating in any one location. Pre-match training sessions have increasingly been held abroad, as have Palestine’s official home matches, with Qatar, Kuwait and Malaysia all recently hosting Palestinian soccer matches.

In August, FIFA ruled that the Palestinian Football Association must be permitted to hold its home matches in Palestine. But the decision came too late for the critical home match against Jordan on September 10, nor was there any indication as to how such a decision would be enforced given Israel’s past intransigence with regard to Palestinian soccer.

In response to the long list of Israeli violations of FIFA statutes, including playing league matches on illegally occupied territory, systematic racial discrimination, killings of Palestinian players and the destruction of soccer facilities, earlier this year the Palestinian Football Association submitted a formal request to FIFA demanding Israel’s suspension from international competition. The recent mass bombing campaign and invasion of Lebanon means that Israel has now become responsible for the indefinite suspension of two national soccer leagues while its own teams continue to compete domestically and internationally with no repercussions.

FIFA was quick to suspend Russia from international competition within days of the latter’s invasion of Ukraine. However, soccer’s governing body has repeatedly delayed its decision on Israel, three times rescheduling a special meeting to discuss the issue despite mounting global pressure. During its October 3 meeting, FIFA yet again deferred its ruling, this time appointing a committee to investigate the Palestinian Football Association’s allegation that Israeli clubs operate in occupied Palestine. This “allegation,” it should be noted, is clear for all to see and has been well documented by international bodies for years, so this decision appears little more than a cynical delay tactic by the FIFA leadership. On the same day that FIFA declined to penalize the many violations of its own statutes, Israel killed yet another Palestinian soccer player, 20-year-old Majdy Salem of Tulkarem FC in the occupied West Bank.

Given FIFA’s history of financial corruption and selective embrace of political appeals, it seems unlikely to take action against Israel, particularly at a time when FIFA officials are desperately seeking corporate sponsors and broadcasting partners for the Club World Cup, to be held in the United States next summer. The cultural boycott of South Africa, including the country’s expulsion by FIFA in 1976, has long been considered crucial to the struggle to end apartheid. In its failures to take action against Israel, however, FIFA adds itself to the list of international bodies, from the United Nations on down, that have failed the moral test of our time. Meanwhile, through its quest to compete — and indeed, survive — Palestinian soccer sheds light on the broader struggle for Palestinian liberation.

HELP US PREPARE FOR TRUMP’S DAY ONE

Trump is busy getting ready for Day One of his presidency – but so is Truthout.

Trump has made it no secret that he is planning a demolition-style attack on both specific communities and democracy as a whole, beginning on his first day in office. With over 25 executive orders and directives queued up for January 20, he’s promised to “launch the largest deportation program in American history,” roll back anti-discrimination protections for transgender students, and implement a “drill, drill, drill” approach to ramp up oil and gas extraction.

Organizations like Truthout are also being threatened by legislation like HR 9495, the “nonprofit killer bill” that would allow the Treasury Secretary to declare any nonprofit a “terrorist-supporting organization” and strip its tax-exempt status without due process. Progressive media like Truthout that has courageously focused on reporting on Israel’s genocide in Gaza are in the bill’s crosshairs.


As journalists, we have a responsibility to look at hard realities and communicate them to you. We hope that you, like us, can use this information to prepare for what’s to come.

And if you feel uncertain about what to do in the face of a second Trump administration, we invite you to be an indispensable part of Truthout’s preparations.

In addition to covering the widespread onslaught of draconian policy, we’re shoring up our resources for what might come next for progressive media: bad-faith lawsuits from far-right ghouls, legislation that seeks to strip us of our ability to receive tax-deductible donations, and further throttling of our reach on social media platforms owned by Trump’s sycophants.

We’re preparing right now for Trump’s Day One: building a brave coalition of movement media; reaching out to the activists, academics, and thinkers we trust to shine a light on the inner workings of authoritarianism; and planning to use journalism as a tool to equip movements to protect the people, lands, and principles most vulnerable to Trump’s destruction.

We urgently need your help to prepare. As you know, our December fundraiser is our most important of the year and will determine the scale of work we’ll be able to do in 2025. We’ve set two goals: to raise $136,000 in one-time donations and to add 1440 new monthly donors by midnight on December 31.

Today, we’re asking all of our readers to start a monthly donation or make a one-time donation – as a commitment to stand with us on day one of Trump’s presidency, and every day after that, as we produce journalism that combats authoritarianism, censorship, injustice, and misinformation. You’re an essential part of our future – please join the movement by making a tax-deductible donation today.

If you have the means to make a substantial gift, please dig deep during this critical time!

With gratitude and resolve,

Maya, Negin, Saima, and Ziggy

Share
Share via Facebook
Share via Bluesky
Share via Flipboard
Share via Mail
Share via Print
More
This article is licensed under Creative Commons (CC BY-NC-ND 4.0), and you are free to share and republish under the terms of the license.
ABDULLAH AL-ARIAN

Abdullah Al-Arian is an associate professor of history at Georgetown University in Qatar. He is the author of Answering the Call: Popular Islamic Activism in Sadat’s Egypt and the editor of Football in the Middle East: State, Society, and the Beautiful Game.

RELATED STORIES
NEWS | HUMAN RIGHTS
Israel’s Blockade Bars WFP From Distributing Food “in Any Form” in North Gaza
Israel’s aid blockade has reached its worst point in months, the group warned as Israeli forces assault northern Gaza.
By Sharon Zhang , TRUTHOUT
October 10, 2024
OP-ED | HUMAN RIGHTS
I Gave Birth During Genocide, Into a World I No Longer Know
My child is 8 months old. Surviving the genocide in Gaza is the only life he knows. I fight every day to keep him alive.
By Aya Nashwan , TRUTHOUT
October 10, 2024
NEWS | WAR & PEACE
Biden Officials Say Ceasefire Talks Are Suspended as Harris Names Iran Top Enemy
The U.S. has reportedly all but given up on a ceasefire proposal it put forth just two weeks ago.
By Sharon Zhang , TRUTHOUT
October 8, 2024
LATEST STORIES
NEWS | WAR & PEACE
Palestinian Journalist: We Have Run Out of Body Bags to Bury the Dead in Gaza
Rescue workers, children and journalists are among the Palestinians killed by Israeli attacks in Gaza on Sunday.
By Jon Queally , COMMONDREAMS
December 16, 2024
INTERVIEW | WAR & PEACE
Israel Approves Plan to Expand Illegal Settlements in Occupied Golan Heights
Israeli forces have launched over 800 strikes on Syria over the past week, including an “earthquake bomb” Sunday night.
By Amy Goodman & Juan González , DEMOCRACYNOW!
December 16, 2024
OP-ED | WAR & PEACE
Israel Is Invading Syria and Destroying Its Defenses Amid National Upheaval
The invasion and attacks, backed by the US, are continuing Israel's fantasy of remaking the region through war.
By Mitchell Plitnick , MONDOWEISS
December 14, 2024
INTERVIEW | WAR & PEACE
Syrians Continue to Search for Their Lost Loved Ones in Prisons and Morgues
Reporter Sarah El Deeb says Syrians’ relief for Assad’s departure is mixed with concern for missing loved ones.
By Amy Goodman , DEMOCRACYNOW!
December 13, 2024
INTERVIEW | WAR & PEACE
Rebuilding Democracy in Syria Will Require “Struggle From Below”
“A democratization process in the Middle East is the biggest threat for Israel," says activist and scholar Joseph Daher.
By Amy Goodman & Nermeen Shaikh , DEMOCRACYNOW!
December 12, 2024
NEWS ANALYSIS | WAR & PEACE
As Assad Regime Falls, Syrians Celebrate — and Brace for an Uncertain Future
As more than five decades of Assad family rule come to an end, Syrians are cautiously paving a way forward.
By Shireen Akram-Boshar , TRUTHOUT
December 11, 2024
NEWS | WAR & PEACE
Doctors in Gaza Say They Have No Doubt Israel Is Targeting Them
Doctors and emergency workers say their colleagues were deliberately attacked or “disappeared” into Israeli prisons.
By Mike Ludwig , TRUTHOUT
December 10, 2024
NEWS | WAR & PEACE
UN Envoy Decries Israeli Military’s Move to Seize Syrian Territory
The UN special envoy to Syria said the advance is a grave violation of a decades-old agreement.
By Jake Johnson , COMMONDREAMS
December 10, 2024
NEWS | POLITICS & ELECTIONS
Sanders Says He’s Voting “No” on Nearly $1 Trillion Defense Budget
The record-high budget comes as “our government has failed millions of working families,” he said.
By Sharon Zhang , TRUTHOUT
December 9, 2024
NEWS | WAR & PEACE
Assad Regime Falls, Rebels Seize Syrian Capital After Over a Decade of Civil War
“The city of Damascus has been liberated,” rebel forces declared on state TV after a rapid advance through the country.
By Jake Johnson , COMMONDREAMS
December 8, 2024
FEATURED NEWS
Unions Brace Themselves as Trump Prepares to Defang Labor Board

Trump’s NLRB will likely be filled with lawyers from the union-busting world hell-bent on rolling back workers’ gains.

By Michael Arria, TRUTHOUT
Published December 8, 2024
NEWS
Culture & Media
Economy & Labor
Education & Youth
Environment & Health
Human Rights
Immigration
LGBTQ Rights
Politics & Elections
Prisons & Policing
Racial Justice
Reproductive Rights
War & Peace
Series & Podcasts
SERIES
Struggle and Solidarity: Writing Toward Palestinian Liberation
Despair and Disparity: The Uneven Burdens of COVID-19
Human Rights and Global Wrongs
The Road to Abolition
The Public Intellectual
Movement Memos
Voting Wrongs
Challenging the Corporate University
Covering Climate Now
MORE
About
Donate
Manage Your Donation
More Ways to Give
Subscribe
Submission Guidelines
Financial Information
Privacy Policy
Memorial Essay Prize
Truthout Center for Grassroots Journalism
Job Openings
Contact Us
Facebook
Bluesky
Flipboard
Instagram
Twitter
RSS
Never Miss Another Story

Get the news you want, delivered to your inbox every day.

Email*
© 2024 Truthout
Toggle Donation Bar
HELP US DEFY TRUMP’S RIGHT-WING AGENDA IN 2025.

As the year draws to a close, we’re asking for your support to confront Trump’s fascism in 2025. With your help we will deliver news, strategy, liberatory ideas, tools and movement-sparking journalism with a force like never before. We’re working to add 1440 new monthly donors by December 31 – please make your tax-deductible gift before the end of the year.

 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://truthout.org/articles/amid-genocide-palestine-attempts-to-qualify-for-its-first-world-cup/ 
 ----- 
