Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Live updates: Wisconsin school shooting
Nasdaq record high
RFK Jr.
Olaf Scholz
Drones
WORLD NEWS
What to know about Israel’s ground invasion in southern Lebanon
0 seconds of 2 minutes, 9 secondsVolume 90%
 
1 of 9 |  

Josef Federman, a regional news director for The Associated Press, on Monday explained how Israel is marking the the one-year anniversary of the Israel-Hamas war and what it means going forward.

2 of 9 |  

Turkish security officials stand guard next to Turkish military ships preparing to evacuate citizens from Lebanon to Turkey in Beirut port, Wednesday, Oct. 9, 2024. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel)

3 of 9 |  

Turkish citizens stand in line waiting for their turn to board two Turkish military ships to evacuate them from Lebanon to Turkey, in Beirut port, Wednesday, Oct. 9, 2024. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel)

4 of 9 |  

Turkish citizens carry their cats as they wait to board a Turkish navy vessel to be evacuated to Turkey at a gathering point, in Beirut, Lebanon, Wednesday, Oct. 9, 2024. (AP Photo/Hussein Malla)

5 of 9 |  

FILE - Israeli soldiers work on tanks in a staging area in northern Israel near the Israel-Lebanon border, on Oct. 1, 2024. (AP Photo/Baz Ratner, File)

6 of 9 |  

FILE - Lebanese soldiers secure the area at the site of an Israeli airstrike in Beirut’s southern suburbs on Sept. 27, 2024. (AP Photo/Bilal Hussein, File)

7 of 9 |  

FILE - Israeli soldiers work on tanks and armoured personnel carriers (APC) in northern Israel, on Sept. 30, 2024. (AP Photo/Leo Correa, File)

8 of 9 |  

FILE - A Lebanese army soldier sits behind his weapon on the top of an armored personnel carrier at the site of an Israeli airstrike in Beirut’s southern suburb, on Sept. 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Bilal Hussein, File)

9 of 9 |  

FILE - Lebanese soldiers secure the area near the site of an Israeli airstrike in Beirut’s southern suburb, on Sept. 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Bilal Hussein, File)

BY  MELANIE LIDMAN AND KAREEM CHEHAYEB
Updated 9:42 AM UTC, October 10, 2024
Share

JERUSALEM (AP) — Israel’s ground invasion in Lebanon stretched into its second week, as the Hezbollah militant group fired hundreds of rockets deep into Israel — with no end in sight to the escalating conflict.

More than 1,400 people have been killed in Lebanon — mostly in airstrikes — and over a million displaced since the fighting intensified in mid-September. At least 15 Israeli soldiers and two civilians have been killed since the ground operation began, and more than 60,000 people have been displaced from towns along the border for more than a year.

Hezbollah began firing rockets into Israel on Oct. 8, 2023, a day after Hamas, the Palestinian militant group, attacked southern Israel, which sparked the war in Gaza. Israel and Hezbollah have exchanged fire almost every day since, coming close to a full-fledged war on several occasions but stepping back from the brink until this month.

Here’s what to know about the current ground incursion in southern Lebanon:

What is the aim of Israeli military’s ground invasion?

The Israeli military began what they called a “limited, localized and targeted ground raids” in southern Lebanon on Oct. 1. The same day, the military said that it had carried out dozens of secretive cross-border operations to destroy Hezbollah infrastructure over the past year. The aim, Israel says, is to allow its displaced residents to return home.

A military official said that thousands of Israeli troops are currently operating along the roughly 100-kilometer-long (62-mile) border, clearing the area just along the border to try to remove the launch pads where Hezbollah fires rocket-propelled grenades and anti-tank missiles into Israeli towns, as well as infrastructure they say would allow for an Oct. 7-style invasion of Israel.

The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the military’s strategy, said the troops haven’t ventured deep inside Lebanon so far, and have conducted operations from distances of a few hundred meters (yards) up to 2 to 3 kilometers (1.5 to 2 miles) into Lebanese territory.

The Israeli military has shared videos of what it says are underground tunnels chiseled into rock used by Hezbollah. The tunnels are used to store weapons and stage attacks. One tunnel stretched from Lebanon into Israeli territory, according to the military.

The goal is not to destroy Hezbollah, and the army is aware that this will not remove the threat of longer-range rockets and missiles, the official said.

Elijah Magnier, a Brussels-based military and counterterrorism analyst, said Israeli forces haven’t seized any ground positions yet.

“They need to go in, harass, test and come out,” Magnier said. In order to hold ground positions, Israel would need tanks to come in and take high critical ground overlooking territory, he said. He estimates it would require clearing some 10 kilometers of Hezbollah presence, which is still a long way off.

It is not clear how long the operation will last or how long Israel will maintain a presence in these towns. The official said the hope is that this can lead to a diplomatic arrangement pushing Hezbollah away from the border. But the plans could change. A previous Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982, initially intended to push back Palestinian militants, turned into an 18-year occupation.

What is Hezbollah’s strategy?

Hezbollah officials, including assassinated leader Hassan Nasrallah, have conceded that the Israeli military has the superior air force and intelligence. But Hezbollah has the advantage in direct confrontations on Lebanese turf.

Hezbollah forces have better equipment and training compared to Hamas, which Israel has been battling for more than a year in Gaza. Hezbollah forces gained experience in wars in Syria and Iraq. Lebanon’s terrain is also more rugged and challenging than the Palestinian enclave, which is mostly flat and sandy.

Hezbollah’s strategy, led by its elite Radwan Forces, has been drawing in and ambushing incoming Israeli troops, detonating explosive devices or firing rockets at them, and firing artillery and rockets at Israeli border towns. Although Hezbollah has lost many of its top officials and commanders in recent weeks, militants have continued to fire rockets deeper into Israel, including heavy barrages on the city of Haifa.

Former Lebanese Army General Hassan Jouni said that he assessed Israel is still conducting reconnaissance ahead of its main attack, but that it had already suffered heavy losses in the smaller operations. Jouni said Hezbollah had dug many tunnels in the south and were well equipped with weapons caches and ammunition.

“The land always works in the favor of those who own it,” he said.

How does this compare to the 2006 war between Israel and Hezbollah?

Israel and Hezbollah last went to war in 2006, a 34-day conflict that ended with the United Nations Resolution 1701, which was supposed to push Hezbollah further north and keep the border region exclusively under the control of the Lebanese army and UN peacekeepers.

Israeli leaders say they want Lebanon to implement the resolution. Hezbollah says Israel hasn’t held up its part of the treaty and will stop firing rockets when there is a ceasefire in the Gaza Strip.

Israel’s searing air campaign in southern Lebanon and Beirut in recent weeks is similar to the 2006 war, though this time, better intelligence has enabled Israel to kill several of Hezbollah’s top leadership.

“The Air Force is better and is using all kinds of methods to penetrate deeper into the ground, like dropping bomb after bomb after bomb,” said Yoel Guzansky, a senior researcher at the Institute for National Security Studies in Tel Aviv. Israel killed Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah in September by dropping more than 80 bombs on an apartment complex built over an underground compound in quick succession.

In the 2006 war, Israel sent ground troops into Lebanon after 10 days of airstrikes before withdrawing them about four weeks later. Troops attempted to reach the Litani River, about 30 kilometers (18.5 miles) north of the border, but suffered heavy losses before a ceasefire ended the operation and the war.

Could there be a diplomatic solution?

Hezbollah’s acting leader signaled Tuesday that the group is open to a cease-fire. Guzansky believes Israeli troops will stay on the ground in southern Lebanon until there is an internationally enforced diplomatic solution that’s stronger than the current UN peacekeeping force. If Israeli troops retreat, he said, they risk the same situation as 2006, where Hezbollah simply rearmed and resumed operations.

But former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert, who was Israel’s leader during the 2006 war, said that war served as a lesson that immediate diplomacy, rather than military force, is the only way to keep the border quiet.

“Why not try and make a deal now rather than to fight for half a year?” he asked in an interview with The Associated Press. “You lose how many soldiers, kill how many innocent people? And then in the end we’ll make a deal which may have been made in advance.”

___

This article has been corrected to reflect that Israeli troops did not reach the Litani River during the 2006 war.

__

Chehayeb reported from Beirut. Associated Press writers Sarah El-Deeb and Abby Sewell in Beirut and Josef Federman and Julia Frankel in Jerusalem contributed to this report.

MELANIE LIDMAN
Lidman is an Associated Press reporter based in Tel Aviv, Israel.
KAREEM CHEHAYEB
Chehayeb is an Associated Press reporter in Beirut.
twitter
 
instagram
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Prosecutor seeks death penalty for 8 charged with kidnapping and killing an...
Your Data, Our Duty for 20 Years
CNET | Western Digital
:
Advertisement
Former prison guard trainee is sentenced to death for killing 5 women at a Florida...
Blackhawks G Petr Mrazek expected to skate on Monday as he works his way back from a groin injury
Judge denies ex-prosecutor's motion to halt her misconduct trial in Ahmaud Arbery investigation
Supreme Court declines appeal from Peter Navarro; Trump...
The Supreme Court has turned back an appeal from Peter Navarro, the former...
AP News
Police in Ohio launch homicide investigation after bodies of 3...
Authorities in Ohio are investigating after the bodies of three women were found...
AP News
Here's what a Water Filtration System Should Cost in North...
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Advertisement:
Learn More
Sleep Made Simple: LifeMD [Learn More]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Folks In South Carolin a Are Raving About This Knee Pain Meth...
RejuvaKnee | Pain-Free Knees
Advertisement:
Try Now
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
Managing your diabetes with confidence is easier with our smallest, most discreet...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Sharpen your chainsaw in 10 seconds without removing the...
This tool Provides a Fast, Simple and Portable method of Sharpening chainsa...
Libiyi
Advertisement:
Get Offer
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
Enjoy a Life with Low Blood Sugar Levels with This Japanese...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Ducks trade D Cam Fowler to St. Louis, ending his 15-season...
The Anaheim Ducks have traded defense man Cam Fowler and a fourth-round pick...
AP News
Texas man gets 100 years in prison for shootings that killed ...
A judge in Las Vegas has sentenced a Texas man to 100 years in prison for his...
AP News
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
The Perfect Game for Strategists
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
Home Goods Store Sale Online Is Offering Unbeatable Deals
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
NFL can't revise the onside kick fast enough for Dan Campbell:...
The NFL was already planning to explore the onside kick before Dan Campbell ma...
AP News
Lawyer for convicted British killer nurse Lucy Letby says ne...
A lawyer for convicted British killer nurse Lucy Letby says he plans to ask an appea...
AP News
Learn More: Bipolar I Disorder
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Learn More
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
Discover Your Home's Worth By Zip Code
nation.com | 'home value by zip code'
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
The Fall of Metformin in Japan Happened Because of This Secret (See Now)
Sugar Reverse:Advertisement
Learn More
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutions)
budgetsmart:Advertisement
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simulates alternative...
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
Meet Indestructible America's Hottest Dog Toy
PetsBoro:Advertisement
Read More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/israel-lebanon-what-to-know-hezbollah-incursion-c44358cb4c70db69bdab4b254cb2ed76 
 ----- 
