 
  
Search for:
BREAKING NEWS
Ribadu: No Foreign Military Base in Nigeria, We Even Refused US Request  7 hours ago
DHQ: Secondary Explosion Responsible for Death of 10 Civilians in Sokoto Not Military Airstrikes  7 hours ago
Nigeria, China Renew N3.28trn Currency Swap Agreement to Boost Bilateral Trade  7 hours ago
FG: Niger Attempting to Blackmail Nigeria over ECOWAS’ Stance, Says It’s Doomed to Fail  1 day ago
LATEST HEADLINES
Nigeria, China Renew N3.28trn Currency Swap Agreement To Boost Bilateral Trade
An Unacceptable Outburst: A Disservice To Akeredolu’s Legacy
Ribadu: No Foreign Military Base In Nigeria, We Even Refused US Request
DHQ: Secondary Explosion Responsible For Death Of 10 Civilians In Sokoto Not Military Airstrikes
Nigeria, China Renew N3.28trn Currency Swap Agreement To Boost Bilateral Trade
An Unacceptable Outburst: A Disservice To Akeredolu’s Legacy
Ribadu: No Foreign Military Base In Nigeria, We Even Refused US Request
DHQ: Secondary Explosion Responsible For Death Of 10 Civilians In Sokoto Not Military Airstrikes
Nigeria, China Renew N3.28trn Currency Swap Agreement To Boost Bilateral Trade
Rwanda Hold Nigeria Goalless in AFCON 2025 Qualifier in Kigali
BREAKING |  4 months ago
 Share Share Share Tweet Email

Femi Solaja

Super Eagles of Nigeria were denied an away win in Kigali Tuesday following Rwanda’s goalkeeper, Fiacre Ntwali’s brilliant show in a goalless outing on Match-day two of the AFCON 2025 qualifiers. 

Nigeria dominated possession but could not break their Rwandese hosts at the Stade Amahoro in Kigali, the capital of the East African country, but it was one of the best outings for the Super Eagles on away soil in recent time.

However, the result leaves the Super Eagles temporarily on top of the group. They will await the outcome of Benin Republic versus Libya at the Stade Félix-Houphouët-Boigny in the Ivorien capital of Abidjan from 8 pm Nigerian time Tuesday. 

A victory for the visitors in that game by as much as a four-goal margin will place them on top of the fledging table.

The Amavubi have their goalkeeper, Ntwari, to thank for frustrating the ferocious attacks of the Nigerian side, led by Atalanta frontman, Ademola Lookman, who converted two goals in Nigeria’s 3-0 defeat of Benin Republic last Saturday in the Akwa Ibom State capital of Uyo.

In the second half, Coach Austin Eguavoen introduced current African footballer of the year, Victor Osimhen, Moses Simon, Fred Onyeka and Raphael Onyedika but Rwanda held their own.

Nigeria will host Libya when the qualifiers resume in October.

RELATED ARTICLES

Founded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria’s most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society.

HELPFUL LINKS
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
CONTACT US

You can email us at: hello@thisdaylive.com or visit our contact us page.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thisdaylive.com/index.php/2024/09/10/rwanda-hold-nigeria-goalless-in-afcon-2025-qualifier-in-kigali/ 
 ----- 
