Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019
Rwanda vs Nigeria Prediction and Betting Tips | September 10th 2024
Rwanda vs Nigeria Prediction and Betting Tips | September 10th 2024
By
Joshua Ojele
Modified Sep 08, 2024 20:10 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Rwanda play host to Nigeria in Group C of the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers on Tuesday

Rwanda play host to Nigeria at the Amahoro Stadium in Group C of the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers on Tuesday. Torsten Spittler’s men will head into the midweek clash looking to get one over the Super Eagles, having failed to win the last five meetings between the two nations since June 2004.

Rwanda turned in a resilient team display in the Group C curtain-raiser as they fought back from behind to salvage a 1-1 draw against Libya.

In an action-packed contest at the 11 June Stadium, Innocent Nshuti scored two minutes into the second half to cancel out Sobhi Al Mabrouk's first-half opener and force a share of the spoils.

Rwanda, who have now gone unbeaten in seven of their last eight games across all competitions, will look to build on Wednesday’s result as they face the stern challenge of taking on a star-studded Nigeria side.

Trending

Meanwhile, Augustine Eguavoen’s second stint in charge of Nigeria got off to a flyer as the Super Eagles thrashed Benin 3-0 in their group opener on Saturday.

Atalanta forward Ademola Lookman struck twice at the Godswill Akpabio Stadium, with Victory Osimhen adding to the scoresheet in the 78th minute to fire the Super Eagles to a comfortable victory.

Nigeria will head into Tuesday’s clash looking to secure consecutive wins for the first time since January and maintain their perfect start to the qualifiers.

Rwanda vs Nigeria Head-To-Head and Key Numbers
Nigeria hold the upper hand in the history of this fixture, having picked up two wins and three draws in their last five encounters.
Rwanda are unbeaten in seven of their last eight matches across all competitions, picking up three wins and four draws since September 2023.
Nigeria have won just two of their last six matches in all competitions while losing three and claiming one draw since February.
Rwanda have failed to win seven of their last eight competitive home games, losing three and picking up four draws since September 2021.
Rwanda vs Nigeria Prediction

Nigeria picked up a resounding victory over Benin last time out and will head into Tuesday’s clash with sky-high confidence.

The Super Eagles boast a significantly superior squad on paper and we are backing them to see off Rwanda at the Amahoro Stadium.

Prediction: Rwanda 1-2 Nigeria

Rwanda vs Nigeria Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Nigeria to win

Tip 2: Both sides to score - Yes (Both sides have scored in five of Nigeria’s last seven games)

Tip 3: Over 10.5 corners - No (There have also been fewer than 11 corner kicks in the Super Eagles’ last five outings)

Quick Links

African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019 Nigeria National Football Team - Super Eagles Rwanda Men
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/rwanda-vs-nigeria-prediction-betting-tips-september-10th-2024 
 ----- 
