TRANSFERS
Premier League
Man City
Man Utd
Liverpool
Arsenal
Chelsea
Tottenham
Leicester City
Everton FC
Aston Villa
West Ham
Newcastle
Brighton
Wolves
Ipswich
Southampton
Nottingham Forest
Fulham
Crystal Palace
Brentford
Bournemouth
Championship
Leeds United
Norwich City
Stoke City
Sheffield United
Bristol City
Sunderland
LaLiga
Real Madrid
Barcelona
Atletico Madrid
Athletic Bilbao
Real Sociedad
Valencia
SPL
Al-Nassr
Al-Hilal
Al-Ittihad
Al-Riyadh
Al-Ahli
Al-Ettifaq
Scottish Premiership
Celtic FC
Rangers FC
News
Fixtures
Competitions
Premier League
LaLiga
EFL Championship
SPL
MLS
Bundesliga
Ligue1
Serie A
EURO
Copa America
UCL
UEL
FA Cup

Home

>

News

>

Rwanda Vs Nigeria Preview 2025 Afcon Qualifiers 10th September 2024

Advertisement
3 min read
Ashu Ranjeet
Mod: 09 Sep 2024 10:21 AM
Rwanda vs Nigeria Prediction, Preview, Lineups and Team News | 2025 AFCON Qualifiers | September 10, 2024
Rwanda vs Nigeria
Preview

Tournament: AFCON Qualifiers 

Date: Tuesday, 10th September 

Kick-off time: 1:00 PM GMT

Venue: Amahoro National Stadium

Rwanda will welcome the continental powerhouse, Nigeria in their second 2025 AFCON Qualifiers match of Group D on Tuesday on home turf at Amahoro National Stadium. 

Rwanda played a 1-1 draw in their campaign opener against Libya Innocent Nshuti netted the equaliser for the Amavubi in the 47th minute to grab a point from in an away outing. They are currently, standing at the bottom of the Group D points table.

In their first qualifying match, the Super Eagles marched over Benin, securing a 3-0 win courtesy of Ademola Lookman‘s brace and Victor Osimhen’s strike last weekend at their home ground, Godswill Akpabio International Stadium. Subsequently, Nigeria is placed in first place in the table.

Team News
Rwanda National Football Team News
Rwanda National Football Team (Getty Images)

The Wasps don’t have any injury concerns in their camp ahead of the crucial fixture. Rwanda head coach, Torsten Spittler is expected to retain their full squad from the previous game with the likes of Innocent Nshuti and  Fitina Omborenga will be key players for the hosts. 

Nigeria National Football Team News
Nigeria team posing ahead of match (Getty Images)

Nigeria’s caretaker coach Augustine Eguavoen also has his entire squad for selection on Tuesday. The visitor’s travelling squad to Rwanda boasts the biggest footballing names on the list from the top five European leagues such as the Premier League, Serie A, Bundesliga, Ligue1 and La Liga. 

Rwanda vs Nigeria Predicted Lineups
Rwanda National Football Predicted Lineup (4-2-3-1): 

Ntwari; Omborenga, Mutsinzi, Manzi, Niyomugabo; Rebangouka, Bizimana; Mugisha, Muhire, Kwizera; Nshuti.

Nigeria National Football Predicted Lineup (3-4-3): 

Nwabali; Ekong, Ajayi, Bassey; Aina, Ndidi, Iwobi, Onyemaechi; Lookman, Osimhen, Chukwueze.

Also Read: North Korea vs Qatar Prediction, Preview, Lineups and Team News | FIFA World Cup Asian Qualifiers

Rwanda vs Nigeria Head-to-Head 

The two African National teams, Rwanda and Nigeria faced each other five times, with the Super Eagles having a numerical advantage over the hosts with two wins and three games were settled in a draw. While the Amavubi are still searching for the maiden victory in this fixture. 

Recent Five H2H Record:

Rwanda 0 – 2 Nigeria — World Cup Qualifiers – 2004

Rwanda 1 – 1 Nigeria  — World Cup Qualifiers – 2005

Rwanda 0 – 2 Nigeria — AFCON Qualifiers – 2012

Rwanda 0 – 0 Nigeria — AFCON Qualifiers -2012

Rwanda 0 – 0 Nigeria — AFCON Championship – 2018

Key Player to Watch Out 
Innocent Nshuti (Rwanda)

The 26-year-old forward, Innocent Nshuti plays his club football in USL League One (American 3rd division) and has represented Rwanda 10 times. His goal in the previous game helped rescue a point for his nation against Libya, he will be a player to watch out for. 

Ademola Lookman (Nigeria)
Ademola Lookman for Super Eagles dribbling against Cameroon (Getty Images)

It’s tough to pick one player who could play a key role for Nigeria since they have a team full of match-winners and elite-quality players from all corners of the world. Nevertheless, Ademola Lookman is the name that rose to prominence recently. The Atalanta forward is always wearing his scoring boots for the Super Eagles, following a scintillating brace in the last match. 

Rwanda vs Nigeria Prediction

The guests and runners-up of AFCON 2023 will be fully confident ahead of the clash following a buzzing 3-0 triumph last weekend. Whereas the hosts have only once qualified for the AFCON Championship, two decades ago in 2000, another defeat at home would break their chances of qualification. Thus, they are also expected to go all in against Superior opposition to put up a fight. 

However, considering the overall quality of both the squads, we are predicting a convincing win for Nigeria in midweek. 


Predicted Score: Rwanda 1 – 3 Nigeria
Where to Watch Rwanda vs Nigeria Live?
Country	Where to Watch
UK	Sky Sports
USA	beIN Sports
India	Fancode
Nigeria	SuperSport
Rwanda	RTV Rwanda
FAQs

Q. When is Rwanda vs Nigeria?

Q. What is the predicted lineup for Rwanda vs Nigeria?

Q. What is the head-to-head record for Rwanda vs Nigeria?

Q. Where to Watch Rwanda vs Nigeria live in Nigeria?

Trending Articles

Man United vs Newcastle Lineups, Preview, Prediction an...

Derby County vs Leeds United Lineups, Preview, Predicti...

Arsenal 1-0 Ipswich: Player Ratings as Kai Havertz scor...

Tottenham Hotspur vs Wolves Lineups, Preview, Predictio...

QUICK LINKS
Home
All News
Fixtures
COMPETITIONS
Premier League
La Liga
EFL Championship
Saudi Pro League
Bundesliga
Ligue1
Serie A
UEL
UCL
FA Cup
NEWS
Football Features
Football News
Football Predictions
Player Ratings
Entertainment
FPL
Esports
WNBA Features
WNBA Players
WNBA All Star Game
FOLLOW US
About us
•
Privacy Policy
•
Career
Website Sitemap

All images used are for editorial purposes only. License solely with Getty/Source.

Copyright © 2024 Sportsdunia All rights reserved.

The information contained in Sportsdunia may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of Sportsdunia
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsdunia.com/news/rwanda-vs-nigeria-preview-2025-afcon-qualifiers-10th-september-2024 
 ----- 
