Mon, 13 Jan 2025

 Menu
VOLUME NO. 0205/16
Streaking Cavaliers cruise to win over Warriors

Field Level Media
31 Dec 2024, 15:55 GMT+10

(Photo credit: John Hefti-Imagn Images)

Darius Garland finished with game highs of 25 points and eight assists as the visiting Cleveland Cavaliers cruised to their seventh straight win, a 113-95 decision over the Golden State Warriors on Monday in San Francisco.

Dean Wade recorded 10 points and 13 rebounds for Cleveland. Donovan Mitchell finished with 23 points, and his 5-of-11 shooting from beyond the 3-point arc led Cleveland to an 18-of-47 night (38.3 percent) from long distance.

Mitchell's third-quarter 3-point barrage keyed the decisive run. He opened the period by sinking treys on three straight Cleveland possessions for a 9-0 spurt. The quick burst was part of a pivotal 20-5 run that lasted the first four minutes of the period and was capped when Mitchell connected on his fourth 3-pointer of the stretch.

On the other end, the Cavaliers' defense made it difficult for Golden State to score from outside or the interior. The Warriors shot just 33 of 99 from the floor, including 9 of 38 (23.7 percent) on 3-point attempts.

Golden State star Stephen Curry went 4-for-14 and scored just 11 points, his third-lowest output of the season. Curry previously managed just 12 points in the Warriors' 19-point loss at Cleveland on Nov. 8.

Evan Mobley contributed to the Cavaliers' defensive effort on Monday with three blocked shots. Jarrett Allen and Wade each blocked a pair of shots, and Allen finished with 12 points and nine rebounds. Ty Jerome added 10 points off the Cleveland bench.

Moses Moody led Golden State with 19 points on 7-of-8 shooting from the floor. Jonathan Kuminga recorded 18 points and 10 rebounds in the loss, and Trayce Jackson-Davis grabbed a career-high 16 rebounds to go with his season-high-tying 16 points.

Golden State took its seventh loss in the past nine games. Cleveland, meanwhile, improved to 2-0 on its four-game Western Conference road swing that continues on Tuesday in Los Angeles vs. the Lakers.

--Field Level Media

Share article:
 Share
Subscribe and Follow

Get a daily dose of Cambodian Times news through our daily email, its complimentary and keeps you fully up to date with world and business news as well.

Subscribe Now
NEWS RELEASES

Publish news of your business, community or sports group, personnel appointments, major event and more by submitting a news release to Cambodian Times.

More Information
null in null
International
Section
Ten Israeli troops have died in recent days in Gaza
 

Ten Israeli soldiers have been killed in recent days in northern Gaza, where the Israeli army has been conducting a ...

Flights canceled, schools shut across US South after winter storm
 

DALLAS, Texas: A strong winter storm hit the southern U.S. this week, bringing heavy snow and icy conditions. Schools were ...

Energy czar appointed to tackle Puerto Rico's power crisis
 

SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico: In a decisive move to address Puerto Rico's ongoing power crisis, Governor Jenniffer Gonzalez Colon has ...

Elk stuck on ice climbing route rescued by Colorado wildlife officials
 

LAKE CITY, Colorado: Wildlife officials and ice climbers worked together to rescue a bull elk stuck on a cliff in ...

North Carolina receives grants of $1.65 billion for Helene recovery
 

ASHEVILLE, North Carolina: North Carolina is receiving over US$1.65 billion from the federal government to help recover from the severe ...

Trump calls California governor "Newscum"
 

LOS ANGELES, California (ANI/Big News Network): After U.S. President-elect Donald Trump blamed him for the Los Angeles wildfires, California Governor ...

Sports
Section
India's Sumit Nagal crashes out of Australian Open 2025 after losing in first round
 

Melbourne [Australia], January 12 (ANI): India's Sumit Nagal lost to Czechia's Tomas Machac in the first round of the men's ...

Will carry forward work done by Jay Shah: Devajit Saikia after being appointed BCCI Secretary
 

Mumbai (Maharashtra) [India], January 12 (ANI): Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) newly appointed secretary Devajit Saikia opened ...

When tennis met cricket: Novak Djokovic left gobsmacked during Melbourne derby in BBL
 

Docklands [Australia], January 12 (ANI): Serbia icon and tennis sensation Novak Djokovic had a priceless reaction during the BBL clash ...

Sunil Gavaskar felicitated as MCA kicks off Wankhede Stadium's 50th anniversary celebrations
 

Mumbai (Maharashtra) [India], January 12 (ANI): The Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) commenced the 50th-anniversary celebratory week of the Wankhede Stadium ...

Afghanistan reveal squad for their maiden ICC Men's Champions Trophy campaign
 

Kabul [Afghanistan], January 12 (ANI): Afghanistan Cricket Board (ACB) on Sunday announced that Hashmatullah Shahidi will lead the national side ...

Staal family, Hurricanes ready for big night vs. Ducks
 

(Photo credit: Steve Roberts-Imagn Images) The Carolina Hurricanes will honor franchise legend Eric Staal as part of the festivities connected ...

Movie Review
The Stranger
Stranger
About us
Contact us
News Releases
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Archives
Sitemap
Weather
Network

© Copyright 1999-2025 Cambodian Times. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cambodiantimes.com/news/274905156/streaking-cavaliers-cruise-to-win-over-warriors 
 ----- 
