Skip to content
Subscribe Now
35°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Yankees beat Red Sox on Soto’s hit in 10th inning
New York Yankees’ Anthony Volpe, left, and Aaron Judge, right, douse Juan Soto, center, after he hit the winning base hit during the 10th inning of a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox at Yankee Stadium, Thursday, Sept. 12, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
PUBLISHED: September 13, 2024 at 7:50 AM EDT

NEW YORK — Juan Soto hit a game-ending single leading off the 10th inning to lift the New York Yankees over the Boston Red Sox 2-1 Thursday night as Aaron Judge’s homerless streak stretched to a career-high 16 games.

With pinch-runner Jon Berti on second as the automatic runner, Soto reached out for a sinker on the outside corner and grounded a single against Josh Winckowski (4-2) just past the glove shortstop Trevor Story, who tried for a diving, backhand grab.

Center fielder Ceddanne Rafaela’s one-hop throw was up the third-base line and Berti slid in head first ahead of catcher Connor Wong’s attempt for a lunging tag to give the Yankees back-to-back walk-off wins for the first time since May 8 and 9, 2021, against Washington.

Soto was mobbed in the infield and said he will remember his first walk-off hit for the Yankees.

“The crowd, my teammates and everybody, I mean, those guys they were running hard on me,” he said. “I just did not know where to go.”

Judge, who leads the major leagues with 51 homers and 126 RBIs, went 1 for 4 with a single and is batting .207 (12 for 58) with 21 strikeouts since Aug. 26. He went homerless in 15 games from Aug. 17 through Sept. 2 in 2017.

He hit a first-inning drive that Wilyer Abreu caught in front of the right-field wall and a 104.7 mph grounder that third baseman Rafael Devers grabbed with a spinning stop and turned into an inning-ending double play in the fifth.

“Homers, even for guys like him, they still come in bunches and you’re going to have those stretches,” Yankees manager Aaron Boone said. “I guess it’s amazing that he has avoided those. But, I mean, that’s just a testament to how good of a hitter and how much power he has but I thought he had good at-bats tonight and almost got one.”

Gleyber Torres homered off Cooper Criswell leading off the first and Danny Jansen went deep against Nestor Cortes starting the fifth. Acquired from Toronto in late July, Jansen hit his third home run for Boston and first since Aug. 10.

New York (85-62) won for the fifth time in seven games and opened a two-game AL East lead over second-place Baltimore (83-64), the Yankees’ largest since before play on Aug. 27. The Yankees have won seven straight series openers.

Boston (74-73) dropped 4 1/2 games back of Minnesota (78-68) for the final AL wild card.

“You have to stay positive,” Devers told reporters. “You can come tomorrow and win then win the next two games and you’re right back there again in the fire. Keep playing and stay positive.”

Clay Holmes (3-5), demoted from his closer’s role after blowing 12 saves in 41 chances, retired the last two batters of the 10th as Nestor Cortes and four relievers combined on a four-hitter.

Anthony Volpe left the bases loaded with inning-ending flyouts in the fourth and sixth.

Coming off his first relief appearance in three years, 4 1/3 hitless innings to win at the Chicago Cubs, Cortes allowed three hits and three walks in five innings with nine strikeouts. He has allowed 24 homers this year, eight more than previous career high.

“There’s always that chip on my shoulder as far as belonging here, belonging in the big leagues, and I never want to lose that edge,” he said. “That’s what keeps me going.”

Cortes was accepting of the bullpen role but had complained after the Sept. 7 game in Chicago, saying: “Obviously I was upset. I felt like I’ve been, amongst all the starters, the workhorse here. Once (Gerrit) Cole went down, they picked me to be the opening day starter — not necessarily the No. 1, but the opening day starter. I had to switch my routine there. … “Now they do this.”

He said after facing the Red Sox: “I know last week I might have came off like I was asking for too much, but I got my point across and at the end of the day, I’m going to do whatever this team needs for me to do to win, whether it’s throwing 40 pitches out of ‘pen or 70 pitches out of the ’pen or starting a full game.”

Criswell gave up four hits and three walks in 5 1/3 innings.

Rafaela’s 102.3 mph liner leading off the eighth knocked off the glove of reliever Tim Hill, who picked up the ball with his bare left hand and threw to first for the out.

Giancarlo Stanton, in a 1-for-26 slide, blooped an opposite-field single into right in the fourth. Rizzo was hit by a pitch for the 220th time.

Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred met separately with both teams before the game.

Tierna Davidson, Crystal Dunn, Rose Lavelle, Emily Sonnett and Lynn Williams of the gold medal-winning U.S. Olympic women’s soccer team were honored on the field before the national anthem.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Red Sox: RF Rob Refsnyder was scratched because of right wrist discomfort and replaced by Romy González, then pinch ran in the 10th inning.

UP NEXT

Boston All-Star RHP Tanner Houck (8-10, 3.24) is scheduled to start Friday on eight days’ rest after getting pushed back because of soreness. RHP Clarke Schmidt (5-3, 2.23) makes his second start for the Yankees since recovering from a strained right lat muscle.

Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Iowa Seniors Are Getting Thousands Back in Savings on Their Home Insurance
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Always Place a Ziplock Bag on Your Car Mirror When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
A 60-year-old Grandmother Designed a Bra for Women That is Popular All Over！
Libiyi
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch for Easy Blood Sugar Testing
Ribili
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Sneaky Way Iowa Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Tardive
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
15 Companies That Will Give You Food and Other Products for Free
The Penny Hoarder
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy is Sweeping Iowa
Rechol
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Experience Safer Nighttime Drives With These Glasses
Ribili
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
Moerie
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive Diskinesia
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
The 10 Most Harmful Dinner Foods You Need to Stop Eating
HEALTH NATURAL
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
Take A Look At Jack Nicholson's Disgusting Home
Rank Upwards
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Council Bluffs Are Being Sold Almost for Nothin
Storage Units
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
10 Foods You Must Avoid if You're over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
Arthritis or Joint Pain? Do This Immediately (Watch Results in 4 Days)
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Guest Oped: The State Must Protect Gun Violence Research in New Jersey (Brady: United Against Gun Violence column)
Guest Oped: The State Must Protect Gun Violence Research in New Jersey (Brady: United Against Gun Violence column)
Ewing girls basketball’s new cast of characters surge past Allentown
Ewing girls basketball’s new cast of characters surge past Allentown
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN MLB
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
Rudy at the Bat: Giuliani fights to save his Yankees World Series rings from $148 million verdict
2024
September
13
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/09/13/yankees-beat-red-sox-on-sotos-hit-in-10th-inning/ 
 ----- 
