Pinstripes Nation

A New York Yankees Fan SiteYankees tickets

HomeNewsYankees outright Anthony Misiewicz to Triple-A after clearing waivers
Yankees outright Anthony Misiewicz to Triple-A after clearing waivers
The SunYankees tickets
By Esteban Quiñones 
Thursday September 12, 2024
September 12, 2024
6:14 pm
No Comments
Follow Us

The New York Yankees announced that left-handed pitcher Anthony Misiewicz has cleared waivers after being designated for assignment (DFA) and has been outrighted to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.

This move follows the team’s decision to activate utility player Jon Berti from the injured list. Misiewicz, who is 29 years old, has the option to reject the assignment and pursue free agency. However, if he remains with Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, he will still be eligible for minor league free agency at the end of the season, as he has exactly three years of Major League service time.Yankees tickets

Anthony Misiewicz stays with Yankees, assigned to Scranton/Wilkes-Barre
SL.com

Anthony Misiewicz’s time with the Yankees in 2024 has been brief. He pitched just one inning on June 19, a scoreless frame, though it wasn’t without its challenges, as he allowed two hits and a walk during the outing. Most of his season has been spent in Triple-A, where he has performed respectably, logging 54 innings with a 3.33 ERA, a solid 29.9% strikeout rate, and a 6.7% walk rate.

Over the course of his career, Anthony Misiewicz has played parts of five seasons for five different Major League teams, posting a combined 4.67 ERA. His strikeout rate (22.8%) is around league average, while his walk rate (7.6%) has been relatively strong.

In the minors, specifically at the Triple-A level, Anthony Misiewicz has pitched 209 1/3 innings with a 4.47 ERA. While his strikeout (over 25%) and walk (7.7%) rates have been encouraging, he has struggled with home runs, allowing 1.42 homers per nine innings.

While Anthony Misiewicz’s immediate future with the Yankees remains uncertain, he remains a serviceable left-handed option, especially for teams seeking bullpen depth.

What do you think? Leave your comment below.

Follow Us
Categories: News
Tags: anthony misiewicz, New York Yankees
Related posts:
Yankees set the stage for Jasson Dominguez’s breakout with strategic offseason moves
Insider predicts big role for Scott Effross in revamped Yankees bullpen
Luis Arraez unlikely to wear Pinstripes as Yankees stay out of trade talks
Yankees linked to Gold Glove winner Ha-Seong Kim in free agency
Prev
PREVIOUS
Former Yankees ace James Paxton announces retirement after 2024 season
NEXT
Social media reacts as Juan Soto’s walk-off lifts Yankees in crucial win over Red Sox
Next
0
Article Rating
 Subscribe 
Connect with
 Login
Please login to comment
0 COMMENTS
Top Stories
Trade proposal: Yankees package Ben Rice, Stroman for Blue Jays’ Guerrero Jr.
Yankees set the stage for Jasson Dominguez’s breakout with strategic offseason moves
Teams circle Oswaldo Cabrera, but Yankees won’t budge on trade calls
Luis Arraez’s strange reaction shadows Yankees’ reported trade interest
Yankees linked to Gold Glove winner Ha-Seong Kim in free agency

Join the Pinstripes Nation!

Your Daily Dose of Yankees Magic Delivered to Your Inbox.

Name
Email
Subscribe Now!

We don’t spam! Read our privacy policy for more info.

Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Youtube
 
Instagram
 
Rss
English
Español (Spanish)
Stories
About Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
X-twitter
 
Instagram
 
Facebook
 
Youtube
 
Rss

Copyright © 2025 Pinstripes Nation
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pinstripesnation.com/yankees-outright-anthony-misiewicz-to-triple-a-after-clearing-waivers-2024-09-12/ 
 ----- 
