Skip to content
Subscribe Now
50°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Newsom says budget is balanced, will still tap $7 billion in reserves
SPORTSMLBSAN FRANCISCO GIANTSNews
SF Giants use youth movement to beat Dodgers, Kershaw
Tyler Fitzgerald homered and Tristan Beck tossed five strong innings as Giants used a season-high 8 rookies in 2-1 win
San Francisco Giants pitcher Tristan Beck reacts after striking out Los Angeles Dodgers’ James Outman during the fourth inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 30, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)
By EVAN WEBECK | ewebeck@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group
UPDATED: October 1, 2023 at 9:07 AM PDT

SAN FRANCISCO — After years of killing the Giants, Max Muncy did something in their favor Saturday night.

First, Muncy made the curious choice to throw to second instead of tagging the lead runner on a ground ball from Thairo Estrada in the sixth inning. That gave the Giants runners at the corners and one out. Then, Muncy fumbled away another potential double play ball from Wilmer Flores, allowing Austin Slater to score from third.

That broke a 1-1 tie and, behind five strong innings from Tristan Beck, paved the way to a 2-1 win.

On a day that the Giants featured a season-high eight rookies, their rookie interim manager also reached a milestone — his first win. Kai Correa was greeted by a procession of hugs and high fives as players returned to the clubhouse, where the true celebration took place.

Sean Manaea wheeled Correa in a laundry basket into the manager’s office, where the rest of the roster showered him in Lagunitas IPAs and Powerade.

“The circumstances are unusual, or suboptimal,” Correa said after the game (but before the beer shower). “It meant a lot to me how excited those players were. … I think therapeutic is an unfair word, but I think winning can be a nice escape from everything else that has gone on, a reminder that’s the reason we’re here in the first place.”

The Giants don’t have much to brag about this season, but a win in the season finale Sunday would clinch the season series against their archrivals.

1) Bring on the kids

If the Giants hadn’t already shifted focus to 2024, well, consider Saturday’s lineup the official turning point.

With Mitch Haniger and J.D. Davis already on the injured list, fellow veterans Joc Pederson, Michael Conforto and Mike Yastrzemski rode the pine. Instead, the Giants started an entire outfield of rookies, populated the left side of their infield with first-year players and made up both components of their battery with rookies.

In case you lost track, that’s seven rookies in 10 possible spots.

They faced a stiff test — or, in the words of Correa, a “fun challenge” — with future Hall of Famer Clayton Kershaw starting for the Dodgers.

“We all saw the lineup last night and we were all pretty excited about it,” said Tyler Fitzgerald, who started in center field and contributed a third-inning solo shot.

Kershaw was in classic form, so it was more “challenge” than “fun” for most, but Fitzgerald won’t soon forget his first at-bat. Fitzgerald, the 12th and most recent rookie to debut this season, slugged a hanging curveball 414 feet into the left-field bleachers, the second home run of his career.

“He left one over the plate and I was able to do some damage,” Fitzgerald said. “He’s a great pitcher. He’s been doing it for so long. It just means a lot to be able to hit a home run off him, all the hard work I’ve put in, to see the results like that.”

Both Fitzgerald’s homers have come against the Dodgers. That’s one way to endear yourself to the fanbase.

“I’ve gotten to know Fitzy over these last couple years,” Beck said. “Seeing him get to take Clayton Kershaw deep, that was pretty cool, man. Obviously we’ve had a lot of rookies this season. We’re really tight. It’s a really close-knit group. It’s fun to see everyone having success.”

San Francisco Giants’ Tyler Fitzgerald celebrates after hitting a home run against the Los Angeles Dodgers during the third inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 30, 2023. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) 

Opposing Kershaw, Beck continued to make his case to begin next season in the rotation with a strong showing against a dangerous Dodgers lineup.

Allowing one run over five innings, Beck coaxed pop ups from both halves of the best one-two punch in baseball, Mookie Betts and Freddie Freeman, in the first inning. He ended the third by inducing a double-play grounder off the bat of Freeman. But he couldn’t survive them a third time, allowing Betts to single home David Peralta for the one and only run he allowed in the fifth inning.

Between Keaton Winn on Friday, Beck on Saturday and Kyle Harrison in the season finale Sunday, the Giants will start rookies on three consecutive days (not counting openers) for the first time since 2003. That group — Kurt Ainsworth, Jerome Williams and Jesse Foppert — combined to make 84 starts for the Giants, so there’s hope that this trio carries more longevity.

For good measure, another rookie, Ryan Walker, took over for Beck and tossed two scoreless. That brought the total number of rookies to eight, the most to appear in a game this season — notable considering the club’s youth movement.

“I wish we would’ve put a few more runs on the board, but to come out with a win against the Dodgers anytime, it’s a big win,” Fitzgerald said. “I’m glad the rookies could come together and get it for us.”

2) Kershaw’s farewell?

Just like Sunday’s game might be Brandon Crawford’s last in a Giants uniform, Saturday might be Clayton Kershaw’s last-ever start at Oracle Park.

But, in both cases, we don’t know for sure.

Neither player has outlined their plans beyond this season.

Kershaw walked off the mound to applause from the contingent of Dodgers fans behind the first-base dugout after Muncy’s error. Both the Giants’ runs went on his record, raising his career ERA in 30 appearances at Oracle Park to 1.69, still the lowest in the ballpark’s history.

To get a sense of Kershaw’s dominance, this was the 11th time he has allowed two runs here. He’s allowed more than that twice. He’s allowed fewer 17 times.

In terms of stature, Correa compared Kershaw to LeBron James.

“He is that kind of caliber player of this generation,” Correa said. “I was just telling a story the other day on the bench. As a young coach, you try to be stoic and not get caught up by the bright lights or the famous people. There’s certain people that stop you in your tracks and there’s no overcoming that.

“I remember one day in pregame a handful of years ago, I’m hitting ground balls to a guy and Kershaw’s out doing his walk. He’s like, ‘Come on, Kai, give this guy some top spin!’ I’m thinking to myself, ‘Hey, he knows my name!’ He’s one of those people.”

3) Dodger blue

By the numbers, the Giants drew a strong Saturday night crowd of 39,253.

By the eye test, about a third of them were rooting for the visiting team.

RELATED ARTICLES
Kurtenbach: That’s it? The SF Giants need to keep spending this offseason
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
SF Giants agree with Justin Verlander on one-year contract: report

The Giants’ post-pandemic attendance woes are no secret, nor is their archrivals’ semi-annual takeover of their waterfront ballpark. And with one team marching toward the postseason and the other marching out an interim manager, the sea of Dodger blue should come as no surprise.

Farhan Zaidi said the organization must “rethink everything” in the wake of their disappointing season, and that includes finding out way to field a more exciting product that appeals to fans. It’s all the more important given the choice for many is no longer a post-work walk down the Embarcadero but a commute from far-flung suburbs.

The Giants surpassed their 2022 attendance total Friday night and will only add to it in the season finale Sunday.

But in a year where attendance is up 9.3% league-wide, the Giants have seen less than a 1% per-game increase.

Originally Published: September 30, 2023 at 8:12 PM PDT
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Health Care Clues
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Cause Will Leave You Speechless!
Tardive Dyskenisia
Discover The Breakthrough Seniors Use to Defeat Neuropathy
2025 Neuropathy Guide
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Bra Designed by a 70-year-old Grandma is Taking Iowa by Storm!
Dotmalls
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Failing Heart Valve - a Warning You Shouldn't Ignore!
Heart Failure Treatment
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Diabetes Freedom
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
Council Bluffs: Discover Stunning 2-bed Senior Homes - Take a Look Inside Now!
Senior Living
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
6 Ways to Save Money in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
People Over 45 With Neuropathy Are in for a Big Surprise (It's Genius)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
MD: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
WellnessGaze Neuro
10 Foods You Cannot Eat When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
15 Foods You Should Avoid at Breakfast
Health Natural
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
This Little-known Stretch Eliminates Joint Pain in No Time (Genius)
Healthier Living Tips
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Signals of Crohn`s Disease You Shouldn't Ignore but Most People Do! (See Here)
Crohn's Disease Treatment
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Top Doctor: Do This to Regrow Your Hair (Genius)
WG Hair Restore
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Jr Day Strength to Love T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Blurry Vision? Do This Immediately and See Results
WellnessGaze Vision
Never Brush Your Teeth This Way (Do This Instead)
Provadent
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
Surgeon: Easy Method Relieves Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) - Stop Doing This
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Three Banks Introduce 12 Per Cent Interest Rates on Savings Accounts
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Council Bluffs: a Stunning Prefab House Just for $5000 - Peek Inside!
Shipping Container Homes
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Rubin: Trump’s Ukraine policy will show if he is a winner or a loser
Word Game: Jan. 11, 2025
Today in History: January 11, Theodore Roosevelt makes the Grand Canyon a national monument
Horoscopes Jan. 11, 2025: Mary J. Blige, use your charm, intelligence and determination to get ahead
Asking Eric: My husband says I’m not to report our neighbors
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
Five-bedroom home sells in San Jose for $4.9 million
Mel Gibson’s Malibu home burned as he ripped Gavin Newsom on Joe Rogan’s show
Silicon Valley Congressman Khanna torches Democrats for alleged bumbling that will ‘hurt the young folks’
Newsom says budget is balanced, will still tap $7 billion in reserves

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS
Kurtenbach: That’s it? The SF Giants need to keep spending this offseason
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
2023
September
30
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/09/30/sf-giants-use-youth-movement-to-beat-dodgers-kershaw/ 
 ----- 
