Subscribe to WSN. Sign up for special offers

Home
 
MLB

Best MLB Bets This Weekend | MLB Picks, September 30-October 1
Contributors
Published September 30, 2023
4 min read

The final weekend of the MLB regular season has arrived, and there are several intriguing games to look forward to. There are also several betting angles worth taking going into this weekend’s games, from a crucial matchup to the playoff races out West, to some games without any playoff impact.

Texas Rangers vs Seattle Mariners
Time: Saturday, September 30 at 7:15 PM ET
Starting Pitchers: Andrew Heaney vs Luis Castillo
Moneyline: Rangers (+120) | Mariners (-142)
Runline: Rangers +1.5 (-166) | Mariners  -1.5 (+140)
Total: Over 7.5 (+102) | Under 7.5 (-122)

Odds courtesy of DraftKings Sportsbook. Check out other MLB betting sites for more betting opportunities

My Pick: Under 7.5 (-122)

Our first MLB bet for the weekend comes in the massive contest in the AL West between the Texas Rangers and Seattle Mariners. Both of these teams are separated by just a couple of games, and are two of the three teams fighting for two playoff berths remaining for AL West teams. But rather than taking a side, we like the game to go under the total of 7.5 runs on Friday night.

We should see Andrew Heaney on the mound for the Rangers against Luis Castillo of the Mariners. Castillo has been incredible this season for the Mariners, posting a 14-8 record and a 3.20 ERA. He was one of the last pitchers to remain in the AL Cy Young discussion alongside Gerrit Cole, and the Mariners ace should be able to limit the Texas lineup with Castillo on the hill.

Heaney should pitch respectably in this game as well, as he faces a Mariners team that is near the middle of the pack in runs scored this season. Seattle has had a tendency to tense up in big games offensively dating back to last year’s postseason. We could see that again here as the Mariners need to win this game to keep their postseason hopes alive going into the final day of the regular season.

Los Angeles Dodgers vs San Francisco Giants
Time: Saturday, September 30 at 9:05 PM ET
Starting Pitchers: Clayton Kershaw vs Tristan Beck
Moneyline: Dodgers (-175) | Giants (+150)
Runline: Dodgers -1.5 (-111) | Giants +1.5 (-108)
Total: Over 8 (-118) | Under 8 (-104)

Odds courtesy of FanDuel Sportsbook.

My Pick: Dodgers -1.5 (-111)
How We Rate
Affiliate Disclaimer
21+

FanDuel

4.5/5

Free play options

Special contests for newbies

BET $5, GET $200 IN BONUS BETS

21+ | Terms and conditions apply

Claim Now
FanDuel Review

The Los Angeles Dodgers have already clinched the NL West, and are locked into the MLB postseason. Meanwhile, the San Francisco Giants have already been eliminated from playoff contention. But just because this game does not have any postseason implications does not mean that there is not some betting value on the game, as we should see the Dodgers win and cover the runline in the Bay Area.

Clayton Kershaw is on the mound for the Dodgers in this game, which should yield positive results for LA. Kershaw is 13-4 on the season with a 2.42 ERA, and would be considered one of the favorites for the NL Cy Young in most years, had Blake Snell not run away with it in the second half of this season. Here, he should be able to stifle the Giants lineup in a game that has more significance than one might think for the Dodgers.

While Los Angeles is locked into the second position in the National League playoff hierarchy, this game matters for reasons that go beyond the standings. The Dodgers are set for a fight this postseason, as they are going to need to be at their best to topple the Atlanta Braves late in the playoffs. Games like this are important for momentum building for a team hoping to accomplish that goal later on.

New York Yankees vs Kansas City Royals
Time: Sunday, October 1 at 3:10 PM ET
Starting Pitchers: Michael King vs Zack Greinke
Moneyline: Yankees (-155) | Royals (+130)
Runline: Yankees -1.5 (EVEN) | Royals +1.5 (-120)
Total: Over 8 (-108) | Under 8 (-112)

Odds courtesy of DraftKings Sportsbook.

My Pick: Over 8 (-108)

On the final day of the MLB regular season, the New York Yankees will take on the Kansas City Royals. The Yankees and Royals have nothing important to play for in this game, as both have been eliminated from playoff contention. But we should see an entertaining game in Kansas City, as we like this contest to go over the total of eight runs.

The starting pitching matchup in this game is far from desirable for both teams, as Michael King and Zack Greinke take the hill for their respective clubs. King is 4-7 on the year, while Greinke is 1-15 with a 5.18 ERA. Look for some offensive fireworks from both teams, as they should end the season with a fun affair that sends them into their offseasons with at least some kind of positive feeling even if their seasons have been failures.

Latest MLB Articles
Show more

MLB Free Agency Predictions: Juan Soto Signs Largest Contract in Sports History With Mets

1 month ago | Tanner Kern

Best MLB Prop Bets Today: Five Prop Bets for World Series Game 5

2 months ago | Bryan Zarpentine

Best MLB Same Game Parlay Picks Today: Yankees Fight Back

2 months ago | Tanner Kern

Jay Sanin

SPORTS BETTING ANALYST & CONTENT SPECIALIST

Expertise:
NFL
MLB
Betting Picks
Online Sports Betting
Jay Sanin is a sports bettor and writer from New York. He has been handicapping since the moment he was old enough to gamble legally, with his specialties being niche sports like the WNBA and XFL. He’s been told he has a voice for radio. He also has a face for radio.
MORE ARTICLES BY JAY SANIN
Email:
jay.sanin@wsn.com
Nationality:
American
Education:
N/A
Favourite Sportsbook:
Borgata Sportsbook
Favourite Casino:
PlayStar Casino
Experience:
15 years
Get special offers and tips straight to your inbox

Sign up to our newsletter to get WSN's latest hands-on reviews, expert advice, and exclusive offers delivered straight to your inbox.

Subscribe
We've been featured on:
We only list licensed sportsbooks
POPULAR
NBA vs WNBA
UFC Weight Classes
DraftKings vs FanDuel
Fair-Weather Fans
Best Movie Training Montages
Parlay Calculator
Horse Racing Calculator
High School Athlete Endorsement Index
NFL Offense Rankings
NFL Defense Rankings
NFL Picks Against the Spread
NFL FUTURES
Super Bowl Odds
NFC Championship Odds
AFC Championship Odds
NFL MVP Odds
NFL Offensive Player Of The Year Odds
NFL Defensive Player Of The Year Odds
NFL Win Totals Odds
View All NFL Futures
ABOUT WSN
Contact Us
About Us
Our Team
How We Rate
Responsible Gambling
Careers
Press
Environment and Sustainability
Diversity and Inclusion
Web Accessibility
Sitemap
POLICY
Editorial Principles
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Underage Policy
Player Rights
KYC (Know Your Customer)
Security Policy

We support responsible gambling. Gambling can be addictive, please play responsibly. If you need help, call 1-800-Gambler.

WSN.com is managed by Gentoo Media. Unless declared otherwise, all of the visible content on this site, such as texts and images, including the brand name and logo, belongs to Innovation Labs Limited (a Gentoo Media company) - Company Registration Number C44130, VAT ID: MT18874732, @GIG Beach Triq id-Dragunara, St. Julians, STJ3148, Malta.

Advertising Disclosure: WSN.com contains links to partner websites. When a visitor to our website clicks on one of these links and makes a purchase at a partner site, World Sports Network is paid a commission.

Copyright © 2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wsn.com/mlb/best-mlb-bets-this-weekend-september-30-october-1-2023/ 
 ----- 
