MLB
Los Angeles Dodgers
Dodgers: Miguel Rojas gets real on HBP vs. Giants after injury

Miguel Rojas has a bright reaction to the results of his wrist injury after the HBP that occurred in the Dodgers win over the Giants.

By 

Christopher Smith

Sep 30, 2023 at 4:40 PM ET

The Los Angeles Dodgers' 6-2 win over the San Francisco Giants was positive for two reasons. The Dodgers got the victory, and Miguel Rojas' injury scare is less severe than originally thought. Rojas was hit by a pitch on Friday night, inducing a wrist injury that caused him to leave the game early. Fortunately, X-rays on his wrist were negative.

“X-rays were negative on Miguel Rojas’ left wrist, Dave Roberts said. Will get a CT tomorrow. Said they feel they dodged a bullet,” Fabian Ardaya of The Athletic wrote on Twitter.

This is good news for the Dodgers, who look to make a deep playoff run after finishing their series against the Giants. Rojas is optimistic about getting a chance to return to the baseball field.

“I'm pretty positive that everything's going to be all right, and I'll be good to go for the rest of the season,” Rojas said via SportsNet LA. “Right now, I know it's going to hurt. I got hit [in my left wrist] before, so it's going to take a little while [to recover]. But I'm glad we have a couple of days before we play our first playoff game, so I'm pretty positive I'm going to be able to play.”

Related Los Angeles Dodgers News
Article continues below
Yankees fans involved in Mookie Betts World Series incident banned from MLB stadiums
13h
Dodgers trade former top-20 MLB prospect to Twins
1d
MLB rumors: Roki Sasaki predicted to bypass Dodgers for very interesting reason
2d
MLB rumors: Padres signing Roki Sasaki over Dodgers buzz getting louder
3d
SportsNet LA
@SportsNetLA
·
Follow

"I'm pretty positive that everything's going to be all right, and I'll be good to go for the rest of the season." Miguel Rojas provides an update on his HBP and on his positioning when the Giants challenged the play.

Watch on Twitter
5:30 AM · Sep 30, 2023
271
Reply
Copy link
Read 3 replies
Expand Tweet

 

The Miguel Rojas injury could give San Francisco a chance to steal the last game of the series. The Giants, however, have larger concerns. San Fransisco fired manager Gabe Kapler following the team's underwhelming performance this season. The firing makes way for change on a Giants team in need of new leadership.

As Rojas tends to his wrist, the Dodgers will focus on closing out their last regular-season game before the playoffs begin October 3rd.

Christopher Smith is a sports journalist who primarily covers the Chicago Sky, NBA, NCAA Basketball, and the NFL for ClutchPoints. The Aurora, Illinois native received his education from Creighton University, and he has bylines at Last Word on Sports and FanSided.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
MLB rumors: Roki Sasaki predicted to bypass Dodgers for very interesting reason
1 day ago
MLB rumors: Padres signing Roki Sasaki over Dodgers buzz getting louder
3 days ago
MLB rumors: Mariners, Tigers loom as potential Nolan Arenado landing spots
1 day ago
5 best MLB free agents still available ahead of 2025 season
3 days ago
MLB rumors: Why Roki Sasaki won’t sign at start of next international signing period
5 days ago
Marlins’ Sandy Alcantara-Red Sox trade speculation gets doused in cold water
1 day ago
MLB rumors: Cubs, Blue Jays enter Yoan Moncada sweepstakes amid Alex Bregman wait
4 days ago
MLB rumors: Max Scherzer market ‘heating up’ with 4 teams interested
1 week ago
Ex-Braves, Giants infielder makes retirement decision
2 weeks ago
MLB rumors: Angels, Blue Jays, Tigers listed as Anthony Santander suitors
4 days ago
Ranking the dirtiest players in MLB history
1 week ago
MLB rumors: Roki Sasaki makes clear request to interested teams amid offseason sweepstakes
1 week ago
Miguel Rojas
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/dodgers-news-miguel-rojas-gets-real-hbp-giants-positive-injury-update 
 ----- 
