Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
SF Giants lose first game against Dodgers in final series, 6-2
The SF Giants, behind bench coach Kai Correa, came up short against the LA Dodgers Friday night.
Natasha Welingkar | Sep 30, 2023
SF Giants lose first game against Dodgers in final series, 6-2 /
In this story:
San Francisco Giants

The SF Giants lost to the Los Angeles Dodgers 6-2 on Friday night, dashing their chances at a .500 season. The loss came hot on the heels of the Giants' big blockbuster move: the firing of Manager Gabe Kapler ahead of the season's end. With just two games left in the season, the Giants have a lot they will need to improve on this winter.

Despite the dark cloud overhead due to their managerial turmoil, the Giants also crowned their Thairo Estrada the 2023 Willie Mac Award winner. They also made a little history when bench coach Kai Correa, who was installed as the interim head coach for the final series, together with Dave Roberts. The duo became the first opposing managers of Asian descent in MLB history, and in the Big 4 professional sports leagues (MLB, NBA, NFL, and NHL).

The Giants gave up the lead in the first inning, when Keaton Winn, back from the COVID IL, gave up a single to first baseman Freddie Freeman, and then three pitches later a two-run home run to catcher Will Smith. Unwilling to go down with at least a small amount of fight, the Giants attempted to come back against mid-season pickup Lance Lynn.

San Francisco Giants interim manager Kai Correa returns to the dugout during the sixth inning of the game against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Oracle Park / © John Hefti-USA TODAY Sports

LaMonte Wade Jr. and Mike Yastrzemski both drew walks in the bottom of the first, and then Wilmer Flores hit a single to score Wade Jr., putting the Giants down 2-1. They stranded two runners on base, as has been a disturbing trend this season, only scoring the one run. 

In the top of the third, Winn gave up a solo home run to Freeman, who no matter the uniform he dons, has great success against the Giants. The Dodgers went up 3-1. But again, in the bottom of the third, Flores refused to let the team go down swinging. He hit a home run to left center to bring the Dodgers lead to 3-2, and owned the only two hits the Giants tallied all game to that point.

The game remained entirely uneventful until the top of the sixth, when Winn allowed a double to Freeman, and then hit Smith with a pitch. On the very next pitch, he allowed a three-run home run to J.D. Martinez to put the Dodgers up 6-2 and put a tie, let alone a win, completely out of reach for the hitting-dry Giants. Winn finished his evening at 75 pitches, with six earned runs off six hits, owing to a few big mistake pitches. Sean Hjelle came in to relieve him to end the sixth.

The Giants would not earn another hit all game, though they tallied six walks in total so they were not without base runners to attempt to score. In front of a crowd of mostly Dodgers fans, the Giants failed to bring home a win for the 82nd time this year. The series continues tomorrow at Oracle Park. The game begins at 6:05 PM Pacific.

Published Sep 30, 2023
NATASHA WELINGKAR

Natasha Welingkar (she/her) is a creative marketer, writer, and lifelong Bay Area sports fan. Born to Indian immigrants, she has been obsessed with baseball since infancy, picking up on the sport through her parents' love of the SF Giants and the soothing sounds of Jon Miller on the radio.Natasha received a Bachelor's degree from Cal with a major in cognitive science and minor in journalism. In college, she covered breaking news, national politics, and lifestyle for The Tab’s Berkeley offshoot. She also led the campus’ official creative agency, an organization responsible for campus-wide design education as well as graphic design, photography, and web design work for student organizations.

Follow thefriscobay

Home
/
San Francisco Giants News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/giants/news/sf-giants-lose-first-game-against-dodgers-in-final-series-6-2-wilmer-flores 
 ----- 
