MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Trayce Jackson-Davis, Draymond Green lead Warriors to second straight win against Pelicans
Updated Oct. 31, 2024 12:39 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Buddy Hield scored 21 points, Trayce Jackson-Davis had 15 points and nine rebounds, and the Golden State Warriors beat the New Orleans Pelicans for the second straight night, 104-89 on Wednesday.

Golden State, committed to a 12-man rotation, again received contributions from throughout its deep roster as Stephen Curry missed his second straight game with a left ankle injury. He is scheduled to be re-evaluated Friday. Andrew Wiggins also sat out consecutive nights because of low back tightness.

Draymond Green had 14 points and six assists. Jackson-Davis is shooting 22 for 27 (77.7%) over the first five games.

Jordan Hawkins had 23 points for the short-handed Pelicans, who were without guards CJ McCollum and Herb Jones. McCollum will have imaging done on his sore right adductor muscle and Jones also underwent imaging tests before being re-evaluated back home in New Orleans.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

A day after jumping to a 20-point lead early, New Orleans fell behind in a hurry, going 3 for 11 to begin the game.

Takeaways

Pelicans: Hawkins played despite earlier back spasms and finished 9 of 21 from the field with four 3-pointers.

Warriors: Golden State exercised the third-year contract option on second-year guard Brandin Podziemski, who again directed the offense with Curry sidelined and finished with 13 points, nine rebounds and eight assists. He went down hard when fouled in the closing minutes but kept playing.

Key moment
Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Round After Round
Fight through the playoffs with officially licensed NFL...
YETI|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

Golden State's first quarter. The Warriors had to play from behind most of Tuesday's contest, but started fast by making 12 of 23 shots (52.2%) to go ahead 28-20.

Key stat

Zion Williamson was held to 12 points on 5-for-20 shooting to go with 12 rebounds, a night after he went off for a season-high 31 points.

Up next

The Pelicans host Indiana on Friday to begin a four-game homestand, while Golden State hits the road for five games beginning Saturday at Houston. Their next home game Nov. 12 will mark the return of Klay Thompson with the Mavericks.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
Best landing spots for Phoenix Suns star Bradley Beal
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Draymond Green
Golden State Warriors
Trayce Jackson-Davis
New Orleans Pelicans
National Basketball Association
Andrew Wiggins
Buddy Hield
Herbert Jones
CJ McCollum
Stephen Curry
Draymond Green
Trayce Jackson-Davis
New Orleans Pelicans
Golden State Warriors
NBA - New Orleans Pelicans vs. Golden State Warriors - 10/31/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/trayce-jacksondavis-draymond-green-lead-warriors-to-second-straight-win-against-pelicans 
 ----- 
