MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Bulls hold on to beat Magic 102-99 after both teams struggle in 4th quarter
Updated Oct. 30, 2024 10:53 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

CHICAGO (AP) — Coby White scored 21 points, Josh Giddey added 20 and the Bulls beat the Magic 102-99 on Wednesday night.

Nikola Vucevic added 18 points and 14 rebounds in Chicago's second-straight win.

Paolo Banchero scored 31 points for Orlando two days after scoring 50 against the Pacers, but it wasn't enough. Jalen Suggs, who missed a fading jump shot in the final seconds, had 17.

The Bulls shot 3 for 15 in the fourth quarter but held on after Orlando shot 4 for 22 in the final quarter. Both teams combined for 28 points in the fourth.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

The Magic led by as many as 20 points in the first half, but Chicago came back with a 12-3 run late in the second quarter. Banchero had 20 in the first half to help the Magic take a 62-52 lead to intermission.

Takeaways

Magic: Forward Franz Wagner left the game early in the fourth quarter due to illness and never returned. It seemed to hamper Orlando near the basket at both ends of the floor.

Bulls: Chicago missed point guard Lonzo Ball as he recovers from a wrist injury. Most of the Bulls' 15 turnovers came on entry passes or at the top of the circle.

Key moment
7 Wealth Tips Once Your Portfolio Reaches $1M
How do retirees with $1 million portfolios take steps to preserve their wealth in retirement? Download “The Seven Secrets of High Net Worth Investors” to find...
Fisher Investments|Sponsored
Aaron Rodgers' decision looms large as Jets search for a new coach, GM
Aaron Rodgers' decision to return looms large this offseason as the Jets search for a new head coach and general manager.
Experience Oregon with Our Local Guides
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert...
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Return of the Back: Why the demise of the RB was greatly exaggerated
The 2024 season saw the renaissance of the running back, with the likes of Saquon Barkley and Derrick Henry proving the position's value.

The Bulls led 98-97 in the final minute before Giddey found Patrick Williams at the top of the key. The forward knocked down the 3-pointer to make it a two-possession game, securing the win for Chicago.

Key stat

The Bulls and Magic went over seven minutes without a made field goal in the fourth quarter. Ayo Dosunmu's 2-pointer broke the dry spell for Chicago.

Up next

The Magic continues its five-game trip at Cleveland on Friday, the same night the Bulls visit the Nets.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
Best landing spots for Phoenix Suns star Bradley Beal
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Orlando Magic
Chicago Bulls
National Basketball Association
Franz Wagner
Jalen Suggs
Nikola Vucevic
Josh Giddey
Coby White
Chicago Bulls
Orlando Magic
NBA - Orlando Magic vs. Chicago Bulls - 10/31/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/bulls-hold-on-to-beat-magic-10299-after-both-teams-struggle-in-4th-quarter 
 ----- 
