Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Boston Celtics
TEAM
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
NEWS
COMMUNITY
JR. CELTICS
ENTERTAINMENT
STORE
FANS
Charlotte Hornets No Match for Boston's 'Green Kornet'
Taylor Snow●@taylorcsnow
Sr. Writer
November 3, 202412:40 AM EDT

Charlotte’s swarm of Hornets wasn’t enough to stop Boston’s Green Kornet Saturday night.

The Celtics got a superhero effort out of Luke Kornet on the second night of a back-to-back in the Queen City, where he produced a first-of-its-kind stat line in franchise history while helping his team to a 113-103 win.

Kornet poured in 19 points, while tallying four rebounds, three assists, two blocks, and one steal, all in under 30 minutes in a starting role. 

The most impressive part is that he didn’t miss a single shot. 

Kornet was a perfect 6-for-6 from the field and a lucky 7-for-7 from the free-throw line, making him the first player in team history to attempt at least six field goals and seven free throws in a game without a miss.

All six of Kornet’s buckets came within the restricted area, including three Luke-Nuke dunks, two of which were alley-oops.

Kornet has seen increased involvement in the offense over the past few games and he’s been getting to the line far more frequently. He made six perfect trips to the charity stripe Wednesday night in Indiana and he’s now 14-of-15 from the free-throw line in the past three games after not attempting a single free throw in his first four.

It was also the second straight game in which he recorded exactly four rebounds, two blocks, and one steal.

However, Kornet’s impact went beyond the box score, as Joe Mazzulla pointed out after the game.

“He does a lot of stuff that goes unnoticed,” Boston’s head coach said. “One of the things that they don’t chart is block-outs so someone else gets the rebound; he does a great job of keeping his guy off the glass so someone else can get it.”

Kornet’s physicality against Charlotte’s switching defense allowed his teammates to get good looks at the basket. And if they couldn’t an open look, they could just dump it off to him inside for an easy opportunity at the rim.

Saturday night marked Kornet’s second straight start after coming off the bench for the first five games. The Celtics have won nine straight with him as their starting center and haven’t lost with him in the starting lineup since the 2020-21 regular-season finale.

One of the reasons why they’ve had such success with him as a starter is that he’s able to fill different types of voids. On Saturday, the void he filled was Jaylen Brown’s scoring. Brown was out with a left hip flexor strain, and although Kornet plays a different position, he still helped produce the points they were missing.

Having his 7-foot-2 presence in the lineup also helped the Celtics take advantage of Charlotte’s smaller rotation, missing a pair of 7-footers in Nick Richards and Mark Williams.

There wasn’t a single Hornet that could match up against the Green Kornet, and so Luke thrived in the hive.

Tags
Postgame
Regular Season
Sidebar
LUKE KORNET
TEAM
Roster
Coaching Staff
NBA Statistics
NBA Standings
Parquet Magazine
2023‑24 Yearbook
Partners
Careers
Contact Us
TICKETS
Individual Game Tickets
Suite Rentals
Rafters Memberships
Season Ticket Wait List
Suite Memberships
Premium Seating
Group Tickets
Mobile Ticketing Guide
Account Manager
Virtual Seating Map
SCHEDULE
2024‑25 Season Schedule
2024‑25 Specialty Nights
Add to Calendar
Printable Schedule
2023‑24 Season Results
2022‑23 Season Results
NEWS
Club Green Emails
Celtics Insiders Central
Banner 18 Oral History
Articles
Videos
Podcasts
Photos
Los Celtics
Post Ups Notebook
NEBH Injury Report
Game Notes
YouTube
Official Mobile App
COMMUNITY
Make A Donation
Request A Donation
50/50 Raffle
Heroes Among Us
STORE
MORE
Fan Insights Initiative
Club Green Emails
Text Alerts
Jr. Celtics
Entertainment
Celtics.com/Shop
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/celtics/news/sidebar-post-20241102-charlotte-hornets-no-match-for-bostons-green-kornet 
 ----- 
