SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS
GOALLESS DRAW SEES BOTH NAMIBIA AND MALI THROUGH TO AFCON'S KNOCKOUT STAGES
Goalless draw sees both Namibia and Mali through to AFCON's knockout stages
Rory Baird,
24.01.2024 19:00
Mali's Ibrahim Sissoko (C) fights for the ball with Namibia's Absalom Iimbondi
AFP
Namibia and Mali both progressed from Group E to the knockout stages of the African Cup of Nations (AFCON) finals, following their 0-0 draw at the Stade Laurent Pokou, marking a historic day in the Brave Warriors’ history as they progressed from the group stages for the first time.

The Brave Warriors came into the game looking to build on their first-ever AFCON finals win against Eric Chelle’s Mali side who came into the game unbeaten in their last 10 international matches.

And although Mali controlled possession in the opening stages, it was Namibia who threatened first. The chance came as Prins Tjiueza was played through on goal before trying to place a shot in the far bottom corner, but Djigui Diarra was on hand to tip it onto the post.

Mali did begin to grow into the game following that chance though, and forced a fantastic save from Lloyd Junior Kazapua midway through the half, after Nene Dorgeles beat a couple of defenders before firing towards the right side of the goal.

That seemed to give the Eagles some encouragement as they went close again soon after when Youssouf Niakate’s inch-perfect cross found Lassine Sinayoko in the box, but he could only send his header agonisingly wide of the left post.

Key match stats
Flashscore

The start of the second half was fairly scrappy, with both sides struggling to produce any clear-cut chances to trouble the opposition goalkeeper. The best chance of the half came with just under 20 minutes to play, when Kamory Doumbia broke past the defence before looking to square the ball to Ibrahim Sissoko, but the cross evaded the striker and the game remained goalless.

Mali began to threaten more in the final 10 minutes, with the best chance coming courtesy of an Amadou Dante freekick, as the defender tried his luck from distance and forced a save from Kazapua in the bottom-right corner.

However, Namibia managed to dig deep and claim a valuable draw to advance to the AFCON knockout stages for the first time. Meanwhile, Mali also advance claiming top spot after going unbeaten in the group (W1, D2).

Final Group E standings
Flashscore

Flashscore Man of the Match: Lloyd Junior Kazapua (Namibia)

See all the match stats here.

Share this report on Facebook.
MENTIONS
Football
African football
Africa Cup of Nations
Mali
Namibia
Related Articles
Algeria manager Belmadi steps down following AFCON elimination
24.01.2024 18:34
Africa Cup of Nations hosts Ivory Coast fire coach after embarrassing loss
24.01.2024 14:40
Chris Hughton fired as coach of Ghana following AFCON disaster
24.01.2024 08:24
Show more
Football
Ex-Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy agrees to take charge of Kenya’s Harambee Stars
24 min ago
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
1 h ago
Updated
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
1 h ago
Updated
Maguire admits getting used to 'total opposite' Amorim will be 'tough' for Man Utd
2 h ago
Flashscore Awards: Real Madrid & Manchester City deliver game of 2024 with six-goal thriller
2 h ago
Italy legend Fabio Cannavaro confirmed as new head coach of Dinamo Zagreb
14 h ago
Liverpool's new Dutch hero Arne Slot rounds off near-faultless year
14 h ago
Roma claim rare point on the road after Paulo Dybala strike pegs back AC Milan
14 h ago
Thiago Motta frustrated at wasteful Juventus after yet another draw against Fiorentina
14 h ago
Liverpool put five past West Ham to extend lead at summit of Premier League
16 h ago
Most Read
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
EXCLUSIVE: Why Taiwo Atieno fears Kenya won't produce another Wanyama in the near future
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
Valencia - Real Madrid
Fiorentina - Napoli
Barbastro - Barcelona
FOOTBALL SCORES
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Tottenham - Liverpool
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
Baskonia - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Anadolu Efes
Panathinaikos - Virtus Bologna
Paris - Barcelona
Partizan - Maccabi Tel Aviv
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-africa-cup-of-nations-goalless-draw-sees-both-namibia-and-mali-through-to-afcon-s-knockout-stages/fmv5FsH6/ 
 ----- 
