SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
CAN 2024
CAN 2024
AFCON: When, How to Watch Namibia Vs Mali

Mali is expected to win this meeting by 53.4%, Opta Analyst predicted.

Abdellah ErrajiJan. 24, 2024 9:38 a.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Namibia Vs Mali

Rabat - On the final matchday of the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON), the Malian Eagles will go head-to-head with the Namibian Brave Warriors at the San Pedro Stadium in Cote d’Ivoire.

The game will be played at 6 p.m. Moroccan Time and streamed on beIN Sports 2 AFCON and beIN Sports Connect.Moroccan cuisine

In their opening match against Tunisia, Namibia secured three points by a 1-0 win. However, to the Namibian fans’ dismay, the team suffered a bitter defeat to South Africa by 0-4.

Ranked third in Group E, Namibia will try to avoid a second defeat which may disqualify it from the competition.

Mali, who once was the runner-up in the 1972 AFCON edition, harnessed its four points from a win over South Africa 2-0 and a draw against Tunisia 1-1.

According to the sports prediction platform, Opta Analyst, “Mali have a 53.4% chance of victory in this game, compared to 23.6% for Namibia.”

The source added that the last time when the two teams played each other was during AFCON qualifiers in 2020 when Mali won 2-1.

Read also: AFCON: Morocco Officially Qualifies for Round of 16

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.Moroccan cuisine

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
CAF: ‘Morocco is Set to Raise the Bar for African Football’
Morocco U20 Nears AFCON Qualification After 1-1 Draw with Algeria
When, How to Watch Senegal vs Burundi AFCON Qualifier
Kenya vs Namibia: Preview, Predictions for Dead Rubber Face Off
Cameroon vs Zimbabwe: Preview, Prediction for Top Spot Battle
Egypt v Botswana: Match Preview, Predictions for Final AFCON Qualifier
When, How to Watch Central African Republic vs Gabon AFCON Qualifier
Morocco to Host Women’s AFCON Draw on November 22
Recent
Popular
Comments
Algeria President Calls Detained Author Boualem Sansal ‘Imposter’ In Controversial Remarks

Palestinians In Gaza Are Dying Of Extreme Cold, Death Toll Reached 7

Shark Attack Kills Italian Tourist In Egypt’s Red Sea

Netanyahu Recovering From Surgery Amid Israel’s Genocide In Gaza

Ziyech Reportedly Demands Full Release Clause After Contract Termination By Galastaaray

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco’s Futsal Team Secures Semi-Final Spot In 2024 AFCON

Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy In Morocco

Regragui-Mbemba Clash: Bounou Says DR Congo Captain Was Provocative, Disrespectful

Walid Regragui’s Post-CAN Exit Media Appearance Disappoints Fans

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360328/afcon-when-how-to-watch-namibia-vs-mali 
 ----- 
