Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
BREAKING
A plane crashes and bursts into flames while landing in South Korea, killing 179
GTA
Will my rent go up after Toronto’s property tax hikes? Not necessarily, experts say — here’s why

Even if your rent does increase, it might not be by a lot, tenant advocates tell the Star — here’s how you might be impacted.

Updated Jan. 24, 2024 at 3:03 p.m.
Jan. 19, 2024
3 min read
Save

File photo of Toronto tenants on rent strike downtown. The city’s property tax hikes leave tenants vulnerable to above-guideline rent increases — but many landlords opt not to pursue this, experts say.

Nick Lachance
By Kevin JiangStaff Reporter

While homeowners were at the forefront of headlines on Toronto’s proposed property tax hike, many renters are also worried about how the costs could affect their rent.

The 10.5 per cent rate increase suggested in the 2024 budget proposal is the largest since the city’s amalgamation two decades ago.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Kevin Jiang is a Toronto-based staff reporter for the Star’s Express Desk. Follow him on X: @crudelykevin.

Related Stories
There's a big property tax hike on tap. Toronto's water department shows how it can pay off
'Outrageous': Privately, Justin Trudeau's Toronto MPs are furious at Olivia Chow over her property tax gambit
'Day of reckoning': big tax hike would correct Toronto's revenue gap, experts say
 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
UNITED STATES
Trailblazing Canadian model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
2 days ago
GTA
‘This is just so heartbreaking’: Danforth community mourns well-known homeless woman who died over frigid weekend
9 hrs ago
BLUE JAYS
OPINION
Gregor Chisholm: The Blue Jays are back to the bad old days of scaring off top free agents. But for a different reason
17 hrs ago
HOME AND GARDEN
Two creative souls gutted their dark Roncesvalles home down to the studs. The result is a stunning shared vision
18 hrs ago
BUSINESS
Donald Trump appears to side with Elon Musk and tech allies in debate over foreign workers, roiling his supporters
10 hrs ago
GTA
Environment Canada issues rainfall warning for Toronto and surrounding areas
12 hrs ago
FOOD AND DRINK
Chef Craig Wong’s favourite places to eat and drink in Toronto — starting with the perfect breakfast
11 hrs ago
DEVELOPING
A plane crashes and bursts into flames while landing in South Korea, killing 179
37 mins ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More News
DEVELOPING
Toronto, southern Ontario under ‘significant’ rainfall warning, fog to also cause ‘near zero’ visibility
Article was updated 44 mins ago
Comments
GTA
99.5 per cent didn’t get teen into the University of Waterloo but it got him to where he was meant to be
2 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
I went digging in Toronto’s vinyl shops. I found more than music
Article was updated 1 hr ago
Comments
HIGHWAY CLOSURES
Toronto highway closures for planned roadwork on Dec. 29
4 hrs ago
GTA
Toronto’s Dec. 29 forecast: Rain
4 hrs ago
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/news/gta/will-my-rent-go-up-after-torontos-property-tax-hikes-not-necessarily-experts-say-heres/article_2d00b1f6-b539-11ee-96a4-ab82a3f8fb12.html 
 ----- 
