By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Accept
Aa
AFRICAN CUP OF NATIONS
Namibian players will each receive US$7,881 reward for beating Tunisia- NFA
The Namibian Football Association (NFA) says it will reward to each of their players for recording their first ever AFCON win.
Julius Malulu
Published January 19, 2024
Share
2 Min Read
Namibia Team Picture during the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations Finals match between Tunisia and Namibia at Amadou Gon Coulibaly Stadium in Korhogo on 16 January 2024 ©Weam Mostafa/BackpagePix

Namibian Football Association (NFA) president Robert Shimooshili and PST Bet CEO Steve Hamunyela have pledged N$150,000 (around US$7,881) each towards the Brave Warriors.

The pledge comes after the team’s historic 1-0 victory over Tunisia on Tuesday evening. It was their first-ever win in the tournament.

The Brave Warriors, who are making their third appearance in the tournament, stunned Tunisia and are now on the verge of progressing to the knockout stage.

The NFA president said the pledge is meant to motivate the boys in their next fixtures. 

“You left your families back home and while on this mission, put everything aside to focus on your assignment and make us proud. The Namibian nation is grateful for the history made.

“We believe in your potential. This contribution is not just financial support; it’s a vote of confidence in the resilience and determination displayed by the Brave Warriors. You have brought honour and pride to the nation,” he said.

Sponsored Ad

Namibia and Mali, who defeated South Africa 2-0, are tied on three points in Group E. Bafana Bafana and Tunisia have zero points.

READ MORE: Black Stars’ clumsy defence against Egypt disappoints Kudus

A win for the Brave Warriors will secure their qualification for the knockout round.

Namibia will face South Africa on Sunday in Korhago. They will conclude their group-stage matches with Mali in San Pedro on January 24, 2024. 

Sponsored Ad
You Might Also Like
 Mweene sends message to Ronwen Williams after CAF Awards
 Patrice Beaumelle reacts to Zambia’s back-to-back AFCON qualification
 “Our preparation was not good”- Grant reminds FAZ about last AFCON
 Dismissed Patrick Mabedi Sues FAM, Demands K157 Million As Compensation
 SAFA Responds To Match-Fixing Claims Between South Africa And South Sudan
Sign Up For Promotions!
Subscribe with your cellphone number and get access to exclusive content, launches, promotions and partner giveaways!
By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge the data practices in our Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Share this Article
Facebook
Posted by Julius Malulu
Follow:
Julius Malulu is a Bolanews sports journalist and football analyst from Zambia. He previously worked for United Voice and Radio Christian Voice as a sports reporter. He specializes in writing exclusive pieces and conducting interviews. He has appeared as an analyst on Znbc TV's Talking Football show, the radio Christian Voice Back Page, Camnet TV, and the Everything Bola Podcast.
PREVIOUS ARTICLE
Black Stars’ clumsy defence against Egypt disappoint Kudus
NEXT ARTICLE
Why Tanzania sacked their coach after CAF ban ahead of clash with Zambia
Follow Us
58.3k
Followers
Like
4.5k
Followers
Follow
1.3k
Followers
Follow
Youtube
Subscribe
Latest News
EXCLUSIVE: Napsa Stars close to signing Godfrey Binga from Kabwe Warriors
Zambian Super League
December 30, 2024
Pep Guardiola reacts to 500th game with City after win over Leicester City
English Premier League
December 30, 2024
Zambian players abroad weekend wrap| Chipyoka nets for Petah Tikva
Chipolopolo
December 30, 2024
“Good Addition” – Florence On Pauline, Comfort Joining Zanaco Ladies
Women's Football
December 29, 2024
//
Bolanews is your best bet when it comes to soccer news. Get previews, results and predictions from the experts here.
Sign Up For Promotions!

Subscribe with your cellphone number and get access to exclusive content, launches, promotions and partner giveaways!

Follow US

© 2022 Bolanews.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://bolanews.co/soccer/afcon/namibian-players-will-each-receive-us7881-reward-for-beating-tunisia-nfa/ 
 ----- 
