Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
LIVE
Palisades fire burns nearly 24K acres as firefighters clash with inferno near celeb-filled enclave; total death toll rises to 16
MLB
Yankee Stadium nearly flooded before Saturday’s Brewers game: ‘Yankee River’
By Miles Schachner
Published Sep. 10, 2023, 1:27 p.m. ET
8

Yankee Stadium more closely resembled a body of water than a baseball stadium Saturday.

Prior to the Yankees’ weekend game against the Brewers, storms in the New York City area caused serious flooding issues throughout the stadium.

The inclement weather led to an eventual 2 1/2-hour delay of the game.

Fans shared a series of wild pictures and videos that depicted the stadium overwhelmed by water.

“I’ve never seen the OF here at the Stadium under this much water. Yankee River,” team play-by-play commentator Michael Kay wrote on X.

Remarkably, the grounds crew managed to shield the field from rain and the Yankees were eventually able to play the Brewers following the delay.

Perhaps the Bombers would have rather the tarp stayed on the field, however, as Milwaukee trounced the Yankees for the second straight day, winning 9-2 behind a strong bullpen day and 11 hits.

“It’s tough,” Aaron Judge said after the game. “We kinda got on a roll there and just hit a little slide here, but that’s baseball.

“Gotta show up the next day.”

The Yankees are 70-72 and nearly mathematically eliminated from contention in the AL East.

Even more, the Bombers are in danger of missing the playoffs for the first time since 2016, a possibility that only seems more likely as the losses continue to pile up.

A view of Yankee Stadium during the rain delay.
Getty Images
8

What do you think? Post a comment.

Saturday also marked the Yankees’ annual Old Timers’ Day, and the team celebrated its legendary 1998 team, which won 114 games and the World Series trophy in a historic year.

Yankees legend Derek Jeter also returned for his first-ever Old Timers’ Day, and he was serenaded by the Yankees’ old public service announcer, Bob Sheppard, as the Yankees used a recording of Sheppard’s voice to introduce the shortstop.

FILED UNDER NEW YORK YANKEES  OLD TIMERS' DAY  YANKEE STADIUM  9/10/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/10/yankee-stadium-nearly-flooded-before-brewers-game-in-wild-scene/ 
 ----- 
