Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
New York Jets
Aaron Rodgers' astrological tattoo: The meaning behind the artwork

Rodgers explains his tattoo meaning

New York Jets star quarterback, Aaron Rodgers.LAPRESSE
LW
09/09/2023 - 20:31 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. New York Jets fans left furious by TV blackout which could see them miss Aaron Rodgers' debut
NFL. Paige Spiranac shows love for Aaron Rodgers with her NFL, Super Bowl picks

Aaron Rodgers, the quarterback for the New York Jets, has a unique relationship with Brooklyn-based tattoo artist Balazs Bercsényi. While Bercsényi is known for his work with A-list clients like Orlando Bloom and Winnie Harlow, it was his intricate astrological tattoo on Rodgers' left forearm that caught the attention of the sports world.

Rodgers took to Instagram to show off his new ink in July 2022 and expressed his gratitude towards Bercsényi, saying: "There's a deep and meaningful story and connection to absolutely each element of this art piece, and I'll share a little more about that one day." The tattoo features three astrological signs: Aquarius and Sagittarius, in tribute to his godsons, and Scorpio on the far left.

Bercsényi's work is "heavily influenced by ancestral practices and ritual, spirituality, sacred geometry, the occult, and sculpture," according to his website. He specializes in "single needle and fine line black and grey talisman tattoos." However, it wasn't that long ago that Bercsényi was washing dishes in a London restaurant before being discovered by another tattoo artist who saw his intricate designs and encouraged him to pursue tattooing.

Bercsényi took his chance to work in New York City when he answered an ad to work at the legendary Bang Bang tattoo shop on the Lower East Side. He honed his craft there before going solo and settling in Williamsburg. Like Rodgers, Bercsényi quickly embraced his adopted home.

Rodgers and Bercsényi have a long friendship

"New York City is much bigger, more expensive, way faster, and far more diverse than Budapest," Bercsényi said. "Budapest is a beautiful, historic city with older architecture and style. It's a little more laid back I'd say. There's no other city like NYC."

MORE in MARCA
A photo sparks...
Marca
Ben Affl eck re...
Marca

Rodgers has spoken highly of Bercsényi's work and their friendship. "I love the artist. I'd known him for a while and it was just divine timing," Rodgers said. "I took it very seriously because that thing is on there forever."

In the end, Rodgers' tattoo represents more than just a decorative piece of body art. It's a symbol of his connection to his godsons and a tribute to the deep and meaningful story behind each element of the design. And for Rodgers, there's no one better than Bercsényi to bring that story to life.

NFL - English
New York Jets - English
Aaron Rodgers - English
New York JetsAaron Rodgers UFO revelation: "I saw a tremendously large object moving through the sky"
New York JetsPaige Spiranac shows love for Aaron Rodgers with her NFL, Super Bowl picks
New York JetsJets legend Joe Klecko reverses stance on Aaron Rodgers, now believes he can lead them to Super Bowl
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Taylor Swift make s trade for Travis...
Marca
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/new-york-jets/2023/09/10/64fd1c63268e3e786e8b456f.html 
 ----- 
