INDIA TODAY
AAJ TAK
GNTTV
LALLANTOP
BUSINESS TODAY
BANGLA
MALAYALAM
NORTHEAST
BT BAZAAR
HARPER'S BAZAAR
SPORTS TAK
CRIME TAK
ASTRO TAK
GAMING
BRIDES TODAY
COSMOPOLITAN
KISAN TAK
ISHQ FM
INDIA TODAY HINDI
READER’S DIGEST
AAJ TAK CAMPUS
Magazine
Live TV
Search
SIGN IN
Edition
IN
Home
TV
Live TV
Primetime
Elections
Delhi
Maharashtra
Jharkhand
Magazine
Latest Edition
Insight
Best Colleges
Life+Style
India
South
Global
Business
All Sports
Sports Today
Cricket
Football
Tennis
Technology
Entertainment
Showbuzz
Bollywood
Hollywood
OTT
Latest Reviews
Newspresso
Specials
Podcasts
First Things Fast
Sunday Special
History of It
NewsMo
DIU
Interactives
Opinion
Games
Videos
Short Videos
Fact Check
Other News
Education
It's Viral
Science
Health
Auto
Law Today
Environment
Cities
Weather
Web Stories
Horoscopes
DOWNLOAD APP
Follow Us On:
NewsSportsCricketAustralia win 6th ODI World Cup as India's invincible run comes to an end in final
SPORTS
All
Cricket
IPL auction
Match-Centre
BGT Tests
Football
Tennis
Formula One
Other Sports
Videos
Venues
India vs Australia, World Cup 2023: Australia win 6th ODI World Cup as Travis Head hundred ends India's invincible run
India vs Australia, World Cup 2023: Australia defeated India by six wickets to win their sixth ODI World Cup at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad on Sunday. India were red-hot favourites to win the tournament after 10 successive victories but Australia were the much better side in the final thanks mainly to a Travis Head hundred.

Listen to Story

Share
ADVERTISEMENT
Australia won the World Cup trophy for the 6th time in history (Reuters Photo)
Rajarshi Gupta
Ahmedabad,UPDATED: Nov 19, 2023 22:48 IST
In Short
Australia defeated India by 6 wickets to win their 6th ODI World Cup
Travis Head hit 137 as Australia chased down 241 in the final against India
India had won 10 successive matches before losing the 2023 World Cup final

Australia defeated India in a one-sided final at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad on Sunday to win the ODI World Cup for the sixth time. India, who were looking for their third world title in one-day internationals, were far from their best in a tournament which they had dominated by topping the group stage with 9 wins from 9 matches and then defeating New Zealand in a high-scoring semifinal at Mumbai's Wankhede Stadium.

ADVERTISEMENT

WORLD CUP 2023 FINAL: Scorecard | Highlights

Australia had won their first World Cup in 1987 and then followed it up with three successive titles in 1999, 2003 and 2007. After losing the quarterfinal in 2011 to eventual champions India, Australia bounced back to win the World Cup at home in 2015.

In 2023, Australia lost their first two matches to India and South Africa but since then won 9 successive matches to complete one of their most memorable World Cup campaigns.

Australia had defeated India in the final of the 2003 ODI World Cup. Indian fans were eyeing a revenge for that defeat 20 years ago but it wasn't to happen. India's batters, who were in stunning form, failed to put up a fight after Australia captain Pat Cummins won the toss and chose to bowl. Rohit Sharma smashed a rapid 47 while Shubman Gill, Shreyas Iyer and Suryakumar Yadav failed to have any kind of impact. KL Rahul hit only one four in a 107-ball 66 while Virat Kohli, who scored 54, took his foot off the accelerator in a strange partnership with Rahul.

In contrast, Australia's batters were ultra-aggressive. Travis Head's hundred was the highlight of a clinical Australian chase and he was well supported by Marnus Labuschagne, who hit a solid half-century. Australia had slipped to 47 for 3 but the pair of Head and Labuschagne ensured there were no hiccups.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by ICC (@icc)

Australia made a sensational start to their chase, taking 15 runs off the first over from Jasprit Bumrah. Mohammed Shami bowled the second over instead of the regular Mohammed Siraj and though he picked the key wicket of David Warner, Australia raced away to 28 for 1 at the end of two overs.

Jasprit Bumrah struck twice off successive overs to remove Mitchell Marsh and Steve Smith, raising Indian hopes, Smith was rapped on the pads and while he wanted to review the LBW decision, the Australian No.4 walked off. Replays suggested the impact was outside off-stump and Smith would have been left to rue his decision to not use the DRS.

Marnus Labuschagne was the perfect man to play second fiddle to an aggressive Travis Head, the same man who hit 163 for Australia in the final of the World Test Championship against India earlier in the year.

ADVERTISEMENT

Travis Head was superb throughout the 2023 World Cup. He missed the first few matches due to an injury but started off with a hundred in his first match of the tournament. In the semifinal against South Africa, Head hammered a rapid half-century; Australia fumbled a little in a low chase but managed to reach home, thanks in no small measure to the Australian opener's brave start.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by ICC (@icc)

On Sunday, while Marnus Labuschagne took his time and dug in, Travis Head continued to attack and bring Australia on the cusp of victory. Head became the 7th batter to score a hundred in a World Cup final and the third opener to hit a fifty and a hundred in the semfinal and final of a men's ODI World Cup.

India's body language on the field was poor. The fielding was shoddy, nowhere near the high standards they had set in the World Cup. Jasprit Bumrah and Mohammed Shami did pick early wickets but they also conceded far too many runs with the new ball. Ravindra Jadeja and Kuldeep Yadav never got the turn they would have expected and Mohammed Siraj, who was the last bowler to be introduced in the attack, proved to be ineffective.

ADVERTISEMENT

Pat Cummins's decision to bowl first after winning the toss raised a few eyebrows. The Australians almost messed up their chase against South Africa in the semifinal at the Eden Gardens and for those who remember the 2003 World Cup final, they would tell you all about Sourav Ganguly's costly mistake of bowling first after winning the toss.

TIMID APPROACH WITH THE BAT?

And when Rohit Sharma started the way he has done all through the tournament, perhaps Pat Cummins started doubting his decision to bowl on a slow pitch. Rohit was aggressive against Mitchell Starc and Josh Hazlewood, the two bowlers who destroyed the South African top-order in Kolkata just a few days ago. The noise was deafening and it seemed like Australia would crumble under the pressure and the onslaught of runs from Rohit Sharma's bat.

Shubman Gill needed to stay put at the crease as the India captain went about stirring up a storm. That has been his role in the World Cup but the young opener played a poor shot; the ball balooned to Adam Zampa at mid-on because Gill's weak pull lacked any kind of direction. However, at 30 for 1 in the 5th over and with Virat Kohli joining Rohit Sharma at the crease, the Ahmedabad crowd found its voice again.

ADVERTISEMENT

Indian fans were in for a treat as Virat Kohli matched Rohit Sharma shot-for-shot in a brisk partnership which threatned to push Australia on the back-foot. Rohit Sharma has been breathtaking to watch and his strike-rate has been the envy of the cricket world. On Sunday, in a big final, Virat Kohli also came out all guns blazing. His role has that has been of an anchor after Rohit's fireworks. But for a brief time, both of India's batting pillars made Australia's highly-skilled pace attack look ordinary.

The highlight of that early partnership had to be those three boundaries Virat Kohli carved out from a Mitchell Starc over. The Australians felt the heat at this moment. And then, things started to change.

Rohit Sharma hit Glenn Maxwell for a six and a four and then wanted to go for more. However, the India captain mistimed one of his staple shots after coming down the pitch only to be sensationally caught by Travis Head, who ran back from cover and then completed one of the greatest World Cup catches with a sublimely timed dive.

ADVERTISEMENT

Shreyas Iyer got off the mark with a boundary but he edged a back-of-a-length delivery from Pat Cummins who could not believe his luck with the wicket.

And then started one of the most bizarre batting partnerhips in any World Cup match. Virat Kohli was scoring at more than a run-a-ball when KL Rahul walked in to bat at the 11th over. For the next 19 overs, the 4th wicket partnership between the two produced a mere 67 runs without a single boundary. Rahul never switched to second gear and the pressure kept growing for Kohli, who finished the World Cup with a record-shattering 765 runs.

Until the 10th over of the Indian innings, the hosts hit 9 boundaries and 3 sixes. After the end of the 10th over till the end of the innings, India's batters managed to hit only four more fours in one of the most timid batting approaches in recent memory.

The pitch was slow but it was by no means a bad cricket surface. India's efforts on Sunday brought back memories of a similar exhibition against England in the semifinal of the T20 World Cup in 2022.

In fact, Sunil Gavaskar questioned the need for Rohit Sharma to play a rash shot at a time when he should have consilidated on a good start. However, questions also should be asked of Shubman Gill, Shreyas Iyer and Suryakumar Yadav.

In the XI only because of an unfortunate injury to Hardik Pandya, Suryakumar failed to play his part. Several former cricketers felt he would be the X-factor but he startlingly avoided taking strike even with the tail-enders at the other end. Yadav managed a poor 18 off 28 balls as India finished with 240, a score so far below par that Australia never even looked bothered despite losing three quick wickets.

India would be disappointed with their performance in the final but they should be proud of what they achieved in the run-up to the title clash. They won 10 successive matches and two of their batters finished on top of the charts for the leading runs-scorers. Virat Kohli finished with 765 runs from 11 matches while Rohit Sharma was second with 597 runs.

Mohammed Shami, who did not play the first few matches against Australia, Afghanistan, Pakitan and Bangladesh, finished as the leading wicket-taker in the 2023 World Cup. Jasprit Bumrah also finished with 20 wickets.

Published By:
Akshay Ramesh
Published On:
Nov 19, 2023
Also Read | Virat Kohli-Rohit Sharma only 3rd pair to finish 1-2 on batting charts in ODI World Cup history
MUST WATCH
Watch Live TV
Follow Us On:
TRENDING TOPICS
Atishi
HMPV Virus
Stock Market Today
Stocks To Watch Today
Delhi Air Pollution
Justin Trudeau
Delhi Election Date
Earthquake Today
Budget 2025
LATEST
Delhi Election Dates
Horoscope Today
DOWNLOAD APP
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ARCHIVES
Copyright © 2025 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatoday.in/sports/cricket/story/india-vs-australia-final-score-travis-head-6th-title-ahmedabad-rohit-sharma-2464998-2023-11-19 
 ----- 
