www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 09 11 → Article 1950130
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Wednesday, 11 September 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

He's only interested in big grammar and verbal attacks - Songo barks at Otto Addo after Niger, Angola results

« Prev

Next »

Comments (9)

Listen to Article

Share:

Patrick Osei Agyemang, alias Countryman Songo

The host of Fire for Fire, Patrick Osei Agyemang, alias Countryman Songo, believes that the poor results recorded by the Black Stars in their last two matches validate his long-held view that Otto Addo is not the right fit for the Black Stars.

Countryman Songo has been an avowed critic of Otto Addo, with his description of him as a ‘trainer scout’ not new to followers of his show on Adom TV.

With Ghana suffering a defeat and a draw against Niger in the opening two games of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers, Songo believes that he has been vindicated.

Reacting to the Black Stars’ draw against Niger on Monday, September 9, 2024, Songo noted that Otto Addo lacks the tools to manage the team.

Rehashing his ‘trainer scout’ description, Songo opined that the Black Stars coach is only interested in issuing vituperations.

Countryman Songo also demanded the immediate resignation of all the persons involved in the recruitment of Otto Addo.

“All the persons who were involved in the selection of Otto Addo must go. They told us they needed someone with 15 years of experience, but they went for a trainer scout. They went for someone who is using the Black Stars to master coaching. It is a big financial loss to the state.

“The committee members must be dealt with. Otto Addo is not the only person who should be sacked. The only thing Otto Addo knows is speaking big English and snubbing people. He pretends like he is a great coach who should not be criticized. He blamed the pitch at Baba Yara for the defeat but drew with Niger on a good pitch,” he said.

After a shocking home defeat to Angola on September 5, the Black Stars drew 1-1 with Niger in Morocco on Monday, September 9, 2024.

Group E of the qualifying series now has Angola in 1st place with 6 points, followed by Sudan in 2nd with 3 points, while Ghana and Niger share the 3rd and 4th places with 1 point each.

EK

Related Articles:
Kwasi Appiah reveals what Otto Addo told him after Ghana vs Sudan match
Video of Sarkodie in conversation with John Paintsil and Fatau Dauda trends on social media
What ex-President John Kufuor told Nii Lante Vanderpuye about Ministry of Youth and Sports job
Watch how Charles Taylor lost his phone on live TV after losing a bet
Blame Otto Addo for Ghana's AFCON fiasco not GFA or the players - George Alhassan
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has 9 comment(s), give your comment
What did he do for you to visit him? – Badu Kobi blasts Sammy Gyamfi,...
Watch Fameye's heated exchange with DJ and event organisers on...
Pest Control | Search Ads
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Unlike the NPP, we will uphold integr ity, probity, and accountability – Ato...
Stabilising the Market: A collaborativ e approach to post-election price...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
上路必備第三人責任險 首選新安
新安東京海上產險
|
Sponsored
立即選購
找到命定床墊！『德泰彈簧床』重返最合拍的睡眠狀態～
德泰彈簧床
|
Sponsored
立即試用
2024 Remodel Secrets: Trends That'll Amaze You!
Home Remodel | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
汽車任意險享18%OFF
新安東京海上產險
|
Sponsored
立即選購
安達人壽安心抗癌 定期癌症險
安達人壽
|
Sponsored
了解更多
News
‘God will take care of me’ – Koku Anyidoho ‘rejects’ Mahama appointment
Business
GTA CEO calls for stronger border security amid Ghana’s visa-free policy
Entertainment
Osei Kwame Despite paid for my six-bedroom East Legon house warming party – Kwaku Manu reveals
Africa
Nigeria denies colluding with France to destabilise Niger
Opinions
Advocating for Institutional Reset: A vision for Ghana's future
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/He-s-only-interested-in-big-grammar-and-verbal-attacks-Songo-barks-at-Otto-Addo-after-Niger-Angola-results-1950130 
 ----- 
