Listen to great music on ZED 101.9FM

Listen Now
Breaking News

Legacy Rise Sports makes history with ‘Ultimate Legacy’ night

Menu
Search for
 Home/Sports/Jerome Opoku withdraws from Ghana squad for Niger clash
Jerome Opoku withdraws from Ghana squad for Niger clash
Lukman MUMINSeptember 9, 20240 23 1 minute read
Facebook
 
X
 
Print
 FC Porto's Canadian midfielder Stephen Eustaquio (L) and FC Porto's Iranian forward Mehdi Taremi celebrate Arouca's English defender Jerome Opoku's (R) owngoal during the Portuguese League football match between FC Porto and FC Arouca at the Dragao stadium in Porto on December 28, 2022. (Photo by MIGUEL RIOPA / AFP) (Photo by MIGUEL RIOPA/AFP via Getty Images)

By Lukman MUMIN, Accra

Turkey-based Ghana defender Jerome Opoku has been excused from the Black Stars camp after it was confirmed that he aggravated his injury from training on the Baba Yara pitch.

Opoku will fly to Istanbul for further assessments as he begins his recovery from the setback while in the national team camp.

The Istanbul Basaksehir centre-back, who did not feature in the game against Angola in Kumasi, will now miss the match against Niger in Morocco. He becomes the second player to withdraw from the game in
Morocco after Joseph Paintsil failed to travel with the team due to passport issues.

“The player reported to the medical team a deep seated pain within his left gluteal muscles and further examination confirmed that the pain got aggravated by the poor pitch on which he trained in Kumasi,” stated the FA.

Meanwhile, the team arrived in Morocco in the early hours of Saturday morning and will train later in the day as they prepare for Niger.

The Black Stars will be hoping to recover from the defeat to Angola when they engage Niger at the Stade Municipal Berkane.

 Share
Facebook
 
X
 
Print
SSNIT Remains Solid
11 GIS Officers complete course
Related Articles
Legacy Rise Sports makes history with ‘Ultimate Legacy’ night
3 hours ago
Black Galaxies coach Didi Dramani rallies for support ahead of Nigeria clash
1 week ago
Alidu Seidu undergoes surgery after ACL injury
1 week ago
Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Most Viewed Posts
October 6, 2023
Ghanaian wins prestigious Africa Continental Best Teacher Award
February 13, 2023
Govt distributes over 40,000 furniture to schools
April 8, 2024
Zedmultimedia staff complete fire safety training
Useful Links
News
Business
Politics
Lifestyle
Sports
Entertainment
Technology
Contact Information
Our Address:

East Legon, 6 Anyetey St.

For any enquiries contact our official email address: info@zedmultimedia.com

Zed Multimedia offers comprehensive media experience including TV, Radio, Newspaper, Online platforms, and a Tech Hub.
Enter your Email address
© Copyright 2024, All Rights Reserved. ZED Multimedia   
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
TikTok
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://zedmultimedia.com/2024/09/09/jerome-opoku-withdraws-from-ghana-squad-for-niger-clash/ 
 ----- 
