Thoughts From the Mountain Top
OPINIONS, IDEAS, THOUGHTS, & REVIEWS
SUNDAY, JANUARY 12TH, 2025|
SEARCH FOR...

MENU
Categories
And Now for Something Completely Different
Book Reviews
Baseball books
Doctor Who Books
Harry Turtledove
Janet Evanovich
Jodi Picoult
Julia Quinn
Kristin Hannah
Laura Ingalls Wilder
Michael Connelly
Nancy Drew Mysteries
Nelson DeMille
Paul Doiron
Star Trek Books
Star Wars books
Stephen King
Tim Dorsey
Camping
Diamond Painting
Doctor Who Universe
Documentaries
Geocaching
Marvel Universe
Miscellaneous
Movie Reviews
baseball movies
Christmas Movies
James Bond films
LGBTQ films
Movie versus Book
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
Music
Opinion
Personal Stories
Product Reviews
Recipes & Cooking
Recreation
Star Trek Universe
Star Wars Universe
Television Reviews
2000 Years of Christianity
21 Jump Street
Agent Carter
All Creatures Great And Small (Original Series)
American Experience Documentaries
Babylon 5
Season Four – B5
Season One – B5
Season Three – B5
Season Two – B5
Battlestar Galactica
Doctor Who
Emergency
Ghost Hunters and other Paranormal
Horatio Hornblower
Ken Burns Documentaries
Music Video Collections
Outlander
Peanuts Specials
Quantum Leap
Sharpe Series
Star Trek: The Next Generation
Season Five – TNG
Season Four – TNG
Season One – TNG
Season Seven – TNG
Season Six – TNG
Season Three – TNG
Season Two – TNG
Star Trek: The Original Series
Season One – TOS
Season Three – TOS
Season Two – TOS
Star Trek:Deep Space Nine
Season Five – DS9
Season Four – DS9
Season One – DS9
Season Seven – DS9
Season Six – DS9
Season Three – DS9
Season Two – DS9
The Stand
The X-Files
Twilight Zone
Walt Disney Treasures
wiseguy
Travel
Disney World
Favorite Photos
Restaurants
Uncategorized
TELEVISION REVIEWS
Nine Innings From Ground Zero – Baseball Helps a City Heal
BY PATTI ALIVENTI ON SEPTEMBER 11, 2023 • ( LEAVE A COMMENT )

The New York Yankees are a baseball team that evokes strong emotions from both their fans and fans of the opposing teams. Often billed as the most hated team in baseball, the nation’s attitude toward the boys from the Bronx seemed to soften a bit in the weeks following 9/11. Once baseball resumed and the team edged closer and closer to the post-season, many people found themselves rooting for a team they never would have just a few weeks before.

Produced by HBO, Nine Innings from Ground Zero details how the game of baseball helped a city and a nation move on after those terrible events. It sets the Arizona Diamondbacks defeating the New York Yankees in the World Series against the backdrop of what was happening in New York City at the former site of the World Trade Center at the same time.

The events of 9/11 are shown although not dwelt upon. Instead, Nine Innings from Ground Zero focuses more on how the New York baseball teams paused for a while to do what they could. It shows the staging area for relief supplies at Shea Stadium and members of the NY Mets pitching in to sort and distribute them. The Yankees together with their manager Joe Torre made a goodwill trip to where families had gathered in the armory to wait for news of loved ones still missing.

The first major league game played after the September 11th attacks was at Shea Stadium between the Mets and Braves. Now, for anyone who hasn’t spent time at Shea Stadium, it’s directly in the flight path for flights taking off from LaGuardia Airport. The planes flying overhead at this time were not just a minor annoyance. It was a constant reminder of what had just happened in the City. It’s Mike Piazza’s home run in the bottom of the eighth inning that really seemed to bring the somber mood of mourning out of the crowd and perhaps sent the City back on the road of recovery.

The Yankees won their division that year. It was a much-needed diversion from what was going on in New York City as the clean-up of the area and recovery of bodies continued. This was also the time when bombs began falling in Afghanistan. Once the Yankees are in the World Series, it was hard for the Arizona Diamondback players. Usually, trash talk is part of the game. Now, they had to restrain themselves. In light of the events of September 11th, the almost-always hated New York Yankees had pretty much turned into America’s team. Once hated almost universally outside of their own enclave, the Yankees had people across the country rooting for them.

The documentary makes good use of clips and interviews. Players remember what happened and what it felt like at the time as well as discussing the events that took place on the field. Fans talk about how much it meant to them to watch the team and have something to cheer for in the midst of all their sadness. Particularly poignant are the children who lost a parent and who found solace in rooting for their team and some pleasure in meeting players they had admired for years from afar. Other relatives talk about knowing how those they lost would have felt to be at the games. Attending them allowed those who were mourning feel like they were doing something for those who had passed on; as if they were standing in place and going to the games for those who could not be there.

However, for many the World Series of 2001 did not end the way the fairy tale should have. The Diamondback beat the Yankees, and many felt like the rug had been pulled out from under them once again.

Nine Innings from Ground Zero is designed to tug at the viewer’s emotions and it does it very well. At a time when so many years have passed since those events that numerous films and too many documentaries to count have been produced, it’s often hard to imagine one that really shows anything different than what we’ve heard before. This takes a bit of a different tactic. It feels a lot like many other sports documentaries I’ve seen, while at the same time bringing baseball back to the human element as it reflects the emotions of those who lost someone on that terrible day.

One thing that is not touched on is that not all New Yorkers were rooting for the Yankees or were sorry that they lost. In the eyes of many Mets fans, who have long felt like the miscreant younger brother to the perfect older one, one more win “just when the City needed it” would have only added to the insufferability of the Yankees and their fans. And for us, the fact that we could sit in a bar together and hate the Yankees once again, rejoicing in their faltering, meant the world was going to be okay once again.




SHARE THIS:
Bluesky
Threads
Reddit
Email
Save
Mastodon
LIKE THIS:
Loading...
RELATED

DVD Review: Bottom of the Ninth (2002) – The Heart & Soul of the Game of Baseball
June 28, 2024
In "baseball movies"

100 Years of the World Series – Truly For Those With Love of the Game
August 13, 2023
In "baseball movies"

DVD Review: Ken Burns’ Baseball – Exploring Baseball’s Impact on American History
July 17, 2020
In "baseball movies"

 Categories: Television Reviews

Tagged as: 9/11, 9/11 attack, baseball, baseball documentary, documentary, DVD Review, DVDs, New York City documentary, September 11th

Post navigation
 Book Review: A Superior Death by Nevada Barr
Book Review: Smoked Out by Jeff Carson – A Break-Neck Thriller 
Published by Patti Aliventi

Once upon a time there was this website called Epinions. I wrote thousands of reviews there. I love books, movies, and television; mostly science fiction. I'm a gun-totin', meat-eatin' liberal with libertarian leanings who will voice my opinion. View all posts by Patti Aliventi

Leave a Reply
Advertisements
Follow me on Twitter
My Tweets
Advertisements
Goodreads
Advertisements
Blog Stats
228,448 hits
Advertisements
© Patti Aliventi 2019-2024
Advertisements
Advertisements
Advertisements
TOP CATEGORIES: BOOK REVIEWS DVD REVIEW
SOCIAL LINKS: TWITTERFACEBOOK
POWERED BY WORDPRESS.COM. |
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thoughtsfromthemountaintop.com/2023/09/11/nine-innings-from-ground-zero-baseball-helps-a-city-heal/ 
 ----- 
