Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Father-son duo with Mets connection reflects on 9/11
Share
Father-son duo with Mets connection reflects on 9/11
September 11th, 2023

Bill Ladson

@ladsonbill24
Share

NEW YORK -- One can hear the admiration in Steve Dillon Jr.’s voice when he talks about his father, Steve Dillon Sr. 

It has nothing to do with Dillon Sr. playing four seasons in professional baseball, including two big league seasons with the Mets in 1963 and ‘64. It’s what the father did as a cop for the New York Police Department that impressed the son. 

Dillon Jr. admired his father so much so that he followed in his father’s footsteps and worked for NYPD for almost two decades before joining the Mets as the senior director of security in 2018. 

“Over the years, I got to meet all of his friends who were cops or at the precinct he was working at,” Dillon Jr. said. “I looked up to that. I was very impressed and proud of him for being a cop. During that time, I didn’t know what I wanted to do. I had no direction and I was still in high school. My father said, ‘Take a test and see what happens.’ I took the test and 25 years later, here I am.”   

Dillon Jr. was on the police force on 9/11. That day is still fresh in his mind: He was supposed to make a court appearance in the Tri-State area, but it was canceled at the last minute. 

Still at home that morning, Dillon Jr. was watching TV and saw two planes hit the World Trade Center in the attack that claimed nearly 3,000 lives.

“Moments later, I received a call from my office that they were calling everyone to work,” Dillon Jr. said. “I went into the office and waited to see what we were going to do.”     

Later that day, Dillon Jr. was at Ground Zero searching for survivors. At the time, Dillon Sr. had no idea where his son was or what he was doing, finally receiving the call at midnight that Dillon Jr. was OK.

“It wasn’t until hours later that I was able to reconnect and let him know that I was safe and everything was all right,” Dillon Jr. said. “He was relieved. There was still the unknown.” 

Twenty-two years later, the Dillons remain tight. Dillon Sr., now 80, can sometimes be found at Citi Field. He threw the first pitch before a game this year and pitched to two batters at last year’s Old-Timer’s game. 

Dillon Jr. is proud to be working for the team that his father played for in the 1960s. 

“It’s kind of like a full circle,” Dillon Jr. said. “It’s hard to describe knowing that he played for the Mets and now I am with that organization 60 years later. It affords me the opportunity to get him back into the stadium, on the field for batting practice -- all the things that go along with it.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Mets

Bill Ladson has been a reporter for MLB.com since 2002. He covered the Nationals/Expos from 2002-2016.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/mets-senior-director-of-security-remembers-9-11 
 ----- 
