Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Surging Mauricio sums up Mets' September dilemma
Share
Surging Mauricio sums up Mets' September dilemma
September 12th, 2023

Anthony DiComo

@AnthonyDiComo
Share

0:05

0:26

NEW YORK -- Every remaining game on the Mets’ 2023 schedule will come against a team on the National League playoff bubble. That gives club officials both a duty and a choice: The Mets want, in manager Buck Showalter's words, to be fair to every other team. They also want to position themselves as smartly as possible for future success.

Both factors were on display Monday night throughout a 4-3 defeat to the D-backs at Citi Field, during which the Mets fought and clawed and ultimately fell to an Arizona club clinging to the final NL Wild Card spot.

“This time of the year, when you’re facing teams playing for something, it’s really good for us,” said starting pitcher José Quintana, who allowed two runs in five innings to take a no-decision. “We need to show something to play against these guys in the race for the playoffs.”

The Mets must do that, however, while staying true to their own needs. For example, the Mets won’t stretch Quintana, Kodai Senga or any of their relief pitchers as much as they would in a more competitive environment. In recent weeks, Showalter has backed off the workloads of Brooks Raley, Adam Ottavino and rookie catcher Francisco Alvarez. He has also used the opportunity to take long looks at rookies Mark Vientos, Brett Baty and Ronny Mauricio, who might not have received so much run had the Mets still been in contention.

The results have been mixed. Mauricio, for example, remained a one-man highlight reel on Monday: The Mets' No. 4 prospect doubled home two runs in the fourth inning, then walked and made a daring steal of third base with one out in a ninth-inning comeback attempt that fell just short.

Relievers Trevor Gott and Drew Smith, however, continued to struggle in their attempts to prove themselves for the 2024 bullpen. Gott gave up a game-tying homer to former Met Tommy Pham in the eighth, while Smith allowed the go-ahead double to Ketel Marte in the ninth.

“They’re playing for something,” Quintana said of the D-backs. “They try to compete every at-bat.”

The Mets will continue to see the same dynamic this week against a club trying to make the playoffs for the first time in six seasons. They’ll see something similar this weekend against a Reds club that’s chasing Arizona, then next week against two more playoff contenders in Miami and Philadelphia. After those series, the Mets will conclude their season with home rematches against the Marlins and Phillies. None of those clubs sit more than two games out of a playoff berth.

Related
Mets greats congratulate 'stalwart' Wright on number retirement

January 10th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Peterson among 6 Mets to avoid arbitration with 1-year contracts

January 9th, 2025

Here are the top 11 switch-hitting prospects in the Minors

May 15th, 2024

Mauricio sticking close to Mets in ACL tear recovery

February 22nd, 2024

Here are the Top 10 2B prospects for 2024

January 25th, 2024

Through it all, Showalter, general manager Billy Eppler and other team officials will continue evaluating and judging, hoping to be as fair as possible to their rivals while still doing what they need to do to prepare for 2024.

“You’re trying to bridge both those things, and we can,” Showalter said. “It’s a juggling act, trying to be fair ethically but also be fair to us, trying to get as many looks at guys and trying to get ahead of things. Every at-bat, every game gets you a better catalog, so to speak, because obviously we’re going to have some decisions to make between now and next April.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Mets
Ronny Mauricio

Senior Reporter Anthony DiComo has covered the Mets for MLB.com since 2007.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/ronny-mauricio-rips-two-run-double-gets-key-steal-vs-d-backs 
 ----- 
