Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
US News
Metro
Long Island
Politics
World News
Search
LIVE
Palisades fire burns nearly 24K acres as firefighters clash with inferno near celeb-filled enclave; total death toll rises to 16
US NEWS
DraftKings apologizes for exploiting 9/11 anniversary by encouraging customers to bet on NY sports teams
By Carl Campanile
Published Sep. 11, 2023, 6:45 p.m. ET
19
EXPLORE MORE
Number of men with breast cancer near NYC’s Ground Zero skyrockets — now 90 times national average
Hero FDNY chaplain who died of 9/11-related cancer honored with plaque: ‘He touched people’
NY pol shares video of pastor claiming ‘God couldn’t care less’ about 9/11 because victims weren’t ‘saved’: ‘Abhorrent’

Sports betting firm DraftKings apologized Monday for exploiting the anniversary of 9/11 by encouraging customers to place wagers on New York sports teams for a special daily trifecta.

The Boston-based company offered bettors a 9/11-themed pitch that required three New York-based teams — the Yankees, Mets and Jets — to win their games Monday, the 22nd anniversary of the terrorist attacks killed nearly 3,000 people at Manhattan’s World Trade Center, the Pentagon and in a plane crash in Pennsylvania.

“It’s greed. These people are greedy,” fumed Tom Von Essen, who was the New York City fire commissioner when 343 of his firefighters perished while trying to save lives after the hijackers rammed planes into the two World Trade Center towers, causing the collapse of the two behemoth buildings.   

“It’s insensitive and over the top,” Von Essen said of DraftKings’ 9/11 pitch. “It’s something we don’t need on 9/11. But I understand greed.”

After an outcry on social media from other people also offended by the parlay, titled “Never Forget,” DraftKings took the offer down and apologized.

“We sincerely apologize for the featured parlay that was shared briefly in commemoration of 9/11. We respect the significance of this day for our country and especially for the families of those who were directly affected,” DraftKings said in a statement.

DraftKings apologizes for exploiting 9/11 anniversary with NY-themed bets.
Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik, Mayor Rudolph Guiliani, Fire Commissioner Tom Von Essen during the Saturday Night Live “9/11 Tribute” on September 29, 2001.
NBCUniversal via Getty Images
19

What do you think? Post a comment.

The “Never Forget” parlay urge customers to “bet these New York teams to win tonight on 9/11” — the Mets vs Arizona Diamondbacks, the Yankee vs. the Boston Red Sox and the Jets vs. the Buffalo Bills.

Both the Jets are Bills are considered New York teams, though the Jets play their home games across the Hudson in New Jersey.

FILED UNDER DRAFTKINGS  FDNY  GROUND ZERO  SEPTEMBER 11  WORLD TRADE CENTER  9/11/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/11/draftkings-apologizes-for-exploiting-9-11-anniversary-by-encouraging-customers-to-bet-on-ny-sports-teams/ 
 ----- 
