Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
LIVE
Palisades fire burns nearly 24K acres as firefighters clash with inferno near celeb-filled enclave; total death toll rises to 16
MLB
Mike Piazza, Mets honor 9/11 fallen, first responders: ‘Part of who we are’
By Dan Martin
Published Sep. 11, 2023, 10:46 p.m. ET
14
EXPLORE MORE
Felix Mantilla, member of original 1962 Mets, dead at 90
Nationals sign former glove-throwing Mets reliever Jorge Lopez
Pete Alonso, Mets remain locked in contract talks

Mike Piazza was back in Queens on Monday, remembering not just the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, but his dramatic home run 10 days later against the Braves in the first game back in New York City.

And just like in that game, the Mets once again were wearing hats from the FDNY and NYPD on Monday at Citi Field.

“We made a statement we wanted to wear the hats and it’s something at the beginning that we got some pushback on,” Piazza said of the first game back. “We were willing to pay the fine. We didn’t care. No one was gonna take those hats off us.”

He’s not surprised that legacy has continued.

“This is part of who we are as an organization,” Piazza said. “I’m sure with the Yankees and the [local] football teams, as well. It’s part of who we are. It will always be a part of us. Fifty years from now, I know this organization is gonna honor 9/11, because it affected us personally.”

3
Mike Piazza speaks before the Mets’ game against the Diamondbacks on 9/11 on Monday.
Corey Sipkin for the NY POST

Pete Alonso has been among the current Mets who has made sure that’s remained the case.

On Monday, the first baseman wore cleats that represented the organization “Answer the Call,” which provides financial support to families of first responders killed in the line of duty.

“He’s shown leadership in that realm,” Piazza said of Alonso. “He’s taken it upon himself to show that performance on the field is important, but you are part of the community. He’s taken it upon himself in a very authentic way. It’s true leadership.”

3
First responders stand with retired New York Mets Mike Piazza, left, John Franco, center and Al Leiter, right, during a 9/11 ceremony before a game against the Arizona Diamondbacks on Monday
Corey Sipkin for the NY POST
3
The New York Mets stand in front of the dugout during a 9/11 ceremony before a game against the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Corey Sipkin for the NY POST
14

What do you think? Post a comment.

Piazza, along with former teammates including John Franco and Todd Zeile, still visit local fire departments around the anniversary of Sept. 11 and they did so again recently.

As for his memorable home run that gave the Mets the lead in the eighth inning, Piazza said, “At that point, I don’t think the results of the game really would’ve mattered. It’s just the story unfolded [that way] and made it more exciting.”

FILED UNDER 9/11  MIKE PIAZZA  NEW YORK METS  9/11/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/11/mike-piazza-mets-honor-9-11-fallen-first-responders-part-of-who-we-are/ 
 ----- 
