TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Christmas
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Download Our App
Home
TV
Sport
Football
What channel is Northern Ireland v Luxembourg Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What channel is Northern Ireland v Luxembourg Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

Check out how to watch Northern Ireland v Luxembourg in the Nations League, including TV channel, radio coverage and kick-off time.

Getty Images
Alex Harris
Published: Wednesday, 4 September 2024 at 11:43 am
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

Northern Ireland will be looking to begin their latest UEFA Nations League campaign with a victory when Luxembourg make the trip to Windsor Park on Thursday evening.

Winning promotion to League B is the aim of the game for the Green and White Army and they will need to finish in the top two in a group that also contains Belarus and Bulgaria to stand any chance of climbing the ranks.

Northern Ireland's Nations League record leaves a lot to desired as they won just one of their 16 matches, which is in stark contrast to Luxembourg, who have been victorious in half of their 18 games in the competition's short history.

Michael O'Neill's side enjoyed some encouraging results in the first half of 2024, however, securing victories against Scotland and Andorra as well as a draw with Romania, and will look to carry that momentum into the run of Nations League matches over the coming months.

Northern Ireland will hope to have Jamal Lewis available after the left-back recently travelled to Brazil to complete a loan move from Newcastle to Sao Paulo.

More like this
What channel is Luxembourg v Northern Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time

RadioTimes.com has rounded up everything you need to know about how to watch Northern Ireland v Luxembourg on TV and online.

Read more football features: Best players in the world | Best players of all time | Live football on TV today

When is Northern Ireland v Luxembourg?

Northern Ireland v Luxembourg will take place on Thursday 5th September 2024.

Check out our live football on TV guide for the latest times and information.

Northern Ireland v Luxembourg kick-off time

Northern Ireland v Luxembourg will kick off at 7:45pm.

What TV channel is Northern Ireland v Luxembourg on?

Northern Ireland v Luxembourg will be shown on ITV3 following a late deal was struck to show the match on UK TV.

How to live stream Northern Ireland v Luxembourg online

The game will also be available to live stream on ITVX.

Listen to Northern Ireland v Luxembourg on radio

You can listen to live radio commentary of Northern Ireland v Luxembourg on Sportsound on BBC Radio Ulster from 7:30pm.

BBC Radio Ulster is available on DAB radio, FM 92–95 MHz, or you can tune into the station via most television packages.

Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Northern Ireland v Luxembourg odds

In working partnership with the Radio Times, bet365 has provided the following betting odds for this event:

bet365 odds: Northern Ireland (21/20) Draw (12/5) Luxembourg (13/5)*

For all the latest football odds and more, visit bet365 today. Bet £10 & Get £30 in Free Bets for new customers at bet365.

Min deposit requirement. Free Bets are paid as Bet Credits and are available for use upon settlement of bets to value of qualifying deposit. Min odds, bet and payment method exclusions apply. Returns exclude Bet Credits stake. Time limits and T&Cs apply.

*Odds subject to change. 18+. T&Cs apply. BeGambleAware.org. Note – The bonus code RT365 does not change the offer amount in any way.

Check out more of our Sport coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
Alex Harris
Visit us on Twitter
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is Luxembourg v Northern Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Belarus v Northern Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is Luxembourg v Northern Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Belarus v Northern Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Bulgaria v Northern Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Northern Ireland v Andorra friendly match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Win a trip to see The Railway Children

with Bradford City of Culture 2025. One Radio Times reader will win a wonderful trip for four to see The Railway Children. As well as tickets to the show, you will enjoy an overnight stay in a Suite at the four-star Cedar Court Hotel Bradford

ENTER NOW
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2024
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/sport/football/northern-ireland-luxembourg-nations-league-2024-25-preview/ 
 ----- 
