বাংলা Latest Video Photo  
Wednesday, January 1, 2025
SPORTS
TECH
BUSINESS
ENTERTAINMENT
BANGLADESH
WORLD
LIFESTYLE
OPINION
POLITICS
ENVIRONMENT
SCIENCE
OTHERS
Sports
Tech
Business
Entertainment
Bangladesh
World
Lifestyle
Opinion
Politics
Environment
Science
Others
 



Home Sports Cricket
T20 World Cup 2022: Taskin shines as Bangladesh register first Super 12 win
Tigers beat the Dutch side by 9 runs
UNB NEWS 
DHAKA PUBLISH- 
OCTOBER 24, 2022, 02:04 PM 
UNB NEWS UPDATE- 
OCTOBER 24, 2022, 03:32 PM
Bangladesh players celebrate after a wicket falls during a T20 World Cup 2022 match against the Netherlands at the Bellerive Oval, Hobart, on October 24. Photo: Collected





Bangladesh registered their first win in the Super 12 stage of the T20 World Cup 2022, beating the Netherlands by nine runs on Monday in Hobert.

Taskin Ahmed, the right-arm pacer, bagged four wickets for the Tigers to lead the way to the victory. Another right-arm pacer, Hasan Mahmud, also did well, taking two important wickets in this match. Taskin ended up taking four for 25—his best in T20Is now. His previous best was two for 12 against Papua New Guinea.

Read:T20 World Cup: Bangladesh strike early, Netherlands lose 4 quick wickets

Winning the toss, the Netherlands opted to bowl first. Bangladesh posted 144 for eight. In reply, the Netherlands lost two wickets in the very first two balls of their innings.

Taskin’s pace looked too good for the Netherlands batters. The hard-working pacer provided Bangladesh with a dream start. In the first ball, Yasir Ali took a tough catch at the first slip, and in the second ball, wicketkeeper Nurul Hasan took a regulation catch to dismiss the second wicket.

The Netherlands lost two more wickets, trapped by run out in the fourth over when Shakib Al Hasan came to bowl and conceded a six off his first ball. Max ODowd hit him for a six off the first ball, but on the next ball, Max was trapped in run-out. In the same over, Bangladesh sent back Netherlands captain Tom Cooper as well, who suffered a diamond duck—didn't face any balls before getting run out.

Najmul Hossain Shanto saved a boundary in great fashion and threw the ball to the wicketkeeper Nurul, who broke the stumps in a flash. And thus, Tom lost his wicket for a duck.

Colin Ackermann came up with a heroic knock for the Netherlands, but it was not enough for them as he hardly got any support from his teammates who came a cropper today. Scott Edwards and Ackermann had a 44-run stand for the fifth wicket, but that was not enough for them.

In the last over, the Netherlands needed 24 runs. Soumya Sarkar defended it, conceding 14 runs with a six and a wicket off the last ball of the match. In the 19th over, Mustafizur Rahman conceded only eight runs and made the task tough for the Netherlands.

Read:T20 World Cup: Bangladesh set 145 victory target for Netherlands

The Netherlands innings eventually ended up at 135 in 20 overs, and Bangladesh sealed the match by 9 runs. They came close, but they needed to display more potent batting to win the match against a quality bowling attack.

Earlier, Bangladesh got a good start as the openers, Shanto and Soumya, made a good start, posting 43 in the opening stand. But the middle order failed to deliver well. Afif Hossain was the best batter for Bangladesh, scoring 38 runs. Shanto posted the second highest score of 25 runs.

At the lower order, Mosaddek Hossain scored 20 off 12 balls and helped Bangladesh post a fighting total of 144 for eight. For the Netherlands, Paul van Meekeren and Bas de Leede took two wickets each.

After registering their first Super 12 Round win against the Netherlands, the Bangladesh team will be full of confidence to play their second T20 World Cup 2022 match against South Africa on October 27 in Sydney. 

Read: T20 World Cup: Bangladesh bat first vs Netherlands






 Subscribe UNB YouTube Channel
BANGLADESH CRICKET NETHERLANDS TASKIN AHMED T20 T20 WORLD CUP T20 WORLD CUP 2022 BAN VS NED IN T20 WORLD CUP 2022 BANGLADESH VS NETHERLANDS IN T20 WORLD CUP 2022 BANGLADESH'S FIRST MATCH OF T20 WORLD CUP 2022





RELATED ARTICLES
Islamia Eye Hospital: Redefining affordable healthcare in Bangladesh
A retrospective of 2024 events in Bangladesh's music industry
After disgraceful 2024 ‘goat scandal’ NBR steps up efforts to curb graft





TRENDING NEWS
Popular Characters of Squid Game Season 2: Who's Your Favourite?
Discover Ha Long Bay: Your Ultimate Travel Guide to Vietnam’s Natural Wonder
ZTE Nubia Z70 Ultra Review: Is It Really a Flagship Killer?
12 Most In-Demand Tech Skills for 2025: Stay Ahead in the Job Market
LATEST NEWS
Islamia Eye Hospital: Redefining affordable healthcare in Bangladesh
Medical services at Jashore’s Chaugachha Upazila Health Complex suffer from acute physician shortage
Dhaka's air quality remains 'very unhealthy' Wednesday morning
RAB rescues abducted female dentist in Pabna, 3 arrested
New Year celebration ends in tragedy as teen dies from rooftop fall in Natore
Small businesses brace themselves for potentially disruptive TikTok ban


Contact Us

United News of Bangladesh (UNB)
Cosmos Centre 69/1 New Circular Road, Malibagh, Dhaka-1217,Bangladesh.
Email: newsdesk@unb.com.bd

   
ABOUT PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISEMENT CONTACTS
2024 | © Copyright United News of Bangladesh.

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://unb.com.bd/category/Sports/t20-world-cup-2022-taskin-shines-as-bangladesh-register-first-super-12-win/103168 
 ----- 
