Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Are Bangladesh favourites against India in the World Cup? Bangla Tigers' recent ODI record suggests so!

MOHIT KHAKHAR

18 October, 2023
•
8:00 pm UTC

The ongoing ODI World Cup has been a tournament of upsets so far. The supposed minnows have shown resilience and determination against top teams to grind out favourable results. In the end, what is sports without an underdog story?

Do we have another upset on the cards? Indian fans look away! Records suggest that hosts India are down for an upset against Bangladesh. The two sides will lock horns at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune on October 19, 2023.  The proceedings will begin at 14:00 Hours IST (+5:30 GMT).

Bet on CWC 2023 matches here!

What is Bangladesh's ODI record against India in the past one year?

The Bangla Tigers have an interesting record against India in One Day Internationals in the last one year. India's neighbors have met them four times since 2022, and you would be surprised to know the results.

The head-to-head record between India and Bangladesh in the past year is an alarming one for the Men in Blue. Bangladesh have won three of the four matches played between the two nations.

Date	Match	Result	Venue
December 04, 2022	India vs Bangladesh	Bangladesh won by 1 wicket	Mirpur
December 07, 2022	India vs Bangladesh	Bangladesh won by 5 runs	Mirpur
December 10, 2022	India vs Bangladesh	India won by 227 runs	Chattogram
September 15, 2023	India vs Bangladesh	Bangladesh won by 6 runs	Colombo

MORE: Which players have played for two international teams in ODIs?

When was the last time India beat Bangladesh in ODIs?

The last time that India beat Bangladesh in ODIs was in December 2022. India won the last match of the three-match ODI series. After losing the first two ODIs, India beat the hosts in the final game in Chattogram.

India were put into bat in the dead-rubber ODI at the Zahur Ahmed Chowdhury Stadium in Chattogram. The visitors scored 409 runs in 50 overs.

Ishan Kishan and Virat Kohli displayed their class on the night. Kishan scored a whopping 210-run knock in just 131 deliveries. Kohli put on a show with his century (113) as well.  

In response, Bangladesh were bundled up for just 182 runs in 34 overs. Shardul Thakur picked up three wickets, while Umran Malik and Axar Patel bagged two wickets each.

MORE: Will Shaheen Afridi play against Australia? Pakistan Cricket Team struck with viral fever

What is Bangladesh and India's ODI Head to head record?
Team	Wins	Losses	NR
India	31	8	1
Bangladesh	8	31	1

Ready to make your predictions and win on the Cricket World Cup? To find all the latest odds, betting and cricket scores and fixtures from India click here

You can also play Dafabet's CWC 2023 predictor game, and win the latest Apple gadget and big INR prizes, by clicking here!

MOHIT KHAKHAR

Mohit Khakhar is a content producer for The Sporting News India.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/bangladesh-favourites-india-world-cup-recent-odi-record/dabefbbc587ebc340b40ba90 
 ----- 
