Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI SWIMSUIT
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
SI SHOPS
MY ACCOUNT
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Rangers Ride Nathan Eovaldi Gem to First World Series Title
Texas’s high-powered offense didn’t come alive until late in Game 5, but the organization’s ace battled all night long to put the club in position for its first-ever championship.
Stephanie Apstein | Nov 1, 2023
Rangers Ride Nathan Eovaldi Gem to First World Series Title /
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Arizona Diamondbacks

PHOENIX — Nathan Eovaldi was a World Series legend once before, and he hated it.

Five years before he scraped and clawed through six scoreless innings in a 5–0 Game 5 to deliver the Rangers their first title in their 62-year franchise history, he scraped and clawed through six two-run innings for the Red Sox, who would win that 2018 championship in five games. The game went 18 innings, the longest in the history of the Fall Classic, and Eovaldi’s 97 pitches in relief saved the bullpen. Teammate Rick Porcello wept as he watched it.

But what Eovaldi remembers is that he gave up the winning run.

“It bothers me that it was a loss,” Eovaldi admitted before the American League Championship Series. “I feel like you go that far, you want to come out on top in that game. Obviously, I know the significance of the game and it all worked out for us in the overall run. But for me personally it bothers me that it was the only loss in the World Series.”

Eovaldi delivered an impressive performance to power the Rangers to their first World Series title in franchise history :: Erick W. Rasco/Sports Illustrated

It was never easy on Wednesday. But for a team powered by its hitters, a team that at times seemed to get this far despite its pitching staff, Eovaldi delivered a World Series performance he can remember fondly.

They lost 102 games two years ago and 94 in 2022. But buoyed by a half-billion dollar middle infield, a collection of mercenary starting pitchers and a revamped bullpen, they fulfilled the promise they made to one another this spring.

All-Star second baseman Marcus Semien launched a ninth-inning home run in Game 5 to help seal the victory. All-Star shortstop Corey Seager, who won his second World Series MVP award, tormented the Diamondbacks every time they saw him. Right fielder Adolis García provided a dramatic walk-off home run in Game 1 and threatened to do the same in every subsequent at bat until he strained an oblique in Game 3. But it was Eovaldi who took control of the moment when Texas most needed him.

For a while, it looked as though the pitching hero would be Diamondbacks ace Zac Gallen, who authored a masterpiece through the first two-thirds of the game.

Gallen held a no-hitter in the seventh inning, before the Rangers offense caught up to him and broke the 0–0 tie :: Erick W. Rasco/Sports Illustrated

Gallen baffled the Rangers with stuff and with pinpoint command: changeups down and away to lefties, curveballs down, four-seamers up, the occasional slider and cutter just to keep them honest. He took a perfect game into the fifth and a no-hitter into the seventh. It was shortstop Corey Seager, of course, who got a curveball down and away and lined it softly into left field, vacated as the Diamondbacks shifted him to pull. Left fielder Evan Carter doubled, and DH Mitch Garver drove Seager home with a single. Gallen struck out third baseman Josh Jung, and manager Torey Lovullo summoned fireman Kevin Ginkel, who got first baseman Nate Lowe to ground into a fielder’s choice, nabbing Carter at home. Catcher Jonah Heim popped up to catcher Gabriel Moreno in foul territory to extinguish the threat.

Meanwhile, Eovaldi was putting runners on base—and leaving them there. He allowed four hits and five walks. The Diamondbacks put the leadoff hitter on at least second base in each of the first three innings, including first and third with one out in the first, and first and second with nobody out, then second and third with one out, in the third. They loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth. But again and again, when all seemed lost, Eovaldi made his pitch. Arizona went 0-for-9 with runners in scoring position against him. In his final inning, the sixth, he set them down in order.

The game remained close until the top of the ninth, when Diamondbacks closer Paul Sewald allowed three consecutive singles to open the frame. Center fielder Alek Thomas, usually the most reliable Arizona defender, overran the ball on the third one; two runs scored. Semien homered to make it 5–0.

The cushion gave the Rangers a chance to savor their position as the final three outs unfolded: champions, at last, thanks to a pitching performance worthy of a title.

Published Nov 1, 2023
STEPHANIE APSTEIN

Stephanie Apstein is a senior writer covering baseball and Olympic sports for Sports Illustrated, where she started as an intern in 2011. She has covered 10 World Series and three Olympics, and is a frequent contributor to SportsNet New York's Baseball Night in New York. Apstein has twice won top honors from the Associated Press Sports Editors, and her work has been included in the Best American Sports Writing book series. A member of the Baseball Writers Association of America who serves as its New York chapter vice chair, she graduated from Trinity College with a bachelor's in French and Italian, and has a master's in journalism from Columbia University.

Follow stephapstein

Home
/
MLB
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Sitemap
A-Z Index
FAQ
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/2023/11/02/rangers-win-world-series-game-5-diamondbacks-nathan-eovaldi-corey-seager-mvp 
 ----- 
