Skip to Content, Navigation, or Footer.
THE HOOSIER NETWORK
A new perspective on Indiana Athletics
NEWS 09/09/2024
Chicago Cubs relief pitcher Porter Hodge and pitching coach Tommy Hottovy (68) embrace after Hodge, relief pitcher Nate Pearson (right), and starting pitcher Shota Imanaga, combined for a no-hitter against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field in Chicago on Sept. 4, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
HN's MLB Rundown: Sept. 2-8: Cubs throw no-hitter as Yankees fade
Multiple contenders are getting healthier as the playoffs approach
Colin Witte
   

September is finally here, and so are the dog days of the MLB season. Playoff teams start to gear up for a playoff spot, and others try to hang on. Here are the 10 best stories this week in the MLB. 

AL West star activated from injury suffered in June

Kyle Tucker is back for the Houston Astros. The outfielder has missed about three months with a fractured right shin. With October nearing and the Astros in the thick of a playoff push, Tucker comes back to a lineup that is looking to be more consistent. Tucker is having a fantastic year, hitting .266 with 19 home runs and a .979 OPS.

NL West star back on team amid playoff push

The San Diego Padres are getting healthy and have reinforcements on the way. The Padres activated Fernando Tatis Jr. from the 60-day IL, and he is back in the lineup amid the playoff push for San Diego. Tatis has been out since June 22 from a stress reaction in his right femur. The Padres went 38-21 without Tatis, but his presence in the middle of the lineup will give them a little extra boost for October. 

Yankees dodge bullet with injury to ace

The Yankees were holding their breath to see what was going to end up happening to their ace Gerrit Cole. Cole was injured in the seventh inning of a game where the Yankees were leading 7-1 against the Texas Rangers.

"I just didn't think it was the right situation to keep trying to manipulate it out there," he said when asked about his exit. 

The Yankees dodged a bullet as they needed Cole for October baseball. 

NL West star extended before free agency

Early Thursday morning, the San Francisco Giants announced a contract extension for third baseman Matt Chapman. Chapman was rewarded for his all-star type season with a six-year $151 million contract. Chapman signed a three-year contract this past offseason with San Francisco after not getting the money he wanted on the open market. San Francisco can lock up Chapman long-term, as he is having a good year for the Giants, hitting .247 with 22 home runs and a .777 OPS. 

NL West ace set to return next week

The Dodgers are getting healthy fast. After Mookie Betts returned from injury and Freddie Freeman returned from a family matter, Yoshinobu Yamamoto is set to return to Los Angeles this week. Yamamoto has been out since the middle of June with a shoulder injury and is set to make his return on Tuesday in a home game against the Cubs. Yamamoto signed a 13-year $325 million contract in the offseason with the Dodgers and has been as advertised this season, posting a 6-2 record with a 2.92 ERA. 

Yankees struggling as October is near

When I told you about the Yankees’ issue in June and why they are not built for playoff baseball, they did not do much to address it. The Yankees got off to a great start but have played .500 baseball the past couple of months, and it is showing on the field. The Yankees are very top-heavy. Aaron Judge and Juan Soto are two of the best players in the league, but where is the rest of the production going to come from? The starting pitching staff is thin, and the bullpen is not very good outside of Clay Holmes. It is time to worry if you are a Yankee fan. 

Young Yankee pitcher returns

Luis Gil #81 of the New York Yankees throws a pitch during the first inning of a game against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field on Sept. 6, 2024, in Chicago, Illinois. (Nuccio DiNuzzo/Getty Images/TNS)

Reinforcements are on the way for the New York Yankees. Luis Gil has returned from the IL. Gil has been on the IL since Aug. 21 with a lower back strain. Gil started on Friday for New York, pitching six innings, allowing one hit, and striking out seven. Besides Gerrit Cole, the Yankees pitching staff could have been more consistent this year. 

Cubs no-hit Pirates 

The Chicago Cubs no-hit the Pirates on Wednesday using three pitchers, with Shota Imanaga going seven innings and striking out seven, giving way to relievers Nate Pearson and Porter Hodge to get the final six outs. The Cubs have improved since the all-star break and have played themselves into the wild card race in the NL. The Cubs are only five games back of the wild card. This was the first Cubs combined no hitter in 52 years. 

Queens star ruled out for the years amid playoff push

Mets second baseman Jeff McNeil suffered a fractured wrist and will miss the remainder of the regular season. The Mets have been one of the hottest teams in baseball, winning 17 out of their last 22. McNeil was injured on Friday and then ruled out for the season on Saturday. Amid a playoff run, McNeil could be able to return for the playoffs.

MVP talk ramping up as stars continue to hit

In both conferences this year, the conversation for the MVP is ramping up. In the NL, Shohei Ohtani and Fransisco Lindor have both continued to hit, with Ohtani having 45 homers and a .289 average and Lindor having 30 homers and a .272 average. And in the AL, Bobby Witt Jr. and Aaron Judge continue to hit through September. 

Team of the Week 

NL: New York Mets

Going 6-1 this week, the Mets have played their way back into a playoff spot. The Mets have been outstanding in the second half of the season. 

AL: Texas Rangers

With series wins over New York and the Los Angeles Angels and a 6-2 record, the Texas Rangers have played some outstanding baseball as of late.

Texas Rangers third base Ezequiel Duran reacts after reaching second base after a pair of eighth inning errors by the Los Angeles Angels at Globe Life Field in Arlington, September 8, 2024. (Tom Fox/Tribune Content Agency)
Player of the Week

NL: Kyle Schwarber

Kyle Schwarber might be officially back. In 26 at-bats, Schwarber had a .462 average, five home runs and a 1.654 OPS. With the Phillies pursuing a playoff push, Schwarber's recent hot streak will only add to Philadelphia's success. 

AL: Mookie Betts

Mookie Betts has been on a tear as of late. In 22 at-bats, Betts had a .409 average with two home runs and a 1.389 OPS this week. Betts has been a star all year for the Dodgers, as they have been outstanding. 

More
PETER MILLER · JANUARY 6
Colts part ways with defensive coordinator Gus Bradley after 3 seasons
PETER MILLER · JANUARY 5
Chris Ballard, Shane Steichen to remain with Colts for 2025
PETER MILLER · JANUARY 5
Colts end season with overtime win as an uncertain future looms
PETER MILLER · JANUARY 2
Zaire Franklin headlines list of 3 Colts selected to 2025 Pro Bowl
PETER MILLER · DECEMBER 29
‘Everything was in arm’s reach, until it wasn’t’: Colts eliminate themselves from playoff race in loss to Giants
Recent Posts
RYAN COSTELLO · JANUARY 12
'We were here to win the game': Balanced Indiana attack beats Iowa for IU's third ranked win of the year
AUDREY MARR · JANUARY 11
‘We just played uncharacteristic’: Indiana suffers 25-point blowout, ends five-game winning streak
IAN PLASKOFF · JANUARY 9
Indiana escapes with a road victory over Northwestern despite poor offensive performance
Tweets by thehoosiernet
  
Terms & Privacy
Powered by  Solutions by The State News
All Content © 2025 Hoosier Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehoosiernetwork.com/article/2024/09/mlb-rundown-chicago-cubs-no-hitter-yankees-dodgers 
 ----- 
