NEWSLETTERS
Soccer News
Home
Teams
Leagues
Quizzes
Newsletter
Christofer Gonzales (L) of Peru Credit: James Lee - Sipa USA
How to watch Peru vs Nicaragua via online live streaming in the US
Last updated Mar 21, 2024 11:27 PM ET

Peru and Nicaragua will face each other in an International Soccer Friendly today, March 22, at 9:30 PM ET in the Estadio Alejandro Villanueva. Here, you can find all the information about how to watch this game in live streaming on Fanatiz (Pay-Per-View) in the US.

Click here to watch Peru vs Nicaragua live on Fanatiz: Get the PPV!

The Peruvian national team will play its first double-header of matches of the year, aiming to leave behind a dismal 2023 in which it only won one out of its ten official appearances (the rest being six draws and three losses).

Experienced Uruguayan coach Jorge Fossatti will debut as the coach of the Peruvian national team in this double-header, which will have an initial encounter against Nicaragua today, followed by a match against the Dominican Republic. The previous coach, Jorge Reynoso, was dismissed after Peru’s last match in 2023, a 1-1 draw against Venezuela, in the qualifiers for the 2026 World Cup.

Nicaragua is ready to face the Peruvian national team in the double-header preceding the start of the Concacaf qualifiers for the 2026 World Cup. Before visiting Peru, the Nicaraguans played against the Dominican Republic in November 2023. They have an unbeaten streak of six matches.

Below is all the information on how to watch this event for free in the US.

Peru vs. Nicaragua: Date and Venue
Date: Friday, March 22, 2024
Stadium: Estadio Alejandro Villanueva, La Victoria District, Lima, Peru
Peru vs. Nicaragua: Match Time
Time (US): 9:30 PM ET / 6:30 PM PT
Time (Peru): 8:30 PM
Time (Nicaragua): 7:30 PM
How to Watch Peru vs Nicaragua
Live Streaming in the US: Fanatiz (PPV)
¿Which countries will be able to watch Peru vs Nicaragua on Fanatiz PPV?
United States
Canada
Ireland
Netherlands
United Kingdom
Portugal
Germany
Greece
Turkey
Australia
New Zealand
Singapur
Japan
South Korea
How can I purchase a Pay-Per-View?

It can only be acquired through the Fanatiz website. It cannot be purchased through mobile apps or TV but can be viewed through them.

Why should I use Fanatiz?

The PPV package for each game and the bundles include the option of watching it with English or Spanish commentaries or just stadium sound. The PPV package also comes with seven-day VOD (video on demand) access to the game, so fans can watch it again at their convenience.

About Fanatiz

Fanatiz, part of Fz Sports, is the world’s largest Hispanic sports streaming platform, with subscribers in over 100 countries enjoying South America’s best soccer content. It brings the best sports to enjoy live and on-demand, with commentaries in English, Spanish, and Portuguese, as well as stadium-only audio. Through a monthly or annual subscription, users around the world can follow their passion on their favorite screens and devices.
More information: www.fanatiz.com.

More must-reads:

Top five Premier League managers who could be fired next
Watch: Packers RB Josh Jacobs has early miscue vs. Vikings
The 'Most Christmas Day points by NBA franchise' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
Soccer
Top five Premier League managers who could be fired next
Soccer
Jude Bellingham spotted partying with Real Madrid transfer target
Soccer
'Turns his back on it' – Spurs star blasted for disappointing moment…
Soccer
'Coming to win something' – Aston Villa urged to complete…

Lee Hendrie has urged Jack Grealish to make a sensational return to Aston Villa. The 39-time England international moved to Manchester City for £100m in the summer of 2021. Since then, he’s notched 14 goals and 20 assists in 143 appearances across all competitions, helping Pep Guardiola’s men win three Premier League titles and a Champions League among a host of other major honours. However, Grealish hasn’t always nailed down his spot in the starting XI at the Etihad Stadium. Over the past two seasons, for example, Grealish has started just 16 Premier League matches, with a further 17 appearances coming from the bench. Jack Grealish back to Aston Villa? At 29 years old, Grealish will be well aware that now is the time for him to be a regular starter before his career starts to wind down. And former Villa midfielder Hendrie believes a return to his old club might be just what Grealish needs — although he concedes the finances of such a deal could prove rather ‘complicated’. “I’d love to see Jack Grealish back at Aston Villa. Grealish is Villa through and through,” said Hendrie (via Birmingham World). “I remember speaking to him when he signed for City, I was commentating on one of their games, and we had an in-depth chat, and he was saying he’s finding it difficult to adapt to new surroundings. I said to him, get on with it and go on and enjoy your football. It’s your time to go on and win trophies, and that is exactly what he’s done. “He’s such a fantastic person; he’s got a massive heart. I don’t think that we’ve seen the best version of Grealish at City, or the version that steps out onto the grass and enjoys himself. We’ve only seen snippets, but I think that Jack is essentially playing in a way that his manager demands of him. “When I watch Jack play for England, it’s like he’s a different person. He plays with a lot more freedom. If you’re looking at his contributions, goals and assists, then you can say that it’s been disappointing for him, but we know he’s got stacks of ability, and we know he can contribute a lot more. “It’s at the stage now where Jack should probably be thinking about leaving the football club. Nobody could deny that the move hasn’t been successful, he’s won everything there is to win during his time there, but I think for himself, he needs to find his enjoyment in playing again. He’d be an asset for any top football club. I would love him at Villa, but would they have the finances to bring him back? It would probably be a complicated deal to complete. “I know the Villa fans have given him some stick, but I think they would love to see him back at Villa Park. He wouldn’t be coming for a pay day; he’d be coming to win something with Villa and help take the club up a level. It would be brilliant if he came back. I do feel he has to go and leave Man City at the moment to find some enjoyment in his game,” Hendrie concluded.

NHL
Gary Bettman set to fine Canadiens rookie Jakub Dobes after incredible…
20 classic movies audiences think are perfect
NHL
Two Players Officially Hit the NHL Waiver Wire
NHL
2025 NHL Winter Classic between Blackhawks and Blues could be…
NFL
Latest Kirk Cousins chatter paints Falcons in even worse light
NFL
Steelers fans get some clarity on who the problem on defense is
MLB
Why Yankees may have more powerful outfield without Juan Soto
Which singers have the greatest voices in music history?
MLB
Three biggest losers of MLB offseason thus far
College Football
Vanderbilt Quarterback Ripped For 'Embarrassing' Bowl…
NBA
LeBron James assumed 50-year-old Michael Jordan thinks he could…

As a huge Michael Jordan fan, LeBron James has always been well aware of the pride the six-time NBA champion holds in being recognized as arguably the greatest player of all time. Even though they rarely engage in conversation, Bron assumed that among the things MJ is possibly thinking about whenever his name is mentioned is beating him in a 1-on-1 game. Knowing Jordan's unwavering confidence, sometimes borderline arrogance, "The King" was quite certain about his speculation. "He probably thinks he can beat me 1-on-1 right now [laughing]," the four-time MVP said in an interview with ESPN's Chris Broussard in 2013. "I know he probably thinks that. I know MJ definitely thinks he can beat me 1-on-1 right now." LeBron was right about reading MJ's mind LeBron might've been right about Jordan's take regarding a hypothetical one-on-one game between them. After all, in a famous interview just a year later, "His Airness" addressed the subject in an unfiltered and candid manner, saying only Kobe Bryant could beat him in a game of 1-on-1. "If I was in my prime, who would I wanna play 1-on-1? That list is very long. Start off with Jerry West, Elgin Baylor, Kobe Bryant in his prime, LeBron in his prime, Wade in his prime, Melo. That's a good start. And I don't think I would lose, other than to Kobe Bryant because he steals all of my moves," the six-time NBA champion once said. The MJ vs. LeBron GOAT debate Unfortunately, basketball fans never had the opportunity to witness a face-off between Bron and Jordan. Nevertheless, this has not diminished the fervor of discussions among fans. In fact, it has only intensified the ongoing debate regarding who deserves to be called the rightful NBA GOAT. To this day, fans, analysts, former NBA players, and even some celebrities engage in spirited MJ vs. LeBron debates, presenting statistics, anecdotes, and personal opinions to support their stance. This serves as a testament to Jordan and James' immense impact on the game and the culture of basketball. As long as basketball exists, the discussions about who truly reigns supreme will likely endure. And even though the two have yet to develop a deeper relationship like some of the other NBA legends—including MJ and Kobe—their NBA legacies will forever be intertwined.

NFL
The worst NFL teams to still qualify for the postseason
College Football
Arch Manning Reacts to Texas Star's Transfer Portal Decision
NFL
Sean Payton cost Broncos with two baffling coaching decisions
NBA
Klay Thompson Clarifies His Stance On Stephen Curry After Calling…

Dallas Mavericks sharpshooter Klay Thompson recently caught some heat for snubbing his former teammate, Stephen Curry, from his rightful title as the greatest shooter ever. At the time, Thompson said Reggie Miller was the best, but he has since clarified his stance in response to a fan on social media. Fan: "We love you in the Bay, Steph the greatest shooter of all time, you know that bruh!" Klay Thompson: "My man lemme clarify. I wrote this caption with my childhood in mind. At the time Reggie was the standard for off-guards and ball movement along with shot-making. We all know 30 is the GOAT shooter." Warriors fans felt betrayed when Klay alluded to Reggie as the greatest shooter ever, but Thompson didn't mean it as they thought. Growing up in the 90s, Klay didn't get to watch guys like Stephen Curry or Damian Lillard flash their ridiculous range. Instead, it was people like Reggie Miller, Glen Rice, and Mitch Richmond who dominated from the perimeter. Over his 18 years in the NBA, Reggie Miller set the ultimate standard for three-point shot-making with averages of 18.2 points, 3.0 rebounds, and 3.0 assists per game on 47.1% shooting. He made 2,560 threes in his career and shot a respectable 39.5%. In those days, perimeter play wasn't nearly as developed and three-pointers were usually taken in moderation throughout the games. Miller broke all the norms at the time by not only shooting with high volume but also knowing them down consistently enough to be effective on the court. Recently, after passing Miller on the All-Time threes list (Thompson is now 5th all-time with 2,563), he felt compelled to honor the legend in some way, which is why he wrote that caption calling him the greatest shooter. In reality, we all know that title belongs to Curry. As his teammate for 11 years, Thompson knows that more than anyone and he's standing by it today. Besides being first on the NBA's all-time threes list (3,849), Curry boasts an impressive career stat line of 24.7 points, 6.4 assists, and 4.7 rebounds per game on 47.2% shooting. As a 10x All-Star, 10x All-NBA player, 4x champion, 2x scoring leader, and 2x MVP, Steph is undoubtedly one of the greatest point guards ever, and his mastery of the three-pointer has changed the game to a massive degree. From 2015-2019, Curry and Thompson dominated the league together as a ridiculous shooting tandem. They formed a dynasty with Draymond Green and head coach Steve Kerr, who helped lead the team to four championships in eight seasons, including five consecutive Finals appearances. Today, at 36 years old, Curry is still making his mark, even if it's without his longtime Splash Bro. In 24 games this season, No. 30 is averaging 22.5 points, 6.5 assists, and 4.8 rebounds per game on 44.4% shooting. He's single-handedly keeping the Warriors afloat, who currently rank 11th in the West at 15-15. Tonight, the Warriors have a matchup against the Phoenix Suns at 8:30 PM EST at Footprint Center. On Monday, December 30th, they play the Cleveland Cavaliers at Chase Center before a game against the Philadelphia 76ers at home again on Thursday, January 2nd, at 10:00 PM EST.

NHL
Recently Fired Coach Linked to the Canadiens as Potential Solution to…
20 of the greatest rom-com pairings in cinema history
NBA
2 top Kings trade targets in 2024-25 season
NFL
The ‘frequent name’ mentioned in Saints’ head coaching search
NFL
Cleveland Browns' Coach Gets Blunt on NFL Draft Status
NFL
Week 17 winners, losers: Baker Mayfield dominates, Colts…
NHL
Stuart Skinner Livid After Being Ignored by Referee Lead to…
The 25 best NFL play-by-play broadcasters
NBA
Timberwolves’ Anthony Edwards fined $100K
College Football
Iowa State HC Matt Campbell disagrees with take on program's first…
NHL
Tensions Rising in Detroit as Steve Yzerman Calls Out…

Steve Yzerman's rebuild has been going on for quite some time in Detroit, and now he's lashing out at reporters after they questioned some of his decisions. The Detroit Red Wings have the pressure of a lengthy Stanley Cup Playoffs drought on their shoulders, but with Steve Yzerman in charge, this has been a franchise full of optimism. Unfortunately however, things haven't changed during his time, and now the team have been forced into a major shift, with the team hiring Todd McClellan and parting ways with Derek Lalonde on Thursday. The move was one that brought more optimism to Detroit, but it's clear that tensions are rising with the team struggling on the ice through the first three months of the season despite being led by young stars such as Dylan Larkin, Moritz Seider and Lucas Raymond. Now, that frustration has come to the surface, with Steve Yzerman lashing out at a reporter during the team's latest press conference, as the reporter questioned some of Yzerman's move during the lengthy rebuild this franchise has faced over the years. 'If you have a better way, you're free to share it with me, okay?' While the front office has been patient with Yzerman thus far, it's clear to see that changes are being forced upon the team, and if McClellan can't turn things around, it's tough to see where exactly Detroit will turn next as they look to end an eight-year playoff drought. For now though, the pressure continues to mount on Yzerman and this team, who sit in second last place in the Eastern Conference while being eight points back of the final Wild Card spot in the East, so if things don't change in the coming months, it's unclear what this team will look like moving forward.



MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2024 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/soccer/articles/how_to_watch_peru_vs_nicaragua_via_online_live_streaming_in_the_us/s1_17191_40144874 
 ----- 
