Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Tom Brady coach candidate
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Lifestyle
News
Celebrities
Fitness
How to
Movies
Music
Net Worth
TV Shows
UK News
More
World News
Fall Season 2023: What determines when is the first day of fall?

Today the Northern Hemisphere is set to welcome fall season

Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
First Day of Fall 2023. What is special about fall equinox?
Fall Season 2023. When is the first day of Fall 2023?

It's time for the fall season 2023, with this new season being ushered in based on the movement of the Earth.

Many people believe that the Earth is farther from the sun during winter compared to summer. In reality, it actually reaches its closest proximity to the sun in December, which coincides with the winter season in the Northern Hemisphere.

As the Earth completes its annual orbit around the Sun, the Sun's position in the sky, relative to the north-south axis, undergoes continuous changes due to the Earth's tilted rotational axis.

The moments when the Earth's equator tilts most significantly toward or away from the Sun mark significant events in our calendar, namely the Summer Solstice and Winter Solstice when the tilt is most extreme, and the Vernal Equinox and Autumnal Equinox when the tilt is minimal.

What determines when is the first day of fall?

In many parts of the Northern Hemisphere, including the United States, the beginning of the autumn season is marked by the day when the Sun crosses the celestial equator as it heads southward.

This fall season 2023 event typically occurs on either September 22 or 23 and is known as the Autumnal Equinox.

During certain periods of the year, the North Pole of the Earth points away from the Sun, while during other times it points toward the Sun.

These fluctuations are the driving force behind our seasonal changes. When the North Pole faces the Sun, its rays strike the Northern Hemisphere more directly, resulting in warmer temperatures and the onset of summer.

On the day of the autumnal equinox, the Sun's declination is precisely 0° 00', causing day and night to be almost equal in duration.

In the United States, this equates to approximately 12 hours of daylight on this particular day.

Does the weather determine the first day of the fall season 2023?
MORE in MARCA
Ben Affle ck retu...
Marca
How to claim...
Marca

Around mid-September each year, we welcome the advent of autumn as the fall equinox arrives.

It doesn't matter if we've already experienced weeks of cool weather or if there are still warm, summer-like temperatures lingering, as this is what marks the commencement of astronomical autumn.

World News
World NewsFall Season: What is the difference between Fall and Autumn?
World NewsBrutal lightning strike kills two people on Mexican beach
World NewsFall Season 2023: When is the first day of Fall 2023?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
Andy Reid pushes Patrick Mahome...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
找網紅合作？就交給 Kolr 讓品牌爆紅
Kolr
完善住院日額｜凱基人壽健康樂活醫療終身保險，全程守護安心保障
凱基人壽
一天不到一杯咖啡的價格，認養失親寶貝讓愛從此不缺席！
財團法人台北市失親兒福利基金會
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/lifestyle/world-news/2023/09/23/650efa7eca4741ef258b45d4.html 
 ----- 
