 (237) 222 30 41 47  info@cameroon-tribune.cm  Contact Us
4:16:13 PM Thursday, January 2, 2025
Sports
Home Details
International Friendly : Cameroon Faces Zambia Today
By Dilian WELLENG 09 Janv. 2024 09:25 0 Likes 
  

With 26 players already in camp, Head Coach Rigobert Song will be using the game in Jeddah to evaluate what he has been teaching this far.

Today January 9, 2024, the Indomitable Lions of Cameroon play an international friendly against the Chipolopolos of Zambia. The game in Jeddah to kick-off at 2 p.m., Cameroon time, is a test match in preparation to the upcoming 2023 Africa Cup of Nations. The duo is qualified for the AFCON and will be using the game to evaluate their strengths ahead of the competition which comes up in few days. According to sources, the two teams will be meeting for the 14th time in their history and Cameroon has the upper hand having recorded five wins, five draws and three defeats. Though it is a game with no much stakes, winning will be important to consolidate Cameroon’s superiority as well as boost the morale of the Lions as they head to Côte d’Ivoire.
Coach Rigobert Song already has the human resources necessary to produce the positive results having 26 players already in camp. Only first-choice keeper, André Onana had not yet arrived camp at press time yesterday. Reports have it that the Manchester United goalkeeper has been given permission to remain in Manchester to attend to club duties and might be joining his team mates directly in Côte d’Ivoire. Some sources have it that the goalkeeper might be missing Cameroon’s opening game against Guinea on January 15, 2024. If this is effective on ground, Song might go in for Fabrice Ondoa or either of the other two goalkeepers to officially kick-off the competition for Cameroon. This might not be a major problem because the entire team has been into serious work in Jeddah since the beginning of its preparatory camp.
According to information on the official Facebook page of the Indomitable Lions, on Friday January 5, 202...

THIS ARTICLE IS FOR SUBSCRIBERS ONLY

Already subscribed? Identify yourself >

Unlimited access to Cameroon Tribune Digital from 26,250 FCFA
I subscribe
1 minute is enough to subscribe to Cameroon Tribune Digital!
 Want to know more?
Your special cameroon-tribune issue in digital version
Inserts
Exclusive calls for tenders
Preview (access 24 hours before publication)
Editions available on all media (smartphone, tablets, PC)
Like 
 Share on :   
Reactions
Comments
List is empty.
Lead a Comment
FIRSTNAME*
EMAIL*
PHONE
MESSAGE
Send
Same category
MTN Elite One : Colombe leader
02 Janv. 2025 09:43
CAN 2025 : le Cameroun y sera
30 Déc. 2024 12:53
« Une année marquée par des performances contrastées »
30 Déc. 2024 12:51
On News Stands  Subscribe



Most Viewed
GICAM: General Assembly Endorses Merger
 62
Garoua : le challenge du taux de réussite
 60
Construction et renouvellement des lignes ferroviaires : des projets sur les rails
 38
Bicec : un nouveau président au conseil d’administration
 9
Mabanda : l’eau coule à flots !
 33
Your special cameroon-tribune issue in digital version
I subscribe
Download the Cameroon-Tribune app
Cameroon Tribune
Route de l'aéroport BP/PO Box : 1218 Yaoundé Cameroun.
(237) 222 30 41 47
info@cameroon-tribune.cm
Journal
Subscription
Mobile Apps
Our partners
Personnalities
Journalists
Photo Gallery
Folder
National dialog
 Contact Us
Digital ecosystem of SOPECAM
Archives
SOPECAM
Imprimerie SOPECAM
Cameroon Business Today
Cameroon Insider
Boutique SOPECAM
NYANGA
Weekend Sports et Loisirs
Éditions SOPECAM
READ NEWSPAPER
Presidential Politics Economy Society Culture Sports International Editorial Regions
Copyright@2025 cameroon-tribune. Terms and Policies | Advertising | Contact | Dévises
Designed by Inovtech Inc.

Free Activator 2024 With kmspico, you can activate absolutely any version of Windows or Office. More detailed information is available on our website kmspico.blog

kmspico.vc

кракен ссылка кракен ссылка кракен ссылка
Les utilisateurs du Cameroun peuvent accéder aux jeux en ligne Aviator, Crazy Time, JetX sur le site officiel de 4rabet. La plateforme est disponible en anglais et en français. Inscrivez-vous et connectez-vous pour obtenir des bonus. Our Partner: Royal Reels Australia. fortune rabbit demo grátis
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cameroon-tribune.cm/article.html/62411/fr.html/international-friendly-cameroon-faces-zambia 
 ----- 
