Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Jordan Walsh Shares What's Made the Difference for Him in Encouraging Preseason
Rob Greene | Oct 16, 2024
Oct 12, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Boston Celtics guard Jordan Walsh (27) attempts a basket against Philadelphia 76ers forward Isaiah Mobley (35) during the second half at the TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: Brian Fluharty-Imagn Images / Brian Fluharty-Imagn Images
In this story:
Boston Celtics

The Celtics defeated the Toronto Raptors without all of their starters and Luke Kornet playing to go to 4-0 this preseason, 115-111.

Jordan Walsh got the start and continued his impressive two-way play this preseason with 16 points and 10 rebounds, shooting 6-12 from three.

Walsh, entering year two, has shown he has a chance to crack Boston’s rotation without Kristaps Porzingis, with his fitting all-position defense and freakish length on the wing. He’s been especially active for the Celtics on defense getting in the lanes and his three ball is seeming to have grown.

Joe Mazzulla credited Walsh’s development after the game.

“Yeah, just have an understanding of what his job is,” Said Mazzulla. “Defend at a high level, defend multiple positions, rebound, and then make reads on the offensive end. So, he's doing a great job.”

Walsh of course has had the pleasure of learning from big two-way wings like himself in Jaylen Brown and Jayson Tatum.

“Just really proud of his growth," voiced Mazzulla. "Him, the player development team, the work they put in with him. He works hard at it. But starting to carve out a role and just showing a really good attitude towards it. So, it's been fun to watch him grow.”

Walsh described postgame how he and everyone else’s approach to the game is their knowledge of the standard being a Celtic. That’s a huge reason why he looks to make his mark defensively more and solidify his rotation spot this season. Mazzulla also mentioned how Walsh is "starting to carve out a role" while showing a really good attitude.

The second-year wing noted the difference of going into the upcoming campaign compared to his rookie season.

“It feels good to have that year under my belt,” Walsh said. “I kind of know what to expect now. With the season, with the team, I know how to play with the team, so I feel like that’s the biggest part about going into this next year.”

Walsh was also asked if there was any difference to his jump shot or if he made any tweaks.

“I actually haven’t changed anything, it’s just been going in,” he said. “It’s crazy. But nah, I haven’t really changed anything, I’ve just gotten a lot more reps.”

Walsh has made an impact and showcased flashes of growth throughout the preseason. Starting with Boston's two games in Abu Dhabi, he quickly shook off a disappointing Summer League performance. 

Walsh could one day become a fixture in the Celtics' rotation, especially if his three-ball is falling at this rate. His potential has been evident since he was drafted. Now he's converting it into production.

Published Oct 14, 2024|Modified Oct 16, 2024
ROB GREENE

@RobGreeneNBA

Follow RobGreeneNBA

Home
/
Top Stories
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/celtics/top-stories/jordan-walsh-joe-mazzulla-share-what-made-the-difference-for-him-in-encouraging-preseason-01ja5te92tvd 
 ----- 
