Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
LeBron James
LeBron James Stats Tonight: How did the Lakers superstar fare against Golden State Warriors (Oct. 15) | 2024 NBA preseason
LeBron James Stats Tonight: How did the Lakers superstar fare against Golden State Warriors (Oct. 15) | 2024 NBA preseason
By
Michael Macasero
Modified Oct 16, 2024 09:23 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
LeBron James stats against the Golden State Warriors on Oct. 15. [photo: Imagn]

LeBron James and the LA Lakers lost 111-97 to the revamped Golden State Warriors on Tuesday at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. James renewed his rivalry with Warriors superstar Steph Curry after the two teamed up to lead Team USA to an Olympic gold. The four-time MVP had an underwhelming performance against the Dubs.

Anthony Davis led the Lakers with 24 points, 12 rebounds and two assists as the Warriors defense slowed down "King James." The NBA's career-scoring leader finished with six points on 3-for-9 shooting. He added two rebounds, four assists and three turnovers in a forgettable night in Sin City.

Here are James' stats against the Golden State Warriors:

Player	PTS	REB	AST	STL	BLK	TO	FG	3-PT FG	FT	+/-
LeBron James	6	2	4	0	0	3	3-9	0-0	0-0	-13
Trending

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

“King James” did his damage early with his playmaking in the Lakers’ quick start. He set up Rui Hachimura and Austin Reaves to help LA take a 10-3 lead to open the game. James' first two points came off a dunk after a nifty move in the low block against Jonathan Kuminga.

Expand Tweet

James didn't need to put up points in the first frame after Anthony Davis' 11-point eruption. For the most part, he played decoy and ran his team's offense.

The LA Lakers' franchise cornerstone continued to help guide the team's offense in the second quarter. Reaves, Hachimura and Davis took charge of the scoring, combining for 35 points. James was content to let the offense flow through him. James and Co., however, trailed the Warriors 51-58 after two quarters.

Lakers coach JJ Redick started LeBron James in the third quarter but kept him on the court for only five minutes. James went 0-for-3 in the period before rookie Dalton Knecht took him out for good.

What was LeBron James' impact against the Warriors?

LeBron James hardly looked for his shots against the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday. He was content to set up his teammates. James took just nine shots, while Anthony Davis and Rui Hachimura had 14 apiece.

James' playmaking was superb to start the game but committed three turnovers for the night. The Warriors' defense did a good job on the four-time champ as the game wore on.

LeBron James looked his usual self against the Phoenix Suns on Sunday and against the Milwaukee Bucks two nights later. Unfortunately for Lakers fans, he couldn't have the same impact versus his old rivals, the Warriors.

Warriors Nation! You can check out the latest Golden State Warriors Schedule and dive into the Warriors Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Golden State Warriors Los Angeles Lakers LeBron James Stephen Curry NBA Stats
Edited by Michael Macasero
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-lebron-james-stats-tonight-how-lakers-superstar-fare-golden-state-warriors-oct-15-2024-nba-preseason 
 ----- 
