Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Portland Trail Blazers
PRESENTED BY
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
MEDIA
BlazerVision
Impact
Rip City
Shop
Trail Blazers face the Atlanta Hawks on November 17, 2024. Coral Scoles-Coburn / Trail Blazers
Sharpe, Bench Come On Strong In The Second Half To Secure Third-Straight Win At Moda Center
Casey Holdahl
November 17, 20248:35 PM PST

PORTLAND -- The Portland Trail Blazer have lost a number of games this season due in large part to poor play in the third quarter.

Sunday night, their third-quarter effort was the reason they came away victorious.

After trailing the Atlanta Hawks by as many as 16 points in the first quarter, the Trail Blazers outscored the Eastern Conference squad by 21 in the third quarter and were able to make enough plays late in the fourth quarter to come away with a 114-110 victory in front of a crowd of 17,384 Sunday night at Moda Center.

“I thought they responded well,” said Trail Blazers head coach Chauncey Billips. “I mean, it was a disappointing start, obviously, but it happens. But I thought our second group came in and just picked us up. They picked us up. They were amazing the entire time and got us back in the game. And then I started kind of sprinkling in starters with some of those guys, keeping a few of them out there because we needed them. We needed their energy. I thought they all were really good”

The Trail Blazers are now 6-8 overall and 4-4 at home this season. Portland has now won three-straight for the first time in over a year.

The Trail Blazers had three days off after winning back-to-back games versus the Timberwolves on Tuesday and Wednesday, which might explain why they looked rather sluggish in the first quarter versus a Hawks team playing the first game of a west coast road trip.

They trailed 25-9 a little more than halfway through the first quarter, though thanks to the play of the bench, the Trail Blazers managed to trim the Hawks’ lead to 12 by the end of the first quarter and eight by the end of the first half.

But the Trail Blazers would flip the game in the third quarter behind the scoring of Shaedon Sharpe, the playmaking of Dalano Banton and the energy off the bench of Robert Williams III, Deni Avdija, Kris Murray and Rayan Rupert.

With Sharpe and the second unit clicking, the Trail Blazers managed to shoot 63 percent from the field and 7-of-8 from three while holding the Hawks to 35 percent shooting from the field and 1-of-7 shooting from three. The result was Portland outscoring Atlanta 38-17 in the third to take a 94-81 lead into the fourth.

However, the Hawks weren’t done. The visitors would score 13-straight to start what would be an 18-2 run that would give Atlanta a 105-101 lead with 2:48 to play.

But Sharpe wasn’t done either. The 6-6 guard would score Portland’s final 11 points, including a deep three-pointer that reclaimed the lead for the home team, and log two steals in the final two minutes to lift Portland to the four-point victory.

“I think Shaedon, he defers a lot to the veterans and a lot to the other guys,” said Billups. “He just defers, and I'm trying to get him out of that and tell him, just do what you think is best. You know, go take it over. If you can take it over, take it over, and I shouldn't have to force you to take it over. But he's a young kid, he’s a young player, he's just happy to be back playing this season, But he's doing amazing and I think the more that he plays well the rest of the guys on the team will start forcing him to stay aggressive as well, because obviously we need it.”

Sharpe finished with a game-high 32 points —he was the only Portland starter who scored in double figures — on 11-of-21 shooting from the field and 7-of-12 shooting from the line to go with five assists, three steals and two rebounds in 32 minutes.

Dalano Banton went 9-of-19 from the field and 4-of-8 from three for 23 points along with four assists, four rebounds, a steal and a block in 26 minutes.

Robert Williams III went a perfect 6-of-6 from the field for 14 points, eight rebounds, two assists, a block and a steal in 25 minutes. Deni Avdija posted 12 points, eight rebounds, four assists, two steals and a block in 25 minutes.

Trae Young led the Hawks with 29 points, though Jalen Johnson wasn’t far behind with 25.

After going 3-1 on a four-game homestead, the Trail Blazes now return to the road to play their next five starting with a Wednesday contest versus the Thunder in Oklahoma City. Tipoff is scheduled for 5 p.m.

Tags
Dalano Banton
forward center
ForwardCenter
Recap
Robert Williams
Shaedon Sharpe
ROBERT WILLIAMS III
DENI AVDIJA
DALANO BANTON
SHAEDON SHARPE
KRIS MURRAY
RAYAN RUPERT
Related Articles
Sharpe, Bench Come On Strong In The Second Half To Secure Third-Straight Win At Moda Center
Donovan Dominates, Shaedon Elevates And First Place In The NBA Cup On The Brief Case, Episode 119
Portland Trail Blazers Unveil 2024-25 Nike NBA City Edition Uniform 
Back Home On The Blazers Balcony, Episode 134
Blazers Bounce Back With Their Best Effort In NBA Cup Win Versus Timberwolves
TICKETS
Ticket Central
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium 365
Groups
Account Manager
FANS
Mobile App
Connect With Us
Audio
Code of Conduct
CONTACT
Staff
Careers
Contact Us
ARENA
Rose Quarter
Moda Center
FAQ
Directions
Accessibility
Parking
Dr. Jack's
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/blazers/news/sharpe-bench-come-on-strong-in-the-second-half-to-secure-third-straight-win-at-moda-center?srsltid=AfmBOoo1zx0G-YQy7X3hyVyP9XMyvz0VEZhhkM46OnAzXJGd7g4oeXOY 
 ----- 
