03 January, 2025 (Friday)

 Latest Updates  Web Stories  Shots

Today's E-Paper

Mid-day Gujarati Inquilab Mid-day Hindi
SUBSCRIBE
 Mumbai News Entertainment Celebrity Life Sports Lifestyle Photos Podcast Timepass Sunday Mid-Day Mumbai Guide Videos Events
Yearenders Bigg Boss 18 Mid-Day Gold Bollywood News Crime News City News Horoscope Careers at Mid-Day
Breaking News
Mumbai: Bridges over railway lines are ready, but BMC is yet to build ramps
Mumbai: New Year Party turns fatal as one person gets killed over which song to play
Mumbai: Man hammers girlfriend's father on New Year's Eve
Mumbai weather updates: Changing weather conditions, crackdown on construction activities helps improve AQI
Vasai: Man arrested for raping minor at workplace
Mumbai: Bridges over railway lines are ready, but BMC is yet to build ramps
Mumbai: New Year Party turns fatal as one person gets killed over which song to play
Mumbai: Man hammers girlfriend's father on New Year's Eve
Mumbai weather updates: Changing weather conditions, crackdown on construction activities helps improve AQI
Vasai: Man arrested for raping minor at workplace
Mumbai: Bridges over railway lines are ready, but BMC is yet to build ramps
Mumbai: New Year Party turns fatal as one person gets killed over which song to play
Mumbai: Man hammers girlfriend's father on New Year's Eve
Mumbai weather updates: Changing weather conditions, crackdown on construction activities helps improve AQI
Vasai: Man arrested for raping minor at workplace
Home > Sports News > Cricket News > Videos
Cricket News Trending Videos
All Articles Photos Videos Live Blog
Shikhar Dhawan Retirement: A look back into ‘Gabbar’ Shikhar Dhawan’s journey

Indian cricketing star Shikhar Dhawan, today announced his retirement from all formats of cricket. The left-handed opener has been a key player in India's top order, amassing over 10,000 runs across formats. Be it in the IPL or playing for the Indian cricket team, Shikhar Dhawan proved his mettle in multiple instances. From numerous injuries to a bitter divorce, affectionately called "Gabbar" by fans, faced numerous challenges on the field and off the field. Known for his aggressive batting style and iconic moustache, Dhawan leaves behind an illustrious career spanning over a decade. Here are the look back into his journey.

24 August,2024 01:17 PM IST
Indian Cricketer Kuldeep Yadav receives grand welcome in Kanpur, fans celebrate

Indian cricketer Kuldeep Yadav received a grand welcome in Kanpur as he returned to his hometown on July 6. Supporters gathered to greet him, and he remarked that the World Cup belongs to the Indian fans even more than to the players.

06 July,2024 04:09 PM IST
Virat Kohli’s confession to PM Modi goes viral

India's stalwart batter, Virat Kohli, disclosed that he wasn't confident about delivering a performance in the T20 World Cup final in Barbados. Before the final, in seven matches, Kohli, with all his experience, struggled to find that elusive purple patch and put together a string of performances that he enjoyed in the Indian Premier League. Before the final, he could only muster up just 75 runs at an average of 10.71, which was well below the standards that he had set over the years. But in the final against South Africa, when the Indian team needed him the most, Kohli tapped into his prime and brought the best out of himself, proving that 'form is temporary and class is permanent'.

06 July,2024 01:37 PM IST
Rohit Sharma's pitch soil eating and trophy dance story

On July 4, PM Modi had a candid conversation with Team India after their T20 World Cup win. He asked Indian captain Rohit Sharma why he ate pitch soil in Barbados. Rohit explained that he wanted to keep the winning memory, as the pitch was significant for their victory. Rohit also shared their hard work and near misses in previous World Cups. PM Modi jokingly inquired about Rohit's victory ‘Robot-Dance’ while receiving the trophy, asking if it was Chahal’s idea.

06 July,2024 01:37 PM IST
PM Modi asked Hardik Pandya about Suryakumar's match-winning catch in the T20 WC

Hardik Pandya, India's star all-rounder, has experienced a dramatic turnaround over the past six months. After facing personal struggles, he bounced back to help India win the T20 World Cup. Following a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on July 4, Pandya spoke about how his performance on the field silenced his critics. His contributions were crucial in India's victory over South Africa in the tournament's final match.

06 July,2024 01:30 PM IST
T20 World Cup 2024: Cricket Enthusiast Smith Patel On USA Vs CANADA Match

The biggest cricket extravaganza T20 World Cup 2024 commenced on 2nd of June. This is the 9th edition of the T20 World Cup which will be played between 20 teams for the first time in the history of tournament The first match was played between the USA and Canada. Smith Patel, who is an accomplished reporter of Quick Buzz and a sports writer shared his views on the USA Vs CANADA Match. Watch video.

02 June,2024 04:51 PM IST
World Cup 2023 Final: Here is why India lost to Australia in the INDvsAUS final

On 19th November, Australia defeated India by 6 wickets to win the World Cup 2023 Final. From Pat Cummins' captaincy to Travis Head’s century, former cricketer Jatin Paranjape analyses the World Cup 2023 Final between India and Australia and highlights what made Australia take over the Indian defending team in the ICC World Cup 2023. Watch the video to know more.

20 November,2023 05:03 PM IST
INDvsNZ: Indian fan supports New Zealand cricketer Rachin Ravindra

As India braces for an exciting match with the New Zealand cricket team today at Wankhede stadium in Mumbai in the first semi-final of the ICC ODI World Cup 2023 match, fans have thronged outside the stadium and all set to enjoy the match. Among the fans, was also spotted New Zealand star cricketer Rachin Ravindra’s distant relative who hoped to witness a spectacular performance from the young cricketer. Ahead of the INDvsNZ match, cricket fans have begun arriving outside Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai where the semi-final between India and New Zealand will be played today. Excited Indian fans are visiting temples and praying for India’s win across India with hopes of India’s team reaching the finals.

15 November,2023 01:20 PM IST
ICC World Cup 2023: Glenn Maxwell hits double ton to take Australia to World Cup

A masterclass double century by Glenn Maxwell, the first for his country in international cricket, helped Australia secure a semifinal spot in the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 as they defeated Afghanistan by three wickets in a crucial match. Maxwell's blitzkrieg in which he scored 201 runs came in 128 balls and comprised 21 fours and 10 sixes. Maxwell came to the crease when Australia were 49 for four chasing Afghanistan total of 291, and saw more wickets falling quickly with his team's score reading 91 for seven. Following the match, an Australian fan spoke to ANI and said, “Maxwell had some serious back problem and he was in pain...but like a true Aussie, the star that we love, he just got like I'm not walking off injured...it was a classic Australian fightback…”

08 November,2023 11:10 AM IST | Mumbai
ICC World Cup 2023: Inside the controversy of Angelo Mathews ‘timed out’

Former Sri Lankan skipper Angelo Mathews became the first cricketer in history to be dismissed on account of ‘time out’. Controversy erupted after his dismissal which happened during 2023 Bangladesh vs Sri Lanka match of ICC World Cup 2023. Sri Lanka was 135-4 in the 25th over and Samarawickrama had just lost his wicket at Arun Jaitley Stadium. Angelo took his time striding out to the crease and arrived to take strike after the stipulated two-minute mark. He ate up more time as he complained of an issue with the strap of his helmet, prompting the umpires to have a word with him. That is when Bangladesh skipper Shakib-al-Hassan appealed for a ‘time-out’. Mathews was also seen having a discussion with Shakib but the latter did not withdraw his appeal. According to rule 40.1.1 of ICC, “After the fall of a wicket or the retirement of a batter, the incoming batter must, unless Time has been called, be ready to receive the ball, or for the other batter to be ready to receive the next ball within 2 minutes of the dismissal or retirement.” Mathews’ helmet strap came off and it took over 2 minutes, therefore he had to be sent back to pavilion following the appeal. 

07 November,2023 12:59 PM IST
ICC World Cup 2023: Fans celebrate India’s win over South Africa

India thrashed SA by 243 runs in the 37th match of the ICC World Cup 2023 on November 05. Opting to bat first, India put up a massive target of 327 for SA to chase, with Kohli being the top scorer with an unbeaten 101. South Africa on the other hand, was bundled down to 83 runs as Ravindra Jadeja clinched 5/33. Notably, India has qualified for the semifinals. India will take on Netherlands at Bangalore’s M Chinnaswamy Stadium on November 12. One of the Indian cricket team fan said, “We prayed for every single run. ”Another fan said, “Never seen the Indian cricket team playing like this before.”

06 November,2023 11:31 AM IST

ADVERTISEMENT

Top Stories
DPR for Uttan-Virar Sea Link Project ready, say sources
"I was very surprised when I heard the term opting out'': Ponting on Rohit
IN PHOTOS: MPCB, Mumbai civic body team up to mitigate pollution
Aamir Khan's daughter Ira celebrates 1st wedding anniversary with Nupur Shikhare
Spotted in the city: Ram Charan, Kiara Advani, Amitabh Bachchan & others
China plays down reports of HMPV outbreak; says country safe for travel

ADVERTISEMENT

Follow Us:      Download Our App:  
Mumbai
Mumbai News
Mumbai Crime News
Mumbai Rains
News
India News
World News
Offbeat
Opinion
Entertainment
Bollywood News
Hollywood News
Web Series
Television News
Regional Indian Cinema News
Sports
Cricket
Football
Other Sports
Lifestyle
Horoscope
Relationships
Health & Fitness
Fashion
Food
Travel
Culture
Timepass
Polls
Quiz
Comics
Crosswords
Sudoku
Manjul
Sunday Midday
Technology News
Opinion
Authors
Gujarati News
Hindi News
Urdu News
Radio City
Mumbai Guide
Mumbai Food
Things to do
Famous Personalities
About Us Advertise With Us Careers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Investor Relations Contact Us RSS  Sitemap Grievance Redressal
Kindly mail us your feedback at feedback@mid-day.com
Copyright © 2025 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookie or similar technologies, to enhance your browsing experience and provide personalised recommendations. By continuing to use our website, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
OK
Notifications Powered by 
iZooto
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mid-day.com/sports/cricket/videos 
 ----- 
