Home  Featured
Leone Stars Grind Out Draw Against Chad in AFCON Qualifiers Amidst Tactical Controversies
 by Independent Observer  September 9, 2024 in Featured, Sports
 0
0
SHARES
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter

By Joseph S. Conteh

In an intense showdown at SKD Stadium in Liberia, the Leone Stars battled to a goalless draw against Chad in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers. While Chad had plenty of opportunities in the first half, their inability to convert was a missed chance for victory.

The match was marked by late changes from the Leone Stars’ head coach, Amidu Karim, which stirred up controversy among fans and pundits. 

The decision to opt for Daniel Kanu over Musa N Kamara was questioned, as Kanu’s performance fell short of expectations in breaking down Chad’s defense.

Additionally, the midfield duo of Alhassan and Alusine Koroma failed to establish a balance, hindering creative play and ball retention. Furthermore, winger Mustapha Bundu struggled on the right wing, impacting the team’s attacking flow.

With the upcoming clash against Zambia on September 10, 2024, the Leone Stars face mounting pressure to secure vital wins in the AFCON qualifiers to boost their chances of advancing in a challenging group alongside Ivory Coast. The performance against Chad raises concerns about the team’s qualification prospects and ability to compete at the highest level.

Previous Post
Journalist Flees Sierra Leone after Advocating for LGBTQ+ Rights
Next Post
Hull City Secures Transfer Deal for Abu Kamara from Norwich City
Independent Observer

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Stay Connected test
23.9k
Followers
99
Subscribers
Trending
Comments
Latest
150 RSLAF To Be Recruited
 OCTOBER 19, 2022
500 New Landlords In Town – VP Juldeh
 SEPTEMBER 16, 2022
36 Arrested over alleged registration malpractices
 SEPTEMBER 21, 2022
The Proposed Safe Abortion Bill… Lawyer Writes Attorney General
 SEPTEMBER 19, 2022
Recent News
Tribute To Brother Steady Bongo By Amadu Daramy In Maryland, USA
 DECEMBER 24, 2024
Another Woman Arrested With Pistol & Ammunitions
 DECEMBER 24, 2024
Mr. President, Can We Talk? (Part 71)
 DECEMBER 24, 2024
Tyrese Fornah Dominates as Salford City Cruises to 3-0 Victory Over Notts Co
 DECEMBER 24, 2024

© 2022 Independent Observer

Navigate Site
Home Local News International News Health and Enviromental Sports Editorial Commentary Opinion Analysis Advertisement Contact Us
Follow Us
Home
Local News
International News
Health and Enviromental
Sports
Editorial
Commentary
Opinion
Analysis
Advertisement
Contact Us

© 2022 Independent Observer
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://independentobserver-sl.com/2024/09/09/leone-stars-grind-out-draw-against-chad-in-afcon-qualifiers-amidst-tactical-controversies/ 
 ----- 
