Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Portland Trail Blazers
PRESENTED BY
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
MEDIA
BlazerVision
Impact
Rip City
Shop
SACRAMENTO, CA - OCTOBER 13: Scoot Henderson #00 of the Portland Trail Blazers dunks the ball during the game against the Sacramento Kings during a NBA preseason game on October 13, 2024 at Golden 1 Center in Sacramento, California. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this Photograph, user is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. Mandatory Copyright Notice: Copyright 2024 NBAE (Photo by Rocky Widner/NBAE via Getty Images)
Scoot Leads The Way In Preseason Win Versus Kings
Casey Holdahl
October 13, 20246:40 PM PDT

The Portland Trail Blazers got their first preseason win versus an NBA team in nearly four years with a 105-85 victory versus the Sacramento Kings in front of a crowd of 14,788 Sunday afternoon at Golden 1 Arena. The Trail Blazers are now 1-1 in preseason play with two games remaining on their exhibition schedule. 

After taking a nine-point lead into the halftime intermission, Portland went up by as many as 33 in the fourth quarter before eventually outscoring Sacramento by 11 in the second half to coast to the 20-point victory. 

Scoot Henderson started and led all scorers with 17 points on 5-of-13 shooting from the field and 6-of-8 shooting from the free throw line to go with seven assists, four rebounds and two steals in 25 minutes.

Deandre Ayton started but did not play in the second half, going 5-of-8 from the field to finish with 11 points, 8 rebounds, an assist and a steal in just 18 minutes. Toumani Camara went 4-of-5 from both the field and the free throw line for 13 points while also logging two steals, a rebound and an assist in 23 minutes. 

Dalano Banton shot 50 percent from the field, three and the free throw line to finish with 12 points while also tallying six rebounds, two assists and a block in 18 minutes. Jabari Walker added 11 points, three rebounds, two steals and an assist in 16 minutes.

Donovan Clingan started the second half in place of Deandre Ayton and finished with his first double-double -- 10 points and 10 rebounds -- while also getting two blocks and a steal in 18 minutes. 

Deni Avdija made his Trail Blazers preseason debut Sunday afternoon with five points, five rebounds and two assists in 20 minutes. 

Assistant coach Nate Bjorkgren filled in for head coach Chauncey Billups, who was being inducted into the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame during Sunday afternoon’s game. 

Alex Len led the Kings with 13 points. 

After two road games, the Trail Blazers now return to Moda Center to wrap up their preseason schedule with two home games, the first being a tilt versus German club team Ulm Wednesday night at Moda Center. Tipoff is scheduled for 7 p.m. 

Tags
forward center
ForwardCenter
news
DEANDRE AYTON
DENI AVDIJA
DALANO BANTON
SCOOT HENDERSON
JABARI WALKER
TOUMANI CAMARA
DONOVAN CLINGAN
Related Articles
Scoot Leads The Way In Preseason Win Versus Kings
Clingan Shows Progress In First Preseason Contest
Two-Game Preseason Trip Starts Friday In Seattle Versus Clippers
One Week In On The Blazers Balcony, Episode 130
Injuries At Camp, Misquotes And Guards At Media Day On The Brief Case, Episode 111
TICKETS
Ticket Central
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium 365
Groups
Account Manager
FANS
Mobile App
Connect With Us
Audio
Code of Conduct
CONTACT
Staff
Careers
Contact Us
ARENA
Rose Quarter
Moda Center
FAQ
Directions
Accessibility
Parking
Dr. Jack's
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/blazers/news/scoot-leads-the-way-in-preseason-win-versus-kings?srsltid=AfmBOoqbYa4bpcOKtxvNpR-4xnHOd4xvrnt1TpjEeD1yL-vZMpVMyQgL 
 ----- 
