Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Portland Trail Blazers
PRESENTED BY
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
MEDIA
BlazerVision
Impact
Rip City
Shop
Trail Blazers face the Los Angeles Clippers on October 11, 2024. Bruce Ely / Trail Blazers
Clingan Shows Progress In First Preseason Contest
Casey Holdahl
October 12, 20241:01 PM PDT

Trail Blazers rookie Donovan Clingan made two three-pointers total over his two seasons at UConn. It only took him a few minutes into his first shift as a Trail Blazer to take and make his first triple as a pro, albeit in preseason.

“It felt good, looked good and hey, it went in,” said Clingan of his first NBA preseason attempt. “I was happy.”

Now, the Trail Blazers didn’t select the 7-3 center with the seventh overall pick of the 2024 Draft because of his three-point stroke, though developing a reliable outside shot is a good idea for any player trying to stay on the floor in the modern NBA.

However, his competitive nature and work ethic were very much factors in the decision to select Clingan, so having the confidence in his ability to take something he’s worked on in practice and apply it to his first game minutes as a pro feels more important than the actual shot itself. 

“I thought it was great, to be out there competing against another team other than our guys, it felt good,” said Clingan, who finished Friday’s loss to the Clippers with seven points, five rebounds, two assists and a block in 19 minutes. “I’m still hard on myself, definitely things I could have done better, but I feel like it gave me a good feel for what it’s going to be like this year. Having that as a first game, I’m excited.”

That enthusiasm and determination is sure to serve Clingan well as, like any 20-year old rookie, it will take some time to become accustomed to life in the NBA. That’s especially true for young centers, who have to rely on others to set them up offensively and are expected to lock down the paint against some of the most skilled players in the history of the sport defensively.

“It’s way more physical,” said Clingan of the pro game. “These dudes are strong, they’re much older, the physicality is on another level.”

So he’ll be challenged by Chauncey Billups and his staff, but Clingan’s desire to not only accept coaching, but insist on being pushed in order to reach his full potential is, again, a trait that was important in the decision to draft the two-time National Champion.

“To me, (Los Angeles) scored a little bit too easy on (Clingan) down there,” said Trail Blazers head coach Chauncey Billups. “I’ve been trying to teach him and talk to him, he gets his hands down low when he’s down there and I’m saying ‘I don’t want you to steal basketballs, I want you to block shots.’ So getting his hands up... it’s just kind of a bad habit that young kids have. But other than that, I thought he did a really good job of rolling, collapsing the defense, so I thought he was okay.”

Tags
Chauncey Billups
Donovan Clingan
forward center
ForwardCenter
news
Recap
DONOVAN CLINGAN
Related Articles
Clingan Shows Progress In First Preseason Contest
Two-Game Preseason Trip Starts Friday In Seattle Versus Clippers
One Week In On The Blazers Balcony, Episode 130
Injuries At Camp, Misquotes And Guards At Media Day On The Brief Case, Episode 111
Avdija Makes A Good First Impression At Fan Fest
TICKETS
Ticket Central
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium 365
Groups
Account Manager
FANS
Mobile App
Connect With Us
Audio
Code of Conduct
CONTACT
Staff
Careers
Contact Us
ARENA
Rose Quarter
Moda Center
FAQ
Directions
Accessibility
Parking
Dr. Jack's
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/blazers/news/clingan-shows-progress-in-first-preseason-contest?srsltid=AfmBOoqLw3W-aQF_lFnYrOA7KngN2T_qSIlFnjoqdFfmJieV7stQB1iz 
 ----- 
