Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'I’ll do it next year': J-Ram's 40-40-40 bid ends with Game 162 rainout
Share
'I’ll do it next year': J-Ram's 40-40-40 bid ends with Game 162 rainout
September 30th, 2024

Mandy Bell

@MandyBell02
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

CLEVELAND -- Over the past 24 hours, the Guardians’ coaching staff reflected on José Ramírez’s season.

Ramírez entered Sunday with 39 doubles, 39 homers and 41 steals. Maybe he could’ve gotten to 40-40-40. Maybe he wouldn’t have. But it was determined that it was best to cancel Sunday afternoon’s Game 162 between the Astros and the Guardians to make sure that all players on both rosters would stay healthy for the postseason.

After waiting in the rain for more than three hours from the originally-scheduled first pitch time at Progressive Field, it was announced that the final game of the regular season would not be played or made up due to inclement weather and less-than-ideal field conditions.

• What's next for the Guardians?

Fans will receive a credit for their tickets that can be used toward a 2024 postseason game or a regular-season contest in ‘25.

Technically, the game wasn’t necessary for either team, considering both had already secured their respective seeds in the AL playoff bracket before Sunday, which is why Major League Baseball was able to cancel it without it needing to be made up.

And with the Royals’ win over the Braves and the Tigers’ loss to the White Sox, the Guardians will play the winner between the Astros and Tigers in their AL Wild Card Series.

But for Ramírez, it could’ve meant history.

This would’ve been quite the exclamation point on a season that Ramírez posted a .279 average, an .872 OPS and 118 RBIs, while striking out just 82 times in 158 games. And as the rain came down prior to the announcement of a delay or postponement, all Guardians manager Stephen Vogt could think about was how Ramírez had already earned the title.

Even if it didn’t say so in the record book.

“You start thinking about the four or five balls that Wilyer Abreu robbed from him over the course of that week against Boston,” Vogt said with a grin. “You think about the triple off the top of the wall in Colorado, the trip off the top of the wall the other day. We just kind of reflected over his season. He really already has it if you think about it.”

Related
Guardians avoid arb, lock up Kwan and Thomas for 2025

January 9th, 2025

Who will snag Guardians' No. 5 starter spot?

January 8th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

The 10 rarest, wildest box score lines of 2024

December 30th, 2024

Ramírez, Clase recognized with All-MLB First Team nods

November 15th, 2024

'The complete package': J-Ram has baseball's attention

October 14th, 2024

A 40-40-40 season is so rare that only one player in MLB history has done it: Alfonso Soriano in 2006. Even if Ramírez wouldn’t have gotten a double and only joined the 40-40 club, he would’ve been the seventh player to accomplish that feat, joining Shohei Ohtani, Ronald Acuña Jr., Soriano, Alex Rodriguez, Barry Bonds and Jose Canseco.

Maybe it doesn’t sound as pretty, but Ramírez is still just the second player (along with Soriano) to have a 39-39-40 season.

“It’s just so special,” Vogt said. “I’ve said it all year, one of the favorite parts of this job is watching him every single day be the same person, playing the game the right way, going about his business, playing the game to win, and your numbers will be there at the end of the year.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“He is the epitome and the example of that. And it’s so great that our young players get to watch.”

The Guardians are able to see the bigger picture.

As the potential first pitch time kept getting pushed back later and later with a wetter and wetter field, the team altered its lineup to make sure its top players were protected from any injury before the playoffs. But Ramírez’s name was still there.

If a game would’ve been played, he would’ve had it no other way than to be in the lineup. But as we saw on Saturday, when Ramírez fouled a ball off his leg that required the training staff to evaluate him on the field, just one misstep could alter Cleveland’s entire postseason.

It wasn’t worth that risk.

Ramírez knows he’s heating up at just the right time. His teammates know it, too, as if there would be any doubt. He also knows that his career is far from over.

Everyone in Cleveland’s clubhouse is convinced he would’ve gotten to 40 in at least one of the two remaining categories if Game 162 would’ve happened. But ending at 39-39-40 just leaves Ramírez wanting more.

Ramírez knows he can do it. It just has to wait a few more months for him to prove it.

“He said, ‘Hey, I’ll do it next year,’” Vogt said after the cancellation. “That’s who he is.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians
José Ramírez

Mandy Bell covers the Guardians for MLB.com. Listen to her on the Ballpark Dimensions podcast with Sarah Langs.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/astros-guardians-september-29-2024-game-cancelled 
 ----- 
