Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
BUSINESS
Opinion | Our cost-of-living crisis: In just three years rent and groceries are up nearly 40 per cent. There are solutions
Updated Sept. 8, 2024 at 10:04 p.m.
March 23, 2024
3 min read
Save

Grocery prices are, in the main, not spiralling upward, writes David Olive, but are stuck nearly 40 per cent higher than they were three years ago.

Richard Lautens/Toronto Star file photo
By David OliveStar Business Columnist

David Olive is a Toronto-based business columnist for the Star.

To understand the new populism that has begun to drive our politics, visit the supermarket.

Prices are no longer spiralling upward. But neither, in the main, are they coming down to pre-pandemic levels. Not even close.

Prices are still stuck at the elevated levels to which historically high inflation rates pushed them.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

They haven’t even returned to where they were three years ago, as I learned from pricing a basket of 18 household items I selected for comparison with March 2021, exactly three years ago.

The items in my basket of produce, packaged foods and other household staples were priced at a total of $82 in March 2021, according to StatsCan. 

Today’s Walmart price for that basket is $113.32, a 38.2 per cent increase in just three years.

Food costs should be falling by now

Compare that with the increase of only 8.2 per cent in average weekly pre-tax earnings in the past three years.

The latest Canada’s Food Price Report, published in December, forecasts an increase of up to $701 this year in the average family of four’s annual food bill, or a total of $16,297.20.

That is reported as relief from 2023’s $1,065 jump in food prices. But a further hike of $701 is no relief at all, when food costs should be falling by now, not still rising.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Meanwhile, Rentals.ca reports that asking rents this month for two-bedroom Toronto apartments average $3,287, an increase of almost 38 per cent from March 2021.

Three years later, the average asking rent for a two-bedroom Toronto apartment on Rentals.ca is $3,287, a near doubling in basic shelter costs. 

“If you were only to look at macroeconomic metrics, Canada’s situation would be the envy of most of the world,” economist Armine Yalnizyan, Atkinson Fellow on the Future of Workers, told me.

But “the two things that no household can duck — shelter and food — are significantly more costly today than before the pandemic began.”

Urgency of the cost-of-living crisis is lost on politicians

Yet there is a sense among the leadership class of politicians and business executives that Canada’s economic conditions compare well with other countries and are set to improve.

That is, the urgency of the cost-of-living crisis is somewhat lost on them.

After all, they say, the decades-high interest rates that have held back economic growth are expected to start declining this year.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

The national jobless rate, at 5.8 per cent in February, is lower than the 6.5 per that many economists expected by now.

And with inflation at 2.8 per cent in February, down from its 8.1 per cent peak in 2022, victory on that front is at hand.

Yet, in a Leger poll released this month, 70 per cent of Canadians surveyed agreed with the statement that “It feels like everything is broken in this country right now.” 

The cost-of-living crisis has triggered a widespread anger that has manifested in a craving for new leaders, in Canada, the U.S. and Europe.

Canadians are not accustomed to sustained high prices

Populist leaders, that is, with no solutions to the crisis, who instead use phoney issues like the revenue-neutral carbon tax to inflame the angst.

But the populists’ message is trumping that of establishment leaders who fail to grasp the reality that Canadians simply aren’t accustomed to sustained high prices.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

How could they be, when the inflation rate averaged only 1.7 per cent in the decade prior to the pandemic? And inflation averaged only 2.0 per cent in the three decades before 2019, the last pre-pandemic year.

For anyone coming of age after 1990, today’s high cost of living is a wholly new and disturbing experience. That covers the entire Millennial and Gen Z generations.

And for older Canadians, the double-digit inflation of the 1970s and early 1980s is a vaguely recalled nightmare that was expected not to recur.

It would be convenient if a mere change of leaders would end the cost-of-living crisis. But as sure as gravity is here to stay, acute economic discomfort will remain long after changes of government.

There is a new model of economic governance

Unless, that is, Canada adopts a new model of economic governance.

We must accelerate construction of affordable housing; raise minimum wages; and properly fund food banks that now turn away customers for lack of supplies due to sharply higher demand.

But the new model would also strengthen the social safety net with universal basic income (UBI) and “living wages,” which pay workers according to the cost of living in their localities.

We know from pilot UBI projects here and abroad that UBI holds promise of providing a guaranteed income to households that is sufficient for families to live in relative comfort. 

And there already are 620 Ontario employers paying a living wage, which for Toronto is calculated at $25.05 per hour, compared with the Ontario minimum wage of $16.55.

Bottom line: The cost-of-living crisis is real, will not go away on its own, and threatens to stoke social unrest.

And there are solutions to it, for the grassroots and official leaders bold enough to embrace, promote and enact them.

Correction - March 26, 2024

This article was edited from a previous version, based on inconsistent data from different sources,  mistakenly said that the average asking rent for two-bedroom Toronto apartments had nearly doubled.

Opinion articles are based on the author’s interpretations and judgments of facts, data and events. More details

Related Stories
Canada’s inflation unexpectedly falls to 2.8% in February amid slower grocery price growth
I do the work the federal government has failed to do: Explain the carbon tax
‘Too broke to afford food.’ The crisis of people going hungry
 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
REAL ESTATE
After 8 months on market and $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
2 days ago
CANADA
Canada vows to crack down on international student program abuse amid India’s allegations of human smuggling
5 hrs ago
STAR EXCLUSIVE
A boy created AI-generated porn with the faces of girls he knew. Why Toronto police said he didn’t break the law
7 hrs ago
STAR COLUMNISTS
OPINION
Althia Raj: The Liberals’ focus is no longer on whether Justin Trudeau should resign. The debate is now about how to replace him
18 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Shannon Gormley: Canada’s fake feminist prime minister is running out of women to use as props
3 hrs ago
REAL ESTATE
‘Modern masterpiece’: This $16.5-million Bridle Path home has a theatre, elevator — and 10 parking spots
6 hrs ago
AUTOS
The best compact car just got better. And it’s now available as a hybrid
9 hrs ago
OPINION
Jordan Himelfarb: My dad used to run Canada’s public service. As the Star’s opinion editor, I asked him what he got wrong, how he turned left — and why he keeps needling me about my work
3 hrs ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Business
BUSINESS
OPINION
Why 2025 is a year of opportunity for the new homes market
5 hrs ago
Comments
BUSINESS
OPINION
Rod McQueen: He was a prime minister and a Bay Street player. He lost elections and influence. John Turner didn’t shy away from the arena
6 hrs ago
Comments
REAL ESTATE
After 8 months on market and $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
9 hrs ago
Comments
QUIZ
OPINION
David Olive: Swiftonomics, the Trump billionaire bump, and oily ‘gifts from god:’ Test your business knowledge of the year that was
10 hrs ago
Comments
BUSINESS
Vancouver’s Bench Accounting abruptly shuts down, with hundreds of jobs lost
Article was updated 19 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
CANADA
Canada is cracking down on ‘flagpoling’ at the border. What is it?
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/business/opinion/our-cost-of-living-crisis-in-just-three-years-rent-and-groceries-are-up-nearly/article_8ed6a480-e789-11ee-ac88-fbb27d23a241.html 
 ----- 
