NHL News
Home
Teams
Quizzes
Newsletter
Bob DeChiara-Imagn Images
NHL Game Recap: Pastrnak Scores Game-Winner In OT, Bruins Defeat Kings 2-1
Originally posted on Inside The Rink  |  By Genevive Oliver  |  Last updated Oct 13, 2024 10:16 AM ET

The Bruins hosted the Los Angeles Kings on Saturday, October 12th at the TD Garden and defeated the Kings in overtime. Elias Lindholm had scored the game-tying goal, and Jeremy Swayman made a total of 33 saves for the Bruins. David Pastrnak has scored in each of the Bruins’ first three games, and he ranks 5th in franchise history to score game-winning goals. He’s scored a total of 61 game-winners for the Boston Bruins. Trevor Moore scored the one goal for the Los Angeles Kings. The Bruins will be hosting the Florida Panthers on Monday, October 14th.

Boston Bruins Lineup:

Zacha – Lindholm – Pastrnak

Marchand – Coyle – Geekie

Frederic – Poitras – Brazeau

Beecher – Kastelic – Koepke

Zadorov – McAvoy

Lindholm – Carlo

Lohrei – Peeke

Swayman

Korpisalo

Los Angeles Kings Lineup:

Laferriere – Kopitar – Kempe

Jeannot – Danault – Moore

Fiala – Byfield – Foegele

Lee – Turcotte – Lewis

Anderson – Spence

Gavrikov – Burroughs

Edmundson – Clarke

Kuemper

Rittich

   After a scoreless first period, Trevor Moore struck first to give Los Angeles a 1-0 lead with a power-play goal early into the middle frame at 14:38. Alex Turcotte whiffed on a centering pass that fell to Moore, and with Jeremy Swayman trapped under defenseman Hampus Lindholm, he was able to score into an open net. Elias Lindholm tied the game 1-1 later into the second with only a few minutes remaining during 4-on-4 play, releasing a one-timer off Brad Marchand’s rebound from the left, which had bounced to him on the right. Boston almost took a 2-1 lead with 12 seconds left on the clock when Mason Lohrei nearly got a shot from the point in past Darcy Kuemper, however, it hit the crossbar.

   Both the Bruins and Kings had a power play in the final seven minutes of the third frame but failed to score. So, after another scoreless period, the game headed into overtime.

   Only 41 seconds into overtime, Quintin Byfield had a chance to secure a 2-1 win for the Kings after dodging Pastrnak in the right circle… however, Swayman made a save with his left arm. David Pastrnak scored at 1:53 in overtime to secure a 2-1 victory for Boston when Mason Lohrei found him on the doorstep soon after Matthew Poitras’ zone entry.

David Pastrnak on his game-winning goal in overtime and Matt Poitras: “Great job by Potsy, made a couple of nice plays. Puck got to me. I saw Mason flying at full-speed, kind of criss-crossed… was a good give-and-go,” – “He’s a good player, hasn’t played a meaningful game in a long time. So, we were all happy to see him come back. It’s never easy to be injured… It’s incredible how strong on the puck he is for his size. He’s very good and impressive with that… and how hard it is to take a puck away from him – It’s impressive.”

Matt Poitras on the play leading to Pasta’s OT winner, how he feels his first game back, and what a game like this does for him when he hasn’t played for so long: “I was ready to change. I was pretty tired. So, I was just flying across the ice to pass and change… then, I looked back and Pasta scored – A little winded but I felt pretty good. Legs felt good at the start of the shifts, end of shifts. I think maybe I just got to keep it a little bit shorter… first game in awhile, haven’t really played – I felt pretty good,” – “Definitely builds confidence. Hopefully get the conditioning back a bit better than it was tonight, play whatever minutes are given to me, and just keep doing my thing.”

Notes:

– Each of the past seven games between both the Los Angeles Kings and the Boston Bruins at TD Garden have gone past regulation. This dates back to October 28th, 2017. Before this game on Saturday, the Bruins’ only victory in that span occurred on February 9th, 2019.

– Not only does David Pastrnak rank 5th in Bruins history with the most game-winning goals… he has also become the fourth Bruins player with at least 10 career overtime goals. Brad Marchand has the most with 19.

– Elias Lindholm has extended his season-opening point streak to three games. He has five points: two goals and three assists. This is his first time having five points in the first three games of a season, his 12th in the NHL.

– The Los Angeles Kings outshot the Bruins 10-6 in the third period.

– Both teams had finished 0-for-5 on the power play.

– Darcy Kuemper made a total of 23 saves for the Los Angeles Kings.

This article first appeared on Inside The Rink and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Bruins star strongly fires back after report of locker room issue 
Utah Hockey Club star winger out indefinitely with lower-body injury
The 'NHL franchise all-time point leaders' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NHL
Ex-NHL defenseman calls Matt Rempe the worst player in the…
NHL
Canadiens goalie could leave the organization for Europe, according to…
NHL
One of Leafs GM Brad Treliving's Former Top Defensemen Has…
NHL
Canucks stuck over night in Carolina due to snow storm: report

After Friday night’s loss, it looks like the Vancouver Canucks are staying another night in Carolina. Sportsnet’s Iain MacIntyre shared the news on the post-game show that the club are stuck overnight. There is currently a snowstorm taking place in Raleigh, North Carolina. They have announced a Winter Storm Warning, with the conditions expected to last until 10:00 AM EST Saturday morning. This poses a problem for the Canucks as they are slated to play a back-to-back against the Toronto Maple Leafs at 7:00 PM EST. The Canucks are coming off a loss to the Carolina Hurricanes Friday night as they dropped the game 2-0, registering the fewest shots in any game this season with 14. This was the fourth game of the season where Vancouver has logged under 20 shots on goal in a game. However, they won the other three games, defeating the Boston Bruins, Columbus Blue Jackets and Florida Panthers, outscoring their opponents 11-2. This game marked the 41st game and the official mid-way point of the National Hockey League season. The Canucks hold an 18-13-10 record for 46 points and currently sit fourth in the Pacific Division, 14th in the League Standings, and are hanging onto the second and final Wild Card spot, leading the Calgary Flames by one point – who now have a game in hand – and two points ahead of the St. Louis Blues – who the Canucks have two games in hand on. After Friday evening’s defeat, the Canucks have two more games on their road trip; Saturday against the Maple Leafs and Tuesday against the Winnipeg Jets. The Maple Leafs will be a massive test for the Canucks as they are currently first in the Atlantic Division and fifth in the league with a 27-14-2 record for 56 points. Toronto is coming off a loss of their own to the Hurricanes, falling 6-3. However, they are the much more well-rested team, considering the Canucks will have to travel on game day.

NHL
Report: Trade Talks Intensify Between Vancouver Canucks &…
20 NHL players from the 1990s you probably forgot about
MLB
Pete Alonso reportedly makes offer to Mets
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys react to Cooper Rush's parting message after…
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
College Football
Urban Meyer Doesn't Hold Back Thoughts On James Franklin's…
Who has the most hat tricks for every NHL franchise?
NHL
Canucks GM confirms Elias Pettersson news
MLB
San Francisco Giants Signing Outfielder To Huge Contract Named…
Entertainment
Go-Go Dancer Accuses Diddy of Forcing 'Sex Slaves' to Wear…

Music mogul Sean "Diddy" Combs is facing serious scrutiny after claims that his big-deal White Parties were a front for a sinister plot to lure women into a sexual trap. As first reported by AllHipHop, Adria English, a former Go-Go dancer, has filed a lawsuit against Combs, claiming he took advantage of these events to enforce a color-coordinated dress code that she said branded women as "sex slaves." According to English, who performed at the 2004 Labor Day White Party, she was led to believe that the role would be a stepping-stone to her music career. She said, however, she got caught up in a climate of pressure and exploitation. The developers' lawsuit claims the white outfits donned by women at the extravagant events inside Hamptons and Miami were more than just a style statement. They allegedly acted as a signal that these women were available for sex work. Combs handpicked these uniforms, English lawyer Joel M. Taylor argues, in order to visually communicate to patrons that specific women were "for sale." The accusations range from claiming to use violence, threats, and drugging to keep a person in line. English further claimed that what had started as events soon turned into "Freak Off" after-parties, during which she and others were drugged and forced into non-consensual acts. English was later dressed in black clothing, indicating she had already been assaulted, a further allegation states. "[English] was required to wear a black dress to the 'White Party' not simply to denote her capacity as an employee, but more sinisterly as a sex-trafficked sex worker," the complaint states. Combs is being held at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn on charges of racketeering and sex trafficking. Hintz is set to stand trial in May. Diddy's lawyers refuted all the claims against him, insisting that he is innocent. Things have been less smooth sailing in the case of English, however, whose first team of lawyers withdrew over differences between her and them over the legal direction and settlement proposals — among other issues.

Entertainment
The 20 most iconic bands to hail from Canada
NFL
Giants players make alarming comments after Brian Daboll, Joe…
NFL
A Big Day For The Las Vegas Raiders And Their Head Coaching Search
NHL
Bruins star strongly fires back after report of locker room issue 

The Boston Bruins have had a lot of issues this season, having already gone through a coaching change and now finding themselves teetering on the Eastern Conference playoff bubble. Another potential issue surfaced on Friday when a report from WEEI's Rich Keefe suggested that there was a major issue in the Bruins locker room between star forwards David Pastrnak and Brad Marchand, with Pastrnak — according to the report — no longer wanting to play on a line with Marchand. Marchand wasted no time in firing back when asked about the report and emphatically denied any rift between the two stars. He also had extremely harsh words for Keefe in an extended rant about his credibility and trustworthiness as a reporter. “I know reporters have a job to do and that job is to report on the team," Marchand said. "Usually, you try to be fact-based. But when there’s just blatant lies told in the media, that’s where there’s a problem. The fact this guy has a platform and is just making this up is embarrassing. There’s zero truth to anything he said. This is how you lose a job very quickly. The fact that he’s gonna have a job after this is insane." Marchand went on to say that Pastrnak is one of the most beloved players in the locker room and that there is zero truth to him being a problem. He finished by saying this: “It’s very frustrating because this is what happens — we have not pulled our weight this year,” Marchand continued. “We have not had the season we want to have. But I’m not gonna let some random guy come in the media and spit absolute nonsense. From this point forward, this guy has zero credibility." That is about as emphatic as a dismissal as you can get from a player regarding some sort of locker room turmoil. This all comes a day after the Bruins were on the losing end of a 4-1 decision against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Thursday night to extend their losing streak to six consecutive games. They have also lost seven of their past eight games and find themselves in the bottom half of the league standings. Their overall points percentage is 22nd in the NHL and even though they are holding a Wild Card spot in the Eastern Conference, that is mostly because they have played more games than most of the other teams they are competing with. By points percentage there would currently be four teams ahead of them for a playoff spot. Pastrnak and Marchand do not always play on the same line but have spent extensive time alongside one another over the past six years. When they have played together they are typically one of the most productive duos in the league, as both have top-line offensive skills and Marchand plays a great two-way game. They have not been as good this season as a duo or individually. But nobody in Boston has played up to expectations this season. When the team struggles, that is when rumors and speculation start. Whether there actually is some sort of issue within the locker room is secondary to the fact the team just is not as good as it used to be. They never adequately replaced top centers Patrice Bergeron and David Krejci following their retirements, they do not score enough goals as a team, and starting goalie Jeremy Swayman has not played up to expectations (or his contract) in his first year as a full-time starter. Those are significantly bigger issues the Bruins need to worry about fixing.

NHL
Elliotte Friedman Reveals the New York Rangers Most Coveted…
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NBA
Los Angeles Lakers Make Intriguing Roster…
NHL
Sam Montembeault Makes a Big Request to Canadiens Coaching…
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…
NHL
Maple Leafs Make Bold Move: Fringe Forward Replaces Veteran Max…
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…
'90s TV shows that we need to see on our screens again
Entertainment
The 20 best things that happened on Gossip Girl
NFL
Chargers’ Justin Herbert loses key weapon for Texans clash
MLB
Red Sox Projected To Target $38M Rising Star In Blockbuster Triston…

The Boston Red Sox and St. Louis Cardinals have each had players embroiled in trade talks all winter. For Boston, it's first baseman Triston Casas. For St. Louis, it's third baseman Nolan Arenado and closer Ryan Helsley. The Red Sox have too many left-handed bats in their lineup, and Casas, for as powerful and talented as he is, plays a relatively low-value position at first base. Helsley is entering a walk year as the Cardinals head into rebuild mode, while Arenado's contract is a burden on the St. Louis payroll. There's been a lot of buzz surrounding Arenado as a fit for the Red Sox, because he bats righty and plays better third base defense than Rafael Devers. Is there a world where all the trade targets get swapped for one another? On Friday, content creator Robbie Hyde came up with a blockbuster trade proposal that would swap Arenado and Helsley for Casas. However, the key additions to the trade were Cardinals 22-year-old catcher Iván Herrera and Red Sox starting pitcher Kutter Crawford. "I love Casas, but if he’s going to be moved, one of the best things the Red Sox could do is add a good catcher, which is the highest valued position in the game, especially after trading (Kyle) Teel," Hyde wrote. "Along with this, you add Arenado as well to improve the defense and will surely benefit with the (Green) Monster. Shoot, even maybe add Helsley to be your closer too? Bananas." Hyde included trade surplus figures from Baseball Trade Values that determined Herrera's overall value to be $38.4 million. Casas and Crawford combined for $56.9 million, while Helsley was at $12.1 million and Arenado at $-16.6 million. Herrera would be a serious prize, especially given that the Red Sox dumped the aforementioned Teel, who looked like their catcher of the future. He put up an .800 OPS and 1.7 WAR in his 72 games with the Cardinals last season and could be one of the fastest rising stars at the catching position. Of course, all of those pluses are reasons that the Cardinals would have to keep him untouchable in trade talks. But Casas and Crawford could be incredibly valuable players too, so all sides would have to take an enormous leap of faith to make this vision come true.



MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More NHL News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nhl/articles/nhl_game_recap_pastrnak_scores_game_winner_in_ot_bruins_defeat_kings_2_1/s1_17352_41046339 
 ----- 
