Light
Home
News
Teams
Premier League
F365 Favourites
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
News
Chelsea Target Osimhen ‘agreement Almost Done’ For Saudi Transfer As £72m Flop Nears Exit
Chelsea target Osimhen ‘agreement almost done’ for Saudi transfer as £72m flop nears exit
Jason Soutar
26 Aug 2024 8:39 AM
Victor Osimhen and Kepa Arrizabalaga with the Chelsea badge

Napoli are close to accepting an offer from Saudi Pro League club Al Ahli for Chelsea target Victor Osimhen, according to reports.

Osimhen is out of Antonio Conte’s plans in Naples and has been linked with a move away all summer.

Maresca reveals Fofana could miss rest...
Ange: I hope Spurs and Solanke 'put on...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
'Certainly not looking to help other...
Colwill: Chelsea are out the title race...
Robins: I'm forever grateful for...
What is your team's manager looking for...
Why did Man Utd fan Littler do a Drogba...
The Verdict: Arsenal 'not feeling the...
'Are you serious?' | Neville and...
"You didn't say who sang it!" | Watch...
Ange: Spurs 'working hard' to make...
<
>

Despite his availability and several top clubs chasing a new No. 9, he has been unable to strike an agreement with a European club.

Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain have been linked more than others with the latter looking to fill the void left by Kylian Mbappe.

The Blues, meanwhile, are crying out for an out-and-out striker with 2023 signing Nicolas Jackson still pretty raw.

The Senegalese did score as Chelsea won 6-2 away to Wolves, to be fair, though a new striker should still be a priority for Enzo Maresca.

MORE ON CHELSEA FROM F365
👉 Man Utd, Arsenal, Chelsea chase new No. 9: Ranking of top eight available strikers includes PSG pair
👉 Saudi Arabia transfers: Every completed deal, rumour, snub, as Dybala rejects move

Osimhen’s future has been uncertain for a couple of years now and in an attempt to land a transfer this summer he penned a new contract including a reported £112million release clause last December.

No club has shown a desire to trigger that clause and with days left in the summer transfer window, Napoli are growing desperate with the Nigerian out of their plans.

Osimhen to Chelsea in doubt amid Saudi links

According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, Osimhen could be off to Saudi Arabia with PSG and Chelsea yet to make an approach.

Romano says Saudi Arabian outfit Al Ahli have ‘submitted a bid to Napoli’ worth €65m (£55m), which is substantially less than the Italian club’s asking price going into the summer window.

It is claimed that ‘Napoli are prepared to let him go’, however, the 25-year-old does not have an agreement with Al Ahli, with a ‘deal still far on the player side’.

Ad
Question 1
Marc Cucurella cost £55m. Was the fee Chelsea paid for Romeo Lavia higher or lower?
use 
hint
Higher
Lower

After an initial X post, Romano later added that ‘agreement is almost done’ between Napoli and Al Ahli ‘for package in excess of €65m’.

If Osimhen does move to Saudi Arabia, his contract will include an ‘important salary’ as well as a release clause.

World-record Chelsea signing closes in on Bournemouth transfer

Chelsea could miss out on Osimhen but their top priority before Friday’s deadline is to offload unwanted players – and they have a lot of them.

Trevoh Chalobah, Armando Broja and Djordje Petrovic are among those with no future at the club still at Stamford Bridge.

Another player yet to move on is Kepa Arrizabalaga, though Chelsea are close to offloading him to Premier League rivals Bournemouth.

According to Romano, Kepa is expected to sign a new contract before joining the Cherries on loan.

The Italian transfer journalist wrote on X: ‘Understand Bournemouth are closing in on deal to sign Kepa from Chelsea! Still key details to sort but loan deal until June 2025 (extending his contract at #CFC until 2026) now close after late night talks. If all good later today, Kepa will travel for medical tests.’

Kepa is still the most expensive goalkeeper in history having joined Chelsea from Athletic Bilbao for £72m in 2018.

Ad

More: Chelsea news | Victor Osimhen archives | Can you name the 10 current players with most Premier League appearances?

Chelsea
Kepa Arrizabalaga
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Matt Stead
6 hours ago
Amorim ‘desperate’ and could forego Rashford ‘windfall’ for ‘stunning’ swap involving £62m Chelsea target

Manchester United are exploring a possible solution to their ongoing Marcus Rashford problem with a ‘stunning’ January swap deal involving a Chelsea target.

Manchester United
Marcus Rashford
1
Lewis Oldham
01 Jan 2025
Man Utd: Amorim’s former player named ‘main target’ as ‘United sources’ reveal worrying admission

According to reports, Manchester United have chosen their ‘main’ transfer target, while the Premier League giants have ruled out one signing.

Manchester United
Nuno Mendes
Joe Williams
29 Dec 2024
‘Crazy plan’ revealed as Man Utd transfer is ‘approved’ after ‘meeting’ is held over striker signing

Man Utd are challenging Galatasaray for Victor Osimhen as the Turkish side battle to keep the Napoli striker on loan, according to reports.

Manchester United
Victor Osimhen
1
Jason Soutar
28 Dec 2024
Transfer expert tips Man Utd to replace Rashford with PSG star in ‘surprise’ move to ‘keep an eye on’

Paris Saint-Germain forward Randal Kolo Muani has been mooted as a replacement for Manchester United outcast Marcus Rashford.

Manchester United
Randal Kolo Muani
Ciaran McCarthy
23 Dec 2024
Man Utd ‘willing to pay’ £63m to land elite striker as Euro club encourage mammoth raid

Manchester United are reportedly willing to pay the £63million release clause for Victor Osimhen, while Napoli are actively trying to push him out the door.

Manchester United
Victor Osimhen
1
Joe Williams
20 Dec 2024
Man Utd transfers: Amorim ‘requests three Galacticos’ with trio named in £166m ‘squad rebuild’

Man Utd boss Ruben Amorim has requested that INEOS sign three specific players in a £170m squad rebuild, according to reports.

Manchester United
Ronald Araujo
Mailbox
Man Utd have made ‘appalling mis-step’ with Ruben Amorim; it’s Roy Hodgson again
6 hours ago
53
Ruben Amorim
Arsenal ‘plastic fans’ are ‘humiliating themselves’ with Arteta impatience
02 Jan 2025
51
Mikel Arteta
Amorim tactical rigidity not the problem – Manchester United players ‘are knowingly failing to perform’
01 Jan 2025
23
Ruben Amorim
Amorim must stop copying ‘shamelessly negligent’ relegated manager and be more like O’Neill
01 Jan 2025
9
Martin O'neill
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer
Premier League Table
Full Table
#	TEAM	P	W	D	L	GD	PTS

	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


View More
Mediawatch
Arne Slot > Sir Alex as Marcus Rashford ‘not ruling out’ actual employers
3 hours ago
6
Arne Slot
Ruben Amorim
Arsenal dream of truly ‘unbelievable’ four-man transfer spree after first deal ‘sealed’
02 Jan 2025
3
Mo Salah ‘not happy’ after ‘huge update’ that’s not an update at all
23 Dec 2024
2
Mohamed Salah
Rashford slammed for taking ‘flamethrower’ to Amorim relationship as ‘era of tough-nut footballer’ dies with Walker
20 Dec 2024
1
Kyle Walker
Marcus Rashford
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Football365 Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.football365.com/news/chelsea-target-osimhen-agreement-almost-done-saudi-transfer-kepa-to-bournemouth 
 ----- 
