Holiday Sale Up to 60% Off!

Learn More>>

NEW RELEASES
HEADPHONES
WATCHES
SPEAKERS
HOLIDAY SALE
TOZO COUPON
SUPPORT
EXPLORE
SIGN IN
TOZO Golden X1
TOZO Open Buds
TOZO HT2
TOZO S6
Shop All New Releases
>

Shopping Cart 0

Your Cart is Empty

Continue Shopping

Shopping Cart 0

Your Cart is Empty

Continue Shopping
Share This Article
Popular Posts
The Best Earbud Headphones for Small Ears
December 31, 2024
Find the Perfect Gym Headphones for Fitness
December 29, 2024
TWS Earbuds 101: Definition, Key Features, Choosing Tips
December 27, 2024
Over-Ear vs. On-Ear Headphones: Which is Right for You?
August 26, 2024
Table of Contents
1.What Do Over-Ear Headphones Mean?
2.What Do On-Ear Headphones Mean?
3.Over-Ear Headphones vs. On-Ear Headphones
4.How to Choose the Right Headphones?
5.Comfort Considerations
6.On-Ear Headphones
7.Over-Ear Headphones
8.FAQs about Over-Ear and On-Ear Headphones

The headphone first came into existence about 130 years ago with its humble beginning as a single speaker held to the ear. It quickly developed into its headset format as telephone operators needed to have their hands free to connect callers to one another. The US military also played a role in their design and made improvements along the way. However, its design changed little until the late 1950s when John Koss, founder of the Koss Corporation, developed a pair of stereophonic headphones that featured an over-the-ear design.

The over-the-ear design remained the standard until the introduction of the Sony Walkman in the late 1970s, which had a lightweight and spare on-ear headphone design. Consumers flocked to the on-ear design for its comfort, feel, and sound quality. Since then, on-ear and over-ear headphone styles have gained their fans, each with advantages and disadvantages. Read on to learn more about over-the-ear headphones vs. on-the-ear.

What Do Over-Ear Headphones Mean?

Over-ear headphones are a set of headphones with oval or round cups that completely enclose the ear and a band that goes over the head to connect them together. Each cup has a small speaker inside of it to deliver sound. They have a cushion around the edge of the cup to make them comfortable and create a seal against your ears.

Sometimes the band is cushioned as well, and sometimes it's not. The interior of the cups is semi-hollow to keep the speakers from touching your ear and help with the acoustics. This design also creates passive noise cancelling because the ear is fully enclosed under the cup.

What Do On-Ear Headphones Mean?

On-ear headphones have a design that's similar to over-the-ear, but are smaller and don't enclose the entire ear. They also use cushions around the cups for comfort and to keep sound from "leaking" out. On-ear headphones have to use active noise cancelling as they don't cover the entire ear. The ear is not a smooth surface, and getting a complete sound seal with an on-ear set of headphones is impossible.

Over-Ear Headphones vs. On-Ear Headphones

Over-ear and on-ear headphones have a similar appearance, and both function in the same way, but they have a key difference when it comes to how they cover the ear. This directly affects how they deliver sound and provide noise cancelling, features that can make you choose one style over the other.

Key Differences
Over-the-Ear	On-Ear
Full ear coverage	Smaller than over-the-ear
Passive noise cancelling	Active noise cancelling is necessary
Harder to carry	Portable
Longer battery life (for battery-powered models)	Smaller cups
Generates excess heat	Suffers from sound leakage
How to Choose the Right Headphones?

Ask yourself where you think you'll be using the headphones the most, and what you need from their use. You may prefer a pair of over-the-ear headphones with active noise cancelling to tune out the noise from an office setting or to immerse yourself in the ultimate listening experience in your home office. An on-ear pair works best for settings where you need to have some audio awareness of your surroundings, such as an airport or watching your kids play at the park.

Comfort Considerations

Comfort is another consideration, especially if you have sensitive skin and hearing. On-ear designs are easily adjusted and have airflow to keep you cool and comfortable, while over-the-ear block airflow on purpose and deliver sound more directly to your eardrums.

On-Ear Headphones

On-ear headphones tend to cost less due to the fact they use less material in their construction and are more portable than over-the-ear designs. It's easier to pack a pair of on-ears into a carry-on or laptop bag than over-the-ear. You can also wear on-ear headphones for the purpose of being able to pick up external noise in settings where that's important.

Over-Ear Headphones

Over-ear headphones deliver the best sound fidelity and immersive listening experience. Users can also fine-tune the sound with an equalizer to get the tones, depths, and delicacy they seek. The design is also more cartilage-friendly in that they don't crush the outer ear and lay smoothly against the side of the head.

FAQs about Over-Ear and On-Ear Headphones
Can I use over-ear headphones for workouts?

Yes, you can use over-ear headphones for working out, but you might find that they're bulky and make it more difficult for you to perform a routine. On-ear headphones are a good alternative, especially if you want to block out sound, but don't want the bulk of an over-ear headset.

Which type is better for sleeping?

It depends on your preferred sleeping position. If you sleep on your back, you'll find that there's little difference in terms of feel when it comes to over-the-ear headphones vs. on-the-ear. However, if you're a side sleeper, both types are going to be uncomfortable to wear, and you'll be better off with a headphone headband instead.

Which type is better for gaming?

Both types work for gaming with the considerations coming down to comfort and immersion. If you want to pick up every last sound and melody to create a fully immersive gaming experience, go with over-the-ear headphones. When heat build-up is a concern, use on-ear headphones with noise cancelling to stay cool and dry while still picking up on what's being said or played.

Related Blog Posts
The Best Earbud Headphones for Small Ears
Learn More >
Find the Perfect Gym Headphones for Fitness
Learn More >
TWS Earbuds 101: Definition, Key Features, Choosing Tips
Learn More >
Home
Blog
Over-Ear vs. On-Ear Headphones: Which is Right for You?

Products

Explore & Club

Support

Where to Buy

About Us

       

Refund Policy

Shipping Policy

Privacy Policy

Terms of Service

All Rights Reserved  v2.8.0

 

© 2025 TOZO Official.

English
United States (USD $)

We use cookies on our website to give you the best shopping experience. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.

I agree
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.tozostore.com/blogs/news/over-ear-vs-on-ear-headphones?srsltid=AfmBOoqoT-X8vdZZcKGS-YJTvLVm-XizyTRmgv5hH2WzOO5lKjzIuZzQ 
 ----- 
