Skip to main content
CFP SCORES
United States [English]
Featured

NFL

NBA

MLB

NCAAF

Sports
NFL
NBA
MLB
NHL
Soccer
NCAAF
NCAAMB
NCAAWB
WNBA
Boxing
MMA
WWE
F1
NASCAR
Golf
Tennis
College
High School
Horse Racing
More Sports
Explore More
Fantasy
Betting
Watch
Tickets
Stadium Guides
EDITIONS
United States [English]
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
India
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Pakistan vs. Canada free live stream: How to watch ICC T20 Cricket World Cup matches for free in US and Canada
Abhinav Sharma
06-11-2024
•
5 min read
(Getty)

Out-of-sorts Pakistan know that they are in a must-win situation when they face Canada in match 22 of the ICC T20 World Cup at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium on Tuesday.

The Shaheens have yet to open their account in the competition and enter this match second-bottom in the Group A standings, having lost both of their opening two games in disappointing fashion.

They were on the wrong end of arguably the biggest upset in T20 World Cup history in their opener, where they were beaten by hosts USA in a thrilling encounter that went down to the Super Over.

WATCH FOR FREE: Every T20 World Cup match, live on Fubo (free trial)

Babar Azam's side then looked set to bounce back strongly against their arch-rivals India on Sunday after bundling the Men in Blue out for just 119 in 19 overs, but faltered in the chase, losing the game by six runs.

That means they must defeat both Canada and Ireland to have any chance of progressing to the Super Eights whilst also hoping that USA slip up elsewhere.

The Maple Leafers, meanwhile, are in third place in Group A with two points in as many games.

Being the lowest-ranked team in the tournament, it's fair to say that not much was expected from them, but they pulled off one of the greatest wins in their cricketing history last time out as they stunned Ireland by 12 runs last Friday.

The Sporting News brings you all the details regarding how to watch the Pakistan vs. Canada ICC T20 Cricket World Cup 2024 for free in North America.

MORE: Full T20 Cricket World Cup 2024 schedule and updated results

Pakistan vs. Canada T20 Cricket World Cup: How to watch for free

For fans looking to watch the Pakistan vs. Canada T20 Cricket World Cup match for free, Fubo is the ideal choice.

Cricket enthusiasts can take advantage of a 30-day free trial that includes access to WillowTV. This lets you enjoy live matches, replays, and highlights at no cost during the trial period.

If the 2024 T20 World Cup matches are not available to watch live in your location or if you're travelling abroad, you can use a Virtual Private Network (VPN). VPNs provide a secure and private online connection, allowing you to bypass geographical restrictions and access your favorite streaming services from any device, anywhere in the world.

WATCH FROM ANYWHERE: Sign up for NordVPN (30-day moneyback guarantee)

Pakistan vs. Canada T20 Cricket World Cup TV details
Match: Pakistan vs. Canada 
Date: Tuesday, June 11, 2024
Stage: Group Stage
Start Time: 10:30 a.m. local time (ET)
Venue:  Nassau County International Cricket Stadium, New York

Fans in the United States and Canada can watch the 2024 T20 World Cup live on WillowTV.

Willow Sports is a cable TV channel. If it’s not included in your current package or if you don’t have cable, you can access it through Fubo.

Fubo now includes Willow TV in its sports package. With Fubo, you can watch live matches, replays, and highlights on demand from any device. Start a free trial today to enjoy all the action.

You can also stream the tournament live on Sling TV, which offers new subscribers $20 off their first month.

MORE: When are Pakistan playing at T20 Cricket World Cup?

When is the T20 Cricket World Cup?

The ICC Men's T20 World Cup is back with its ninth edition in 2024, making it a historic event, as it takes place for the first time in the United States and the West Indies.

The tournament kicked off on June 1 with the co-hosts USA beating Canada at the Grand Prairie Stadium in Dallas, Texas.

This year's expanded T20 World Cup sees 20 teams competing for the first time in its 17-year history. The 20 sides have been split into four groups, with the top two then advancing to the Super 8 round.

The Super 8s comprises of two groups, with the top two reaching the semi-finals. The final match is set for June 29. 

T20 Cricket World Cup cities and stadiums 

The T20 Cricket World Cup is being held across nine venues in the West Indies and the United States, hosting a total of 55 games.

This tournament marks cricket's first major global event in the U.S., with 16 matches set to be played across three American venues: Central Broward Park & Broward County Stadium in Florida, Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in New York, and Grand Prairie Stadium in Texas.

Meanwhile, six nations from the West Indies will also play host: Antigua and Barbuda, Barbados, Guyana, Saint Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, and Trinidad and Tobago.

Country	City	Stadium
Antigua and Barbuda	North Sound	Sir Vivian Richards Stadium
Barbados	Bridgetown	Kensington Oval
Guyana	Providence	Providence Stadium
Saint Lucia	Gros Islet	Daren Sammy Cricket Ground
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines	Kingstown	Arnos Vale Stadium
Trinidad and Tobago	San Fernando	Brian Lara Cricket Academy
United States	Lauderhill, Florida	Central Broward Park
United States	East Meadow, New York	Nassau County International Cricket Stadium
United States	Grand Prairie, Texas	Grand Prairie Stadium

If you purchase a product or register for an account through one of the links on our site, we may receive compensation. Learn more >

Author(s)
Abhinav Sharma

Abhinav Nair is a content producer for The Sporting News, working across global editions.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NFL Teams
NBA Teams
MLB Teams
Soccer Teams
F1 Teams
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/us/cricket/news/pakistan-canada-free-live-stream-icc-t20-cricket-world-cup/0cc1e087de6e6373effc612d 
 ----- 
