Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Chicago Cubs Now Projected to Miss MLB Playoffs
After Tuesday's devastating loss against the Atlanta Braves, the Chicago Cubs are now projected to miss the MLB Playoffs when the regular season ends.
Brad Wakai | Sep 27, 2023
Chicago Cubs Now Projected to Miss MLB Playoffs /
In this story:
Chicago Cubs

How will the Chicago Cubs be able to recover from their devastating loss on Tuesday?

That's the big question heading into the second game of their series against the National League's best team, Atlanta Braves.

After blowing a 6-0 lead and losing on a heartbreaking dropped ball, it's fair to wonder how the Cubs will be able to pick themselves back up and compete once again.

For what it's worth, Chicago's clubhouse is not blaming Seiya Suzuki coming out of that loss and is looking to use that as a galvanizing moment.

But still, what is their headspace heading into a tough game?

Manager David Ross is confident that his club will rise to the occasion.

"This team's been really resilient with all the things that have been thrown at them all year. It'll be another test, for sure. But this team's had their back against the wall all year and they've answered the bell. We've got another tough task ahead of us," he told Jordan Bastian of MLB.com.

The odds are certainly against them now.

FanGraphs is now projecting that the Cubs will miss the MLB Playoffs following Tuesday's result.

They are given a 42.1% chance to be playing postseason baseball after having a 58.0% on Monday.

The good news for Chicago is that they're still a half-game up on the Miami Marlins entering Wednesday's games.

The bad news is that the Marlins play a double-header and can overtake the Cubs, regardless of their own result.

Reliever Drew Smyly reiterates that the team knows how important the final stretch of the season is, especially coming off that loss.

"We’ve got five left,” he said. “We’ve got to dig deep."

Published Sep 27, 2023
BRAD WAKAI

Brad Wakai graduated from Penn State University with a degree in Journalism. While an undergrad, he did work at the student radio station covering different Penn State athletic programs like football, basketball, volleyball, soccer and other sports. Brad currently is the Lead Contributor for Nittany Lions Wire of Gannett Media where he continues to cover Penn State athletics. He is also a contributor at FanSided, writing about the Philadelphia 76ers for The Sixers Sense. Brad is the host of the sports podcast I Said What I Said, discussing topics across the NFL, College Football, the NBA and other sports. You can follow him on Twitter: @bwakai

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/cubs/news/chicago-cubs-now-projected-miss-mlb-playoffs-brad9 
 ----- 
