Skip to main content
Home
U.S.
Sports
Entertainment
Life
Money
Tech
Travel
Opinion
For Subscribers
Weather
Investigations
Crosswords
Humankind
Newsletters
Media
For You
Contributor Content
Aerial view of LA fires: Torched neighborhoods, blackened homes
Nation
11 dead, 12K structures destroyed as LA fires pulverize neighborhoods
Nation 
Exclusive: Biden says yes, he could have won reelection
Elections
What is 'avoidant discard'?
Health And Wellness 
Ohio State outlasts Texas in Cotton Bowl to reach national title game
College Football 
Maps: Where are the LA fires burning now?
Graphics 
IRS sending out stimulus checks to some taxpayers: Are you eligible?
Taxes 
Los Angeles Mayor Bass faces criticism over handling of fire outbreak
Nation 
TikTok ban case: Supreme Court recap
Politics 
Biden remarks during exclusive USA TODAY interview: Transcript
Elections
They made it out of the LA fires. Then came the gripping uncertainty
Nation 
NFL playoff predictions: AFC, NFC, and Super Bowl expert picks
NFL 
Trump's felony sentence pleases neither Democrats nor Republicans
Elections 
Asthma is more common than many people think, but it's often undiagnosed
Health And Wellness 
Smoke adds bad-air days for millions. Are you among them?
Investigations
Next BookTok? Readers flock to other apps as TikTok ban looms.
Books 
Pacific Palisades Fire aerial images show devastation
Nation 
Judge puts plea deal for 9/11 mastermind on ice
Nation 
Share your feedback to help improve our site!
Help
Terms of Service
Subscription Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Accessibility
Our Ethical Principles
Responsible Disclosure
Your Privacy Choices
© Copyright Gannett 2025
About Your Privacy

Clicking on the "Reject All" Button retains the default setting of only strictly necessary cookies.
We and our 155 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Cookies link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.For more information about how we use your data visit our Privacy Policy.

If you click "Accept All", we and our partners may process personal data for the following purposes:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All Accept All
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/mlb/braves/2023/09/27/ronald-acua-jr-40-70-club-braves-cubs/70987681007/ 
 ----- 
