CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Football
'Big dream' as debutants Tajikistan reach Asian Cup last 16

Published: 22 Jan 2024 - 11:32 pm | Last Updated: 23 Jan 2024 - 08:40 am

Tajikistan's Croatian coach Petar Segrt celebrates with his assistant after the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group A football match between Tajikistan and Lebanon at the Jassim bin Hamad Stadium in Doha on January 22, 2024. (Photo by Hector Retamal / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
#Asian Cup Qatar 2023
Chinthana Wasala | The Peninsula

Doha, Qatar: Nuriddin Khamrokulov’s stoppage-time goal sealed Tajikistan their place in the knock-out stage as the AFC Asian Cup debutants staged a remarkable comeback to defeat Lebanon 2-1 in their last Group A tie, yesterday.

With unbeaten Qatar already through, the victory took Tajikistan’s points tally to 4 as they finished the Group stage in second spot, surpassing China by two points, while Lebanon were eliminated with just one point.

Tajikistan’s Croatian coach Petar Segrt was elated with the remarkable victory and stated that the team managed to fulfill their first dream.

“Every day we stay here longer is fantastic. We have our first dream: we make the qualification. We have our second dream: we want to go to the second round. Now we dream again,” he said after the match.

“This is football. Every one of us has a dream,” Segrt said.

Both teams displayed resilience early on, showcasing a series of brilliant exchanges.


Tajikistan's players celebrate their win after the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group A football match between Tajikistan and Lebanon at the Jassim bin Hamad Stadium in Doha on January 22, 2024. (Photo by Hector Retamal / AFP)

Tajikistan’s Zoir Dzhuraboev headed a cross in the 24th minute, stopped by Lebanon’s goalkeeper Mostafa Matar before his Manuchehr Safarov struck the crossbar, nearly giving the Central Asian team the lead. On the other hand, Lebanon’s Bassel Jradi posed a challenge for Tajikistan keeper Rustam Yatimov with a tricky shot. Shervoni Mabatshoev’s goal just before the halftime break was disallowed for offside by a margin which the experts called ‘a length of a toe nail’.

Segrt praised his team for the fighting spirit despite the disallowed goal which could have brought them mentally down. “It’s mentally very difficult to come back (after such VAR decisions) and today we continued to fight,” Segrt said. “These players are fighting, they are ready to do everything for their country.”

Upon return, Tajikistan kept the pressure on before Lebanon took the lead through Bassel Jradi who was assisted by Hassan Srour and curled a shot into the far corner beyond the reach of Yatimov.

However, Lebanon soon faced a shock as Kassem El Zein received a red card in the 56th minute following a VAR review. Tajikistan soon took advantage of the weakened defence as Alisher Dzhalilov found the net in the 69th minute, only to see the goal to be disallowed due to offside.


Tajikistan’s Nuriddin Khamrokulov (right) celebrates after scoring his team’s second goal against Lebanon. AFP

It was Parvizdzhon Umarbaev who scored Tajikistan’s historic maiden goal in the AFC Asian Cup in the 80th minute with a well-executed free kick, won by Shahrom Samiev.

Assisted by Ehson Panjshanbe with a long-range pass in the second minute of added time, Nuriddin Khamrokulov headed the winner over goalkeeper Matar to seal a historic win for Tajikistan.

Tajikistan will meet the runner-up of Group C in their Round of 16 match on January 28.

“Believe me, I don’t care who is coming,” Segrt told beINSPORTS, asked who he wanted to face next.

Formula One
Isack Hadjar to make F1 debut for Red Bull feeder team in 2025
New Zealander Lawson replaces Perez at Red Bull
Sergio Perez leaves Red Bull F1 team
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
NBA
Mavs star Doncic out for month with calf injury: reports
Lakers pip Warriors after another LeBron-Curry classic
Davis, James spark Lakers over Spurs while Cavs stay perfect
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich sidelined indefinitely with undisclosed illness

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Qatar weather: Cold spell expected to return from midweek
'Beyond Reality' circus show at Al Wakrah Old Souq extended
UDST unveils seven new programs including Qatar's first aeronautical engineering
Second batch of star-studded Trophée des Champions Visit Qatar tickets release today
Both Jeju Air black boxes found: officials
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
Shura Council condemns occupation's crimes in Gaza and Al-Aqsa Mosque intrusion
AC Milan sack coach Fonseca: club
New year nerves hit Asian stocks
Second Jeju Air flight suffers landing gear problem
Doha Today
Msheireb Academy emerge football champions again
ICBF marks 40th anniversary by inaugurating library
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (December 26-28, 2024)
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2024   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/22/01/2024/big-dream-as-debutants-tajikistan-reach-asian-cup-last-16 
 ----- 
