CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 01:37, January 23, 2024 | Updated: 04:17, January 23, 2024
Tajikistan beat 10-man Lebanon to qualify for Asian Cup last 16
By Reuters
Share

Tajikistan's forward #22 Shahrom Samiev is marked by Lebanon's midfielder #20 Ali Tneich during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group A football match between Tajikistan and Lebanon at the Jassim bin Hamad Stadium in Doha on Jan 22, 2024. (PHOTO / AFP)

AL RAYYAN, Qatar - Asian Cup debutants Tajikistan qualified for the last 16 in dramatic fashion when they came from behind to snatch a last-gasp 2-1 victory over 10-man Lebanon in Group A after scoring their first ever goals in the tournament on Monday.


The result moved Tajikistan up to second place on four points, behind group toppers Qatar who beat China 1-0 in the other game.

Tajikistan had two goals ruled out for offside by VAR but after Lebanon had Kassem El-Zein sent off in the second half, late strikes from skipper Parvizdzhon Umarbayev and Nuriddin Khamrokulov gave Petar Segrt's side a memorable win.

"I want to congratulate all the players. It was a fantastic game, a tough game. Twice VAR made the right decision but mentally it's difficult to come back from that," Segrt told reporters.

"This shows that these players have fight (in them), they are ready to do everything for the country. I want to congratulate all Tajikistan people, this is something special."

ALSO READ: Asian Cup: S. Arabia progresses, Thailand hopes to advance


Lebanon's defender #06 Hussein Zein is marked by Tajikistan's midfielder #11 Mukhammadzhon Rakhimov during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group A football match between Tajikistan and Lebanon at the Jassim bin Hamad Stadium in Doha on Jan 22, 2024. (PHOTO / AFP)

After a goalless first half, Lebanon took the lead two minutes after the restart when Bassel Jradi curled a shot from the edge of the box past the outstretched hand of keeper Rustam Yatimov to bring the crowd to their feet.

Tajikistan thought they had scored their first goal at the Asian Cup - twice - but a deflected strike from Shervoni Mabatshoev and a goal from Alisher Dzhalilov were both ruled out by VAR for offside in the buildup

But Lebanon were reduced to 10 men in the 56th minute when El-Zein was sent off after a stamp for which he initially received a yellow card before VAR asked the referee to take a second look and it was upgraded to red.


Tajikistan thought they had scored their first goal at the Asian Cup - twice - but a deflected strike from Shervoni Mabatshoev and a goal from Alisher Dzhalilov were both ruled out by VAR for offside in the buildup.

But Tajikistan did not let up and scored the equalizer through Umarbayev as the skipper found the top corner from a free kick in the 80th minute.

With 16 minutes added on for stoppages, the winner came from Khamrokulov whose effort looped over goalkeeper Mostafa Matar to seal a memorable win for Tajikistan.

ALSO READ: Asian Cup: S. Korea salvages late draw, Bahrain edges Malaysia

Broken glasses

"I knew that we must wait for the moment. I was quiet and I said to everybody, 'Wait for the chances. We will get our chances'," added Segrt, who broke his glasses in the celebrations that followed.

"I see they got tired but we must continue to play our attacking football... Play for your life. And this is what I want from my players.

"It is now the second time that they kill (broke) my glasses, these crazy players. Every time when they score, they jump on me, I don't know why. I must teach them in training, they have too much energy."

Tajikistan's players celebrate their second goal during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group A football match between Tajikistan and Lebanon at the Jassim bin Hamad Stadium in Doha on Jan 22, 2024. (PHOTO / AFP)

Qatar, who had already won the group and sealed a last-16 place, rested key players but still beat China 1-0 after captain Hassan Al-Haydos scored the winner with a fantastic volley from a corner after 66 minutes to give the hosts maximum points.

Qatar coach Marquez Lopez described Haydos's rocket as the "best goal in the tournament" and the veteran skipper said he was proud of how the second string players stepped up.

READ MORE: Iran through to Asian Cup last 16 with narrow win over HK

"Twenty-six players have played in the three matches and given a spectacular performance. The three points were very important for our morale," Haydos said.

"We have a game in the last 16, we have finished with full marks and now we will focus on the next round."

Share
ALSO READ
MORE
Chinese men make a racket in 2024
Chinese tennis star Zheng Qinwen enjoys an ace season
China's sprinter Su Bingtian to retire after 2025 National Games
Fan Zhendong responds to WTT statement on withdrawal, fines
Frustrated Djokovic says players kept in dark over high-profile doping cases
Late Sottil goal earns Fiorentina 2-2 draw at Juventus
Milan held to 1-1 draw by Roma's magic moment
Napoli draw level with leaders Atalanta after 1-0 win over Venezia
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columnists
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2024. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/372917 
 ----- 
