Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
BREAKING
Jimmy Carter, the 39th US president, has died at 100
HOME AND GARDEN
They didn’t see how they’d ever be able to save a down payment to buy a home in the GTA. Then they got help from an unexpected source

Through Habitat for Humanity GTA’s HomeStart program, teacher Bradley Park and his partner, medical clerk Donna Benosa, were able to buy a home.

Updated Jan. 22, 2024 at 3:43 p.m.
Jan. 20, 2024
3 min read
Save

Bradley Park and Donna Benosa, with dog, Mercury, now own a home, thanks to Habitat for Humanity GTA’s new HomeStart program. 

Steve Russell
By Tracy Hanes Special to the Star

Although Bradley Park and his partner, Donna Benosa, have good jobs — he’s a teacher and she’s a medical clerk — they didn’t see how they’d ever be able to save a down payment to buy a home in the GTA. The rent they paid in York Region and other costs of living made it tough to build the savings they’d need. Then they found help just when they were not expecting to.

The couple hope to have children, but couldn’t see that happening without more financial security. But, through Habitat for Humanity GTA, Park and Benosa achieved their dream of owning a home last March, when they moved into a 650-square-foot, one-bedroom-plus-den condo at 1928 Lake Shore Blvd. West in Toronto’s Swansea neighbourhood. The couple, who are in their late 20s, qualified through a partnership Habitat had with Mirabella Development Corp., to designate five units at the Mirabella condominium specifically for Unity Health Network workers — and that included Benosa.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW
Related Stories
If affording a home is a key part of being middle class, where does that leave most Torontonians?
Only 26 per cent of Canadians could afford a single-family home right now, report finds
Toronto home prices are dipping — but you still need to make over $230K to afford one
 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
GTA
99.5 per cent didn’t get teen into the University of Waterloo but it got him to where he was meant to be
21 hrs ago
DEVELOPING
Jetliner skids off runway and bursts into flames while landing in South Korea, killing 179
45 mins ago
GTA
I went digging in Toronto’s vinyl shops. I found more than music
9 hrs ago
BUSINESS
Donald Trump appears to side with Elon Musk and tech allies in debate over foreign workers, roiling his supporters
17 hrs ago
DEVELOPING
Toronto under heavy rainfall warning, city says ‘storm readiness plan’ in place to watch for possible flooding
2 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Jaime Watt: Advice to progressives: public rage is real and the politics of joy is dead
3 hrs ago
EDITORIAL CARTOON
OPINION
Greg Perry: 51st state
10 hrs ago
BUSINESS
Looking to change jobs in 2025? You’re never too old, and financial security needs to be near the top of your wish list
10 hrs ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Life
LIFE
Scandal, sex, snails? The 10 most-read ‘Ask Lisi’ advice columns of the year
11 hrs ago
Comments
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Sunday, Dec. 29, 2024
12 hrs ago
Comments
HOME AND GARDEN
Two creative souls gutted their dark Roncesvalles home down to the studs. The result is a stunning shared vision
Article was updated Dec 28, 2024
Comments
FOOD AND DRINK
Chef Craig Wong’s favourite places to eat and drink in Toronto — starting with the perfect breakfast
Article was updated 19 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/life/home-and-garden/they-didn-t-see-how-they-d-ever-be-able-to-save-a-down-payment/article_7f868ac4-b3de-11ee-a2bf-5fbb3da08855.html 
 ----- 
