The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
BULLS SPORTS NBA
This last week a reminder of Bulls front office's lack of seriousness
Arturas Karnisovas was in Charlotte to witness that embarrassing win, then Marc Eversley got to watch the lowly Wizards run the Bulls out of the gym. This front office is on the verge of organizational malpractice.
By  Joe Cowley   Jan 2, 2025, 3:50pm UTC

It was a bad week for the Bulls on the court but way worse off of it, as the front office continues to fail to see the big picture and do what’s right for this sinking ship to stay afloat.

Chicago Bulls

SHARE
COPY LINK

WASHINGTON — Bulls vice president Arturas Karnisovas saw it firsthand.

He was in Charlotte, North Carolina, on Monday for the Bulls’ hold-on-to-your-seats 115-108 overtime victory against the undermanned, flailing Hornets.

Two nights later, general manager Marc Eversley subbed in for Karnisovas, so he could zoom off to scout a likely implausible draft pick.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO BULLS
Bulls' front office stuck in waiting game while Zach LaVine makes art
Derrick Rose shows our city the resilience of Englewood
Guard Zach LaVine sets tone in Bulls' blowout victory against Wizards
How Bulls forward Matas Buzelis is handling dog days of NBA season
Want a stake in Michael Jordan's Highland Park mansion? New owner says he's selling shares at $1M
Bulls still searching for answers to unlock forward Patrick Williams
LATEST STORIES
Mike Vrabel, whom the Bears interviewed, set to be named Patriots head coach
Bears' Ian Cunningham interviews for Titans' general manager job
Chicago outdoors: Where frogs go in winter and a buck in winter
A guide to solo travel without feeling lonely
CTU contract talks remain stuck on what goes on in schools, not on economics
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
DEAR ABBY
Dear Abby: Photo album of my husband by his daughter is great — except for the pictures of his first wife
The man’s current wife, who’s been married to him more than 40 years, considers asking her stepdaughter to print a new version with two photos removed.
By Abigail Van Buren  Jan 12, 2025, 12:00pm UTC
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Sunday, January 12, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 12, 2025, 6:01am UTC
BLACKHAWKS
Blackhawks' loss to Oilers puts them off-track in new segment-based approach
The Hawks let a two-goal lead slip away in a 4-3 defeat Saturday. They’re now 1-2-0 in their first of many five-game segments they’ve broken their second-half schedule into for goal-setting purposes.
By Ben Pope  Jan 12, 2025, 3:44am UTC
OBITUARIES
José 'Cha Cha' Jiménez, human rights activist and former chair of Young Lords organization, dead at 76
Mr. Jiménez spent much of the late ‘60s and early ‘70s fighting gentrification in Lincoln Park, allying with other organizations in Chicago to uplift minority and low-income communities, and rallying for an independent Puerto Rico. He died Friday.
By Violet Miller  Jan 12, 2025, 3:06am UTC
HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL
Andrew Pohlman's toughness sets the tone in Oswego East's win against crosstown rival Oswego
Junior Mason Lockett led the Wolves with 14 points and six rebounds and Torrin Ross added nine points.
By Michael O’Brien  Jan 12, 2025, 2:29am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/bulls/2025/01/02/last-week-reminder-how-unserious-bulls-front-office-looks 
 ----- 
