Skip to main content
Open Main Menu Navigation
Open Search
CLEAR ICON
26º
Go to the WDIV homepage
Sign In
Open the WDIV ClickOnDetroit Help Desk
NEWS
LOCAL 4+
WEATHER
SPORTS
FEATURES
LIVE IN THE D
MIPICS
CONTACT US
NEWSLETTERS
SPORTS
Fry's 2-run homer, squeeze bunt lead Guardians over Tigers 5-4 and force ALDS Game 5

Larry Lage

Associated Press

Published: October 10, 2024 at 9:23 PM
Updated: October 10, 2024 at 11:18 PM
Tags: Tarik Skubal, David Fry, Sports
Full Screen
1 / 17
Previous photo
Next photo
Cleveland Guardians' David Fry hits a two-run home run in the seventh inning during Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series against the Detroit Tigers, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit.(AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
Cleveland Guardians right fielder Will Brennan makes a sliding attempt at a double by Detroit Tigers' Parker Meadows in the first inning during Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
Cleveland Guardians pitcher Hunter Gaddis throws against the Detroit Tigers in the seventh inning during Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Cleveland Guardians' Will Brennan, left, and Josh Naylor celebrate at the end of Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series against the Detroit Tigers, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. The Guardians won 5-4. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Cleveland Guardians catcher Austin Hedges, left, celebrates with pitcher Emmanuel Clase at the end of Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series against the Detroit Tigers, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. The Guardians won 5-4. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
Cleveland Guardians' Steven Kwan (38) celebrates with teammate Will Brennan, right, at the end of Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series against the Detroit Tigers, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. The Guardians won 5-4. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
Cleveland Guardians' Steven Kwan (38) celebrates with teammate Will Brennan, right, at the end of Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series against the Detroit Tigers, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. The Guardians won 5-4. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Cleveland Guardians' Brayan Rocchio, right, scores in front of Detroit Tigers catcher Jake Rogers, left, on a bunt by David Fry in the eighth inning of Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Cleveland Guardians' Brayan Rocchio, right, scores in front of Detroit Tigers catcher Jake Rogers, left, on a bunt by David Fry in the eighth inning of Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Cleveland Guardians' David Fry celebrates after hitting a two-run home run in the seventh inning during Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series against the Detroit Tigers, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
Cleveland Guardians' David Fry bunts in the ninth inning during Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series against the Detroit Tigers, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Cleveland Guardians' Jos Ramrez hits a solo home run in the fifth inning during Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series against the Detroit Tigers, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Cleveland Guardians' Jos Ramrez reacts after hitting a solo home run in the fifth inning during Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series against the Detroit Tigers, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
Detroit Tigers' Trey Sweeney hits an RBI sacrifice fly in the second inning during Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series against the Cleveland Guardians, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Cleveland Guardians pitcher Tanner Bibee throws against the Detroit Tigers in the first inning during Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Detroit Tigers pitcher Reese Olson throws against the Cleveland Guardians in the first inning during Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Cleveland Guardians' Lane Thomas hits an RBI single to score teammate Steven Kwan in the first inning during Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series against the Detroit Tigers, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved

Cleveland Guardians' David Fry hits a two-run home run in the seventh inning during Game 4 of a baseball American League Division Series against the Detroit Tigers, Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024, in Detroit.(AP Photo/Paul Sancya)

DETROIT – Pinch-hitter David Fry had a go-ahead, two-run homer in the seventh inning, then bunted home an insurance run in the ninth to help the Cleveland Guardians force a decisive Game 5 against the Detroit Tigers in their AL Division Series with a 5-4 victory on Thursday night.

“David Fry is one of the best baseball players in this league,” Guardians manager Stephen Vogt said.

Recommended Videos

Nonprofit teaching dangers of distracted driving at Catholic Central High School
Unmute
Duration 
5:03
/
Current Time 
0:00
Advanced Settings
Fullscreen
Play
Rewind 10 Seconds
Up Next

Cleveland ended a streak of 11 losses in postseason elimination games dating to Game 6 of 1997 World Series after Emmanuel Clase retired got five outs for his third multi-inning save of the year.

“It’s win or go home,” Vogt said. “You want your best pitchers out there as long as possible.”

AL Cy Young Award favorite Tarik Skubal will start Game 5 for the Tigers on Saturday night in Cleveland.

“It’s always comforting to have Tarik Skubal on the mound,” Detroit manager A.J. Hinch said.

The winner advances to the AL Championship Series against the Yankees in New York starting Monday.

“We’re still one win away,” Detroit first baseman Spencer Torkeslon said. "That’s the mindset. We don’t want it easy. We knew it wasn’t going to be easy.

Fry said the Guardians’ resilience was no surprise.

“We’ve shown that all year long, that’s who these guys are,” he said. “We have a bunch of tough dudes. We get down 2-1 and we’re in the locker room like it’s just another day. We show up ready to play to try and get a win. And let’s go win Game 5.”

On the verge of reaching the ALCS for the first time since 2013, the Tigers overcame a 2-1 deficit when Zach McKinstry homered in the fifth off Tanner Bibee and Wenceel Pérez hit a run-scoring single in the sixth.

Steven Kwan singled off Sean Guenther with two outs in the seventh.

Beau Brieske had pitched scoreless ball for 5 1/3 innings over four postseason appearances before Fry, batting for Kyle Manzardo, drove a fastball off an advertising sign between the two bullpens in left for the second pinch-homer in Cleveland postseason history after Hank Majeski in Game 4 of the 1954 World Series.

Fry hit the fourth go-ahead pinch home run in postseason history when trailing in seventh inning or later after the Los Angeles Dodgers’ Kirk Gibson in the 1988 World Series, Toronto’s Ed Sprague in the 1992 World Series and Atlanta’s Eric Hinske in the 2010 NL Division Series

That quieted 44,923 fans who set a playoff attendance record for the second straight day at 25-year-old Comerica Park.

“Such a great baseball game,” Vogt said.

Clase preserved a 4-3 lead in the eighth when he escaped a second-and-third jam by striking out Trey Sweeney on a 100.9 mph cutter as the batter’s helmet came off.

Brayan Rocchio and Kwan hit one-out singles in the ninth and Fry bunted back to reliever Will Vest. Rocchio slid home headfirst to beat Vest's backhand flip, boosting the lead to 5-3.

That proved to be important.

Pinch-hitter Justyn-Henry Malloy doubled leading off the ninth, advanced on Parker Meadows’ groundout and scored on Jace Jung’s groundout.

Clase, who gave up Kerry Carpenter’s three-run homer in the ninth inning of the 3-0 loss in Game 2, struck out Matt Vierling, who couldn’t check his swing on a low and outside cutter.

“I was really excited to get to the mound, especially getting the trust back from the manager to get me in that role and that responsibility,” Clase said through an interpreter.

Lane Thomas ended the Guardians’ 20-inning scoreless streak with a two-out RBI single in the first off Reese Olson, who did not allow a run in the first inning of 22 regular-season starts

Sweeney hit a sacrifice fly in the second and José Ramírez put Cleveland ahead with a fifth-inning homere off Tyler Holton, ending an 0-for-10 skid.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Carpenter injured his left hamstring when he scored in the sixth and was pinch hit for in the seventh.

“It’s concerning, but I’m going to hold off any thoughts until the doctors give me an update and he gets imaging and all the things that we need to do prior to Saturday,” Hinch said.

UP NEXT

LHP Matthew Boyd may start Game 5 for the Guardians, whose last Game 5 was a loss to the Yankees in the 2022 ALCS. Vogt said the team will make that decision Friday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Click here to take a moment and familiarize yourself with our Community Guidelines.

Marketplace
Sell Your Items - Free to List
Visit Full Marketplace

Mackie CR2-X-CUBE Compact Desktop Computer Studio Monitor Sp...

$149

LIBBY B. | sellwild.com

2007 Ford F-150 XLT

$7,500

GUNNAR E. | sellwild.com

Powered by

My Favorites
Cats or dogs?
Cats
Dogs
Other
None

FEATURED MIPICS
Sister Darlene Schoenherr

Go Get 'Em Detroit Lions. ROAR! Song feliciansistersna.org

 Write A Comment..
Lori Hannon

Detroit has GRIT!

 Write A Comment..

Recommended Videos

1
/
5
Metro Detroit weather forecast Jan. 9, 2025 -- 6 a.m. Update
Read More
Play Video
TOP ARTICLES
CLICK ON DEALS
Here's how to get fabulous items to make life around the house easier, more organized and tidy — all while saving big.
Save big on home organization and comfort with these Insider Deals
Read full article: Save big on home organization and comfort with these Insider Deals
Make 2025 the year of budget-friendly, one-stop shopping by joining Sam's Club
Make 2025 the year of budget-friendly, one-stop shopping by joining Sam’s Club
Read full article: Make 2025 the year of budget-friendly, one-stop shopping by joining Sam’s Club

TV Listings

Email Newsletters

RSS Feeds

Contests and Rules

Contact Us

Careers at WDIV

Closed Captioning / Audio Description

Public File

Current EEO Report

Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Do Not Sell My Info

FCC Applications

Cookie Preferences

FOLLOW US
Visit our YouTube page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Facebook page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Instagram page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our X page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our RSS Feed page (opens in a new tab)
GET RESULTS WITH OMNE

If you need help with the Public File, call (313) 222-0556.

At WDIV, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.

Copyright © 2025 ClickOnDetroit.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.clickondetroit.com/sports/2024/10/11/frys-2-run-homer-squeeze-bunt-lead-guardians-over-tigers-5-4-win-and-force-alds-game-5/ 
 ----- 
