MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL
Yankees return to ALCS with 3-1 win over Royals behind Gerrit Cole's gem
Published Oct. 10, 2024 11:20 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK

Gerrit Cole pitched like a postseason ace Thursday night, holding the Kansas City Royals to a single run over seven innings and sending the New York Yankees to a 3-1 victory that put them back in the American League Championship Series for the record 19th time in franchise history, and the fourth time in the past eight years.

The six-time All-Star scattered six hits and struck out four before handing the ball to the New York bullpen, which dominated a tense American League Division Series. Clay Holmes tossed a perfect eighth inning and Luke Weaver breezed through the ninth, extending the scoreless streak by Yankees relievers to 15 2/3 innings this postseason.

Aaron Judge makes catch to secure final out, helping Yankees eliminate Royals and advance to ALCS

New York will play Cleveland or Detroit in the ALCS starting Monday night at Yankee Stadium. The Guardians forced a winner-take all Game 5 with a win over the Tigers on Thursday, and that game will take place Saturday.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Juan Soto, Gleyber Torres and Game 3 star Giancarlo Stanton drove in runs for the Yankees, who fittingly clinched the series on the road. They won 50 games away from home in the regular season, their most in 21 years.

Michael Wacha failed to get through five innings for Kansas City, allowing two runs, six hits and a walk. He didn't get much help from a long-scuffling offense that managed just five runs total over the final three games of the series.

GM 4 NYY WINS 3-1
New York
Yankees
3
FINAL
1
Kansas City
Royals
NYY -154 UNDER 8

Still, it was a remarkable turnaround for a club that went from 106-loss laughingstock a year ago to making its first postseason appearance since winning the 2015 World Series. And with young stars such as Bobby Witt Jr. signed to long-term deals, there is hope in Kansas City that this was a beginning rather than an ending.

New York set the tone from the start, pouncing on Wacha like it did in the series opener. Torres hit the veteran right-hander's first pitch of the game for a double, and Soto followed with an RBI single on just the third pitch of the night.

Get a taste of Oregon’s unique flavors
From Dungeness crab to fresh oysters, berry picking to lavender snipping, take a self-guided road trip along Oregon’s Food Trails.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.
No Credit Card Interest Until 2026?...
Save money with a 0% intro APR credit card for up to 18...
NerdWallet|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

Anthony Volpe kept on the pressure with his single in the fifth. And after Alex Verdugo grounded into a forceout and Jon Berti singled to put runners on the corners, Torres lined a two-out single to make it 2-0 and put an end to Wacha's night.

Meanwhile, Cole only seemed to get stronger as he clicked off innings.

The reigning Cy Young Award winner retired his first six batters, worked around a leadoff single in the third and retired eight more before Tommy Pham's single in the fifth. Cole promptly struck out Kyle Isbel on three pitches to end that inning.

Stanton, who hit the go-ahead homer in the eighth inning in Game 3, extended the lead to 3-0 with his single in the sixth.

Tensions that had simmered all night — and all series, after Yankees third baseman Jazz Chisholm called the Royals' Game 2 win "lucky" — finally boiled over in the sixth. Volpe slapped a hard tag on Maikel Garcia at second base to complete a double play, and the Royals third baseman took umbrage with it. Players spilled out of both dugouts before order was restored.

The near-fracas nearly ignited Kansas City, too. Witt, who had been 1 for 15 in the series, followed with a base hit and Vinnie Pasquantino — who'd been 0 for 14 — had an RBI double. But with the sellout crowd of 39,012 in Kauffman Stadium whipped into a sudden frenzy, Cole got Salvador Perez to pop out lazily to second base to end the inning.

Cole's night ended after he got Isbel to fly out to the warning track with a runner aboard to end the seventh, a deep shot to right field that would have been a tying homer had it been hit to that part of Yankee Stadium.

New York's bullpen did the rest.

Reporting by The Associated Press.

[Want great stories delivered right to your inbox? Create or log in to your FOX Sports account, follow leagues, teams and players to receive a personalized newsletter daily.]

SHARE
MLB TRENDING
Justin Verlander joining Giants on $15 million deal for his 20th season
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Justin Verlander signs with Giants
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
VIEW MORE
Get more from Major League Baseball
Follow your favorites to get information about games, news and more
IN THIS TOPIC
New York Yankees
Gerrit Cole
Major League Baseball
Kansas City Royals
Michael Wacha
Giancarlo Stanton
Gleyber Torres
Juan Soto
Luke Weaver
Clay Holmes
Gerrit Cole
New York Yankees
Kansas City Royals
MLB - New York Yankees vs. Kansas City Royals - 10/11/2024
SPONSORED CONTENT
Here's Why People Wash New Clothes (Avoid This Mistake)
Earth Breeze
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Nevada Drivers Are Furious After Discovering Hidden Discounts...
The Sneaky Way Drivers Are Cutting Their Car Insurance Bills in Half
Penny Pincher
|
Sponsored
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing...
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
Never Wear New Clothes Before Washing, Here's Why
Earth Breeze
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Here's an Estimated Price for a 1-Day Walk-in Shower
HomeBuddy
|
Sponsored
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing...
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
Finally Legal: It's like a Norco for Chronic Joint & Back Pain
Natures Healing Relief
|
Sponsored
Experience Oregon with Our Local Guides
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert...
Travel Oregon
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Finally Legal: It's like a Vaccine for Chronic Joint & Back Pain
Natures Healing Relief
|
Sponsored
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
|
Sponsored
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/stories/mlb/gerrit-cole-tosses-playoff-gem-shutting-down-royals-and-sending-yankees-back-to-alcs-with-31-win 
 ----- 
