SKIP TO CONTENT
SKIP TO SITE INDEX
SEARCH & SECTION NAVIGATION
SUBSCRIBE FOR $0.25/WEEK

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
OPINION

NICHOLAS KRISTOF

The Things We Disagree on About Gaza
Jan. 13, 2024
Gaza City
Credit...
Mohammed Hajjar/Associated Press
Share full article
1.6K

By Nicholas Kristof

Opinion Columnist

Want to stay updated on what’s happening in Israel and the West Bank and Gaza Strip? Sign up for Your Places: Global Update, and we’ll send our latest coverage to your inbox.

I’ve been very critical of Israel’s counterattack on Gaza, which appears to have killed a woman or child about once every eight minutes for the past three months. Many of my readers and friends disagree with these columns and are pained by what they see as my unfairness toward Israel.

Too often, opinionated people bypass the most compelling arguments on the other side. Let me instead try to confront head-on the kinds of criticism I’ve received:

Israel was attacked. Children were butchered. Women were raped. So why are you criticizing Israel rather than the Hamas terrorists who started this war?

That’s a fair question. Yes, Hamas started this war with its brutal attack on civilians, and it has been indifferent to Palestinian lives. As someone who has reported regularly from Gaza over the years, I’m aghast at the admiration some American leftists show for an organization as cruel, misogynistic and economically incompetent as Hamas; it’s an echo of the left’s appalling admiration for Mao a half-century ago.

Israel was understandably shattered by what happened on Oct. 7, and I appreciate that trauma and share that sadness. But Hamas’s indifference to human life must never be an excuse for us to become indifferent. It’s too late to save those massacred on Oct. 7, but we can still try to reduce the toll in Gaza this month and this year.

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

I’m also aware that my tax dollars have helped underwrite the bombings that have ended up killing and maiming children in Gaza — the world’s most dangerous place to be a child, according to UNICEF — and this American complicity creates its own moral responsibility to speak out.

What do you expect Israel, or any country, to do after such a barbaric attack? It’s tragic how many Palestinian civilians have died, but what could Israel possibly do but hit back?

Subscribe to The Times to read as many articles as you like.

Nicholas Kristof became a columnist for The Times Opinion desk in 2001. He has won two Pulitzer Prizes, for his coverage of China and of the genocide in Darfur. @NickKristof

A version of this article appears in print on Jan. 14, 2024, Section SR, Page 3 of the New York edition with the headline: The Things We Disagree On About Gaza. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
READ 1629 COMMENTS
Share full article
1.6K

ADVERTISEMENT

SKIP ADVERTISEMENT
Site Index
Site Information Navigation
© 2025 The New York Times Company
NYTCoContact UsAccessibilityWork with usAdvertiseT Brand StudioYour Ad ChoicesPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptions

Enjoy unlimited access to all of The Times.

See subscription options

We’ve updated our terms

We encourage you to review our updated Terms of Sale, Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy. By continuing, you agree to the updated Terms listed here.

Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/13/opinion/israel-gaza-war.html 
 ----- 
