NBA
Cleveland Cavaliers
Cavs players open up about former head coach J.B. Bickerstaff

Several Cavs players looked back on their time with former head coach J.B. Bickerstaff.

By 

Evan Dammarell

Oct 17, 2024 at 10:23 AM ET

NBA preseason action usually serves as a tune-up for the regular season. However, it carried a little extra meaning when the Detroit Pistons hosted the Cleveland Cavaliers.

Sure, it was the first meeting between Cleveland and Detroit, longstanding Central Division rivals. But it was also the first time that Donovan Mitchell, Darius Garland, and the Cavs would face their former head coach, J.B. Bickerstaff, who is now running the show for the Pistons.

Hired initially as an assistant before the 2019-20 season, Bickerstaff took over for the out-of-place John Beilein midway through, leading Cleveland to a 5-6 record and quickly agreeing to a multiyear contract.

During his run, Bickerstaff helped guide the franchise through a challenging rebuild. Along the way, he instilled a playoff-level culture through a defense-first identity and helped turn the Cavs into a contender.

“J.B. gave me the keys to the car,” Garland said. “He put me in this position I’m at now. He believed in me. He trusted me. We started winning when he became head coach. The word that comes to mind is trendsetter. The two bigs that we started playing with. Minnesota is doing it. Detroit is doing it. We’re still doing it here. It was a culture change. I’m proud of him. That’s my guy.”

Each year under Bickerstaff’s watch, the Cavs improved and advanced. Bickerstaff capped his coaching run with the team’s first LeBron James-less postseason series win in more than 30 years.

However, despite advancing to the conference semifinals, the Cavs were ousted by Boston 4-1. Soon after, team decision-makers reassessed Bickerstaff’s future and determined it best to go in a different direction. Following a lengthy coaching search, the Cavs tabbed Kenny Atkinson as Bickerstaff’s replacement.

What was J.B. Bickerstaff's legacy with the Cavs?
Ken Blaze-Imagn Images
Related Cleveland Cavaliers News
Article continues below
Thunder-Cavs battle draws positive NBA ratings shift
11h
All the teams vibing to Liangelo Ball’s viral song Tweaker right now
11h
Cavs’ depth remains their greatest strength in latest winning streak
12h
Cavs player who must be traded soon
17h

“We accomplished some goals,” Mitchell said. “I think, obviously, we’re judged on championships. We didn’t win one, but we showed growth, and obviously, his tenure started before I got here, so you look at the growth of the guys around here.

“Evan (Mobley), D.G. (Darius Garland), Isaac (Okoro), Dean (Wade) — he did a phenomenal job here, and I have no doubt he’ll continue that in Detroit.”

Despite the team's offensive warts during his time with the Cavs, Bickerstaff still deserves credit for helping grow and develop this team into what it is today. He'll go down as the fifth-longest tenure in Cavs coaching history, appearing in 346 games at the helm.

His 176-170 record between the regular season and playoffs also keeps him in the top 10 all-time in winning percentage for Cleveland coaches.

All in all, Bickerstaff was given an untenable task: leading a rebuilding team picking up the pieces of LeBron James's latest departure. Nevertheless, he kept his nose close to the grindstone, building the Cavs into what they have become today.

“He took a team that … we weren’t the same team when he left … and he came in and changed the system,” big man Jarrett Allen said. “He brought us to a higher place than where we started.”

When this preseason tilt began, Bickerstaff was in blue and red, not wine and gold. Atkinson was instead coaching the Cavs. It's a weird, dynamic shift from where Cleveland once was. It's clear that Bickerstaff's legacy with the Cavs still endures.

Evan Dammarell is an award-winning sports journalist covering the Cleveland Cavaliers for ClutchPoints. Evan has bylines at Right Down Euclid, Forbes and SB Nation.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Heat trade proposal lands De’Aaron Fox in Kings blockbuster
3 days ago
The perfect Nuggets-Heat trade that pairs Jimmy Butler with Nikola Jokic
1 day ago
10 best players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
2 days ago
10 worst players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
10 most overrated players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
3 weeks ago
2025 NBA All-Star predictions: Victor Wembanyama, Cade Cunningham earn first nods
3 days ago
Siegel’s Scoop: Why Jimmy Butler’s future doesn’t control trade deadline
12 hours ago
Charles Barkley did not stutter about ‘best team in the NBA’
2 days ago
NBA rumors: Heat’s Jimmy Butler trade offers ‘stink’
3 days ago
Meet Abiodun Adegoke, the tallest man to ever play basketball
13 hours ago
Richard Jefferson blasts Charles Barkley for doing a bad job ‘selling’ the NBA
1 day ago
Darius Garland
Donovan Mitchell
JB Bickerstaff
NBA Preseason
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/cavs-news-cleveland-players-open-up-about-j-b-bickerstaff 
 ----- 
