Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Detroit Pistons Reportedly Release 4-Year NBA Player After Cavs Game
According to Michael Scotto of HoopsHype, the Detroit Pistons will waive Lamar Stevens.
Ben Stinar | Oct 17, 2024
Mar 2, 2024; Memphis, Tennessee, USA; Memphis Grizzlies forward Lamar Stevens (24) dunks during the second half against the Portland Trail Blazers at FedExForum. Mandatory Credit: Petre Thomas-Imagn Images / Petre Thomas-Imagn Images

Lamar Stevens spent last season playing for the Boston Celtics and Memphis Grizzlies.

He finished the year with averages of 7.2 points and 3.3 rebounds per contest while shooting 45.0% from the field and 30.4% from the three-point range in 38 games (three starts).

Over the offseason, Stevens signed a deal with the Detroit Pistons, but Michael Scotto of HoopsHype reports that he has been waived.

Via Scotto: "The Detroit Pistons have waived Lamar Stevens, league sources told @hoopshype. The 27-year-old forward has averaged 5.7 points in four NBA seasons."

Stevens had an excllent college career at Penn State.

After going undrafted in 2020, he has spent part of four seasons with the Cavs, Celtics and Grizzlies.

His career averages are 5.7 points and 2.9 rebounds per contest while shooting 46.3% from the field and 28.6% from the three-point range in 203 regular season games.

He has also appeared in two NBA playoff games with the Cavs.

Oct 16, 2024; Detroit, Michigan, USA; Detroit Pistons guard Lamar Stevens (18) shoots the ball over Cleveland Cavaliers forward JT Thor (15) in the third quarter at Little Caesars Arena. Mandatory Credit: Lon Horwedel-Imagn Images / Lon Horwedel-Imagn Images

Stevens is a talented player who is just 27, so he could end up drawing interest from teams around the league during the season.

The Pistons finished the preseason with a 3-2 record in five games.

They most recently beat the Cleveland Cavaliers by a score of 108-92.

Oct 16, 2024; Detroit, Michigan, USA; Detroit Pistons guard Lamar Stevens (18) drives past Cleveland Cavaliers guard Luke Travers (33) in the third quarter at Little Caesars Arena. Mandatory Credit: Lon Horwedel-Imagn Images / Lon Horwedel-Imagn Images

The Pistons will play their first game of the 2024-25 NBA regular season on October 23 when they host Tyrese Haliburton and the Indiana Pacers in Detroit, Michigan.

They are coming off a tough season where they missed the NBA playoffs for the fifth straight year.

Published Oct 17, 2024|Modified Oct 17, 2024
BEN STINAR

Ben Stinar is the NBA reporter for Fastbreak on FanNation.

Follow @BenStinar

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/nba/fastbreak/detroit-pistons-reportedly-release-4-year-nba-player-after-cavs-game-lamar-stevens 
 ----- 
