Skip to main content
Troy Nunes Is An Absolute Magician homepage
NUNES MAGICIAN
a Syracuse Orange community
Follow Troy Nunes Is An Absolute Magician online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Troy Nunes Is An Absolute Magician main menu
FANPOSTS
SHOP
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

SYRACUSE MEN'S BASKETBALL
Syracuse men’s basketball: Orange alums Buddy Boeheim, Elijah Hughes sign new NBA deals

Boeheim and Hughes each received Exhibit 10 contracts.

By Dominic Chiappone  Oct 17, 2024, 12:00pm EDT  0 Comments / 0 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Photo by Adam Hagy/NBAE via Getty Images
Dominic Chiappone is a proud graduate of Syracuse University who covers men's and women's basketball plus football for NunesMagician.com.

Two well-known Syracuse Orange men’s basketball alumni earned new NBA contracts as each looks to carve out a future in the league.

Former Syracuse guard Buddy Boeheim and former swingman Elijah Hughes both signed Exhibit 10 contracts on Wednesday. Boeheim signed with the Oklahoma City Thunder while Hughes secured a deal with the Cleveland Cavaliers. Sports Illustrated’ s Rylan Stiles and Senior NBA Insider Chris Haynes were the first to report on the new deals for Hughes and Boeheim, respectively.

The NBA’s Exhibit 10 contract includes a one-year, non-guaranteed minimum salary. That could be converted into a two-way deal, which would allow either Boeheim or Hughes to stay under contract between their teams and corresponding G-League affiliates, according to the NBA’s most updated Collective Bargaining Agreement.

After one year at East Carolina, Hughes played two seasons for the Orange (2019-20) and performed as an All-ACC first team-caliber player by his junior year. He averaged 16.3 points, 4.6 rebounds, 2.4 assists and 1.2 steals per game in 66 games for Syracuse.

Hughes was selected No. 39 overall in the 2020 NBA Draft, the last time a Syracuse player has even been picked in the draft.

Since then, Hughes has bounced around the league. The New Orleans Pelicans, who initially drafted Hughes, traded his rights to the Utah Jazz. He played 18 games for the Jazz in 2020-21, then was part of a three-team deal that sent him to the Portland Trail Blazers in 2022.

Hughes has averaged 2.9 points, 1.2 rebounds and 0.5 assists per game in 54 career games.

Similar, Boeheim’s tenure with the Orange began slowly before he emerged as an All-ACC first-teamer in 2022. He averaged 19.2 points, 3.4 rebounds, 3.1 assists and 1.5 steals per game.

Boeheim went undrafted in 2022 but bounced around between the Detroit Pistons and their G-League affiliate (the Motor City Cruise) up until this past season. He previously signed an Exhibit 10 contract with the Thunder in July.

Boeheim has averaged 2.5 points, 1.0 rebounds and 0.3 assists in 20 career games through two seasons.

Both Hughes and Boeheim will be joining several other familiar Orange alum in the pros. Former forward Cole Swider signed a one-year, non-guaranteed deal with the Indiana Pacers during the summer. The Minnesota Timberwolves picked up former center Jesse Edwards on a two-way contract. Most recently, former guard Judah Mintz secured a similar contract as Hughes and Boeheim with the Philadelphia 76ers.

Two other former, older alum to monitor: forward Jerami Grant is currently in year two of a five-year, $160 million contract he signed with Portland, while forward Oshae Brissett remains a free agent after being on the roster of the champion Boston Celtics.

NEXT UP IN SYRACUSE MEN'S BASKETBALL
Syracuse men’s basketball: predictions and poll vs Boston College
Syracuse men’s basketball: can a gifted bomber jacket spark an Orange winning streak?
Syracuse men’s basketball: what to watch for vs Boston College
Syracuse men’s basketball: JJ Starling closes out win for the Orange
Syracuse Reacts results: Orange fans optimism varies this week
Syracuse men’s basketball: Takeaways from Syracuse’s first ACC win over Georgia Tech
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nunesmagician.com/2024/10/17/24272325/syracuse-orange-mens-basketball-buddy-boeheim-elijah-hughes-sign-new-nba-deals-thunder-cavaliers 
 ----- 
