Skip to main content
Fear The Sword homepage
a Cleveland Cavaliers community
Follow Fear The Sword online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Fear The Sword main menu
FANPOSTS
ABOUT
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

CUP OF CAVS
Cup of Cavs: Jarrett Allen, player of the game in loss to Pistons

Cavs news and links for Thursday, Oct. 17.

By Jackson Flickinger  Oct 17, 2024, 4:00am CDT  0 Comments / 0 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options
Jackson Flickinger is a lawyer who's been blogging about the Cavs for a decade (including as a member of the credentialed local media) and the editor-in-chief of Fear the Sword.

The Cleveland Cavaliers didn’t put together a complete performance in their preseason loss to the Detroit Pistons. There was, however, one player that stood out.

Jarrett Allen - Player of the Game

It wasn’t difficult to single out Jarrett Allen as the player of the game on Wednesday. He led the Cavs in scoring with 19 on 7-9 shooting while also providing 8 boards, an assist, a steal, and a block in 26 and a half minutes of play.

Allen anchored the Cavs’ best stretch of basketball that came when he shared the floor with Donovan Mitchell, Isaac Okoro, and Dean Wade. Last season, that grouping posted a 15.1 net rating in 623 possessions they shared the floor together.

We saw why that was the case as this unit was once again phenomenal defensively with Okoro on the perimeter while Wade and Allen patrolled the backline. Allen also had the proper spacing to showcase how talented he is offensively.

This play is a good example of that. The extra room allowed Allen to easily operate at the three-point lane without too many defenders clogging the paint. Ty Jerome showed that he was going for a dribble hand half, but then cut to the basket. Allen’s defender leaves to stop the pass and Allen takes the daylight to get inside and force the foul.

Kenny Atkinson has talked about how the best offenses play through their bigs. Most of the time its in the context of Evan Mobley, but the same can be true for Allen when he’s on the floor as the lone big. Using him as a hub at the top of the key is something I assume we’ll continue to see more of.

Aside from that, Allen also did show this Euro step which isn’t something I remember seeing from him.

It was a good showing from Allen. Atkinson’s next challenge will be figuring out if he can get this version of Allen alongside the other members of the core four.

Watch this

This game-winner from Sabrina Ionescu was absolutely ridiculous considering the moment and how deep it was. You’d be hard-pressed to find many bigger shots.

NBA preseason schedule
Charlotte Hornets vs. Indiana Pacers - 7 PM
Milwaukee Bucks vs. Dallas Mavericks - 7:30, TNT
San Antonio Spurs vs. Houston Rockets - 8 PM
Atlanta Hawks vs. Oklahoma City Thunder - 8 PM
Denver Nuggets vs. Minnesota Timberwolves - 8 PM
Los Angeles Lakers vs. Phoenix Suns - 10 PM, TNT
Sacramento Kings vs. Los Angeles Clippers - 10:30 PM
Links of the day
The Ringer top 100
Kenny Atkinson will have his work cut out for him
Which teams will have the best and worst offenses?
Five breakout candidates who will make significant leaps

MORE FROM FEAR THE SWORD
Cavs vs. Thunder ratings prove that fans prefer games over narratives
Cavs incredible offense allows them to win games they deserve to lose
Player Grades - Cavs vs Raptors
Darius Garland’s late-game heroics lift Cavs in sloppy 132-126 win over Raptors
Darius Garland moves up NBA All-Star voting list
Donovan Mitchell will not play against Toronto
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.fearthesword.com/2024/10/17/24272367/cup-of-cavs-jarrett-allen-detroit-pistons-cleveland-cavaliers-nba-kenny-atkinson 
 ----- 
