Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
Detroit Pistons 2024-25 season preview: Is this still the worst team in the NBA?
Ben Rohrbach
Senior writer
Thu, Oct 17, 2024·5 min read
24
(Amber Matsumoto/Yahoo Sports Illustration)

The 2024-25 NBA season is here! We're breaking down the biggest questions, best- and worst-case scenarios, and fantasy outlooks for all 30 teams. Enjoy!

DETROIT PISTONS
2023-24 finish

Record: 14-68 (failed to make the playoffs)

Offensive rating: 109 (27th)

Defensive rating: 118 (25th)

Offseason moves

Additions: Head coach J.B. Bickerstaff, Tobias Harris, Tim Hardaway Jr., Malik Beasley, Paul Reed, Ron Holland, Wendell Moore Jr., Bobi Klintman

Subtractions: Quentin Grimes, James Wiseman, Evan Fournier, Troy Brown Jr., Malachi Flynn, Stanley Umude, Taj Gibson, Chimezie Metu

Complete roster

Here's everything you need to know for the 2024-25 NBA season. (Henry Russell/Yahoo Sports Illustration)
The Big Question: Is Cade Cunningham worth building around?

We are three years into former No. 1 overall pick Cade Cunningham's career, and we are no closer to answering the question: Is he a foundational star? He has shown glimpses of greatness. He finished third behind Scottie Barnes and Evan Mobley in 2022 Rookie of the Year voting. He returned from a shin injury, which cost him all but 12 games of his sophomore campaign, to average a 23-4-8 per game last season.

It was encouraging to see Cunningham play as hard as he did last season, even as his Detroit Pistons lost an NBA-record 28 consecutive games and finished with a bottom-five record for the fifth straight season.

Those finishes yielded a string of lottery picks, including Cunningham. Killian Hayes was a bust. Jaden Ivey might be good, though the previous head coach did not believe in him. Ausar Thompson shot 18.6% from deep last season. Ron Holland was considered a reach as the No. 5 overall pick in this year's draft.

In theory, Ivey, Thompson and Holland should complement Cunningham. They are a collection of electric athleticism. Ivey could be an explosive secondary creator as Cunningham's backcourt partner. Holland might be a bucket-getter on the wing, where Thompson has been willing to do anything else. Jalen Duren, the No. 13 overall pick in 2022, has shown as much promise at center as any of them at their positions.

In practice, none of them is ready to push the organization forward. So the Pistons added Tobias Harris, Tim Hardaway Jr. and Malik Beasley over the summer. They are not the bones of a great team, but they should be good enough to definitively answer this question: Can Cunningham elevate their level of play?

Harris, Hardaway and Beasley have all enjoyed productive seasons in the space created by superstars. They are capable NBA players, something that was in short order for Detroit last season. At least when Cunningham drives into traffic he can trust that someone is capable of making a shot on his kick-out.

Cunningham has all the tools. He is a 6-foot-6, 220-pound point guard. He has the vision and the size to create against any defense. He shot 40% from distance in college. And he plays with the deliberate pace of a high-usage superstar. He just has not been an efficient offensive hub. But he has always had excuses. Nobody expected him to elevate the hodgepodge of prospects the front office put around him.

Those excuses are gone. No one thinks he will turn this group into a playoff threat, either, but can Cunningham promote some level of competency with this offense? Can he meet Harris, Hardaway and Beasley at a baseline of mediocrity? Can he give the front office reason to believe that — if there is greatness in Ivey, Thompson and Holland — Cunningham will expedite it and meet them at their level?

The Pistons might as well find out now, since Cunningham's $224 million max contract comes due in July.

Best-case scenario

The Pistons are in a catch-22. They owe a top-13 protected pick to the Minnesota Timberwolves. This pick's protections began in 2021; they will remain until a) Detroit is not terrible or b) 2027. But the Pistons have been so bad for so long that they cannot possibly endure three more years of this, right? Imagine if the No. 1 pick spends the entirety of his rookie contract on a team bound for nowhere. The Pistons have to be better, collectively, and that starts with Cunningham. On the bright side, they can show some progress, still finish with a bottom-13 record and keep the pick, but at least they will have showed us something.

More NBA news
Lakers' and Clippers' Saturday games postponed due to Los Angeles wildfires
Magic's Paolo Banchero scores 34 points in return after missing 34 games with oblique injury
Lakers coach JJ Redick emotionally recounts losing home to wildfires: 'It is complete devastation'
If everything falls apart

Cunningham is not the answer. Neither is Ivey, Thompson nor Holland. The Pistons emerge from five seasons at the bottom of the standings to the same hellscape they were in before, when they spent a handful of top-10 picks on Greg Monroe, Brandon Knight, Andre Drummond, Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and Stanley Johnson, only to top out as an eighth seed that could not win a playoff game. Rinse, repeat.

Fantasy spin

Cunningham is one of my favorite picks in the third round this season. If his preseason is any indication of what to expect, fantasy managers are in for a productive year from the fourth-year guard. Cunningham is averaging 14.8 points, 5.2 rebounds and 7.5 assists with just two turnovers in 24 minutes this preseason. The stocks and 3s will come, but it's time to board the MotorCade.

Duren is a big man to target in the fifth round of drafts. He is one of four players in NBA history to average at least 13 points and 11 rebounds per game before turning 21. He'll finish among the leaders in double-doubles and a bump in stocks will push him inside the top 50 in fantasy this year. Harris continues to be a boring pick but remains consistent in fantasy. He finished in the top 65 in 10 consecutive seasons, yet his ADP is 67 — underrated as usual.

Thompson (illness) hasn't been cleared for contact yet, while Ivey put together one of the best preseasons in the league. That efficiency won't hold, but he's certainly worth a late-round flier with a modest ADP of 133. — Dan Titus

2024-25 schedule

Season opener: Oct. 23 vs. Pacers

Complete schedule

Over/under win total: 24.5

Take the under. It's the Pistons.

More season previews

East: Atlanta Hawks • Boston Celtics • Brooklyn Nets • Charlotte Hornets • Chicago Bulls • Cleveland Cavaliers • Detroit Pistons • Indiana Pacers • Miami Heat • Milwaukee Bucks • New York Knicks • Orlando Magic • Philadelphia 76ers • Toronto Raptors • Washington Wizards

West: Dallas Mavericks • Denver Nuggets • Golden State Warriors • Houston Rockets • Los Angeles Clippers • Los Angeles Lakers • Memphis Grizzlies • Minnesota Timberwolves • New Orleans Pelicans • Oklahoma City Thunder • Phoenix Suns • Portland Trail Blazers • Sacramento Kings • San Antonio Spurs • Utah Jazz

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Ohio State opens as 9.5-point favorite over Notre Dame in national title game

The Buckeyes and Fighting Irish will meet on Jan. 20 in Atlanta.

Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: The 5 key plays from Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will play Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Jack Sawyer's fumble return TD cements Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will meet Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

Yahoo Sports
Cotton Bowl score, results: Ohio State handles Texas, advances to title game

The title game is set.

Yahoo Sports
Nick Saban elected to 2025 College Football Hall of Fame class

Saban won seven college football national championships, six of them during a legendary run at Alabama.

Yahoo Sports
Inside a creative resource Sean McVay’s Rams could use to decode the Vikings

Los Angeles has a season-long strategy to practice responding to unpredictability, which Brian Flores' Vikings defense will certainly present.

Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

Yahoo Sports
Raiders clean house, NFL Wild Card Weekend preview & who could knock the Chiefs out? | Inside Coverage

Jason Fitz, Charles Robinson, and Frank Schwab talk about the Raiders cleaning house, the Rams-Vikings game being moved, preview other Wild Card Weekend matchups and discuss who might be able to knock out the Chiefs.

Yahoo Sports
NFL injury tracker, wild-card weekend: 'Business as usual' for Jordan Love, Ravens' Zay Flowers out, Jalen Hurts cleared

Here's everything you need to know injury-wise for wild-card weekend.

Yahoo Sports
CFP semifinal reactions: Did Notre Dame get LUCKY? and where it ALL went wrong for Penn State | College Football Power Hour

Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz & Adam Breneman react to this Orange Bowl ‘instant classic’ as Notre Dame defeats Penn State 27-24.

Yahoo Sports
2024 NFL All-Pro team announced, led by Lamar Jackson at QB

The Lions and Ravens led with four players each named first-team All-Pro.

Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports AM: The Irish fight on

In today's edition: Notre Dame wins Orange Bowl, ranking every Super Bowl matchup, the rise of Cade Cunningham, Australian Open preview, wild Ravens stat, and more.

Yahoo Sports
Browns, Jaguars, Jets to take part in 2025 NFL London Games

Madrid, Spain, and Berlin will also host NFL regular-season games in 2025.

Yahoo Sports
After another heartbreaking loss, will James Franklin and Penn State ever get over the hump?

Notre Dame is playing for a national title for the first time in 12 seasons, and Penn State has come up short yet again in a big-time matchup.

Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal

Mitch Jeter hit a 41-yard kick with seven seconds to go.

Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame QB Riley Leonard briefly leaves Orange Bowl win in second quarter

The back of Leonard's head appeared to hit the turf after he was hit.

Yahoo Sports
Notre Dame rallies to beat Penn State on last-minute field goal, advances to College Football Playoff national championship

Penn State threw an interception in the final minute to set up Notre Dame's winning kick.

Yahoo Sports
Wild Card deep dives: Stroud vs. Herbert, blueprint for Broncos & Rams & more | Football 301

In this absolutely packed episode of Football 301, Nate Tice and Charles McDonald break down every matchup heading into Wild Card weekend, offering insights into how playoff contenders are shaping up and which teams might be in trouble.

Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/detroit-pistons-2024-25-season-preview-is-this-still-the-worst-team-in-the-nba-140050956.html 
 ----- 
