Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
NBA Fans React to Pistons Coach’s Revenge Game vs. Cavaliers
JB Bickerstaff's Detroit Pistons defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday.
Justin Grasso | Oct 17, 2024
Oct 16, 2024; Detroit, Michigan, USA; Detroit Pistons head coach J.B Bickerstaff yells instructions to his players during their preseason game against the Cleveland Cavaliers in the second quarter at Little Caesars Arena. Mandatory Credit: Lon Horwedel-Imagn Images / Lon Horwedel-Imagn Images
In this story:
Detroit Pistons
Cleveland Cavaliers

At the start of the 2024 offseason, the Cleveland Cavaliers moved on from the head coach, JB Bickerstaff. His departure came after a second-round exit in the playoffs.

Bickerstaff hit the open market and entertained the Detroit Pistons, who were coming off of a 14-68 season. They might be on a much different timeline, but the Pistons are looking to turn the state of the franchise around. They hope Bickerstaff is the right guy to lead the charge.

Wednesday night’s preseason battle between the Cavs and the Pistons offered Bickerstaff his first opportunity to coach against his former team. It’s safe to say the Pistons went out of the preseason with a bang.

Bickerstaff’s Revenge

@EliBashiNBA: JB Bickerstaff beating the Cleveland starters with the Pistons second and third units 💀 He took being fired personally

@LJayy7: Preseason or pickup game on asphalt, JB Bickerstaff wants a win in this game

@CavsAgenda: JB Bickerstaff made sure to get this win tonight you got it big bro😂💯

@rockoutduke: Pistons fans gon love JB Bickerstaff

Bickerstaff didn’t have any plans to give Pistons starters a night off before the regular season begins. Being that it’s a new team playing in a new system, the head coach believed it would be beneficial to trot out everybody from Cade Cunningham to the roster hopefuls.

The Pistons took down the Cavaliers with a 108-92 victory. Bickerstaff gave his starters just eight minutes to get some work in before getting pulled for the rest of the night.

Cade Cunningham shot 2-3 from the field, scoring six points. He also had four assists and a steal on the defensive end of the floor.

Although Jaden Ivey’s been hot lately, he had a quiet outing at home on Wednesday. After putting up just one shot from the field, Ivey totaled two points. He tacked on two assists but turned it over twice, too.

On a bright note, the Pistons saw the best game from their veteran Simone Fontecchio off the bench.

Throughout the preseason, Fontecchio averaged eight points on 38 percent shooting from the field. On Wednesday, the forward hit his stride by putting up 18 points. He knocked down nearly half of his 11 three-pointers.

The Pistons closed out the preseason with a winning record. At 3-2, the record resets ahead of next week. The Pistons will face the Indiana Pacers for the regular season opener on Wednesday.

Published Oct 17, 2024
JUSTIN GRASSO

Follow JGrasso_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/pistons/news/nba-fans-react-pistons-coach-revenge-game-vs-cavaliers 
 ----- 
