NEWSLETTERS
NBA News
Home
Teams
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Oct 12, 2024; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Memphis Grizzlies center Zach Edey (14) goes to the basket against the Chicago Bulls during the first half at United Center. Mandatory Credit: David Banks-Imagn Images David Banks-Imagn Images
Grizzlies’ Rookie Sees Best Professional Game Yet Against Bulls
Originally posted on NBA Draft on SI  |  By Derek Parker  |  Last updated Oct 12, 2024 10:17 PM ET

Off the heels of a pair of underwhelming preseason performances, Grizzlies center Zach Edey saw the best professional game of his new career on Saturday night against the Chicago Bulls.

At 7-foot-4 with a towering frame, Edey was long thought of as nothing more than an excellent collegiate player, falling into the trope that many talented college bigs do. But in final season with the Purdue Boilermakers — one that yielded a national championship appearance — he earned real NBA Draft acclaim, eventually becoming the No. 9 pick at the hands of the Memphis Grizzlies.

The team’s nabbing of Edey made sense, as there’s a hole at the five spot that Edey fits well. So much so, that he’s projected to start alongside the team’s proven core of star Ja Morant, Desmond Bane and Jaren Jackson Jr.

Edey scored 16 points in his first two games combined, shooting just 2-for-8 in his second contest. In Saturday’s night’s game against the Bulls, the Canadian finally saw a game worthy of his illustrious collegiate resume.

In just 22 minutes, Edey stuffed the stat sheet with 15 points, eight rebounds, four assists and three blocks while finishing as a +7 in the starting lineup. He wasn’t flanked by the team’s starters, but still flowed fairly seamlessly within the offense.

His first strong pro performances couldn’t have come at a better time, as the team is set to kick off its 2024-25 regular season in just a few short weeks. Memphis next takes on the Pacers on Monday, Oct. 14. They’ll open their regular season against the Utah Jazz on Wednesday, Oct. 23.




This article first appeared on NBA Draft on SI and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Jimmy Butler takes apparent shot at Heat in video
Big viewership for Cavs-Thunder should quiet NBA ratings talk
The '2024 NBA All-Stars' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NBA
Los Angeles Lakers Make Intriguing Roster Move
NBA
Zion Williamson gets suspended after playing a single game
NBA
Chicago Bulls: A mock 4-team trade has been released that involves…
NBA
Former first-round pick makes case for NBA return with strong G…

Less than a year ago, Malachi Flynn etched his name into NBA history with a remarkable 50-point performance, tying him for the second-highest point total ever scored by a player coming off the bench. Fast forward to today, the 26-year-old guard finds himself out of the league entirely, battling to reignite his professional basketball career in the G League. Flynn, selected 29th overall in the 2020 NBA Draft by the Toronto Raptors, initially showed promise as a reliable contributor off the bench. Despite multiple G League assignments during his time in Toronto, he built a reputation as a capable backup guard. However, his career took a turn when he was traded to the New York Knicks in December 2023 as part of a blockbuster deal involving O.G. Anunoby and RJ Barrett. Flynn’s stint in New York was short-lived, as he was subsequently dealt to the Detroit Pistons a few months later. Following his release from Detroit, his NBA future became uncertain. This past offseason, Flynn signed a training camp deal with the San Antonio Spurs, hoping to secure a spot on their opening-day roster. Despite his efforts, he was waived before the season began and subsequently joined the Spurs' G League affiliate, the Austin Spurs. In Austin, he has been making the most of his opportunity. Through 13 games, the 6-foot-1 guard is averaging 21.2 points, 3.6 rebounds, 4.2 assists and 1.8 steals per game. Flynn kicked off the season with an explosive 35-point outing on Nov. 8, adding seven assists and four steals while connecting on six three-pointers. His 37 made threes during the G League’s Tip-Off Tournament ranked 25th in the league, highlighting his offensive capabilities. The former NBA guard's strong G League production positions him as a prime candidate for an NBA call-up. As the season progresses, teams outside of playoff contention often turn to 10-day contracts to evaluate talent for the future. Flynn’s G League contract allows him the flexibility to sign with any NBA team, not just the Spurs, increasing his chances of a return to the big stage. Throughout his career, Flynn has faced challenges with consistency and playing time. His historic 50-point game was followed by a dismal three-point performance on 0-for-12 shooting, epitomizing the fluctuations that have defined his journey. Combined with the instability caused by trades and roster moves, these inconsistencies have hindered his ability to solidify a role in the league. Yet, Flynn remains undeterred. With his sights set on returning to the NBA, he continues to sharpen his skills and prove his worth in the G League, determined to achieve the stability and impact he’s long sought in his professional career.

NBA
Kevin Huerter's time with the Kings has run its course
The greatest high school basketball teams of all time (non-prep school)
MLB
Pete Alonso reportedly makes offer to Mets
NBA
Denver Nuggets Make Jamal Murray Injury Announcement vs…
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys react to Cooper Rush's parting message after…
NHL
Ex-NHL defenseman calls Matt Rempe the worst player in the…
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?
20 cities that should be considered next for NBA teams
NHL
Canucks GM confirms Elias Pettersson news
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
College Football
Urban Meyer Doesn't Hold Back Thoughts On James Franklin's…

James Franklin's aggressive coaching cost Penn State a trip to the national title game. During an appearance on FS1's "The Herd" this Friday, former Ohio State coach Urban Meyer offered his thoughts on the Orange Bowl. With less than a minute remaining, Nicholas Singleton had a 13-yard run for Penn State. Instead of keeping the ball on the ground, Franklin dialed up a pass for Drew Allar. Despite being careful with the football all season long, Allar made a dangerous throw over the middle of the field that essentially sinked the team's season. Notre Dame defensive back Christian Gray intercepted Allar's pass with a little over 30 seconds left on the game clock. A few plays later, Mitch Jeter made a game-winning field goal for the Fighting Irish. So, what does Meyer think about Franklin's decision to go for it late in the fourth quarter? He made it clear that he's not a fan of that strategy. Meyer told FS1's Colin Cowherd that Penn State should've played it safe. With overtime looming, there was no reason for the Nittany Lions to get anxious in that spot. "I even said to myself, 'Don't do it.' Play this thing out, run the football one more time. If you get near midfield, then go ahead," Meyer said. "Drew Allar is going to have to live with that one for a long time. But I saw the same thing the country saw. Penn State's receivers had a hard time getting open. You can put this all on the quarterback, but it's not [all on him]." Franklin might not agree with that assessment. He told reporters that he won't pin the loss on one play. "Everyone wants to look at a specific play," Franklin said. "But there's probably eight to 12 plays in that game that could have made a difference. I'm not going to call out specific plays or specific players. There are a ton of plays where we could have done better." Unfortunately for Franklin, he'll have to live with his decision for a while. The only way Penn State fans will get over it is if he gets back to this spot next season.

General Sports
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NHL
Canadiens goalie could leave the organization for Europe, according to…
NHL
One of Leafs GM Brad Treliving's Former Top Defensemen Has…
MLB
San Francisco Giants Signing Outfielder To Huge Contract Named…

The San Francisco Giants have finally started to open up their check books again, getting over the hump since their last big failed free agent signing. ESPN's David Schoenfield recently looked through each MLB team's immediate history to find their worst mistake since 2020. One Giants contract stood out above the rest. It wasn't long ago, free agency ahead of the 2023 season, that San Francisco gave outfielder Mitch Haniger a three-year, $43.5 million deal. He lasted barely one calendar year with the team. The contract was already not too exciting when it happened, so to have it immediately blow up had to hurt. In the last year of his first stint with the Seattle Mariners, before being given the deal, he had posted a .246/.308/.429 slash line with 11 home runs. Nothing otherworldly, but still carried some value in the backend of the lineup. Haniger played just 61 games for the Giants in 2023. He struggled when healthy and then missed most of the campaign with a forearm injury. During the time that he was actually on the field, he posted just a .209/.266/.365 slash line. San Francisco clearly had some hangups about handing out this deal given that he was traded away the next offseason. Back in January of 2024, the Giants sent Haniger, Anthony DeSclafani and cash to Seattle for Robbie Ray. The 34-year-old slugger was healthier back with the Mariners this season, but the results only got worse. As for San Francisco, they are likely not to miss that contract but the trade has been fairly neutral for them so far. Ray did not have his debut in a Giants uniform until late July, so it's hard to really judge his contributions so far. In his first 30.2 innings of work in San Francisco, he has a 4.70 ERA. His control issues have popped up again, which is what has held him back. The 33-year-old won a Cy Young back in just 2021, though. He hasn't pitched a full season since the campaign after that, though. Perhaps he just hasn't had the chance to find a groove. Overall, the Haniger trade being their worst move is fairly tame compared to what some teams have experienced. His contract is also dwarfed by the deals handed out to Matt Chapman and Willy Adames over the past few months. Those contracts will be under great scrutiny as the Giants search for another postseason push.

Entertainment
Go-Go Dancer Accuses Diddy of Forcing 'Sex Slaves' to Wear…
The 20 most iconic bands to hail from Canada
NHL
Red Wings make two big roster moves
NHL
Canucks stuck over night in Carolina due to snow storm: report
NFL
Giants players make alarming comments after Brian Daboll, Joe…
NHL
Report: Trade Talks Intensify Between Vancouver Canucks &…
NFL
A Big Day For The Las Vegas Raiders And Their Head Coaching Search
The 20 best Tom Hardy performances
Boxing
Spence Denies Fundora Fight Date Rumors
NHL
Bruins star strongly fires back after report of locker room issue 
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…

It appears that the New York Rangers are not interested in doing business with the Vancouver Canucks, as they have just rejected a trade for the second time. There has been speculation about a possible trade between the New York Rangers and Vancouver Canucks, with two centers, Mika Zibanejad of the Rangers and J.T. Miller of the Canucks, dominating the trade buzz. But in his latest "32 Thoughts" column, Elliotte Friedman gives reason to believe that there is something more interesting than that. The NHL insider said the chief target of Vancouver isn't Zibanejad but D-man Braden Schneider. "I also think it was actually a bigger deal, and one of the issues is that Vancouver adores Braden Schneider, who the Rangers do not want to trade. This would be the second time New York has rejected a Vancouver attempt for him." Schneider, 23, has been a steady presence on the Rangers' blue line this season, his fourth in the NHL. Although this year's team is slogging through a frustrating campaign, 18-20-2, including the worst 23-game stretch in franchise history at 6-16-1, Schneider hasn't let his game dip one bit and has maintained his value around the league. His defensive reliability is evident, even while paired with less consistent teammates like rookie Victor Mancini (now in the AHL) and Zac Jones, a frequent healthy scratch. Statistically, Schneider dazzles. Among Rangers, he tops blocked shots, 67, and the hits leaderboard for defensemen, 71. His average ice time has jumped from 15:54 to 17:09 per game. And he's tied for third on the team in plus-6, a number indicating composure amid the chaos. And all that costs a manageable $2.2 million cap hit through next season, at which time he becomes a restricted free agent with arbitration rights. With Schneider's value and upside, it's not a surprise, as Friedman noted, that the Rangers intend to keep him. The Canucks might want him, but Schneider's stability and upside make him a cornerstone for New York's future. The Canucks are also embroiled in trade rumors regarding Elias Pettersson. These five teams could be a good landing spot for the superstar center. However, the price to acquire him is reportedly quite high.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More NBA News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/grizzlies_rookie_sees_best_professional_game_yet_against_bulls/s1_17089_41045091 
 ----- 
