     
Who We Are
General
Background
Board of directors
Opportunities
Contact Us
People
Management
The Sheikh Zayed Al Nahyan Chair
Tun Hussein Onn Chair
Research Team
Chairman’s Office / Operations
Fellows / Associates
Royal Fellow
Distinguished Fellows
Visiting Fellows
Associate Researchers
Networks
Asean-Institutes of Strategic and International Studies (Asean-ISIS)
Council of Security and Cooperation in Asia and the Pacific (CSCAP)
Pacific Economic Cooperation Council (PECC)
Network of East Asian Think-Tanks (NEAT)
Research Institute Network (RIN)
Publications
General
Policy Briefs
ISIS Focus
THOC Essays
Books
Speeches
Presentations
Infographics
Reports
Annual Reports
APR Reports
Other Reports
Events
Asia-Pacific Roundtable
37th APR
36th APR
35th APR
34th APR
33rd APR
32nd APR
PRAXIS
PRAXIS 2024
PRAXIS 2023
PRAXIS 2022
PRAXIS 2021
PRAXIS 2019
PRAXIS 2018
Others
Forums
Visits
Multimedia
Collections
Videos
Podcasts
PMD
News Archive
ISIS
Home  Topics  Foreign Policy and Security Studies  Why Anwar went to Russia
Foreign Policy and Security Studies
Why Anwar went to Russia
by Datuk Prof Dr Mohd Faiz Abdullah -
07 September 2024

Russia has long defied easy explanations. The 19th-century poet Fedor Tyutchev famously remarked that “Russia cannot be understood with the mind, nor can she be measured with a common yardstick; she has her own way of being; in Russia, one simply believes.”

Yet, despite the enigma that is Russia, Prime Minister Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim journeyed to Vladivostok last week with a clear purpose: advancing Malaysia’s interests by strengthening ties with Russia. His grand strategy was to broaden Malaysia’s geoeconomic space while diversifying its global partnerships.

The visit was undoubtedly met with a range of reactions, from interest to bemusement and perhaps even unease.

Prime Minister Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim speaks during a plenary session of the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok, Russia on September 5, 2024. – REUTERS PIC

Anwar himself acknowledged the sensitivity of engaging Russia in the current geopolitical climate. At the outset of his meeting with President Vladimir Putin, Anwar conceded that visiting Russia was “not an easy feat” but nonetheless affirmed it was “the right decision.”

This conviction was validated by Putin’s invitation for Malaysia to attend the BRICS summit in Kazan next month – a critical step in the gradual move towards membership in the emerging bloc. While BRICS may still be in its formative years compared to more established international organisations, its potential shouldn’t be underestimated.

By engaging early, Malaysia could secure its position as a key player in this growing network.

Beyond BRICS, Anwar sought to elevate Malaysia-Russia economic ties. For all the efforts of previous administrations, Malaysia’s trade relations with Russia have remained underdeveloped relative to some of its Asean neighbours.

In 2022-23, Malaysia’s trade with Russia increased by 15.6 per cent to RM14.22 billion, yet this is lower in comparison to the volumes of nations like Vietnam, which benefits from a free trade agreement with Russia via the Eurasian Economic Union.

Russia’s shifting focus towards Asia, accelerated by sanctions and the decline of its European trade, presents a timely opportunity for Malaysia. In 2023, Russia’s trade with Asia surged dramatically, with its exports and imports rising by 72 per cent and 68 per cent, respectively.

This pivot toward the East offers Malaysia a chance to capitalise on the new trade flows. In an environment of growing protectionism around the world, Malaysia needs to leverage business opportunities wherever they arise.

On the tourism front, Malaysia has yet to sufficiently capture the Russian market, which currently favours Thailand and Vietnam. Attracting Russian tourists could provide a significant boost to Malaysia’s tourism industry and diversify its sources of travellers.

During his address at the Eastern Economic Forum, Anwar’s speech resonated with the audience from the outset, blending his own rich background in Malay and English literature with the sublime heights of Russian literary giants.

He then outlined three strategic areas for future collaboration: Islamic finance, agriculture, and education.

As a global leader in Islamic finance, Malaysia is well-positioned to assist Russia in developing Shariah-compliant financial systems, tapping into its large Muslim population. Moreover, the halal industry presents a fertile ground for deeper cooperation, with ample opportunities for joint initiatives.

In agriculture, Russia’s prominence as a leading grain producer aligns with Malaysia’s objectives to enhance food security.

In education, Russian expertise in technology presents wide-ranging opportunities for collaboration, especially through the recently established Russian-Malaysian High-Tech Centre.

Yet, Anwar’s approach to Russia does not imply blind alignment. During talks, he reiterated Malaysia’s stance on the Ukraine conflict, advocating for a peaceful resolution through dialogue. In all his diplomatic engagements, the prime minister was steadfast in defending Malaysia’s principles and interests, even with major powers.

This was evident in Anwar’s handling of questions about China in the South China Sea, where Malaysia consistently upholds its sovereignty while maintaining a careful balance in its relations.

This same pragmatism governs Malaysia’s relationship with Russia. Disagreements may arise, but diplomacy doesn’t require airing every issue publicly.

At the same time, Anwar sought to underscore common ground with partner nations on issues of deep importance to Malaysians. His calls during the Vladivostok speech for international pressure on Israel to end the genocide in Gaza struck a powerful chord with even Putin, seated beside him, joining in the applause.

In this delicate balance, Anwar demonstrated Malaysia’s approach of seeking alignment where possible but managing differences where necessary.

Domestically, the reception to Anwar’s visit has been largely positive. Social media reflected a surge of national pride, with many Malaysians appreciating the prime minister being accorded respect on the global stage.

This was not necessarily a political endorsement of Anwar himself but rather a broader expression of pride in Malaysia’s international stature. It also reflected a desire for Malaysia to assert its place in a multipolar world.

Anwar’s visit to Russia was far from a half-cocked adventure. It was a carefully calculated move to secure Malaysia’s place in a rapidly evolving global landscape.

By engaging with Russia, Malaysia is broadening its economic horizons, strengthening its strategic partnerships, and asserting its independence in a world increasingly defined by geopolitical competition.

This article first appeared in New Straits Times, 6 September 2024

ShareFacebookTwitterEmail
Expert
Datuk Prof Dr Mohd Faiz Abdullah
Prof Faiz leads the institute’s policy development and Track-Two diplomacy, including through the ASEAN Institutes of Strategic and International Studies (ASEAN-ISIS) and the Pacific Economic Cooperation Council (PECC). Faiz is also the Malaysia representative to the ASEAN Regional Forum Experts and Eminent Persons (ARF EEP) meeting and Co-Chair of the Council for Security Cooperation in the Asia Pacific (CSCAP). His diverse career spans media, law enforcement, education, three decades of legal practice, focusing on corporate law and public interest litigation, as well as strategic and international affairs advisory to federal and state governments. In 2009, with Dato’ Seri Anwar Ibrahim, Faiz co-founded the World Forum for Muslim Democrats, dedicated to providing a common platform for public intellectuals to articulate their views on Islam, reform, democracy and governance. Faiz has authored four books on topics ranging from Shariah reforms to the Fourth Industrial Revolution. He is the founding dean of the Selangor Business School. He graduated with First Class Honours in LLB from the International Islamic University of Malaysia, an MBA from the University of Southern Queensland, and a PhD from the Putra Business School. His first degree, prior to law school, was in English Literature from the University of Malaya.
By: Datuk Prof Dr Mohd Faiz Abdullah
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER

To be updated with all the latest news, offers and special announcements.

 

ISIS Malaysia engages actively in Track Two diplomacy, and promotes the exchange of views and opinions at both the national and international levels.
Contact us: info@isis.org.my
     
© Copyright 2024. ISIS Malaysia (99856-H) All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.isis.org.my/2024/09/07/why-anwar-went-to-russia/ 
 ----- 
