Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Lindor blasts, Manaea blanks as Mets complete South Side sweep
Share
Lindor blasts, Manaea blanks as Mets complete South Side sweep
New York wraps 7-3 road trip as push for Wild Card berth continues
September 2nd, 2024

Joey Pollizze

Share

0:00

0:35

CHICAGO -- It’s hard to imagine where the Mets would be without Sean Manaea and Francisco Lindor this season. Manaea has been one of the best pitchers in baseball since the start of July, while Lindor has cemented himself as an NL MVP candidate.

Those two players stepped up big time in the team’s 2-0 win over the White Sox at Guaranteed Rate Field on Sunday afternoon to complete the three-game sweep. That victory pushed the Mets (73-64) to a season-high nine games over .500 and just one game behind the Braves (74-63), who hold the final NL Wild Card spot.

“We knew coming in here, especially after playing the Padres and the Diamondbacks, that we needed to keep the intensity,” manager Carlos Mendoza said. “We needed to stay locked in, match the energy, and I’m proud of the guys that we were able to do it one day at a time.”

Complete coverage: Mets' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

Lindor broke a scoreless tie in the fourth inning when he launched a first-pitch cutter from White Sox starter Garrett Crochet for his 29th home run of the year. Those 29 long balls are the fourth most among all MLB shortstops this season -- behind only Gunnar Henderson (33), Corey Seager (30) and Bobby Witt Jr. (30).

Related
Mets greats congratulate 'stalwart' Wright on number retirement

January 10th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

Ohtani's epic 50-50 game leads list of Capital One Plays of the Year

December 31st, 2024

The 10 signature players of the 2024 season

December 23rd, 2024

Manaea officially back with Mets on 3-year deal

December 28th, 2024

What these 2 deals tell us about the free-agent pitching market

December 3rd, 2024

Lindor has been on a heater at the plate over the past few months, which has helped the Mets gain ground in the NL Wild Card standings. Dating back to June 25, the All-Star shortstop is hitting an impressive .303 with 16 home runs, 40 RBIs and 16 doubles.

During that stretch, New York is 36-25 while tied with the Yankees and Royals for the second-most runs in baseball (297). Unsurprisingly, Lindor is a major reason for the Mets' second-half turnaround.

“Obviously [Crochet] is one of the best pitchers in the game,” Manaea said of the lefty, who tied an AL record by striking out the first seven batters of the game. “What [Lindor] did off him is pretty incredible.”

Just as big of a contributor during that span has been Manaea, who has been a workhorse for the Mets recently. On Sunday, the left-hander logged his fourth straight quality start by tossing seven scoreless innings with five strikeouts.

That outing marked Manaea’s ninth quality start since July 2 and his fifth start of at least seven innings over his past seven outings.

“I saw something different today out of Manaea,” Mendoza said. “When he's going against one of the better arms in the league, he showed us something today where, 'I'm going to give you guys a chance, too.' He’s been doing that.”

The southpaw was dealing all afternoon against the White Sox, holding them to just two hits. Manaea didn’t face much trouble in his 27th start of the season, except for his final inning when he allowed three baserunners to reach.

His ability to eventually get out of that inning unscathed shows just how dominant the Mets pitcher has been as of late. Since July 2, Manaea has allowed just 23 earned runs across 74 1/3 innings pitched (2.78 ERA). During that span, he ranks tied for first in quality starts (nine), first in innings pitched and tied for fifth in strikeouts (78).

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“It's been amazing,” Lindor said. “It’s been amazing to see how he has worked on his plan, his approach, and he has executed it. He seems like he's getting better as the year goes on, which is a really good thing. I'm happy with how he's doing it. I'm not impressed because I faced him before. It's not fun to hit against him. He's an extremely big competitor, and he works hard.”

Manaea and Lindor’s efforts on Sunday helped New York end one of its longest road trips of the season with a sweep over the White Sox. The road trip also featured a series win over the D-backs and a four-game series split against the Padres -- two teams the Mets trail in the NL Wild Card race.

But after going 7-3 in those games, the Mets are happy with how they fared on the road trip and are excited to go back to New York within reach of the final NL Wild Card spot.

“We're in a good spot,” Lindor said. “We were in the same spot that we were before the road trip. We’re in a position that we still got a chance for playoffs, and we've got to continue to climb the mountain.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Mets
Francisco Lindor
Sean Manaea
You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/francisco-lindor-sean-manaea-mets-beat-white-sox 
 ----- 
