Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
MLB
Sean Manaea’s brilliance, Francisco Lindor’s homer help Mets finish off sweep of White Sox
By Mike Puma
Published Sep. 1, 2024
Updated Sep. 1, 2024, 6:49 p.m. ET
109

CHICAGO — Uninspiring, yes, but it still counts.

The Mets arrived on the South Side with no other acceptable option but to sweep this mess of a team called the White Sox. And they accomplished that goal Sunday, but with few points for style.

Sean Manaea was dominant, but the Mets lineup not so much in a 2-0 victory that completed the road trip.

The Mets won seven of 10 games on the three-city jaunt and returned home back within a game of the Braves — who lost to the Phillies on Sunday night — for the final NL wild-card spot.

“We have definitely set ourselves up for a good run here,” Manaea said.

4
New York Mets’ Francisco Lindor celebrates after hitting a solo home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox in Chicago, Sunday, Sept. 1, 2024.
AP

The Mets scored only 12 runs over the three games at Guaranteed Rate Field, but strong pitching helped avoid embarrassment.

The White Sox established a franchise record on this day with their 107th loss and remain on pace to supplant the 1962 Mets (who lost 120 games) as the worst team in MLB history.

Manaea scintillated over seven shutout innings in which he allowed two hits and walked two with five strikeouts.

Reed Garrett and Edwin Diaz combined to work the final two innings scoreless. Diaz, who struck out the side in the ninth, has three scoreless appearances since his Wednesday meltdown in Arizona.

It was a fourth straight start in which Manaea pitched at least into the seventh inning without allowing more than three earned runs.

“He seems that he’s getting better as the year goes on and that is a really good thing,” Francisco Lindor said. “I’m happy how he’s doing it. I’m not impressed, because I have faced him before, and it’s not fun to hit against him.”

Manaea didn’t face a real threat until the seventh, when he walked Andrew Vaughn and allowed a two-out single to Gavin Sheets that put runners on the corners.

But Manaea — who had plunked Luis Robert Jr. to begin the inning before Robert got nailed by Luis Torrens attempting to steal second — recovered from a 3-0 count to Miguel Vargas and got the final out.

Manaea threw 67 percent sinkers. It’s a pitch that he’s used about 40 percent of the time for the entire season.

“I just kept throwing it until they were going to do something with it,” Manaea said.

4
Mets starting pitcher Sean Manaea (59) delivers a pitch against the Chicago White Sox during the first inning at Guaranteed Rate Field.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

Garrett Crochet tied a White Sox record by striking out seven straight batters to begin his start. Luis Torrens ended the streak with a ground out in the third inning.

Crochet struck out eight batters over 3 ¹/₃ innings.

“We’ve seen some pretty good arms throughout the year, but that right there was pretty special,” manager Carlos Mendoza said.

Lindor led off the fourth with a home run. The blast was his 29th of the season and extended his on-base streak to 30 games, which is the longest active in the major leagues. Lindor hit four home runs on the road trip.

Manaea retired the first 11 batters he faced before walking Lenyn Sosa with two outs in the fourth. But he picked Sosa off first base to end the inning.

Vargas delivered the first hit against Manaea with a single to left field with two outs in the fifth. Manaea rebounded to strike out Dominic Fletcher.

4
Francisco Lindor #12 of the New York Mets hits a home run during the fourth inning of a game against the Chicago White Sox at Guaranteed Rate Field on September 01, 2024 in Chicago, Illinois.
Getty Images

Mendoza said he thought Manaea got fired up in trying to match Crochet’s early dominance.

“[Manaea] rose to the occasion today,” Mendoza said. “There was a different demeanor on the mound today. Those first four or five innings, he was ‘Give me the ball,’ and ‘I’m going right after them.’ ”

The Mets, who struck out 16 times, had their own offensive struggles. Starling Marte singled leading off the fifth and got picked off first and was thrown out heading for second for a caught stealing. Torrens followed with a single, but the Mets couldn’t build from it.

4
Mets outfielder Starling Marte (6) hits an RBI-double against the Chicago White Sox during the ninth inning at Guaranteed Rate Field.
Kamil Krzaczynski-USA TODAY Sports

Marte delivered an RBI double in the ninth that gave the Mets their second run. And after Diaz worked a perfect ninth, the Mets could finally head home.

109

What do you think? Post a comment.

“We are in a good spot,” Lindor said. “We’re in the same spot that we were before the road trip. It’s in a position that we still have a chance for the playoffs.”

FILED UNDER CHICAGO WHITE SOX  EDWIN DIAZ  NEW YORK METS  SEAN MANAEA  9/1/24
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/01/sports/sean-manaea-francisco-lindor-lead-mets-to-sweep-of-white-sox/ 
 ----- 
