SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Tickets
Schedule
Stats
Club
MNUFC2
Shop
Allianz Field
News
Latest News
Articles
Videos
Podcasts
Newsletter
App
Media Resources
MNUFC2
Eight Minnesota United Players Called Up for International Duty

Thursday, Oct 10, 2024, 06:30 PM

Minnesota United has eight players who have been called up to represent their respective countries during the FIFA International Window in October including: goalkeeper Dayne St. Clair (Canada), forward Tani Oluwaseyi (Canada), midfielder Robin Lod (Finland), forward Teemu Pukki (Finland), fullback Joseph Rosales (Honduras), defender Michael Boxall (New Zealand), midfielder Carlos Harvey (Panama) and MNUFC2 forward Enrique Nieves (Puerto Rico).

Dayne St. Clair and Tani Oluwaseyi will represent Canada during an international friendly against Panama at BMO Field in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on October 15. Oluwaseyi earned his first international call-up in June 2024 and made his international debut as a substitute against France on June 9, 2024. Since then, Oluwaseyi has appeared in eight matches for Les Rouges. St. Clair has started in goal for seven Canada National Team games, most recently starting in the shutout draw against Mexico on September 11. During the 2024 Copa América tournament, both Oluwaseyi and St. Clair started in the tournament’s third place match against Canada and Uruguay.

Robin Lod, Teemu Pukki and the Finland National Team are set to compete in Group B2 of the UEFA Nations League, where they will first take on the Republic of Ireland on October 10 before taking on England on October 13. Both matches will be held at the Helsinki Olympic Stadium in the Töölö district, just outside the Finnish capital Helsinki.

Michael Boxall and The All Whites are set to compete in the nation’s 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign in October, where they will play two international friendlies. First, New Zealand will face Tahiti in Port Vila, Vanuatu on October 10, followed by a match against Malaysia at North Harbour Stadium in Auckland on October 14.

Joseph Rosales joins the Honduras National Team while they compete in Concacaf Nations League Group B. They will take on French Guiana on Thursday, October 10 at the Stade Municipal Dr. Edmard Lama Stadium in Remire-Montjoly, French Guiana. Honduras will then head northwest to face Jamaica on Monday, October 14 at the National Stadium Independence Park in Kingston, Jamaica.

Carlos Harvey joins the Panama Men’s National Team for two international friendlies. First, Panama will take on the United States Men’s National Team on October 12 at the Q2 Stadium in Austin, Texas. Then they will head north for their second friendly against Canada on October 15, at BMO Field in Toronto. Notably, Harvey will face MNUFC teammates Dayne St. Clair and Tani Oluwaseyi who will be representing Canada during the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign.

MNUFC2 forward Enrique Nieves joins the Puerto Rico National Team for his second-ever call-up as they compete in Concacaf Nations League B, Group C action. Los Boricuas are set to take on Sint Maarten for both matches: first on Friday, October 11 and Monday, October 14. Both games will kick at 3:00 p.m. CT. Nieves notably earned his first international cap with Puerto Rico during the September FIFA International Window.

International Games Schedule
Date
	
Game
	
Time (CT)
	
Location


Thurs., Oct 10
	
Finland vs. Republic of Ireland
	
1:45 p.m. 
	
Helsinki Olympic Stadium, Helsinki, Finland


Thurs., Oct 10
	
French Guiana vs. Honduras
	
2:30 p.m. 
	
Stade Municipal Dr. Edmard Lama Stadium in Remire-Montjoly, French Guiana


Thurs., Oct 10
	
Tahiti vs. New Zealand
	
9:00 p.m.
	
VFF Freshwater Stadium, Port Vila, Vanuatu


Fri., Oct 11
	
Sint Maarten vs. Puerto Rico
	
3:00 p.m.
	
Guillermo Prospero Trinidad Stadium, Oranjestad, Aruba


Sat., Oct 12
	
USA vs. Panama
	
8:00 p.m. 
	
Q2 Stadium, Austin, Texas 


Sun., Oct 13
	
Finland vs. England
	
11:00 a.m. 
	
Helsinki Olympic Stadium, Helsinki, Finland


Mon., Oct 14
	
Malaysia vs. New Zealand
	
1:00 a.m. 
	
North Harbour Stadium, North Shore City, New Zealand


Mon., Oct 14
	
Puerto Rico vs. Sint Maarten
	
3:00 p.m.
	
Guillermo Prospero Trinidad Stadium, Oranjestad, Aruba


Mon., Oct 14
	
Jamaica vs. Honduras 
	
8:00 p.m.
	
National Stadium Independence Park in Kingston, Jamaica


Tues., Oct 15
	
Canada vs. Panama
	
6:30 p.m.
	
BMO Field in Toronto, Ontario
DAYNE ST. CLAIR
TANI OLUWASEYI
ROBIN LOD
TEEMU PUKKI
JOSEPH ROSALES
MICHAEL BOXALL
CARLOS HARVEY
MNUFC2
INTERNATIONAL
PRESS RELEASE
LATEST NEWS
PRO PLAYER PATHWAY
Related Stories
MNUFC2 End of Season Roster Updates
Match Recap | MNUFC2 - 2, North Texas SC - 8
Twos Head to North Texas for Final Match
MLS Clubs
Tickets
Shop
Club
News
Gameday
Legal
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mnufc.com/news/eight-minnesota-united-players-called-up-for-international-duty 
 ----- 
