Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.

No data found

India beat USA by 7 wickets: ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2024 Group A – updates
United States
v
India
ICC MEN'S T20 WORLD CUP 2024
Match 25
12/06/2024
VenueNassau County International Cricket Stadium, New York
110-8
(20 overs)
111-3
(18.2 overs)
India win by 7 wickets
United States
Kumar 27
Singh (4-9)
India
Yadav 50*
Netravalkar (2-18)
By Kevin Hand and Manasi Pathak
Published On 12 Jun 2024
12 Jun 2024

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Click here to share on social media

This page is now closed. Thanks for joining us. These were the updates as India beat USA by seven wickets at the T20 World Cup 2024 on Wednesday, June 12:

Read more
Live updates
Match stats
Lineups
12 Jun 2024 - 19:09 (19:09 GMT)
Goodbye for now!

That’s it from our live coverage of India against USA.

A seven-wicket win means Group A belongs to India and they have secured Super Eights qualification.

USA’s future remains in their own hands. If they avoid defeat against Ireland on Thursday, then they’re through.

Do join us for Bangladesh against the Netherlands on Thursday if you can.

For now, though – from me, Kevin Hand – it’s goodbye.

Click here to share on social media
12 Jun 2024 - 18:55 (18:55 GMT)
Farewell New York and thanks for the memories!

It’s nearly time to say goodbye from the live coverage of India against USA. But first, it’s goodbye to the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in New York.

The pitch came in for a lot of criticism, but the venue brought the fans, who themselves brought the noise.

The matches were low scoring, after some bowler-friendly surfaces, but they were tight affairs and produced the greatest upset in T20 World Cup history with USA’s win against Pakistan.

The group moves to Florida in the US next. Then the tournament moves to the Caribbean thereafter.

Thanks for the memories, New York!

A view of play during the ICC Men’s T20 Cricket World Cup at Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in New York, the United States [File: Robert Cianflone/AFP]
Click here to share on social media
12 Jun 2024 - 18:46 (18:46 GMT)
Next up on Al Jazeera

On Thursday, attention switches to Bangladesh against the Netherlands in a clash to try to join South Africa in qualifying from Group D.

The Proteas have picked up three wins from three games and now can’t be caught.

Both Bangladesh and Netherlands have one win from two games, so they could still finish level on points with South Africa.

They will both have their eyes on second spot. The match starts at 10:30am local time (15:30 GMT).

We’ll also bring you all the reaction to the West Indies game against New Zealand that is still to come today – and the build-up to England against Oman, which follows Afghanistan against the Netherlands.

Click here to share on social media
12 Jun 2024 - 18:36 (18:36 GMT)
‘Over to Ireland’

Click here to share on social media
12 Jun 2024 - 18:31 (18:31 GMT)
Don’t rule out the luck of the Irish

Should Ireland win their final two games, against USA and Pakistan, then they will move to four points.

That could open the door to Paul Stirling’s side scrambling through to the Super Eights at the last minute.

That would also require Canada to fail to win against India in their final game.

Ireland will definitely be firing on Friday against USA, which could bring the group to a thrilling finale on Sunday.

Click here to share on social media
12 Jun 2024 - 18:28 (18:28 GMT)
Will the Florida weather scupper the Group A finale?

The forecast for Friday and Sunday in Florida, where Group A comes to its conclusion, doesn’t look good.

A washout against Ireland on Friday, and with it a point, will be enough for USA to progress to the Super Eights.

Similarly, a defeat for USA on Friday, but a washout for Pakistan on Sunday will not be enough for the latter to progress.

Click here to share on social media
12 Jun 2024 - 18:22 (18:22 GMT)
Rohit Sharma relieved India have qualified for Super Eights

The India captain told the post-match ceremony that the USA game played out much the same way as the other two games in New York.

“We knew it was going to be a tough task to score that many runs on the board,” Rohit told the post-match ceremony. “We lost some wickets up front, but credit to take the game to the end.

“A lot of these USA guys we played cricket together [at youth-team level] and I’m very happy to see them progress. They are going from strength to strength and making progress.

“We knew that bowlers had to take the lead. We knew run scoring is difficult on this pitch.

“It is a big relief [to qualify]. Playing cricket here wasn’t easy. All three games could have been anyone’s game, and you had to stick to the end and take the game as deep as possible. We can take a lot of confidence from this.”

 

Click here to share on social media
12 Jun 2024 - 18:19 (18:19 GMT)
USA captain Aaron Jones reacts to defeat

“I would say we were 10-15 runs short on the wicket; 125-130 would have been a tough total,” he told the post-match ceremony.

“The boys were pretty disciplined today. It was really pleasing for me for the bowling unit to bring the game so close.

“We want more fans for USA cricket and we’ve been talking about it a lot over the years and we are trying to enjoy it.

“We will regroup and come hard for Ireland [on Thursday] for sure.”

Click here to share on social media
Sign up for Al Jazeera
Americas Coverage Newsletter
US politics, Canada’s multiculturalism, South America’s geopolitical rise—we bring you the stories that matter.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
12 Jun 2024 - 18:14 (18:14 GMT)
Arshdeep picks up Player of the Match award

India’s bowler Arshdeep has been named the Player of the Match for his career-best figures of 4-9.

“Very, very happy with the performance. In the last two games, I gave a little more runs and wasn’t very happy with that. But the team always showed belief in me, so I had to deliver for them,” he said.

“The wicket is very different for fast bowlers and it’s helping us get some seam moment, so the plan was simple … just let the ball do the talking,” he added.

“That was the talk in the dressing room that don’t give easy balls to score runs because our batsmen are also facing the difficulties to score runs. The plan was to hit the hard lengths and see what the wicket helps.”

Arshdeep picked up four wickets, helping restrict the USA to 110.  [Adam Hunger/AP]

 

Click here to share on social media
12 Jun 2024 - 18:13 (18:13 GMT)
The net run rate swings for Pakistan

USA remain in second spot on four points from three games with a net run rate of 0.13

Pakistan are third with two points from three games and a net run rate of 0.19.

A win for Pakistan on Sunday would see them go through if Ireland beat USA on Thursday.

Should USA beat Ireland, who are bottom of the group with two defeats from their opening two games, then Pakistan’s fate will be sealed before they bowl another ball.

Click here to share on social media

SOURCE: AL JAZEERA
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 873 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/liveblog/2024/6/12/live-usa-vs-india-icc-mens-t20-world-cup-2024-group-a-match-new-york 
 ----- 
