Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Nassau County International Cricket Stadium, USA pitch report for matches at T20 Cricket World Cup venue — How will it play?

DIVY DUBEY

12 June, 2024
•
5:21 am UTC

The Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in New York has been the center of attention for all the wrong reasons in recent days.

The $30 million pitch was constructed in a span of eight months with special soil transported from the Adelaide Oval stadium in Australia for the tournament. Despite the efforts, the pitch has failed to live up to the standards and has been under fire from the critics for its inconsistent bounce and a very slow outfield. 

Many experienced players and coaches have been critical about the playing conditions of the pitch. The ICC in recent days though has revealed that they have been trying hard to fix the problem. The uneven bounce on the pitch was being caused due the grassy veins, which has been pushed down by rolling the wicket. 

How many T20I games has Nassau County Stadium hosted?

The Nassau County International Stadium has hosted 7 T20I games so far, with all of those being the 2024 T20 World Cup matches.

How many spectators can the Nassau County stadium hold?

The Nassau County stadium has a seating capacity of about 34,000 spectators. The stadium saw a full house in the match between India and Pakistan.

What are the dimensions of the Nassau County stadium?

The Nassau County stadium is a sizeable venue with a total area of approximately 361,850 square feet. The boundary lengths can vary between 65 and 70 meters, adhering to ICC guidelines with the shortest boundary being 60 meters and the longest 82 meters. The stadium, however, does not have floodlights, so all World Cup matches will be played during daylight.

Nassau County stadium: Pitch Report

The pitch at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium has been a pitch with very uneven bounce, any pace bowler hitting the surface hard could benefit from the outcome, causing problems for the opposition batter.

To make matters worse for the batting team, the outfield at the venue is very slow and sluggish. The ball suffers great difficulty in reaching the boundary line, which in turn creates problems for batters to score runs consistently.

Bet here on T20 World Cup and other cricket matches!

Average score at the Nassau County Stadium 

The average first innings score at the venue in the 7 games played so far is 107 runs. The below par score implies that the team bowling first will have an advantage over the team that will bowl in the second innings.

What happened in the previous T20I at Nassau County Stadium?

In the recent T20 world cup match, Pakistan played against Canada in New York. Pakistan's bowlers did well, limiting Canada to 106/7. Haris Rauf and Mohammad Amir took 2 wickets each. Pakistan chased the target in 17.3 overs, winning by 7 wickets. This was Pakistan's first win after losing to the USA and India.

What is the highest score by a team at Nassau County Stadium in T20Is?

The highest score at the stadium has been 137, posted by Canada against Ireland. And that score proved to be enough for the minnows to win the game.

What is the lowest score by a team at Nassau County Stadium in T20Is?

The lowest score at the stadium has been 77, posted by Sri Lanka against South Africa. The score wasn't enough for the Lankans to defend, South Africa chased it in 17 overs.

What is the highest individual score at Nassau County Stadium in T20Is?

The highest individual score at the stadium is 59*, scored by David Miller against Netherlands. While chasing 104, South Africa were 4 down for just 12 runs. Miller batted sensibly under high pressure and took the Proteas home with his unbeaten knock.

What is the best bowling figure at Nassau County Stadium in T20Is?

The record for the best bowling figure is held by South Africa's Anrich Nortje, with an impressive figure of 4/7 in 4 overs against Sri Lanka, who were bowled out for just 77 runs in the match.

Which batter has the most runs at Nassau County Stadium in T20Is?

South Africa's David Miller holds the record for most runs scored at this venue. He has scored 94 runs in his 3 innings, with an impressive batting average of 94 and a strike rate of 98.94.

Which bowler has the most wickets at Nassau County Stadium in T20Is?

South Africa's Anrich Nortje hold the record for most wickets taken at this venue. He has taken 8 wickets in 3 matches with an impressive bowling economy of 3.58.

More: Will Lahore host India-Pakistan clash at 2025 Champions Trophy? PCB submits draft schedule

Upcoming T20 World Cup matches at the Nassau County stadium

The stadium will host 1 more match at the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2024. Let's take a look at the remaining world cup match schedule at this venue.

Date	Match
12 June 2024	United States vs India

The Nassau County International cricket stadium has been an unpredictable venue for the T20 World Cup 2024. Fans can look forward to low-scoring, highly-competitive games, and a fantastic cricketing atmosphere in this new stadium.

DIVY DUBEY

Divy Dubey is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2024 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/nassau-county-international-cricket-stadium-usa-pitch-report-matches-t20-cricket-world-cup/fd164580ce691dd4b13da493 
 ----- 
