Republic World
Republic Business
R.Bharat
R.Bangla
R.Kannada
Home
SportFit
Live TV
Defence
India News
World
Latest News
Republic Business
Education
Entertainment
More
TRENDING/
Middle-East Conflict |
New Year 2025 Celebrations |
Zimbabwe's Historic Decision |
Suchir Balaji Death |
Rahul Gandhi |
News /
SportFit /
Cricket /
World Cup /
End of Virat-Rohit combo? Dube OUT: Will this be India's new Playing XI against USA in T20 WC?

Published 22:01 IST, June 10th 2024

End of Virat-Rohit combo? Dube OUT: Will this be India's new Playing XI against USA in T20 WC?
Dube also dropped an easy catch off Jasprit Bumrah's bowling as Pakistan were attempting to chase down 119 runs in the second innings.
SportFit
2 min read
Reported by: Republic Sports Desk
Follow:
Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma | Image: AP

As the cricketing world turns its attention to the T20 World Cup 2024, India's strategic decisions have become a hot topic. The potential exclusion of Shivam Dube from the lineup for their upcoming match against the United States has sparked considerable discussion. With Dube's underwhelming performance against Pakistan, scoring poorly and not bowling, Indian captain Rohit Sharma and head coach Rahul Dravid may be looking to refresh the squad with promising talent. 

Also Read: India vs USA weather report: Can rain hinder India's Super 8 bid?

Is the end of Rohit-Virat combo nearing?

Enter Yashasvi Jaiswal, whose inclusion could signal a shift in the team's dynamics. Shivman Dube is expected to be dropped and Yashasvi Jaiswal may be added in his place. Dube did not perform well with the bat against Pakistan on Sunday and he did not bowl either. Dube also dropped an easy catch off Jasprit Bumrah's bowling as Pakistan were attempting to chase down 119 runs in the second innings. 

Here's a look at the predicted playing XI for India's Group A clash against the USA on June 12:

1. Rohit Sharma (c) - The experienced skipper will lead from the front, aiming to provide a solid start at the top.

2. Yashasvi Jaiswal - The young left-hander is expected to replace Dube, bringing fresh energy and aggressive stroke play.

3. Virat Kohli - A linchpin in the batting lineup, Kohli’s role will be crucial in stabilizing the innings.

4. Rishabh Pant - Known for his explosive batting, Pant will look to accelerate the scoring in the middle overs.

5. Suryakumar Yadav - A versatile batsman, Yadav can anchor the innings or play the finisher’s role as needed.

6. Hardik Pandya - The all-rounder’s big hitting and medium pace bowling make him a vital cog in the team.

7. Ravindra Jadeja - Jadeja's dual role as a lower-order batsman and a left-arm spinner provides balance to the side.

8. Axar Patel - Another all-rounder, Patel's left-arm spin and handy batting lower down the order are assets to the team.

9. Arshdeep Singh - The young pacer has been impressive with his ability to bowl in the death overs.

10. Jasprit Bumrah - Bumrah's pace and accuracy are invaluable, especially in the powerplay and death overs.

11. Mohammed Siraj - With his pace and seam movement, Siraj will be crucial in dismantling the opposition’s top order.

Updated 12:36 IST, June 12th 2024

Recommended
Dua Lipa Flaunts Engagement Ring As She Runs Errands In London | Photos
Entertainment News
'No One Can Stop China's Reunification': Xi Jinping's Warning to Taiwan
World News
Gambhir-Rohit RIFT? Ind Coach's Wish For Pujara Was Turned Down
SportFit
2025 K-Dramas List: Newtopia, Cashero, And More To Watch On OTT
Entertainment News
Happy New Year: World Rings In New Year With Joy and Cheer | LIVE
India News
After IPL SNUB, David Warner Registers For PSL 2025 Draft
SportFit
26-Year-Old Indian-Origin Doctor Among Two Killed in UAE Aircraft Crash
India News
WATCH | How Team India Cricketers Celebrated New Year in Sydney
SportFit
Zimbabwe Scraps Death Penalty, Sentences to Be Commuted as Jail Term
World News
Bumrah Reason Behind Kohli Chest-Bumping Konstas at MCG?
SportFit
LIVE TV
Republic TV is India's no.1 English news channel since its launch.
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
RSS
Policies Disclaimers
Follow Republic on:
Download the all-new Republic app:

© 2024 Republic. All rights reserved.

BIG STORIES

18 NEW

QUICK

LIVE TV

VIDEO

republicworld.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 452 TCF vendor(s) and 320 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.republicworld.com/sports/cricket/world-cup/virat-kohli-rohit-sharma-combo-shivam-dube-out-will-this-be-india-new-playing-xi-against-usa-in-t20-wc 
 ----- 
