मराठी
 
हिंदी
 
Times Now
Follow us on :
 
 
 
 
CRICKET
FOOTBALL
TENNIS
OTHERS
BADMINTON
WWE
ESPORTS
 
LIVE TV
 
MORE+
News> Sports News > Cricket News
India vs Sri Lanka live streaming: When and where to watch IND vs SL 1st T20I live in India?
Cricket
TN Sports Desk
Updated Jul 25, 2021 | 14:05 IST
Sri Lanka will host India in the opening T20I of the series later today (July 25). Here's how you can watch the fixture live in India -
Shikhar Dhawan will make his T20I captaincy debut in the opening T20I. Photo: BCCI 
KEY HIGHLIGHTS
India and Sri Lanka will square off in the opening T20I of the three-match series today (July 25)
Shikhar Dhawan will be making his debut as India's T20 captain in the fixture
Prithvi Shaw and Varun Chakravarthy are likely to make their T20I debuts in the fixture

After the successful completion of the three-match ODI series, the India-Sri Lanka series will move to the T20 action as the two teams square off in three T20Is. The three fixtures will be played on July 25, 27 and 29. India, who won the ODI series 2-1, will aim to carry their ODI form into T20Is.

Though Sri Lanka have defeated India in T20I fixtures, they have never registered a series victory over the Men in Blue. Without any doubt, second-string India go in as favourites to defeat the island nation in the T20I series s well.

After his success in the ODI series, Prithvi Shaw is all set to make his T20I debut in the opening game. This is India's final T20I series before the World Cup and Shaw can fix his spot in the national team if he does well in the upcoming fixtures.

Suryakumar Yadav, Hardik and Krunal Pandya, Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Deepak Chahar are some of the confirmed selections in the playing XI.

Dhawan will face the problem of choice in the spin department. Even though Kuldeep Yadav and Yuzvendra Chahal are seniors, they aren't confirmed selections in playing XI. While Kuldeep has been away from the T20 set-up for a long time now, Chahal was pipped by Rahul Chahar for a part of the previous T20I series that India played.

Varun Chakravarthy was selected in the national squad despite missing the previous two series and looks set to play T20Is. 

As for Sri Lanka, the home team will bank on the ODI performers to carry their form into T20Is.

Here's all you need to know about the India vs Sri Lanka 1st T20I -

When and what time will India vs Sri Lanka 1st T20I begin?

The India vs Sri Lanka 1st T20I will begin at 8:00 PM IST on Sunday (July 25). The toss will take place at 7:30 PM IST.

Which channel will telecast India vs Sri Lanka 1st T20I in India?

The India vs Sri Lanka 1st T20I will have a live telecast on Sony Ten 1, Sony Ten 3, Sony Six and Sony Ten 4. 

How to watch the live streaming of the India vs Sri Lanka 1st T20I?

The India vs Sri Lanka 1st T20I can be streamed live on the SonyLiv app.

RELATED NEWS
Virender Sehwag names Manish Pandey as India's 'biggest disappointment' in Sri Lanka ODI series
Prithvi Shaw to debut, Bhuvneshwar Kumar to return: Team India's likely playing XI for 1st T20I vs Sri Lanka
Varun Chakravarthy set for debut as India start favourites versus Sri Lanka in T20I series

What are the squads for the India vs Sri Lanka 1st T20I?

India: Shikhar Dhawan (Captain), Prithvi Shaw, Manish Pandey, Suryakumar Yadav, Ishan Kishan (WK), Hardik Pandya, Krunal Pandya, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Kuldeep Yadav, Chetan Sakariya, Yuzvendra Chahal, Deepak Chahar, Sanju Samson (WK), Krishnappa Gowtham, Nitish Rana, Navdeep Saini, Ruturaj Gaikwad, Rahul Chahar, Varun Chakravarthy, Devdutt Padikkal

Sri Lanka: Avishka Fernando, Minod Bhanuka(w), Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Dhananjaya de Silva, Charith Asalanka, Dasun Shanaka(c), Wanindu Hasaranga, Chamika Karunaratne, Isuru Udana, Akila Dananjaya, Dushmantha Chameera, Ishan Jayaratne , Ramesh Mendis, Kasun Rajitha, Lahiru Kumara, Asitha Fernando, Lakshan Sandakan, Ashen Bandara, Praveen Jayawickrama, Dhananjaya Lakshan, Pathum Nissanka, Lahiru Udara, Shiran Fernando, Binura Fernando
 

Get Sports news including Cricket Live Updates, Football, Tennis, Badminton, WWE and other Sports on Times Now

LATEST SPORTS NEWS
Only a pragmatic taxation regime will make the online gaming industry viable
We try to help niche companies in India develop into sports professionals: Parimatch
Poker is increasingly gaining popularity as the top mind sport: ACL winner Arun Sriram
GoodGameNation enters partnership with Indian youth community platform Viral Fission
Fantasy Sports is bringing fans closer to lesser-known sports
Now Available On
 
 
 
 
News
Home
India
Business
Viral News
Health
Education
Sports
Videos
World
Latest News
Auto
Cryptonow
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Syndication
Editorial Guidelines
Reference Interconnect Offers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Watch Live TV
Times NOW
ET NOW
Mirror NOW
© Bennett Coleman & Company Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/article/india-vs-sri-lanka-live-streaming-when-and-where-to-watch-ind-vs-sl-1st-t20i-live-in-india/789825 
 ----- 
