The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Cubs shortstop Dansby Swanson looks at return to Atlanta as a chance to ‘recharge’
Notes: Closer Adbert Alzolay and corner infielder Jeimer Candelario are nearing returns.
By  Maddie Lee   Sept 27, 2023, 4:03am UTC

The Cubs’ Dansby Swanson waves to the crowd before batting against the Braves — his former team — at Truist Park on Tuesday. 

John Bazemore/AP

SHARE
COPY LINK

ATLANTA — Dansby Swanson pulled up instead of running into the tag at second, and the Braves had to turn their attention to Cody Bellinger, who was leading off third. The throw gave Swanson the chance to trot into second, and Bellinger returned to third safely.

In a 0-for-4 night at the plate for Swanson, the play hinted at his familiarity with the team in the opposing dugout.

Swanson returned to Truist Park for the first time since leaving the Braves in free agency last winter and signing with the Cubs.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
The Cubs' 'Sandberg Game' started an amazing run
He followed the Cubs as a kid battling cancer, but now he's covered up his tattoo
Cubs edge Mets 1-0 with game-ending double play by Ian Happ, Nick Madrigal and Miguel Amaya
Cubs injury updates: Seiya Suzuki '80% ready to get back on the field'
How the Cubs adjusted their lineup to face Mets left-hander Sean Manaea
Cubs lose to Mets 4-2 as errors add up, offense slows
LATEST STORIES
‘Deli Boys,’ an upcoming Hulu series shot in Chicago, puts South Asians at the center of its humor
Forget the 'wide net,' Bears just need to get a big fish
Derrick Rose shows our city the resilience of Englewood
Nicor's rate hike request, costly Peoples Gas pipeline project are on regulators' agenda
Saying a prayer for Bears general manager Ryan Poles
THE LATEST
DEAR ABBY
Dear Abby: Man apologizes to the girlfriend he cheated on — then blocks her
Mom wants to help her teen daughter understand this strange breakup.
By Abigail Van Buren  Jan 11, 2025, 12:00pm UTC
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Saturday, January 11, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 11, 2025, 6:01am UTC
POLITICS
Trump's company won't ban private foreign deals during his presidency a break with first term policy
“The scale of corruption will be orders of magnitude greater than what we saw in the first Trump administration,” said government ethics lawyer Kathleen Clark of Washington University School of Law in St. Louis. People trying to win Trump’s favor now could provide “massive influxes of cash through ‘investments’ in Trump crypto and real estate ventures.”
By  Bernard Condon | AP  Jan 11, 2025, 5:10am UTC
COLLEGE SPORTS
Ohio State getting shot at sixth national title after win over Texas in CFP semi Cotton Bowl
Ohio State plays Orange Bowl champion Notre Dame in Atlanta on Jan. 20.
By AP  Jan 11, 2025, 5:01am UTC
HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL
Balanced Kankakee beats Crete-Monee
The Kays get it done all over the floor offensively. Four different players hit three-pointers on Friday and five finished in double figures.
By Mike Clark  Jan 11, 2025, 4:39am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2023/9/26/23891881/cubs-dansby-swanson-looks-at-return-to-atlanta-as-a-chance-to-recharge 
 ----- 
