Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Did Seiya Suzuki's Drop Cost the Chicago Cubs Their Season?
The Chicago Cubs were dealt a devastating loss against the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night, blowing a 6-0 lead that ended with Seiya Suzuki's shocking missed ball in the eighth inning.
Brad Wakai | Sep 26, 2023
Did Seiya Suzuki's Drop Cost the Chicago Cubs Their Season? /
In this story:
Chicago Cubs

The Chicago Cubs rolled into their series against the Atlanta Braves coming off a sweep of the Colorado Rockies over the weekend.

That result put them back into the playoff picture, holding the third Wild Card spot ahead of Tuesday night's matchup with the National League's best team.

With their ace Justin Steele on the mound, they had a chance to make a statement to start this series.

That looked like the case in the eighth inning when reliever Drew Smyly induced a fly ball with two outs to right field where sure-handed Seiya Suzuki waited for the ball.

Then, the unthinkable happened.

Suzuki dropped the ball, allowing two runs to score, costing them the game and potentially costing the Cubs their season.

Chicago was once up 6-0 in the sixth inning.

Steele was delivering a gem before he ran into trouble in the bottom half of the sixth inning that saw him give up two earned runs on a homer, a double and a single.

He finished the game with three earned runs after the runner he was responsible for on second base was batted in after he was pulled from the game.

Still, the Cubs got out of the inning up 6-3 and were looking like they were on their way to a big win.

Ronald Acuna Jr. hit a two-run bomb off rookie Javier Assad the next inning to cut the Chicago lead to one.

Then, the devastating moment happened in the eighth inning.

Running to his right to field the routine fly ball, Suzuki completely whiffed. The Braves scored two runs on the error and took a 7-6 lead.

With Cody Bellinger on base in the top of the ninth inning, the right fielder had an opportunity to make amends at the plate.

He struck out and one batter later, the game was over.

It's an absolutely devasting loss for the Cubs, who are now only a half-game up in the Wild Card standings over the Miami Marlins who play a double-header on Wednesday with a chance to overtake Chicago.

It should be noted that this loss isn't completely on Suzuki.

Up 6-0, there's no reason why the Cubs should have lost this game to begin with, but his costly error may have cost them the season.

Now, once again, it will be up to the Chicago players in that locker room to pick themselves up off the mat and get ready for the five most important games of their season.

Or else they'll be watching the playoffs from home.

Published Sep 26, 2023
BRAD WAKAI

Brad Wakai graduated from Penn State University with a degree in Journalism. While an undergrad, he did work at the student radio station covering different Penn State athletic programs like football, basketball, volleyball, soccer and other sports. Brad currently is the Lead Contributor for Nittany Lions Wire of Gannett Media where he continues to cover Penn State athletics. He is also a contributor at FanSided, writing about the Philadelphia 76ers for The Sixers Sense. Brad is the host of the sports podcast I Said What I Said, discussing topics across the NFL, College Football, the NBA and other sports. You can follow him on Twitter: @bwakai

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/cubs/news/did-seiya-suzuki-drop-cost-chicago-cubs-their-season-brad9 
 ----- 
