Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Harris’ success in leadoff spot key for Braves’ stretch run
Share
Harris’ success in leadoff spot key for Braves’ stretch run
September 5th, 2024

Mark Bowman

@mlbbowman
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

ATLANTA -- Braves manager Brian Snitker liked Michael Harris II as a leadoff hitter, then he didn’t, but now he does again.

“It can be really good for us,” Snitker said. “I liked it there in the beginning and then it didn’t seem right. Now, it feels right again.”

Complete coverage: Braves' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

Harris notched his second straight multi-hit game in Atlanta’s 5-2 win over the Rockies on Wednesday night at Truist Park. His catalyst role positions him to maximize the value of the dangerous duo of Marcell Ozuna and Matt Olson, who notched consecutive doubles during a four-run first inning.

“I feel really good right now,” Harris said. “It’s kind of how I felt right before I went down. It sucks to have been out for two months. But now, I’m feeling good after being back for two weeks. I’m just glad to be in that spot and to help produce.”

The days of simply penciling Ronald Acuña Jr.’s name at the top of the lineup ended on May 26, when the reigning National League MVP tore his left ACL. Harris then served as the leadoff hitter against right-handed starters until he strained his left hamstring on June 14.

Jarred Kelenic filled the role for the next six weeks, then handed the torch to Jorge Soler, who was put at the top of the lineup after being acquired from the Giants. Harris moved back into the role after Soler’s hamstring tightened on Aug. 14.

Harris and Whit Merrifield both filled the role over the final two weeks of August, but Harris moved back to the top of the lineup on Sunday -- the Braves would like to keep him there for the rest of the year.

“[You want somebody to] just get the train going,” Kelenic said. “He’s done such a great job since he’s been back and he’s a fun player to watch.”

Kelenic’s three-run homer in the first inning helped the Braves maintain their half-game lead over the Mets in the battle for the National League’s final Wild Card spot. By winning the first two games of this series, Atlanta has also halted a disturbing trend by simply winning the games they are supposed to win.

The Braves lost two of three to the White Sox -- who could record MLB’s worst record in modern history -- and also lost two of three last month to the Rockies, who own the worst record in the NL.

This would be a timely swing as the Braves are set to play 13 of their next 17 games against teams with a losing record. The only games against a team with a winning record within this stretch will come during a four-game home series against the Dodgers from Sept. 13-16.

Related
Braves settle with arbitration-eligible players Kelenic, Lee

January 9th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

How high can Harris fly? 'He's a special talent'

January 9th, 2025

Ohtani's epic 50-50 game leads list of Capital One Plays of the Year

December 31st, 2024

From 'The A' to MLB, Butler and Harris share bond beyond ball

October 8th, 2024

“In this business, those ones you’re supposed to win are hard to win,” Snitker said. “You never know when you’re going to face a team and what kind of roll they could be on.”

Charlie Morton, meanwhile, limited the Rockies to two runs over five innings. Braves starting pitchers have now allowed three runs or fewer in 23 straight games, the longest such streak in the league this year, besting the 22-game run the Yankees had earlier. This is also the longest such streak since the Dodgers did so in 31 straight games back in 2021.

Consistent production at the top of the lineup will be a key down the stretch. Olson struggled through the first four months, but he has a .949 OPS over his past 33 games. Ozuna maintains an outside shot of winning the NL’s Triple Crown. As for Soler, he was in a 3-for-42 skid entering Wednesday before he followed Harris’ sixth-inning double with an RBI single.

But as Soler sits in the lineup’s second spot, he is certainly capable of teaming with Ozuna and Olson to form a powerful trio that would benefit from Harris’ production up top.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Harris is 5-for-13 since moving back into the leadoff spot on Sunday. It’s too early to proclaim that he is the answer, but it’s getting too late to finally find somebody to fill what will ultimately be a very influential role.

“I don’t feel like I have any pressure on me to step up even more,” Harris said. “I’m just doing my job and getting on base and playing good defense and being a good teammate.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Atlanta Braves
Michael Harris II

Supervising Club Reporter Mark Bowman has covered the Braves for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/michael-harris-ii-succeeding-in-braves-leadoff-spot 
 ----- 
