Skip to content
Subscribe Now
21°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESAnalysis
Rockies Mailbag: Why do pitchers rank last in strikeouts? Will Rox cut Kris Bryant loose?
Bud Black says pitchers can throw quality curveballs at Coors. Is he right?
Colorado Rockies’ German Marquez pitches against the New York Mets’ during the first inning of a baseball game, Sunday, July 14, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Noah K. Murray)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
PUBLISHED: September 4, 2024 at 5:45 AM MDT

Denver Post sports writer Patrick Saunders with the latest installment of his Rockies Mailbag.

Pose a Rockies- or MLB-related question for the Rockies Mailbag.

Patrick, I moved to Denver a year ago, and this is my first season following the Rockies closely. One glaring deficiency I’ve observed is the complete inability of the Rockies’ pitching staff to strike out batters. They are dead last in baseball by 116 K’s (the same gap between 29th and 12th place). Is the altitude to blame? Pitching to contact in Coors seems like a disastrous idea. And does the organization view this as a problem worth addressing?

— Dan, Denver

Dan, the timing of your question was perfect. Heading into Tuesday night’s game at Atlanta, Rockies pitchers ranked last in the majors with 943 strikeouts, and the Braves ranked first with 1,293.

Lack of strikeout power is a problem that’s vexed the Rockies for a long time, and I suppose somebody could write a dissertation on the subject. I don’t have time for that here, but I’ll toss out a few theories that have been bandied about through the years:

• The Rockies have simply not drafted or developed (or both), enough quality pitchers through the years.

• Aware of the dangers of pitching at altitude, the Rockies concentrated on sinkerball/slider pitchers for a number of years. The idea was that getting hitters to beat the ball into the dirt was the best way to succeed, hence the relative lack of strikeouts.

The Rockies have since moved away from that strategy, as farm director Chris Forbes told The Post last year in our “Rockie Way” project.

“We’re trying to develop more of a contrast approach than five, 10, 12 years ago in this organization, when it was (a lot of) sinker-slider,” Forbes said. “We have to recognize who can pitch at the top of the zone and who has to stay at the corners and the bottom, but ultimately, we’re letting these guys be themselves.”

• The Rockies face a catch-22. History has shown that pitchers who throw heat at the top of the zone and hunt for K’s tend to burn out pitching in Denver, and as their velocity ebbs, they get hit hard.

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades

I was at the game (Sunday), and (Orioles right-hander) Zach Eflin had our hitters off balance. Bud Black pointed out that this illustrates that a curveball can “play” at Coors Field. Is the “common knowledge” that a ball doesn’t break as well here really true? Has it become an excuse for poor pitching? Others seem to be able to come in here and pitch well.

As always, thank you for your great coverage and for your time.

— Frank, Denver 

Frank, thanks for reading my Rockies content; it’s very much appreciated. You pose a great question in the wake of what Black said.

There is no question that the ball breaks less in Denver’s high altitude. That’s not based on anecdotal evidence but also on multiple studies over the years, including one in 2019 by FanGraphs. The general consensus is that a curveball typically breaks 2-3 inches less at Coors Field than it does at sea level. Through the years, pitchers have worked on adjusting their approach at Coors, changing their sites (targets) when they pitch at Coors.

Some pitchers have decent success making the adjustment, but many others not so much. Rockies players — both pitchers and hitters — struggle with making adjustments from home games to road games.

As for Black’s comments, he hates when his pitchers use Coors Field as an excuse for a poor performance. He goes out of his way to erase some of the stigma of pitching at Coors. He wants his pitchers to pitch — using their entire arsenal. He understands that his pitchers will get beat up, particularly on hot, dry summer days, but he’s fine with that as long as they outperform the opposition.

With the recent addition to the injured list for Lucas Gilbreath, German Marquez’s quick exit, and Antonio Senzatela not ready for the Rockies rotation, are pitching injuries on the rise? The Dodgers and Orioles have been hit hard, just to name a few teams. What’s with the voodoo from the pitching mound?

— Robert Emmerling, Limon

Robert, thanks for getting back in the Rockies Mailbag mix. As you probably know, the Rockies were actually doing pretty well dodging pitching injuries until last year when Marquez, Senzatela, Gibreath, Daniel Bard and multiple prospects suffered elbow injuries and had to have Tommy John surgery.

Many stories have been written about the rise in pitcher injuries, including one I wrote during spring training. Also, ESPN.com had an excellent story this spring in which several of the major league’s best pitchers weighed in on the “voodoo”, as you call it. The general consensus is that pitchers who go hunting for high velocity all of the time will run into trouble, probably sooner rather than later.

So for the players you mentioned, Senzatela will likely make a couple of starts for Colorado this season, but Marquez and Gilbreath are done.

Is Bud Black coming back next year? Back-to-back 100-loss seasons and three straight years at the bottom of the division doesn’t make for a great resume.

— Scott, Colorado Springs

Scott, I wrote about this topic recently, saying that whether he stays or goes, Blacks has deserved better talent than he’s been given.

But I understand why fans believe that a change needs to be made. The Rockies have already clinched their sixth consecutive losing season and are on pace to lose 102 games. My argument is that no matter who steered the Rockies ship in recent years, the lack of talent, combined with injuries to a number of pitchers, basically guaranteed losing seasons.

With this season being toast, what do you see the lineup and rotation being for next year?

— Mike, Denver

Wow, Mike, you really are Mr. Wait ‘Til Next Year.

A lot can happen between now and the opening day of 2025, but here is my projection, followed by some major caveats that will change things, as early as  May.

Lineup
C — Drew Romo
1B — Michael Toglia
2B — Brendan Rodgers
3B — Ryan McMahon
SS — Ezequiel Tover
LF — Jordan Beck
CF — Brenton Doyle
RF — Zac Veen
DH — Kris Bryant

Rotation
LHP — Kyle Freeland
LHP — Austin Gomber
RHP — Cal Quantrill
RHP — German Marquez
RHP — Antonio Senzatela

Now for my caveats:

• I do believe the Rockies will attempt to trade several players during the offseason, including Rodgers, Gomber and Quantrill, all of whom will be entering the final year of their contracts. Trades could drastically alter the roster.

• With many young, talented starters nearing their big-league debuts, I could see the rotation looking much different than the one I projected. No. 1 prospect Chase Dollander will be part of the rotation next season, perhaps very early.

• I have concerns about Marquez’s future. His elbow issues could be a much bigger deal than the Rockies have indicated, and with only one year left on his contract, I don’t know what his future in Colorado will be.

Kris Bryant’s under contract for, sigh, four more seasons. What is the best-case scenario we can see from him? Slashing .250/.332/.381 in 159 games for $78 million over the last three years is maddening.

— Marshall, Parker

Marshall, you forgot to mention that Bryant has hit only 17 home runs in 617 plate appearances with the Rockies over the past three seasons. That’s a 2.8% home run rate that falls below the major league average of 3.1%.

Colorado Rockies outfielder Kris Bryant (23) watch the game from the dugout during a game against the Boston Red Sox at Coors Field in Denver on Tuesday, July 23, 2024. (Photo by Zachary Spindler-Krage/The Denver Post)

The best-case scenario is that Bryant works hard to strengthen his back during the offseason — I’m told he does not need surgery, but you never know — and becomes a decent designated hitter. There is no place for Bryant on the field because the Rockies have younger players who are much better fielders in the outfield and first base.

If Bryant ever gets healthy enough to play a full season, I could see him hitting .275 with 15-20 homers. Considering that the Rockies still owe Bryant $107 million through 2028, it’s been a disastrous free-agent signing.

Would the Rockies simply eat all of that money and cut Bryant loose? I’ve been told they are not contemplating that right now. But if it does happen down the road, I would not be shocked.

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Around the Web
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Leave You Shocked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From The Store
learnitwise
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
The One and Only Wd40 Trick Everyone Should Know
habittribe
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
North Charleston: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
Moerie
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Lioness Finds Scared Baby Deer and Then the Most Unexpected Thing Takes Place
hightally
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Warning Signs That You Have TNBC (Examine Closely)
TNBC Treatment I Search Ads
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Three Banks Introduce 12 Per Cent Interest Rates on Savings Accounts
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
15 Worst Foods You Can't Eat at Breakfast
Health Natural
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Health News | Joint Pain
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive | Search Ads
10 Foods People Over 50 Should Avoid at All Costs!
HEALTH NATURAL
Going Bald? Do This Immediately if Your Hair is Thinning (It's Genius)
WG Hair Restore
Hidden Cause of Tinnitus Discovered (Nothing to Do With Your Ears or Hearing)
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Surgeon: Unclog Your Arteries by 93% (Without Giving Up Salt)
WellnessGaze Heart
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Forget Glasses: Natural Method Fix Blurry Vision Fast
WellnessGaze Vision
Bone on Bone Joints? Try This 15 Second Solution
Healthier Living Tips
Park Ranger Evacuates The Area When He Realizes What In The Nest
Outlier Model
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Eye-opening Discovery Awaits You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
This Simple After-Dinner Ritual Might Help You Get Rid of Stubborn Body Fat!
The Daily Survivor
Urologist: Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Prostate
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
Digital Guardian for Parents: Our App's Promise of Harmony for Screen Time!
Qustodio
Storage Units 10x20 Prices Will Surprise You! Find out More!
Storage Units I Search Ads
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
1 killed, 2 injured in string of stabbings along Denver’s 16th Street Mall
Keeler: Sean Payton let Bo Nix, Broncos down in humbling NFL playoffs loss to Buffalo
Renck: Playoff blowout to Bills shows how far away Sean Payton’s Broncos are from being contenders — botched call or not
Broncos four downs: Buffalo delivers Sean Payton, Denver season knockout and clinic on how to win in the playoffs
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
The Broncos’ 2024 season is over. Here’s an early look at their 2025 opponents.
Immigrants in Denver weighing options — from self-deporting to fleeing to Canada — ahead of Trump presidency
Macy's, Kohl's to shut stores as part of plan targeting underperforming locations
Broncos report card: Offense fizzles, Vance Joseph’s defense overwhelmed in blowout wild card loss to Buffalo
Aaron Gordon stars off bench in return from injury, Nuggets storm back from down 19 at Mavericks
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
2024
September
4
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/04/rockies-mailbag-kris-bryant-pitchers-strikeouts/ 
 ----- 
