Skip to content
Subscribe Now
21°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESNews
Braves’ Whit Merrifield rips Rockies’ Jeff Criswell, state of MLB pitching, after getting hit in the head
Criswell’s fastball hit Merrifield in back of the head
Whit Merrifield #15 of the Atlanta Braves is hit in the head by a pitch during the seventh inning against the Colorado Rockies at Truist Park on Sept. 3, 2024 in Atlanta, Georgia. (Photo by Todd Kirkland/Getty Images)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 4, 2024 at 11:58 AM MDT

Rockies rookie reliever Jeff Criswell cut loose with a 94.5 mph fastball in the seventh inning Tuesday night.

The pitch got away from the right-hander and hit Braves second baseman Whit Merrifield in the back of the head. After the Braves’ 3-0 victory, Merrifield let loose a torrent of criticism about the “pathetic” state of major league pitching.

“It’s bulls—; it’s driving me nuts,” Merrifield told reporters in Atlanta. “I hate where the game is at right now with that.”

Merrifield added that “something terrible is going to happen” if baseball doesn’t address the issue of pitchers throwing high, wild and inside.

Criswell’s rising fastball sailed behind Merrifield’s head and clipped the second baseman in the batting helmet just behind his left ear. As Merrifield got up from the ground and wobbled on one knee, he shouted angrily at Criswell.

Merrifield became the fourth Braves player to be hit — and injured — by wildly thrown fastballs within the past month.

Star third baseman Austin Riley will likely miss the rest of the regular season after suffering a broken hand when he was hit by a 97 mph pitch last month. Center fielder Michael Harris II and veteran catcher Travis d’Arnaud also missed time last month after being hit.

“It’s just ridiculous,” Merrifield told reporters. “Where the game is at right now, it’s just ridiculous. … The way pitchers are throwing now, there’s no remorse or regard for throwing up and in. Guys are throwing hard as they can and they don’t care where the ball goes.”

Merrifield criticized teams for calling up pitchers who, he said, have no business being on a big-league mound.

“Teams are bringing pitchers up that don’t know where the hell the ball is going,” he said. “They throw 100 miles an hour, so they’re like, ‘All right, we’ll see if he can get the guys out. Just set up down the middle and throw it as hard as you can.’ And it’s bulls—.”

Merrifield was also upset that there are no consequences for pitchers who plunk batters.

“It’s bulls—. You can’t hit a guy anymore back,” he said. “There’s no fear of, ‘Oh, if I hit this guy, then our guy is going to get hit.’ That’s not the game anymore. Pitchers don’t have to hit anymore, so they don’t have to stand in the box.”

Merrifield, a player representative on Major League Baseball’s competition committee, said he planned to discuss the issue with other committee members during a meeting on Wednesday.

Merrifield said baseball is playing a dangerous game.

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades

“I watched Taylor Ward get hit in the face last year and have to get reconstructive surgery,” Merrifield said. “Justin Turner got hit in the face last year. It’s happening at an exponential rate. Guys are getting hit in the hand. Mookie Betts broke a bone in his hand this year.

“It’s just ridiculous and it has to be fixed or God forbid, something terrible is going to happen. If this hits me in a different spot — it’s just pathetic. It’s frankly pathetic some of the pitchers we’re running out there that don’t know where the ball is going at the major league level. And it’s got to be fixed.”

Braves manager Brian Snitker said Merrifield passed the concussion protocol and might be able to play in Wednesday night’s game against the Rockies. But Merrifield was angry that he had to leave Tuesday’s game while Criswell continued pitching.

“I’m out of the game, but he gets to stay in and pitch,” Merrifield said. “I’m probably not going to be able to play (Wednesday), but (there are no) repercussions on his part. I mean, without being over dramatic, that was my life on the line right there. So I’m sick of it. It’s happening way too much out there.”

The Associated Press contributed to this report

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Originally Published: September 4, 2024 at 9:49 AM MDT
Around the Web
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Diabetes Freedom
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling Out on Amazon - Find Out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Looking Twice!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria: Symptoms & Signs That Cannot Be Ignored
Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
North Charleston: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From The Store
learnitwise
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
Moerie
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer No One Expected to Be True!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Bloating, Constipation & Gas? Do This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze News
Anyone With Hair Loss Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WG Hair Restore
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Breakfast: 15 Worst Foods You Cannot Eat at Breakfast!
HEALTH NATURAL
Do You Know What Squamous Cell Carcinoma Is? Look!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
Surgeon: Toenail Fungus? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Derma
Over 50 & Swollen Legs? Do This to Help Drain Edema Fluid
WellnessGaze Edema
Forget Vitamin B, Do This if You Have Neuropathy & Nerve Pain
Wellness Gaze Nuero
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
TardiveDyskinesia | Search Ads
Hidden Cause of Tinnitus Discovered (Nothing to Do With Your Ears or Hearing)
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Vertigo & Dizziness? Do This Immediately (At Home)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
Don't Eat These Foods if You're over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Diabetes? Do This to Lower Blood Sugar (Naturally)
WellnessGaze Diabetes
7 Bipolar Symptoms Most People Are Unaware Of! (Take a Quiz Test)
Bipolar Test I Search Ads
Early Signals of AML Leukemia You Should Definitely Know About (Take a Look)
Leukemia Treatment
Dermatologist Begs Americans to Fight Wrinkles With This Tip (Watch)
WellnessGaze Skin
Dentists Hate This: One Simple Trick Erases Years of Tooth Decay
WellnessGaze Dental
10 Most Harmful Foods for Dinner
Health Natural
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Daily horoscope for Jan. 13, 2025
Michael Malone almost shut down Jamal Murray at halftime in Dallas. Then Murray catalyzed a comeback win: “He’s not 100% healthy.”
1 killed, 2 injured in string of stabbings along Denver’s 16th Street Mall
Renck: Playoff blowout to Bills shows how far away Sean Payton’s Broncos are from being contenders — botched call or not
Keeler: Sean Payton let Bo Nix, Broncos down in humbling NFL playoffs loss to Buffalo
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
Broncos defense bullied by Bills’ rushing attack in wild-card round loss: “We never had an answer”
Today in History: January 13, Trump becomes first president to be impeached twice
A celebration of women’s hockey in Colorado sets American attendance record for PWHL Takeover
PHOTOS: Denver Broncos knocked out of playoffs, lose 31-7 to Buffalo Bills in AFC wild-card game
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
2024
September
4
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/04/braves-whit-merrifield-rips-rockies-jeff-criswell-pitch-hits-head/ 
 ----- 
