NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Braves' Whit Merrifield sounds off after being hit in head by pitch
Sportsnet Staff
@Sportsnet
September 04, 2024 - 10:41am

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-13:c4de5b4e50053d853cf3f550 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Watch as Jeff Criswell throws an errant pitch that catches Whit Merrifield in the back of the head, and forces the Braves' batter to leave the game in frustration.
24 comments

Tuesday night's game between the Atlanta Braves and Colorado Rockies served as a reminder that baseball certainly isn't a sport without its dangers.

Braves veteran infielder Whit Merrifield spoke out, venting his frustrations following an early exit from the game after he was hit in the back of the head by a pitch from Rockies rookie hurler Jeff Criswell.

"Where the game's at right now, it's just ridiculous," Merrifield said post-game. "We lost [Austin] Riley, we almost lost [Michael Harris II], we almost lost [Travis] D'Arnaud in the span of two or three weeks. The way pitchers are throwing now, there's no remorse or regard for throwing up and in.

"The guys are throwing as hard as they can, they don't care where the ball goes. It's just [expletive]."

The former Blue Jay was struck by a 94.5 m.p.h. fastball that rode way up and nailed him at the top of his neck, leaving a welt behind his ear.

He managed to get up and leave the game under his own weight but shouted some choice words at the Rockies pitcher as he was looked at by trainers and while he walked off the field.

Though he passed concussion protocol after the game and was set to undergo a CT scan, to him, what happened on Tuesday was more emblematic of a league-wide phenomenon rather than a one-off, scary instance.

"You can't hit a guy back anymore. There's no fear that 'Oh if I hit this guy, our guy is gonna get hit.' That's not in the game anymore. Pitchers don't have to hit anymore so they don't have to stand in the box and teams are bringing pitchers up that don't know where the ball is going.

"It's driving me nuts. I hate where the game is at right now."

Merrifield is a member of the MLB Competition Committee and said that they'd be having a meeting on Wednesday to discuss rule changes geared toward preventing instances like this from occurring.

The 35-year-old joined the Braves earlier this summer as a free agent after being released by the Phillies. In the time that he's been with the team, the Braves lost Autin Riley to a broken hand on Aug. 18, Travis D'Arnaud to a forearm contusion and nearly lost Michael Harris II to a hand injury. All of these injuries occurred due to hit-by-pitches.

He also pointed out major injuries to players like Mookie Betts, Taylor Ward and Justin Turner.

"Without being overly dramatic, that was my life on the line right there," Merrifield said. "I'm sick of it, it's happening way too much ... It's just ridiculous, it has to be fixed. Or, God forbid, something terrible's going to happen."

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Guerrero Jr. reaching new heights with Blue Jays: ‘Best hitter in the world’
Yankees’ Holmes blows MLB-worst 11th save
MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Canada's next generation looks toward 2026 WBC
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/braves-whit-merrifield-sounds-off-after-being-hit-in-head-by-pitch/ 
 ----- 
