Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
One comeback thwarted, Guards focus on their next
Share
One comeback thwarted, Guards focus on their next
October 19th, 2024

Martín Gallegos

@MartinJGallegos
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

CLEVELAND -- For a moment, it looked as if Jhonkensy Noel was going to bring the house down again.

One night after causing pandemonium amongst the Cleveland faithful with a dramatic pinch-hit game-tying two-run home run in the ninth inning of the instant classic that was Game 3 of the American League Championship Series, Noel came off the bench Friday night in the seventh inning of Game 4 in a similar spot. The Guardians were trailing by one run, Lane Thomas, who was on base for Noel’s homer the previous night, was on first after drawing a walk.

Facing Yankees reliever Mark Leiter Jr., Noel fiercely connected on a 1-1 sweeper from the right-hander that had the look of another miraculous late-inning moment. It caused the entire Guardians dugout, along with the crowd at Progressive Field, to rise as one. Could the man they call “Big Christmas” really have just done it two nights in a row?

Much like Thursday night, Noel’s drive went to deep left field. This time, though, it died out at the warning track, with Alex Verdugo running under it for the second out of the inning. There would be no Noel magic on this night, as the Guardians fell to the Yankees, 8-6, and are on the brink of elimination in this best-of-seven series at 3-1.

“I thought maybe [Noel] got enough to get it off the wall,” Guardians manager Stephen Vogt said. “I knew it wasn't going to be a homer. I thought it may get into that little angled wall. Verdugo made a nice play. It looked like it was about five feet short from hitting off the wall.”

Related
Who will snag Guardians' No. 5 starter spot?

January 8th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

4 reasons why CC Sabathia should be a Hall of Famer

January 6th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

What's next for Guardians approaching 2025 season

January 4th, 2025

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

The Guardians have their backs pressed against the proverbial wall. In all best-of-seven postseason series, the team leading 3-1 after four games has gone on to win the series 79 of 93 times (85%). Of the 14 teams to rally from a 3-1 deficit, the most recent was the 2020 Dodgers, in the NLCS against the Braves. Under the current 2-3-2 format, teams with a 3-1 lead and playing Game 5 on the road have gone on to win the series 42 of 49 times (86%).

As bleak as the situation might seem, if there is one team that might have the necessary qualities to overcome such a spot, it might just be this Guardians squad. All year long, this team has made a habit of fighting back.

Yankees-Guardians ALCS Game 5 FAQ

The Guardians do not quit, showing that again while overcoming a 6-2 deficit to tie Game 4 in the eighth on David Fry’s infield single that was misplayed by Leiter Jr. and allowed Bo Naylor to score from third.

“We have them right where we want them,” catcher Austin Hedges said with a smile. “Backs against the wall all year. No one ever believes in us, and we’re the guys that believe in each other. We’ve just got to win one game, and that’s [Saturday].”

The Guardians’ lone win in this series required a full team effort. After Emmanuel Clase shockingly blew a save in the eighth, the Guardians answered with Noel’s homer to tie it and ended it with Fry’s walk-off homer in the 10th.

Even after another unexpected Clase hiccup on Friday -- the All-Star closer allowed two runs in the top of the ninth -- the Guardians mounted a last-gasp rally in the bottom half. A walk by Noel and single by Andrés Giménez brought the go-ahead run to the plate with one out before Yankees reliever Tommy Kahnle sealed the victory.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Given Cleveland’s supreme resiliency, the Yankees know better than to look ahead to a potential World Series.

“No lead is safe,” Yankees slugger Giancarlo Stanton said. “It's a great team over there. … That's what shows that we need every single person on our team to contribute in some way, and we're going to need everybody.”

This is not the first time these Guardians have been in this spot this postseason. They also faced elimination in the AL Division Series against the Tigers before prevailing in five games on the heroics of a grand slam by Thomas. So how will they come out in a must-win Game 5 on Saturday?

“Same way we always do,” Vogt said. “We're going to show up ready to win. That's who these guys are. When our backs are against the wall, we play our best baseball. We don't quit. This team has no quit in it. It hasn't all year long.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians

Martín Gallegos covers the A's for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

2:56 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

Can this AL West team swoop in on Sasaki?

January 8th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/guardians-unbowed-facing-alcs-elimination-game 
 ----- 
