 
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Soccer
Premier League
MLS
NFL
NBA
MLB
NHL
Boxing
MMA
Golf
Tennis
F1
WWE
More
Login
Privacy Policy Feedback
Thursday, Jan 9th 2025 10AM 50°F 
1PM 58°F 
5-Day Forecast
ADVERTISEMENT
Travis Kelce ecstatic as Cleveland Guardians snatch dramatic MLB playoff win over New York Yankees
READ MORE: Travis Kelce jokes he did 'nothing' on bye week with Taylor Swift
READ MORE: How much Kelce's jewelry for Yankees date with Swift cost

By OLIVER SALT

PUBLISHED: 21:26 EST, 17 October 2024 | UPDATED: 23:46 EST, 17 October 2024

e-mail
39
shares

14

View comments

A jubilant Travis Kelce couldn't contain his delight after the Cleveland Guardians' dramatic MLB playoff win over the New York Yankees on Thursday night.

The Guardians produced an astonishing late comeback in their American League Championship battle with the Yankees, who were poised to go 3-0 up in the series when back-to-back home runs helped fire them into a 5-3 lead before the ninth.

Yet just as it seemed New York was on the cusp of the World Series, outfielder Jhonkensy Noel forced an extra-inning after a sensational game-tying home run, before utility player David Fry proved the hero for Cleveland with a walk-off homer.

And Kelce, who was born around 15 miles west of Cleveland, was left ecstatic after his beloved baseball team's remarkable victory on home turf.

The NFL  star wrote on X after the game: 'Playoff baseball baby!!! @CleGuardians have the city absolutely ROCKIN TONIGHT!! What a game!'

+
4
View gallery

Travis Kelce was left ecstatic after the Cleveland Guardians' dramatic win on Thursday night

+
4
View gallery

The Guardians produced an astonishing late comeback to beat the New York Yankees

READ MORE
Why Travis Kelce had 'mixed feelings' over Taylor Swift date night at Yankees-Guardians 

Kelce was in attendance for Game 1 of the series on Monday night after heading to Yankee Stadium with girlfriend Taylor Swift.

The loved-up couple watched on as New York stormed into a 1-0 lead over Cleveland, with Swift left speechless at one stage after an incredible home run from Yankees star Juan Soto.

It was the second sporting event Travis and Taylor have attended in the Big Apple in recent weeks, having watched the men's US Open tenis final with friends Patrick and Brittany Mahomes on September 8. 

As they took the Bronx by storm, Kelce was seen wearing a Monogram Craggy Necklace while cozying up with the pop megastar in their suite.

The statement piece retails at $975 and added flare to an otherwise minimalistic outfit from the Kansas City Chiefs tight end.

Kelce has been enjoying a week of quality time with Swift during his team's bye week. 

The reigning champions don't return to action until Sunday, when they face the San Francisco 49ers in a Super Bowl rematch, after their last outing on October 7

Kelce took to social media to heap praise on his beloved baseball team after their victory

+
4
View gallery

He was in attendance for Game 1 of the series on Monday night with girlfriend Taylor Swift 

Taylor Swift greets fan as she and Travis Kelce leave Yankees game
Loaded: 0%
Progress: 0%
0:00
Previous
Play
Skip
Mute
Current Time
0:00
/
Duration Time
0:16
Full Size
Need Text

Kelce has ensured he soaks up every moment he can spare with his girlfriend before she hits the road again for her Eras Tour on Friday, despite joking he did 'nothing' on his bye week in a clip on TikTok.

He was left a happy man on Thursday night after Cleveland rose from the dead to claim victory over New York. 

In a wild, back-and-forth contest that required the intensity of extra innings, the Guardians took Game 3 of the ALCS with a 7-5 win. 

Cleveland took a 3-1 lead in the game before surrendering back-to-back home runs to Aaron Judge  and Giancarlo Stanton - giving the Yankees a 4-3 lead in the top of the eighth that was extended to 5-3 the following inning.

But it was pinch hitter Jhonkensy Noel that tied the game with a colossal two-run home run that forced extra innings. 

There, in the bottom of the tenth, with a runner on third-base, David Fry launched a 399 foot blast to give Cleveland the victory.

New York Yankees
Travis Kelce
Cleveland Guardians
Share or comment on this article: Travis Kelce ecstatic as Cleveland Guardians snatch dramatic MLB playoff win over New York Yankees
e-mail
39
shares
Add comment
Recommended by
Bing
Site Web
Enter search term:
Search
 
 
STARS OF SPORT
Tom Brady's $375m deal with Fox Sports is over, ex-MLB boss claims in stunning attack on Raiders owner
Frank Wycheck diagnosed with CTE after being found dead in 2023 at age 52, his family announce
USA Olympic hero Gary Hall Jr. fears he's lost his gold medals to LA fires after fleeing Pacific Palisades
LA wildfires spread perilously close to Riviera Country Club, threatening Tiger Woods' PGA Tour event
ADVERTISEMENT
Clay Travis calls iconic sportscaster 'a d***head' for crass comments about LA fires and James Woods
ADVERTISEMENT
 
KEEP UPDATED WITH DAILY MAIL SPORT USA ON TIKTOK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MORE SPORTS STARS
Supercomputer predicts who will make the Super Bowl as Travis Kelce and the Chiefs fight for three-peat
Everton SACK manager Sean Dyche just three hours BEFORE they play in the FA Cup, as club captain Seamus Coleman takes charge tonight - and David Moyes could ret...
Olivia Dunne explains shock career move after Travis Kelce commercial and Paul Skenes romance
Drunk Raiders star Charles Snowden's shock response to cops after being arrested in Las Vegas
ADVERTISEMENT
What Bill Belichick wants to make shock NFL return weeks after college move amid Tom Brady Raiders links
Novak Djokovic incredibly claims he was POISONED with 'lead' while in Australia's vaccine 'jail', as he refuses to back down on the Covid jab row and says he's ...
Notre Dame football team ravaged by flu ahead of CFP semifinal and Orange Bowl against Penn State
EXCLUSIVERevealed: Hulk Hogan's backstage reaction to getting booed at WWE's Netflix debut in LA
Has a love-hate relationship with fans 
Eagle-eyed NFL fans spot the moment Tyreek Hill quit on Dolphins against the Jets
Watch insane moment Penn State's stadium collapses to kickstart $700m renovations
Transformation of aging Beaver Stadium began at the weekend
Jemele Hill feuds with Antonio Brown over ex-NFL star's vulgar comment in wake of Joy Taylor lawsuit
Women's college basketball team with trans player refuses to play Christian school
Ex-NFL star suggests Fox Sports sex scandal involving Joy Taylor cost him his job
Marcellus Wiley hinted that the alleged 'love triangle' hurt him
Michael Strahan leaves fans fuming with response to Rob Gronkowski ranting about New England Patriots
ADVERTISEMENT
Falcons 'have already made a decision' on future of $180m flop Kirk Cousins after awful first season
Mike Tyson's friend claims fight with Jake Paul was 'rigged' - as he reveals the moment he believes proves bout was fixed
Knicks fans pummel each other in the stands at MSG as shocking video emerges from Raptors game
Premier League star accused of rape: Prosecutors are 'carefully reviewing' file of evidence handed to CPS by the police this week
Who is Noushin Faraji? The hairstylist at center of blockbuster Fox Sports lawsuit involving Skip Bayless and Joy Taylor
NEWCASTLE CONFIDENTIAL: The truth about Elliot Anderson and buy-back clauses, latest on Alexander Isak's hamstring scare and what NUFC plan to do in January win...
Buffalo Bills release stunning images of $2.1billion stadium as team prepares for playoff push
Fox Sports' Joy Taylor slept with ex-NFL star Emmanuel Acho and network exec to advance career, suit claims
Who is Richard Giannotti? Joy Taylor's ex-husband who she allegedly cheated on with Fox Sports coworkers
Baltimore Ravens suffer major playoffs blow as Zay Flowers is ruled out of Steelers wild card game
ADVERTISEMENT
Joy Taylor's shocking views on romantic standards resurface amid sex claims in Fox Sports lawsuit
Biles' NFL husband Owens is ripped by fans after awful attempt at the Lambeau Leap
Not quite as good a leap as we saw from Simone in Paris last summer 
Liverpool fans unite after Elon Musk's father reveals the billionaire wants to buy the Reds in bombshell interview - and claim the world's richest man would 'wi...
Danica Patrick destroys Gavin Newsom over LA wildfires in furious social media attack
Rodrigo Bentancur posts health update as fiancee rushes to his hospital bedside after worrying mystery collapse and nine minutes of treatment on the pitch in To...
Travis Kelce gives awkward summary of New York trip with Taylor Swift
Kelce brothers were reflecting on how they spent the holidays
Jason Kelce reveals advice he gave wife Kylie before she launched her podcast that toppled Joe Rogan
Amad Diallo signs new five-year Manchester United deal as starlet is rewarded for being rare shining light during torrid Old Trafford campaign
Kansas City Chiefs endure another travel nightmare as blizzard leaves team stranded in Denver after blowout loss
Joy Taylor gives her verdict on Chiefs' three-peat chances as she makes Super Bowl prediction amid lawsuit
Deion Sanders opens door to coaching in NFL and names one opportunity that could lure him away from Colorado
NFL fans have same hilarious reaction to Titans' request to interview Browns' Catherine Hickman for GM opening
Liverpool suffer travel nightmare after Tottenham defeat as flight back 'is diverted due to weather conditions and Arne Slot is forced to cancel training'
Father of Georgia coach Kirby Smart dead after falling during Sugar Bowl trip to New Orleans
Inside the Kansas City Chiefs' travel chaos: Travis Kelce lifts the lid on team's Denver nightmare
ADVERTISEMENT
Russell Crowe is accused of hiding the 'real' reason he shot down bombshell report that he is trying to sell his stake in Souths
NFL star calls out Travis Kelce over New Heights comments
Jared Goff's swimsuit model wife details exact moment the Detroit Lions transformed into a great team
Nottingham Forest's merry band of misfits: How the Premier League's big surprise team took unpopular players and manager from the rich... and the incredible sta...
Ronnie O'Sullivan's MELTDOWN: Fuming snooker legend pulls out of event and throws his cue in the BIN after string of bizarre antics in a rage
Dallas Cowboys reach decision on Chicago Bears' request to interview head coach Mike McCarthy
Owner Jerry Jones has made up his mind  
Roberto Carlos breaks silence on claims that he is sleeping at Real Madrid's training ground - after 'divorcing wife and mother of two of his ELEVEN children am...
Reporter who slammed NFL Network's lack of diversity announces retirement after settling retaliation lawsuit
Angel Reese and Gabby Thomas stun on Vogue covers as athletes beam about their love of fashion
Took center stage for the iconic fashion magazine
Man United's new power structure revealed and who calls the shots now after major shake-up - plus the candidate impressing Arsenal chiefs in sporting director s...
ADVERTISEMENT
Coleen Rooney reveals Donald Trump's flirty comment to her in front of his son Barron at the White House
Championship club SACK their manager amid fear of back-to-back relegations having won just one game in their last six matches
Travis Kelce's punishment revealed by NFL for his celebration after breaking Tony Gonzalez's Chiefs record
Former Liverpool goalkeeper Loris Karius 'handed a career lifeline at fallen European giant' after his TV presenter wife told him to LEAVE 'very inconvenient' N...
Arsenal transfer briefing: SAMI MOKBEL reveals the latest on Alexander Isak pursuit and the reasons why Gunners did not sign a striker last summer
Bill Simmons goes viral for his reaction  to glamorous Nikki Bella dancing for the cameras at WWE RAW
Fans hail Colin Cowherd's unlikely 'win' in bombshell Fox Sports lawsuit
Texas-Ohio State Cotton Bowl playoff game in doubt as winter storm heads for Dallas area
Nick Kyrgios opens up on emotional turmoil with fresh injury woes threatening to ruin his Australian Open comeback - as he reveals shocking fact about his repai...
Stirring moment fans chant U-S-A at Sugar Bowl in tribute to New Orleans terror attack victims
ADVERTISEMENT
Why Jordan Pickford is now England's most important player - and the two surprising names on Thomas Tuchel's watchlist to succeed Everton goalkeeper
Frances Tiafoe opens up on taking shots with Taylor Swift and his offer from Travis Kelce and Patrick Mahomes
Rodrigo Bentancur to be kept away from Tottenham's training ground until given the all-clear by club medics after worrying on-pitch collapse in win over Liverpo...
NFL team stops media watching its quarterback practice amid huge injury concern before playoff showdown
Dave Portnoy issues savage response to Jason Whitlock
After the podcaster called Barstool Sports chief 'a sexual degenerate' in rant over Joy Taylor
NFL fans are all saying the same thing after Chiefs suffer stunning 38-0 loss without Kelce and Mahomes
Maya Jama's 'new love interest' Ruben Dias poses shirtless in magazine shoot - after Love Island host addressed the rumours of dating Man City superstar
Revealed: Former Brazil star Hulk's 'wedding vows after he married his ex-wife's NIECE in £2.6m ceremony'
NFL issues major statement on Vikings-Rams playoff game amid horrific Los Angeles wildfires
The league continues to monitor the situation  
Revealed: The rules that let Tottenham wonderkid Lucas Bergvall, 18, slip through Man United's fingers... as fans are left livid by old uncovered photo
ADVERTISEMENT
Football coach, 43, who punched teenage linesman to the floor in mid-game attack as his team lost 8-0 avoids prison
German football club mourn death of 22-year-old midfielder Luca Meixner, who was 'found dead in his bed' just two days after Christmas
Antonio Brown makes vile comment about Joy Taylor's outfit after her return to Fox amid bombshell lawsuit
Travis Kelce reveals the only time of year he wouldn't marry Taylor Swift
Travis Hunter and fiancee Leanna Lenee return to public spotlight after string of controversies
Is the happy couple back to normal after Heisman? 
NFL team locks in 2025 No. 1 Draft pick after dramatic reshuffle on final day of the season
ADVERTISEMENT
Bayless 'offered Fox Sports hair stylist $1.5m to have sex with him', bombshell lawsuit claims
Shocking allegations in 42-page suit filed in LA 
Las Vegas Raiders fire Antonio Pierce in first head coach change since the arrival of Tom Brady
What next for the Las Vegas Raiders? 
Tottenham goalkeeper Antonin Kinsky shares emotional embrace with his sister in the crowd after keeping clean sheet against Liverpool on debut - just days after...
Tim Wakefield's Florida mansion 'sells for $3.8million'
This comes more than a year after his death and 11 months after his widow Stacy's 
ADVERTISEMENT
Small detail in this photo of reigning Australian Open champions proves just how well paid tennis's best stars are
Follow
Daily Mail Sport
 
Subscribe
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@mailsport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
 
Follow
@MailSport
 
Follow
Daily Mail
Get the MLB RSS feed
RSS
 
My Yahoo!
 
Feedly
More RSS feeds...
Today's headlines
Most Read
Everton SACK manager Sean Dyche just three hours BEFORE they play in the FA Cup, as club captain Seamus...
Novak Djokovic incredibly claims he was POISONED with 'lead' while in Australia's vaccine 'jail', as he...
Man United's new power structure revealed and who calls the shots now after major shake-up - plus the...
Amad Diallo signs new five-year Manchester United deal as starlet is rewarded for being rare shining light...
Maya Jama's 'new love interest' Ruben Dias poses shirtless in magazine shoot - after Love Island host...
Ad Feature
Can Watford upset Fulham in tonight's FA Cup clash at Craven Cottage? The Hornets are 11/2 outsiders to win...
Liverpool suffer travel nightmare after Tottenham defeat as flight back 'is diverted due to weather...
Rodrigo Bentancur to be kept away from Tottenham's training ground until given the all-clear by club medics...
Why Graham Potter chose West Ham for his second coming and what he has learned from his damaging seven...
Premier League star accused of rape: Prosecutors are 'carefully reviewing' file of evidence handed to CPS by...
PLAY TEAMSHEET: Can YOU remember the Chelsea team that secured a dramatic 4-4 draw with champions Man City...
Nottingham Forest's merry band of misfits: How the Premier League's big surprise team took unpopular players...
NEWCASTLE CONFIDENTIAL: The truth about Elliot Anderson and buy-back clauses, latest on Alexander Isak's...
Why Jordan Pickford is now England's most important player - and the two surprising names on Thomas Tuchel's...
Mikel Arteta will have to deal with ANOTHER new ball in Man United FA Cup clash - days after Arsenal boss...
Premier League club 'WILL keep picking star accused of rape despite police passing evidence to CPS'
Ronnie O'Sullivan's MELTDOWN: Fuming snooker legend pulls out of event and throws his cue in the BIN after...
Arsenal transfer briefing: SAMI MOKBEL reveals the latest on Alexander Isak pursuit and the reasons why...
Tottenham 1-0 Liverpool - PLAYER RATINGS: Who was calm and unflustered for Spurs? Which Reds star is human...
Former Liverpool goalkeeper Loris Karius 'handed a career lifeline at fallen European giant' after his TV...
MORE HEADLINES
Back to top
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Sitemap Archive Video Archive Authors Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Newzit Mail Travel

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group

dmg media
Contact us How to complain Leadership Team Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Do not sell or share my personal information CA Privacy Notice About MailOnline Privacy policy & cookies 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/mlb/article-13973571/travis-kelce-cleveland-guardians-new-york-yankees-mlb.html 
 ----- 
