NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Astros' Neris denies using homophobic slur towards Mariners' Rodriguez
Associated Press
September 28, 2023 - 10:50pm
Seattle Mariners' Julio Rodriguez (44) is held back by an umpire after he exchanged words with Houston Astros relief pitcher Hector Neris following a strikeout in a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Seattle. The Astros won 8-3. (Lindsey Wasson/AP)
13 comments

SEATTLE (AP) — Seattle’s Julio Rodríguez says he believes the antics of Houston pitcher Hector Neris crossed a line during a contentious confrontation between the two that led to both benches emptying and has Major League Baseball looking into the incident.

The confrontation took place in Wednesday’s game between the Mariners and Astros that Houston eventually won 8-3. Neris struck out Rodríguez to end the sixth inning and determinedly walked and shouted toward Rodríguez after the strikeout.

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-11:633d5a3a5e2e9b03a556a6e Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog

It quickly became a focal point, especially for the Mariners. 

“I feel like you’ve got to keep it respectful and he was someone I had a lot of respect for and known for quite a long time dating back to 2020 during the pandemic and all that. I just feel like I deserve a little more respect on that,” Rodríguez said before Thursday’s game against Texas.

Neris issued a written apology for his actions on Thursday and denied a claim that he used a homophobic slur in the words he said to Rodríguez.

“There were reports that I used a homophobic slur, which are simply incorrect. That did not happen and any suggestion to the contrary is wrong. My mother raised me to love and respect people for who they are and that is how I live my life,” Neris said.

Rodríguez was asked directly if he heard Neris use a slur and declined to answer.

Nevertheless, Rodríguez was taken aback, and seemingly confused and hurt by Neris’ actions, someone who is also from the Dominican Republic and someone until now Rodríguez considered a friend.

“Even though we’ve got friends, once we step on the field we’ve kind of got to forget about that. It’s kind of hard to kind of learn it in that way,” Rodríguez said.

The whole situation played out in the middle of the final game of the regular season between the teams and gave the Astros the upper hand in the race for the final wild card spot in the American League.

Neris struck out Rodríguez to end the sixth inning and started yelling at Seattle’s young All-Star while walking toward home plate. Rodríguez was visibility angered and confused by the pitcher’s actions and both benches emptied.

Neris downplayed the incident immediately after the game before apologizing.

“Julio has been a friend dating back to 2020, when we spent the pandemic working out together. We have had a friendly competition when one beats the other on the field, something that is customary in the Dominican Republic and especially among friends. My intent in going toward Julio was to get his attention as part of the friendly ongoing banter that we have had over the years,” Neris said. “I recognize that last night I should not have gone toward him like I did. I did not mean to disrespect him, his family or the Mariners. I do understand how my actions could be interpreted that way.

Rodríguez was not interested in hearing apologies. He said Neris attempted to reach out but he wasn’t interested in engaging at this time. Rodríguez also said a home run he hit off Neris last season wasn’t a factor in what happened.

Rodríguez and Neris were teammates on the Dominican Republic’s World Baseball Classic team and are represented by the same agency. Asked if he’ll talk to Neris again, Rodríguez said he wasn’t looking forward to it.

“I’m chilling. I’m going to focus on what I need to do here with this team, with this family that we’ve got here,” Rodríguez said.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Phillies’ Harper flips out on Angel Hernandez, tosses helmet into stands
Orioles announce new 30-year deal to stay at Camden Yards
MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
Adjust Preferences

With your consent we may collect cookies and information to enhance our service, and improve your experience.

Configure
Allow All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/mariners-rodriguez-says-astros-neris-crossed-line-with-his-antics/ 
 ----- 
