Skip to Main Content
OPEN
CLOSE
MENU
Boston.com
Search
SPORTS
CELTICS
JAYSON TATUM
JAYLEN BROWN
PATRIOTS
BRUINS
RED SOX
REVS
MLB
Mariners taken aback by fan throwing ball on field and grazing pitcher George Kirby
The fan, who was wearing a Mariners jersey, was quickly identified by stadium officials and escorted out.
Seattle Mariners starter George Kirby pitches during Tuesday's game. John Froschauer/AP Photo

By Tim Booth, The Associated Press

September 27, 2023
1 minute to read
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Email
...

SEATTLE (AP) — Seattle pitcher George Kirby could crack a joke about what happened afterward. In the moment, it was just confusion.

IN RED SOX NEWS:
4 takeaways as Red Sox nearly erase 7-run deficit but fall, 9-7, to Rays
Here’s what Alex Cora said about his future, the offseason, and his goals for the team

There was an unexpected moment of anxiousness for Kirby and the Mariners in the sixth inning of their 6-2 win over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night after a foul ball hit into the stands behind the third base dugout was thrown back by a fan and grazed the pitcher.

Kirby was looking toward home plate and asking for a new ball from home plate umpire David Rackley when the ball came over the protective netting and brushed the front of his jersey in his midsection.

ADVERTISEMENT:

“It surprised the hell out of me. I thought it was the umpire because I had my hand up, asked for the ball. Thought he had threw it,” Kirby said. “I mean, it was an impressive throw. I’ll give him that. But, you know, what the heck?”

Seattle manager Scott Servais only saw it out of the corner of his eye and was instantly confused about what had taken place. The ball rolled over to first baseman Ty France, who threw it out of play.

“I’ve never seen it before and certainly in our home park,” Servais said.

ADVERTISEMENT:

The fan, who was wearing a Mariners jersey, was quickly identified by stadium officials and escorted out. Servais said the information relayed to him was because it was a foul ball hit by an Astros player, the fan thought he should throw it back toward the field.

“The fact that he threw it at our starting pitcher in maybe the most critical game of the year — interesting. But you know, never a dull moment around the Mariners,” Servais said.

Sign up for Red Sox updates⚾

Get breaking news and analysis delivered to your inbox during baseball season.

Submit your email
Enter your email address
Sign up
Conversation
This discussion has ended. Please join elsewhere on Boston.com
In Related News
Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts reportedly banned from MLB parks ‘indefinitely’
RED SOX
Red Sox reportedly offered Triston Casas in potential salary-clearing trade for Mariners pitcher
MORNING SPORTS UPDATE
Mookie Betts revised his reaction to World Series incident with Yankees fans, giving uncensored take
Follow Boston.com on Instagram (Opens in a New Tab)
Follow Boston.com on Twitter (Opens in a New Tab)
Like Boston.com on Facebook (Opens in a New Tab)

©2025 BOSTON GLOBE MEDIA PARTNERS, LLC

Tell Us What You Think
DO NOT SELL MY DATA
GAMBLING DISCLAIMER
PRIVACY POLICY
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
ADVERTISE
TERMS OF SERVICE
MEMBER AGREEMENT
CONTACT US
CAREERS
SITE MAP
Some areas of this page may shift around if you resize the browser window. Be sure to check heading and document order.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 870 partners will store and access information on your device with your consent. Browsing data is collected through the use of cookies to process personal data. You can give or withdraw your consent by clicking on the `Show Purposes` button. You can manage your choices and exercise your right to object on the basis of legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the cog icon at the bottom left corner of every page.Privacy Notice
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.boston.com/sports/mlb/2023/09/27/george-kirby-seattle-mariners-scott-servais-fan-throws-ball-on-field/ 
 ----- 
