Skip to content
Subscribe Now
27°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO WHITE SOX
‘It’s been humbling’: Pedro Grifol reflects on his 1st season as Chicago White Sox manager — and looks ahead to 2024
Trent Sprague/Chicago Tribune
1 of 18

White Sox manager Pedro Grifol takes questions from reporters before a game against the Guardians on July 27 at Guaranteed Rate Field.

By LAMOND POPE | lpope@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 25, 2023 at 12:27 PM CDT

During Pedro Grifol’s introductory news conference on Nov. 3 at Guaranteed Rate Field, the Chicago White Sox manager spoke of earning the trust of fans.

As the 2023 season nears a close, Grifol said, “I don’t think we’ve done that whatsoever.”

The Sox hoped to bounce back after a disappointing 2022 season and contend for the American League Central title. Instead, they have 96 losses and are 37 games under .500 after their 1-0 victory against the Boston Red Sox on Saturday.

Grifol looked back at his first year as a big-league manager and ahead to 2024 during an interview with the Tribune on Tuesday at Nationals Park in Washington.

“I said a lot of things at my press conference that didn’t happen,” Grifol said. “They didn’t happen this year. And I’m going to be better for it, I guarantee you that.

“We’re all going to be better for it.”

Grifol’s path to becoming a major-league manager featured 10 seasons in various roles with the Kansas City Royals, including 2020-22 as bench coach. Before that, he had 13 years in the Seattle Mariners organization, serving on their major-league staff in 2010. He managed in the minors and winter ball.

All that led to the big-league opportunity.

White Sox manager Pedro Grifol takes questions from reporters before a game against the Guardians on July 27 at Guaranteed Rate Field.

“It’s been humbling,” Grifol said of his first season. “I’ve been in the big leagues a long time and I’ve been through ups and downs. I’ve been part of a team that’s raised a trophy and I’ve been a part of a team that lost 100 games. I thought that I’ve seen a lot of it. But you’ve never seen it all.

“This game will humble you at any time. It doesn’t matter who you are. It doesn’t matter what team you’re on. It’s just the way the game is.”

The Sox started a dreadful 7-21 and never dug themselves out of the huge hole. Well out of contention, the team was a seller around the Aug. 1 trade deadline and had a major front-office shake-up on Aug. 22, firing executive vice president Ken Williams and general manager Rick Hahn.

Throughout the season, Grifol said he learned a lot.

“I’m not going to it with specifics, but there’s some things I would change,” he said. “I’ve got a list of things I thought went well and a list of things I thought need to be improved upon. I’ve learned a lot of patience. Sometimes I had patience. Sometimes I didn’t. Recently I learned that I need to have more patience.

“There’s a certain way I envision this club playing, and I’m going to be a little tougher on that moving forward in ’24 and beyond. At times we were OK with that, in that regard, but other times I wasn’t really happy with how we went about it. And it’s not just players. It’s all of us. Those are adjustments that we have to make in this building from a player standpoint and from our coaching staff as well.”

During his introductory news conference as the general manager, Chris Getz said Grifol would return as manager. The Sox wrap up 2023 with home series against the Arizona Diamondbacks and San Diego Padres. It’s a chance for younger players to make another impression and for everyone competing to finish strong, Grifol said.

“I’ve learned a lot this year, I learned a lot about our city, I learned a lot about our organization, our fans,” Grifol said. “What we need to do, how we need to do it. We have Chris Getz in place now, we share the same vision. He’s been in that clubhouse before, he’s been on that major-league field, he knows what it takes to put this thing together and I’m looking forward to doing that with him. There’s a lot of things we’ve got to change.

“We want to change the pace, we want to play a faster game. More energetic. Sometimes it’s hard to do that one through nine, that’s almost impossible, but we want to do our very best to improve on that.”

Grifol knows it’s one thing to talk about it. The goal is to get it done.

“Our fans are extremely knowledgeable, extremely loyal,” he said. “They want to see us hustle. They want to see us play with energy and at the end of the day they want to see us win.

“There’s nothing we can tell them right now to make them believe that other than to go show them, that’s it. Enough with the talk. It’s about going to show it out on the field.”

Originally Published: September 24, 2023 at 7:00 AM CDT
Around the Web
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
Solar Generator
Taipei: Unsold Prefabricated Homes Are Almost Given Away
Homes | Search Ads
Taipei - Stair Lifts Could Be a Dream Come True for Seniors (See Options)
Stair Lift
Neuropathy & Nerve Damage? Do This Immediately (Watch)
Healthier Living
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
Marketing Software
See How Much Nurses Make in The Canada. (See Salaries)
Nurse Job in Canada
Taipei Mattress Stores Could Offer Surprising Discounts (Take Note)
Mattress Deals | Search Ads
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
Dubai Villas
Surgeon Reveals: Simple Method Ends Joint Pain & Arthritis (Watch)
Healthier Living
Top 10 Things to Do in South America
Viral Vacation Ideas
Do You Know How Much Do Builders Get Paid in The USA? See Salaries Here!
Builder Job
10 Money-making Mobile Apps: Start Earning Now
Wish Jobs
Exploring the Most Dangerous Places in the World
Viral Vacation Ideas
12x More Efficient Than Solar Panels? Prepper's Invention Takes Country By Storm
Solar Switch
Uncover Scholarships for Your Academic Goals
WishJobs
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Pineal Guardian
How to Make Money Online - Proven Ways. Start Earning More Money
oHee
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
How Long Should I Keep My Car?
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
Nine Kinds of Ancestors You Could Find on Your Family Tree
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Two Aurora gymnastics coaches, including an Olympian, suspended after misconduct investigation
Chicago Teachers Union president mocks CPS chief and apologizes
Former high-level assessor’s office employee under Berrios charged with taking bribes from lawyer
Edward Hospital’s fitness center in Naperville remains unused nearly two years after closure
Donald Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Supreme Court to weigh reinstating Obamacare care requirements struck down by lower court
Editorial: Cool Costco living project gives Chicago a blueprint on housing affordability
US official warns Puerto Rico of weak power generation as it prepares for a Trump administration
The Trump company is not banning private foreign deals, a break with its first term policy
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2023
September
24
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/09/24/its-been-humbling-pedro-grifol-reflects-on-his-1st-season-as-chicago-white-sox-manager-and-looks-ahead-to-2024/ 
 ----- 
