Skip to content

Twitter
Facebook
Language
HOME
What’s New
National Report
Politics
Business
Asia & World
Sci & Tech
Culture
Travel
Sports
Opinion
Special

The Asahi Shimbun

>

Sports

>

article

SOCCER/ South Korea draws with Malaysia and avoids knockout clash with Japan at Asian Cup

THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

January 26, 2024 at 12:30 JST

Share
Tweet
list
Print

South Korea’s Lee Kang-in reacts at the end of the Asian Cup Group E soccer match between South Korea and Malaysia at Al Janoub Stadium in Al Wakrah, Qatar, Jan. 25, 2024. (AP Photo)

AL WAKRAH, Qatar--South Korea avoided a round-of-16 clash with pre-Asian Cup favorite Japan after drawing with Malaysia 3-3 on Thursday.

Jurgen Klinsmann’s team advanced as the runner-up in Group E after conceding in the 15th minute of added time at Al Janoub Stadium and will play Saudi Arabia in the next round.

Romel Morales struck late for Malaysia to even the game and ensure Bahrain advanced as the group winner to face Japan. Bahrain won 1-0 against third-placed Jordan, which also reached the knockout stage.

South Korea was another of the pre-tournament favorites, but, like Japan, has had its setbacks in the group stage and progressed with one win and two draws.

A Son Heung-min penalty four minutes into stoppage time gave his team a 3-2 lead that would have sealed first place. But Morales secured Malaysia’s only point of the tournament by firing into the bottom corner from outside of the area.

South Korea led through Jeong Woo-yeong’s header in the 21st. Faisal Halim leveled six minutes after halftime and Malaysia had the chance to go ahead after Seol Young-woo fouled Arif Aiman in the box. Aiman stepped up and converted from the penalty spot.

South Korea equalized in the 83rd thanks to an own goal by Syihan Hazmi before the dramatic conclusion.

Klinsmann may be grateful to avoid Japan for now, even as the four-time champion has had its own problems and finished runner-up in Group D behind Iraq.

BAHRAIN ADVANCES

Bahrain lost its opening game to South Korea but it advanced to the knockout stage at the top of Group E after back-to-back 1-0 wins.

Abdulla Yusuf Helal struck in the 34th at Khalifa International Stadium to beat Jordan.

Despite losing, Jordan advanced as one of the best third-placed teams.

MANCINI MARCHES ON

Roberto Mancini is aiming for his second major international title after leading Italy to European Championship triumph in 2021.

His Saudi Arabian team drew 0-0 with Thailand at Education City Stadium and advanced as Group F winner with an unbeaten record. Thailand advanced as runner-up.

Three-time champion Saudi Arabia has not won the title since 1996 and has been runner-up twice since then — most recently in 2007.

Abdullah Radif had the chance to make it three wins out of three for Mancini’s team, but his 12th-minute penalty was saved by Thailand goalkeeper Saranon Anuin.

OMAN ELIMINATED

A late goal ended Oman’s hopes of advancing after a 1-1 draw with Kyrgyzstan at Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium.

Muhsen Al Ghassani gave Oman hope of qualifying as one of the best third-placed teams when he scored in the 8th minute. But Joel Kojo’s equalizer in the 80th secured a draw for Kyrgyzstan that left Oman on two points.

Indonesia, on three points in Group D, advanced as the fourth-best third-placed team.

Related News

SOCCER/ Japan and Iran show why they are among the favorites to lift the Asian Cup after big wins

January 15, 2024

SOCCER/ With its sights on World Cup title, Samurai Blue has strong 2023

December 14, 2023

Neymar tears ACL while playing for Brazil in World Cup qualifying game

October 19, 2023

The Asian Games: larger than the Olympics and with an array of regional and global sports

September 22, 2023

SOCCER/ American-born teenager Casey Phair included in South Korea’s squad for the Women’s World Cup

July 6, 2023

SOCCER/ Jurgen Klinsmann is still looking for his 1st win as coach of South Korea’s national team

June 21, 2023
Share
Tweet
list
Print

 

Trending Now
Last 24 hours
Last 7 days
Couple revered for Japanese language test to keep going ...
Heavy snow to hit eastern and western Japan through Dec. 29
Uranium, fuel rod casing found in Fukushima nuclear debris
Hayao Miyazaki criticizes Japan wartime past in award speech
Hachiko-like tribute to Ishi, ‘grandpuppy’ of all living Shiba
JAL slapped with administrative guidance over boozy pilot pair
Princess Kako turns 30, prays disaster victims all live in peace
JAL crew saved everyone aboard in Jan. 2 crash despite chaos
‘Miracle town’ in Okayama with a spin on how English is taught
K-Pop star questioned by South Korea police for alleged drug use
Videos

Giant, sacred snake greets New Year’s visitors at temple in Kyoto

December 30, 2024

Princess Kako turns 30, prays disaster victims all live in peace

December 29, 2024

JAL crew saved everyone aboard in Jan. 2 crash despite chaos

December 25, 2024

Recommended

Diplomatic Documents

A series based on diplomatic documents declassified by Japan’s Foreign Ministry

Memories of Hiroshima and Nagasaki

Here is a collection of first-hand accounts by “hibakusha” atomic bomb survivors.

YOASOBI

A peek through the music industry’s curtain at the producers who harnessed social media to help their idols go global.

Taste of Life

Cooking experts, chefs and others involved in the field of food introduce their special recipes intertwined with their paths in life.

Memories of Nikkei Americans

A series about Japanese-Americans and their memories of World War II

Asahi Shimbun on Twitter
Learning English
Asahi Weekly

In-house News and Messages

Link
The New York Times

BACK TO TOP

About Us
Site Policy
Privacy
Copyright
Contact Us
Transmission of user information to external service providers（利用者情報の外部送信）

Copyright © The Asahi Shimbun Company. All rights reserved. No reproduction or republication without written permission.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.asahi.com/ajw/articles/15131444 
 ----- 
