Skip to main content
Brew Hoop homepage
a Milwaukee Bucks community
Follow Brew Hoop online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Brew Hoop main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

Monday Morning Media Roundup: Marathons Suck

Milwaukee Bucks links for your perusal on October 7th, 2024

By Riley Feldmann@RileyFeldmann  Oct 7, 2024, 6:30am CDT  1 Comment / 1 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Riley Feldmann has been an editor at Brew Hoop since 2018, and has been writing about the Bucks since 2013.

I survived my third marathon yesterday. Better than that, I PR’d (again, thank God) and slashed a little over 15 minutes over my previous fastest time (you can go here if you want to watch me stumble over the finish line). As is tradition, I will be getting my old time crossed off and a new one added to an ongoing tattoo collection on my ribcage. I’ve learned a lot about the body’s immediate needs post-run to avoid bombing out and ruining not only the rest of the day, but the days that follow. Writing this around 2 PM, I don’t feel the collapse coming on. All in all and on its face, a great day.

Goodness, was it a horrible experience, though.

This go-around was done at the Milwaukee Lakefront Marathon — my prior two were back up in my haunts at the Twin Cities Marathon. A great view of a Great Lake and a great city, plus the natural temperature control the waterfront exerts; it has everything! It also has hills. Like, unlimited amounts of hills. As if those weren’t enough, our friendly course designers had us trudge over the Hoan Bridge not once at mile nine, but a second time at mile 25. Imagine running for hours and hours hoping for it to just end already, and then you literally drag yourself up the 794 on-ramp with gusts of 30 mph wind whipping you in the face. Being a functional piece of civil engineering, we got to dodge all the bits and pieces of car detritus to boot. A horror show.

But I made it. My wife, my sister-in-law, dad, stepmom, stepsister, and even my boss were there to help me out of the finisher corral and into the shade so I could finally stop caring.

What’s the connection with all this to the Milwaukee Bucks? Well, maybe I’ve grown a new appreciation for the fact that playing 82+ games a year sucks. If I could’ve asked someone to take my place around miles 20-26 in the name of “DNP-CD, Rest” I absolutely would have. So next time Giannis is catching Zzzs and popcorn courtside, Dame is wearing a full-on Canada Goose jacket when its 70 some odd degrees indoors, or Khris is working his way back from yet another duel with Functional Basketball Death, I’ll try to remember how I’m feeling now. Why suffer in a Tuesday night road game against the Washington Wizards when MarJon Beauchamp is right there literally praying for a chance to play? Turns out I do have a lot in common with NBA athletes!

Let’s roundup!

Milwaukee Bucks Links
Damian Lillard Talks Offseason, Building Chemistry with the Bucks and How His Family Motivates Him (Slam)

Good interview with Dame that ranges across a range of subject matter. For the purposes of the Dame-Giannis P&R believers, we did receive further evidence that their running those deliberately just... didn’t happen during the first half of last season. Then Doc Rivers arrived and forced them to do it over and over again while teammates looked on. There’s plenty of work to be done on this front in particular, but I don’t think it is crazy to say we saw tangible progress for at least a few weeks there before Giannis picked up an injury. It needn't be the end all, be all, but as a go-to move that’s really hard for most teams to counter? I’m a fanatic.

Bucks Seek Chemistry with California Training Camp (Milwaukee Magazine)

At first I was a little skeptical of sending the team out of town for training camp — this is one of the better times of year to be in Milwaukee! — but the logic driving Doc’s decision makes sense to me. Given the substandard structure around last year’s training camp you might as well hit the road to isolate the group of players and have them better focus on one another ASAP.

The Bucks aren’t alone, either. Here’s an article from NBA.com/the AP on this new trend gradually taking the league across the country before preseason even begins.

Milwaukee Bucks 2024-25 season preview: How far can Giannis and an aging core go? (Yahoo)

Coming out of Media Day, one of the talking points most readily latched onto by the national media was the admission that Giannis and Lillard didn’t meet up at all this summer. I have to admit that I was annoyed reading that, too. Not that you expect a ton of chemistry growth working together in an empty gym or, at best, against a couple random fitness coaches standing around like traffic cones with arms. But still, the gravity of the situation they’re stepping into would’ve lent itself well to even a quick stop through.

Will it all matter? Depends on whether a summer of R&R for Dame and Olympic competition for Giannis is more valuable individually and together than a week in a gym. Mark it under “would’ve been nice to have” rather than “must have”, I suppose.

10 takeaways from the 2024 Milwaukee Bucks media day (On Milwaukee) & Milwaukee Bucks ‘disappointed’ to not be on Christmas slate (ESPN)

I like the idea that these guys don’t check the schedule release at all and just wait for others to fill them in on important dates. If missing out on Christmas means the players get to spend some time with friends and family, I’m willing to sacrifice whatever matchup with the Knicks we would’ve gotten instead. Last thing I wanted was the Bucks ruining my holiday, anyways.

The Social Media Section

NEW ART ALERT

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Serge Ibaka (@sergeibaka)

Trust me when I say Giannis hates to see me walking onto the court. Lockdown defense all day.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Swish Cultures (@swishcultures)

I just respect this guy’s entire aesthetic. Riding the mullet revival wave.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Life Sports Agency (@lifesportsagency)

Hope Delon keeps the behind-the-scenes footage coming all season!

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by D.Wright (@delonwright)

Weird not having this guy at training camp. But he’ll be a part of the team again sooner rather than later.

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Thanasis Antetokounmpo (@thanasis_ante43)

Please don’t get on the rocket ship

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Khris Middleton (@k_mid22)

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Giannis Ugo Antetokounmpo (@giannis_an34)

Pick+Roll

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Ryan Rollins (@_moneyballry)

What the hell is James Akinjo doing in these pictures lol

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Damian Lillard (@damianlillard)

John Calipari is... coaching Razorbacks basketball???????????

View this post on Instagram

A post shared by Arkansas Razorbacks Basketball (@razorbackmbb)

Unfortunately, a stomach bug kept me off the MMMR keyboard a week ago so I missed my opportunity to do a little preseason prediction thread. I’ll hold off on making a donkey of myself belatedly, but the team does have one game this week!

v. Los Angeles Lakers, Thursday, Oct. 10th — 7 PM CDT

Good to have basketball back, even if it is merely highly organized chaos ball!

Happy Monday!

MORE FROM BREW HOOP
Rapid Recap: Bucks 109, Magic 106
Bucks vs. Magic: Game Thread
Bucks Tracking Poll Results: Week 11
Milwaukee Bucks vs. Orlando Magic Preview: Keep on keeping on? 
An update on the Jimmy Butler trade rumors
Bucks vs. Spurs: Giving Them the Boot
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.brewhoop.com/2024/10/7/24263669/monday-morning-media-roundup-marathons-suck-milwaukee-bucks-nba-links 
 ----- 
