MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Sawyer Gipson-Long’s Tigers debut is a testament to everyone who helped him get there
By Cody Stavenhagen
Sep 10, 2023

11

DETROIT — Lili Gipson was watching the broadcast when Matt Manning took a 119.5 mph comebacker off his foot. She saw A.J. Hinch’s postgame news conference Wednesday, when he said Manning had a fractured foot and would miss the rest of the season.

She felt terrible for Manning, of course. But she also could not help but wonder: Could this be Sawyer’s shot?

Soon, she was texting her son. Did you see Matt Manning got hurt? How do you think this would work?

Lili knew her son, Sawyer Gipson-Long, was knocking on the door of the major leagues. But Gipson-Long assured her his time probably wasn’t coming just yet. He figured the Detroit Tigers would promote a pitcher already on the 40-man roster.

Soon after their text conversation ended, Lili headed out to her car. And within five minutes, her phone rang.

“I just knew it,” Lili said. “He was crying, and he said, ‘Mom, I’m going to the show.’”

By Thursday, Lili was in Detroit awaiting her son’s major-league debut. It has been a long time coming for an overlooked player who ground his way to this point.

Lili — a chiropractor in Georgia — said she has a brother-in-law in the Marines and a brother in the Navy. Her parents were products of the Great Depression. She describes herself as a bit of a hippie. But she also believes in regimen and structure.

“He was born on a Friday,” Lili said on the Bally Sports broadcast. “I was back to work on Monday. He came to work at 3 days old in the office, and all of my people were there because I needed a babysitter, a nanny.”

You can see these things now in the way Gipson-Long pitches.

“We were raised to just go to work,” Lili said. “If there’s not a bone sticking out or you’re not standing in blood, go to work.”

Gipson-Long, 25, is a mechanical strike-thrower when he’s at his best. To this point in his career, he has been durable and free of arm injuries. He has a good changeup and a good slider. He is the type of pitcher who journals every day, who grew up reading former Mississippi State coach Ron Polk’s “The Baseball Playbook” every night.

“He’s Greg Maddux, Mike Mussina,” Lili said of her son’s cerebral pitching style.

Sunday, Gipson-Long made his major-league debut with a large supporting cast in the crowd. There were both his mothers (they were in a relationship together and then separated when he was young, Gipson-Long said), his girlfriend, godparents and former coaches.

One of those coaches was around for a formative moment in Gipson-Long’s young career. When Gipson-Long was about 9 years old, Greg Robinson was the home-plate umpire at a Little League game and was impressed at the way a young Gipson-Long pitched. Robinson happened to be the coach at nearby Etowah High School in Woodstock, Ga.

“When you get to high school,” he said, “come find me.”

By the time high school came, Robinson and other coaches such as Mike Foley helped Lili make all the logistics work. Robinson often drove him to games or practice while Lili was working. They’d give him the keys to the baseball facilities and let him hit through the evenings until Lili got off work and could come pick him up.

Sunday, the village that raised Gipson-Long was in attendance. And they all made sure to credit one more person who was not there: Minnesota Twins scout Jack Powell.

“He was the pivotal guy,” Lili said. “Instrumental.”

Powell was the first one to notice Gipson-Long, back when he was an overlooked high schooler who threw in the 80s. Powell, though, saw a pitcher who could get ahead in counts, who obviously had smarts and knew what he was doing. He kept tabs on the kid as he attended Mercer University in Macon, Ga. Powell watched as Gipson-Long progressed as a freshman, then more as a sophomore, then as he got bigger, stronger and really started to take off as a junior. Gipson-Long had a 5.20 ERA at Mercer, but Powell noted his 99 strikeouts and only 18 walks.

“It was just that gradual, consistent growth,” Powell said via phone, “and I was fortunate enough to stay with Sawyer to see him through this, see him through his progression, and he won me over.”

Powell, who also signed Akil Baddoo and other former Tigers such as Matt Moore and Niko Goodrum, pounded the table for the Twins to select Gipson-Long.

“The Tigers owe me some money,” Powell joked.

Minnesota ended up taking Gipson-Long in the sixth round of the 2019 draft.

When the Tigers acquired Gipson-Long in exchange for Michael Fulmer at last year’s trade deadline, most fans didn’t bat an eye. Gipson-Long was never the kid who grew up decked out in Perfect Game attire and attending all the biggest showcase tournaments. He wasn’t a hyped draftee or a minor leaguer who appeared on top prospect rankings.

What he did do was keep improving.

This season, Gipson-Long posted a 3.74 ERA in Double-A Erie. He earned a promotion to Toledo, where he had a 5.45 ERA but also impressed with 13 K/9 in eight outings. He added a sinker and cutter to his arsenal and tweaked his changeup grip.

“This is a great organizational win,” Hinch said. “We think he had some untapped potential. We make him better. He buys in. He’s changed a little bit of everything from his attack plan to some of his pitch shapes. To see him go out and really earn his way here, it’s exactly the story we love to share.”

Sunday, as her son walked out of the bullpen and toward the mound, Lili kept her cool in the stands. Just like any other game, she said. But later she would struggle to describe her excitement.

Gipson-Long, meanwhile, was a cool customer on the mound. He was perfect through 3 1/3 innings until Kerry Carpenter misplaced a ball in right field that led to an Andrew Benintendi triple in the fourth inning.

He finished the first five innings in only 63 pitches. He was pulled after the White Sox began the sixth with two hits. His final line: five-plus innings, four hits, two earned runs, no walks and five strikeouts. He also earned his first big-league win with the Tigers picking up a 3-2 victory.

As Gipson-Long walked off the mound Sunday, he got a large ovation from the crowd at Comerica Park. And before he stepped into the dugout, he pointed to the stands, toward all the people who helped him get here.

“It was so emotional,” Gipson-Long said. “My mom was crying. I definitely know another couple people were crying. Just being out there with them and seeing everyone who has had an impact along the way, it’s surreal.”

(Photo: Duane Burleson / Getty Images)

Cody Stavenhagen is a staff writer covering the Detroit Tigers and Major League Baseball for The Athletic. Previously, he covered Michigan football at The Athletic and Oklahoma football and basketball for the Tulsa World, where he was named APSE Beat Writer of the Year for his circulation group in 2016. He is a native of Amarillo, Texas. Follow Cody on Twitter @CodyStavenhagen

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4850342/2023/09/10/sawyer-gipson-long-debut-detroit-tigers/ 
 ----- 
