Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Kansas City Chiefs
NFL analyst addresses referees' missed calls on Kansas City Chiefs season opener fiasco

Analyst claims NFL officials did not call many false starts in the Lions vs Chiefs season opener

Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes heads to the locker room / LAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 09/09/2023 - 17:16 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Former NFL player Mike Williams is responding well following the end of his coma
Detroit Lions. Jared Goff's stellar play inches him closer to Brady and Rodgers' NFL records

The Kansas City Chiefs and Patrick Mahomes suffered a loss on their opening game against the Detroit Lions, even when analyst Pete King claims they had help from the officials as they did not make the right calls regarding Jawaan Taylor's false starts.

The reigning NFL champions missed Travis Kelce and Chris Jones, two of Mahomes' supporters on the field, and could not defeat the Lions even when having home-field advantage.

Patrick Mahomes' bold response to the social media hatersParker Johnson
Jawaan Taylor's false starts

Even with the loss, the NFL analyst claims that the referees should have paid more attention to Jawaan Taylor who was constantly out of his position and should've been flagged with multiple false starts.

King brought the topic to the table after the game "Here's the thing. I think I know how the officiating department works on their training tape next week. The officials are going to be warned, and they are going to tell officials, 'Look, the right tackle, first of all, is lined too far back.'

According to Sportskeeda, King elaborated "That was clear the whole night. And, you know, the announcer said it. Chris said it on the air. And also, Terry said it. And I think when you see that happen, and it keeps happening, if the official didn't call it 3 minutes into the game, how does he call it 43 minutes into the game?"

Who are the Chiefs playing next?
MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Harry and...
Marca

Patrick Mahomes and the rest of the Chiefs will face the Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday, September 17th when they travel to Florida to try and earn themselves the first victory of the season.

It is expected that Travis Kelce is ready to return, however, Chris Jones's appearance is not yet confirmed.

NFL - English
Kansas City Chiefs - English
Patrick Mahomes - English
Kansas City ChiefsMahomes and Kelce's photos from their first year with the Chiefs leave fans crazy: "Travis has definitely gone Hollywood"
Kansas City ChiefsPatrick Mahomes signals Lions' rising star Aidan Hutchinson as a force to be reckoned with before the opener
Kansas City ChiefsPatrick Mahomes shows support for Kadarius Toney after four drops vs. Lions
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu...
Kia
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/kansas-city-chiefs/2023/09/10/64fceea722601d334e8b4597.html 
 ----- 
