SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
FOOTBALL TRACKER: D.R. CONGO SEND EGYPT HOME AFTER DRAMATIC CLASH, ATLETICO BEAT VALENCIA
Football Tracker: D.R. Congo send Egypt home after dramatic clash, Atletico beat Valencia
Flashscore,
26.01.2024 17:00
Updated 28.01.2024 23:16
D.R. Congo are into the quarters
AFP, Flashscore
Despite the Jurgen Klopp news dominating the footballing world, things continue to move at a blistering pace, and after a weekend of action in Europe's big leagues, it won't be long before it becomes yesterday's news. And what a weekend we have from the AFCON knockouts to some classic FA Cup ties. We will be bringing you updates and insight from all of it.
Monday 29th January

00:08 CET - D.R. CONGO HAVE SENT EGYPT HOME! After 120 minutes of drama, and then 18 penalty kicks, D.R. Congo have managed to make it through to the AFCON quarter-finals, with Egypt goalkeeper Gabaski missing the all-important penalty.

Check out a summary of the game.

Sunday 28th January

23:06 CET - We are in for the long haul over at AFCON. The last 16 clash between Egypt and D.R. Congo is heading to extra time.

Follow the rest of the match here.

23:03 CET - Atletico Madrid cruised past Valencia 2-0 to leapfrog Barcelona into third in LaLiga.

Check out a summary here.

Match stats
Flashscore

21:44 CET - Inter Milan were thoroughly tested, and perhaps lucky at times, but they have emerged 1-0 winners at Fiorentina, meaning they have gone back to the top of Serie A.

See a summary of the match here.

Match stats
Flashscore

21:38 CET - PSG have drawn 2-2 at home after squandering a two-goal lead to Champions League-chasing Brest. They now sit just six points clear of Nice at the top of Ligue 1. 

Check out the match summary here.

Match stats
Flashscore

21:00 CET - In Spain, Atletico Madrid are just about to start against Valencia in LaLiga with a great chance to leapfrog Bilbao who drew earlier.

Follow the game live here.

20:54 CET - PSG have kicked off in Ligue 1 against Brest as they look to extend their league at the top of the table to nine points.

Follow the match live here.

20:46 CET - It is around 10 minutes before Egypt (without Salah) take on DR Congo in the Africa Cup of Nations.

Check out the match preview here.

20:23 CET - We are just 20 minutes away from kick-off in an important match at the top of the Serie A between Inter Milan and Fiorentina. Inter can go top with a win, whilst Fiorentina can move into the top four with a win. Much to play for.

Read the match preview here.

Fiorentina - Inter Milan line ups
Flashscore

20:17 CET - A dramatic AFCON esque 98th minute winner sends Guinea to the quarter-finals at AFCON as they overcome Equatorial Guinea.

Read more about how events unfolded here.

20:01 CET - Tajikistan have beaten UAE on penalties (2-1) after a dramtic late equaliser in normal time from UAE to progress to the quarter-finals.

Read more about the drama here.

19:55 CET - Lazio against Napoli has ended in a drab 0-0 draw, an underwhelming night in Rome.

Read more about the match here.

19:39 CET - A Niclas Fullkrug hattrick has helped Dortmund to a comfortable 3-1 win over Bochum in the end.

Read more about the win here.

19:28 CET - Manchester United have avoided a big upset despite a brief scare when Newport equalised at 2-2. An Antony rebound was followed by a late Rasmus Hojlund strike. 4-2.

Read the match report here.

19:08 CET - Manchester United are back in front thanks to a first goal of the season from Antony. The Brazilian winger tucked home after Luke Shaw's initial effort struck the post. 10 minutes to go...

18:41 CET - Are we witnessing one of the biggest upsets in FA Cup history? Newport County are level against Manchester United despite going 2-0 down early on! Incredible.

18:27 CET - Despite taking an early 2-0 lead, a stunning strike by Bryn Morris has given League Two Newport County hope against Premier League Manchester United at the break.

Follow the second half live with us here.

18:21 CET - Meanwhile, the Guinea rivarly is underway at AFCON as Guinea face Equatorial Guinea for a place in the quarter-final.

Listen to the live commentarty here.

18:00 CET - Lazio against Napoli is next up in Serie A and it should a great watch between two big Serie A sides. It is now underway.

Keep up to date with all the action here.

17:49 CET - Another side to take an early lead are Dortmund against Bochum thanks to a Niclas Fullkrug (30) penalty.

Follow live match updates with Flashscore!

17:38 CET - Bruno Fernandes (29) has scored an early goal for Manchester United as they travel to League Two Newport County in the final FA Cup match of the weekend.

Follow updates with Flashscore.

17:26 CET - Liverpool have eased through to the FA Cup fifth round after a 5-2 thrashing of Championship Norwich in their first game since the Jurgen Klopp news.

Read the match report here.

17:15 CET - The second match of the day at the Asian Cup has started between Tajikistan and UAE with a quarter-final spot to play for.

Follow the match live with us here.

17:09 CET - Two goals in the last 20 minutes turned defeat into victory for Genoa against Lecce in Serie A, 2-1.

Serie A results:

Monza 1-0 Sassuolo

Verona 1-1 Frosinone

16:54 CET - Straight back from AFCON and Andre Ayew (34) has scored a dramtic late equaliser for club Le Harve just two minutes after Lorient had thought they had scored a 92nd minute winner. 3-3! 

Results elsewhere in Ligue 1:

Clermont 1-1 Strasbourg

Reims 0-0 Nantes

16:34 CET - The FA Cup draw has been made at half-time at Anfield and team's have discovered their round five opponents.

16:24 CET - It is half-time at Anfield and despite briefly being pegged back by Norwich, Darwin Nunez (24) has restored Liverpool's lead. 2-1.

16:20 CET - Athletic Bilbao have begun their match in LaLiga against Cadiz FC as they look to move back into the top four despite having played two games more than Atletico Madrid.

Follow the game live with Flashscore.

15:56 CET - Girona's fairytale season shows no sign of coming to an end, downing Celta Vigo 1-0, which takes them back to the top of LaLiga.

See a match summary and report here.

Match stats
Flashscore

15:15 CET - In a game marred by some major fan trouble, Wolves have clinched a 2-0 win over West Brom in the Black Country derby. It is their first win at the Hawthorns since 1996, and their first win away at West Brom without conceding a goal in 65 years.

Check out a match summary and report here.

Match stats
Flashscore

15:05 CET - In 25 minutes, Liverpool are in action for the first time since the shock announcement that manager Jurgen Klopp would be leaving at the end of the season. The Reds host Norwich in the FA Cup.

Follow the match live with us.

Team line-ups
Flashscore

 

15:02 CET - Meanwhile over in Ligue 1, Lille battled to a 0-0 draw away at Montpellier, surviving over 45 minutes with 10 men.

15:00 CET - West Brom vs Wolves has now resumed following the fan trouble, with 10 minutes left on the clock. 

Read what happened here.

14:31 CET - Australia have cruised to an emphatic 4-0 win over Indonesia in the Asian Cup, sending them into the quarter-finals of the competition.

Check out a match summary here.

Match stats
Flashscore

14:28 CET - Wolves are two goals to the good against West Brom in the Black Country derby, but the game has temporarily been suspended after fighting in the home end and some fans getting onto the pitch. Not great scenes at all. 

13:41 CET - Girona head to Celta Vigo at 14:00 CET as they look to leapfrog Real Madrid and top of LaLiga.

Follow the match here.

Team line-ups
Flashscore

 

12:42 CET - Lille will be looking to climb into the top four in Ligue 1 with a win when they face Montpellier in 20 minutes.

Follow the match here.

12:24 CET - And at 12:45 CET, the highly-anticipated Black Country derby between West Brom and Wolves gets underway in the FA Cup. The atmosphere is set to be electric. 

12:07 CET - In around 25 minutes, Australia take on Indonesia in the first knockout match of this year's Asian Cup. Can Indonesia pull off a massive upset?

Follow the match here.

08:30 CET - Good morning and welcome to another jam-packed day of football! The knockout stages of the Africa Cup of Nations continues with Equatorial Guinea taking on Guinea at 18:00 CET and Egypt facing DR Congo at 21:00 CET, while the Asian Cup last-16 kicks off with Australia v Indonesia and Tajikistan v United Arab Emirates. 

Schedule of AFCON last-16
Flashscore

Elsewhere, there are some intriguing ties in the FA Cup, with West Brom hosting Wolves in the Black Country derby, Liverpool playing their first match since Jurgen Klopp's decision to leave the club at the end of the season, and Manchester United travelling to League Two side Newport County. 

There is also plenty of action in the major European leagues, as Borussia Dortmund, Napoli, Inter Milan and Paris Saint-Germain all take to the field in important fixtures.

MENTIONS
Football
Football Tracker
Wolves
Ath Bilbao
Cadiz
Liverpool
Andre Ayew
Le Havre
Lorient
Genoa
Lecce
Tajikistan
United Arab Emirates
Norwich
Bruno Fernandes
Newport
Dortmund
Bochum
Niclas Fullkrug
Manchester United
Lazio
Napoli
Guinea
Equatorial Guinea
Antony Matheus dos Santos
Luke Shaw
Rasmus Hojlund
Inter
Fiorentina
Egypt
D.R. Congo
PSG
Brest
Atl. Madrid
Valencia
Related Articles
FA Cup fourth round draw: Manchester City face Spurs in mammoth clash
08.01.2024 20:26
Premier League mid-season break: When is it and who benefits most?
09.01.2024 13:00
Alternative 2023 Premier League table: Villa second, Arsenal fourth
01.01.2024 15:32
Show more
Football
Ex-Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy agrees to take charge of Kenya’s Harambee Stars
1 h ago
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
1 h ago
Updated
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
2 h ago
Updated
Maguire admits getting used to 'total opposite' Amorim will be 'tough' for Man Utd
2 h ago
Flashscore Awards: Real Madrid & Manchester City deliver game of 2024 with six-goal thriller
3 h ago
Italy legend Fabio Cannavaro confirmed as new head coach of Dinamo Zagreb
14 h ago
Liverpool's new Dutch hero Arne Slot rounds off near-faultless year
14 h ago
Roma claim rare point on the road after Paulo Dybala strike pegs back AC Milan
14 h ago
Thiago Motta frustrated at wasteful Juventus after yet another draw against Fiorentina
15 h ago
Liverpool put five past West Ham to extend lead at summit of Premier League
17 h ago
Most Read
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
EXCLUSIVE: Why Taiwo Atieno fears Kenya won't produce another Wanyama in the near future
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
Valencia - Real Madrid
Fiorentina - Napoli
Barbastro - Barcelona
FOOTBALL SCORES
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Tottenham - Liverpool
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
Baskonia - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Anadolu Efes
Panathinaikos - Virtus Bologna
Paris - Barcelona
Partizan - Maccabi Tel Aviv
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/football-tracker-d-r-congo-send-egypt-home-after-dramatic-clash-atletico-beat-valencia/d21Ez1yR/ 
 ----- 
