SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
BUNDESLIGA
BAYER LEVERKUSEN FAIL TO EXTEND BUNDESLIGA LEAD FOLLOWING GOALLESS DRAW WITH MONCHENGLADBACH
Bayer Leverkusen fail to extend Bundesliga lead following goalless draw with Monchengladbach
Chris Wilson,
27.01.2024 19:36
Leverkusen were left frustrated
Profimedia
Bayer Leverkusen may still remain unbeaten in the Bundesliga this season (W15, D4), but this 0-0 draw against Borussia Mönchengladbach has opened the door for Bayern Munich slightly.

After Jurgen Klopp’s surprise announcement yesterday that he would be leaving Liverpool at the end of the season, Leverkusen boss Xabi Alonso was amongst the early names mentioned to take over in the summer. Keen to set the speculation to one side as they focus on their Bundesliga title push, the hosts started brightly and came close to taking the lead inside 10 minutes when Nadiem Amiri forced a fine save out of Moritz Nicolas.

Beating Nicolas was proving to be problematic for Alonso’s side, who despite their near-incessant pressure, couldn’t breach his goal - as Florian Wirtz found out midway through the first half when his close range strike was repelled by the Gladbach stopper.

Match stats
Flashscore

It certainly wasn’t for the want of trying that Die Werkself went into the break on level terms, with Álex Grimaldo the latest in a long line of players to unsuccessfully try their luck on the stroke of HT when his effort whistled wide of the post.

The second half opened with a much similar pattern and with Leverkusen in the ascendancy. Wastefulness was still the order of play though, with Jeremie Frimpong and Grimaldo both squandering glorious opportunities within 15 minutes of the restart.

Frustration was certainly growing at the BayArena, and as the chances began to dry up a little, you started to wonder whether Leverkusen were running out of options - particularly in the final third.

As Gladbach inched closer to the finishing line, more and more bodies were defending their 18-yard box, and ultimately that proved too much for Alonso’s side to break down, forcing them to settle for what he’ll undoubtedly see as an underwhelming point.

Top of Bundesliga table
Flashscore

It leaves the door gently ajar for Bayern to close the gap when they take to the field tomorrow, and with the reigning champions visiting the BayArena in two weeks time, Leverkusen will be acutely aware that the title race could look much different in a fortnight’s time.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Moritz Nicolas (Borussia Monchengladbach)

Check out all the match stats here.

MENTIONS
Football
Bundesliga
Bayer Leverkusen
B. Monchengladbach
Related Articles
Thomas Tuchel's injury-ravaged Bayern wary of slip-up against Augsburg
26.01.2024 08:23
Bundesliga leaders Leverkusen count on brilliant Grimaldo to extend winning run
25.01.2024 13:21
Football Tracker: D.R. Congo send Egypt home after dramatic clash, Atletico beat Valencia
28.01.2024 23:16
Show more
Football
Ex-Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy agrees to take charge of Kenya’s Harambee Stars
59 min ago
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
1 h ago
Updated
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
2 h ago
Updated
Maguire admits getting used to 'total opposite' Amorim will be 'tough' for Man Utd
2 h ago
Flashscore Awards: Real Madrid & Manchester City deliver game of 2024 with six-goal thriller
3 h ago
Italy legend Fabio Cannavaro confirmed as new head coach of Dinamo Zagreb
14 h ago
Liverpool's new Dutch hero Arne Slot rounds off near-faultless year
14 h ago
Roma claim rare point on the road after Paulo Dybala strike pegs back AC Milan
14 h ago
Thiago Motta frustrated at wasteful Juventus after yet another draw against Fiorentina
15 h ago
Liverpool put five past West Ham to extend lead at summit of Premier League
17 h ago
Most Read
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
EXCLUSIVE: Why Taiwo Atieno fears Kenya won't produce another Wanyama in the near future
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
Valencia - Real Madrid
Fiorentina - Napoli
Barbastro - Barcelona
FOOTBALL SCORES
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Tottenham - Liverpool
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
Baskonia - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Anadolu Efes
Panathinaikos - Virtus Bologna
Paris - Barcelona
Partizan - Maccabi Tel Aviv
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/bayer-leverkusen-borussia-monchengladbach-report-2024-27-01/UHnATGGF/ 
 ----- 
