E-Edition
News
Sunbiz
Sports
World
Entertainment
Opinion
Lifestyle
Siga Rarama
Climate Watch
Archive
Photo Feature
Careers
Magazines
    
News Sunbiz Sports World Entertainment Opinion Siga Rarama Climate Watch E-Edition
News Sunbiz Sports World Entertainment Opinion Siga Rarama Climate Watch E-Edition
FOOTBALL | SPORTS
Fiji Into Semis After Big Win
The Fiji men’s football team has qualified for the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) Men’s Nations Cup semi-final after their 9-1 win against Samoa at the HFC Bank Stadium, Suva, on
By Ioane Asioli
21 Jun 2024 13:24
     
Digicel Fiji football striker Thomas Dunn on the attack against Samoa in the OFC Nations Cup at the HFC Bank Stadium, Suva, on June 19, 2024. Photo: OFC Media
MORE ON FOOTBALL, SPORTS
Rugby over studies for Sarasau
2024-12-28
Athletics Fiji to rebuild most of their programmes
2024-12-28
Ratuvere to Pursue a Medical Career
2024-12-27
FRU Aims to Help Team Win RWC
2024-12-27

The Fiji men’s football team has qualified for the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) Men’s Nations Cup semi-final after their 9-1 win against Samoa at the HFC Bank Stadium, Suva, on Wednesday night.

Fiji men’s head coach Robert Sherman said he maintained the Match 23 line-up from last week due to his confidence in the players.

“11 players actually get in the pitch but the 23 have contributed massively in every second of play. Every one of those lads won the game,” he said.

Sherman rated Etonia Dogalau for his outstanding performance against Samoa.

“We drew with Tahiti in the Pacific Games and we’re looking forward to playing them.

“It’s another challenge as Tahiti is well renowned and it’s another chance to see how we’re improving.”

Sherman said recovery is a crucial part of their preparation.

“We hope to keep the momentum going as that’s really what happens in international football. If you can keep it going, you become a bit of a force so that’s our intention,” he said.

Fiji drew first blood in the second minute of the game through the boots of Setareki Hughes to take a 1-0 lead.

Thomas Dunn’s header found the back of the net in the 37th minute as Fiji led 2-0.

Captain Roy Krishna scored from the penalty spot right on halftime to extend their lead 3-0.

Luke Salisbury scored a goal for Samoa in the 46th minute to bring the scores to 3-1.

Krishna scored another penalty goal in the 53rd minute to make it 4-1. Hughes scored his second goal in the 60th minute as Fiji led 5-1.

Filipe Baravilala scored in the 63rd minute with the assist coming from Hughes to extend Fiji’s lead to 6-1.

Rookie striker Nabil Begg scored a goal in the 66th minute with the assist from Ivan Kumar to push Fiji further ahead to 7-1.

Then followed by Dogalau’s two goals to seal Fiji’s win.

Meanwhile, Hughes took out the Man of the Match award with two goals and two assists.

 

Feedback: sampras.anand@fijisun.com.fj








Captain Roy KrishnaFijiHFC Bank StadiumOceania Football Confederation (OFC) Men’s Nations CupRobert Sherman
© 2024 Sun (Fiji) News Pte Ltd. All Rights reserved.
  
 
About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms And Conditions Work With Us Advertise In Newspaper Advertise On Website And Apps
Subscribe To Newspaper Mobile & Apps Newsletter & Alerts Buy Photos E-Edition
Developed By Asia Media 
⤊
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://fijisun.com.fj/2024/06/21/fiji-into-semis-after-big-win/ 
 ----- 
