SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Photography exhibition shines light on international workers' experience on Australian farms

By Courtney Wilson

Landline

Topic:
Agricultural Crops

Tue 18 Jun
Tuesday 18 June

Fruit picking is one of the main jobs of a seasonal worker. (Supplied)

abc.net.au/news/seasonal-farm-workers-photography-exhibition/103992848
Link copied
Share article

Friendship and adventures aren't often the stories associated with Australia's seasonal worker program, but a photographic exhibition has captured just that. 

Seasonal farm workers using disposable cameras have photographed some of their everyday life: picking fruit on farms, camaraderie and unique experiences.

It's not all work and no play while employed as a seasonal worker. (Supplied)

"We've been handing out cameras across the state," explained Kaya Barry, a cultural geographer from Griffith University behind the project.

"They take a bunch of photos and then post them back to me and we get them developed." 

The photos capture the varied experiences workers have while on the farm. (Supplied)

Lino Uhi from Tonga was one of hundreds of people who participated in a project shining a light on the seasonal workers who keep Australian farms ticking over.

He's lived and worked in Australia on eight separate occasions.

Each time he has stayed and worked for nine months, and each time on the same farm in regional Queensland.

Lino Uhi has lived and worked in Australia on eight separate occasions. (ABC News: Cam Lang)

Every return trip has been driven by the same desire, to support his family back home.

"We pay for my sister, for the kids, for the school and for building [a] house," Lino Uhi said.

The project aimed to get a sense of what life is like for seasonal workers on Australian farms, through their eyes.

Kaya Barry is a cultural geographer and a research fellow from Griffith University. (ABC News: Cam Lang)

Dr Barry said seasonal workers were not given a lot of space in public discourse and debate.

"When they are in the news it's often not for very positive reasons," she said. 

"I wanted to create a project that celebrated and captured the good times and the good experiences and the quite big contributions that they bring to regional places."

Opportunity for insight

Across Queensland, it is estimated at times there are more than 20,000 jobs filled by seasonal workers on farms, the majority of which are foreign.

"These people live and work and spend their spare time in a community and having a bit more insight into their everyday life is something that perhaps a local might not ever see," said Dr Barry.

Dr Barry with Treloar Guenthroth on a Gin Gin farm, interviewing seasonal workers who are participating in the photography research project. (ABC News: Cam Lang)

"They might pass them at the supermarket queue, or they might see them in the street, but they don't actually get to see from this perspective, their side of what life is like when they're here in Australia."

Treloar Guenthroth is the Pacific Australia Labour Mobility (PALM) and Farm Supervisor on an orchard at Gin Gin, in the Wide Bay region. 

Treloar Guenthrogh supervises the seasonal workers on a farm at Gin Gin. (ABC News: Cam Lang)

"I supervise all the work that gets done by seasonal workers — so the Tongans or Solomon Islanders, and sometimes we'll use contractors with Koreans and Japanese, a lot of people from Asia, sometimes Timor, sometimes Samoa," said Mr Guentrhroth.

While the citrus harvest is underway on the farm at Gin Gin, Mr Guenthroth has encouraged the seasonal workers to participate in the research project to snap photos of their daily lives.

This year, there were 50 seasonal workers on the citrus and blueberry farm, but some years that number was much higher.

Seasonal workers often make friends on the farm.  (Supplied)

Regardless of birthplace, language or culture, Mr Guenthroth said the seasonal workers were unified by a common goal.

"All they want is to improve their life for their family and their country and everyone they've got at home," he said. 

Supporting a group of seasonal workers from different parts of the world was no small feat. Language was a common barrier.

Concerns over updated PALM scheme
Photo shows Two men walk through a field on a farm with blue sky.

Pacific Islander advocates say seasonal workers could be left vulnerable without government subsidies for both employees and farmers under changes to the PALM scheme.

To help, Mr Guenthroth has been learning and practising the different languages spoken by the workers on the farm where he worked.

"A bit of Tongan, not too much but enough to get by, and pidgin, I know a fair bit of pidgin because it's just broken English," he said.

"It's pretty easy to learn and just learning from them, it starts off with all the swearwords and all the fun stuff, and then you progress from there."

Providing good support to the seasonal workers on farms in Australia is important, especially since many leave behind entire families.

Andrew Makolo is a father of three from the Solomon Islands whose youngest child is still a toddler.

He will be away from his family for nine months, before returning home for a quarter of the year.

Andrew Makolo is a seasonal worker from the Solomon Islands. (ABC News: Cam Lang)

"Back home, we a little bit struggled, life is too hard," said Mr Makolo.

"So when we have the opportunity to come over we can develop our community — send money back for our kids, for school fees and to build houses."

Tough but rewarding

Over the course of her research, Dr Barry received and collated more than a thousand photos taken on disposable film cameras by seasonal workers across the state.

"I think they tell not quite a story of somebody's life here, but they show quite nice snippets of what the everyday is like," Dr Barry said.

Seasonal workers are employed on a variety of different farms. (Supplied)

"I think it's really important not to sort of over-glamorise this because it's tough, hard working conditions, but it is also really rewarding and enjoying."

Nunes Da Costa Barreto, from Timor Leste, is one of the seasonal workers whose photographs have been included in the exhibition, called Seasonal.

"This is my first-time exhibition," Mr Da Costa Barreto said.

Nunes Da Costa Barreto from Timor Leste is thrilled to have some of the photographs he has taken while working on farms included in the exhibition. (ABC News: Cam Lang)

"I'm so proud of it. And I'm very thankful to Kaya for inviting me here.

"This is amazing for me."

The "Seasonal" exhibition is currently on show at the Childers Art Space. It will be on show in Brisbane in August, before touring to Gayndah and other regional galleries next year.

ABC Rural RoundUp newsletter
Stories from farms and country towns across Australia, delivered each Friday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Tue 18 Jun 2024 at 11:27pm
Tuesday 18 Jun 2024 at 11:27pm
, updated Wed 19 Jun 2024 at 2:03am
Wednesday 19 Jun 2024 at 2:03am
Related stories

Topic:
Agricultural Workers

Workers to be repaid $4m, taxpayers to lose $12m after labour-hire firm saved from collapse
Photo shows Farm workers picking fruit in the field.

Topic:
Work

Fire risk 'very significant' in overcrowded Tasmanian house with 40 seasonal workers crammed inside
Photo shows A yellow house with green roof and deck in front.
Related topics

Agricultural Crops

Agricultural Workers

Fruit Growing

Gin Gin

Human Interest

Photography

Work

Top Stories
Plane carrying 181 crashes during landing in South Korea, at least 29 dead

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

Photo shows Fire on a crashed plane with thick smoke.
School chaplain killed in shark attack while spearfishing off Queensland coast

Topic:
Shark Attacks

Schoolgirl survivor of 'comic book killer' furious over artwork at Grafton jail

Topic:
Crime

Musk vows 'war' over work visa in first row with MAGA supporters

Topic:
World Politics

Bushwalker's body found in Tasmania's remote south-west

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

Just In
Two people drown at notoriously dangerous beach in WA's South West

Topic:
Drownings

1h ago
1 hours ago
Rescue underway after fiery plane crash at South Korea's Muan airport

LIVE

Just now
Bushwalker's body found in Tasmania's remote south-west

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

1h ago
1 hours ago
Rescue operation underway after plane crash in South Korea

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

1m ago
1 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-06-19/seasonal-farm-workers-photography-exhibition/103992848 
 ----- 
