Skip to content
December 29, 2024
FB
Twitter

FOOTBALL IN OCEANIA

STORIES FROM THE BEAUTFIUL GAME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS

Primary Menu
PNG win not enough – Fiji and Tahiti advance

Papua New Guinea knew they had to win on the final day of Group B. In the end, even that wasn’t enough.

Papua New Guinea beat Samoa but it wasn’t enough (Photo: OFC via Phototek)

PNG knew a win over Samoa, might not be enough, as they needed to overturn their 5-1 goal difference from the loss to Fiji.

Tommy Semmy ignited hope for PNG with a first half goal, before a crucial second arrived in the early stages of the second period, thanks to a combination from the Kepo brothers. Kolu releasing Ati with an excellent through ball and the forward made no mistake, tucking the ball under Taupau to double the lead.

Papua New Guineas Tommy Semmy and Papua New Guineas Alwin Komolong celebrate Semmy’s goal. (Photo: OFC via Phototek)

But just aftet hour mark Samoa managed to pull one back as Pharrell Trainor headed in a cross.

And there would be no more goals, meaning PNG would have to hope for a Fiji hammering of Tahiti in the late kick off.

But their hopes were crushed as the match ended in a 1-0 win to the hosts, which was not enough for PNG.

A Roy Krishna penalty – his third in two matches – and his 40th international goal, more than any OFC player – was the catalyst for a scrappy win for Rob Sherman’s side, who will now play Vanuatu in their semi-final in Port Vila on Thursday.

Fijis Roy Krishna celebrates his 40th international goal. (Photo: OFC via Phototek)

Tahiti advance to play tournament favourites New Zealand on the same day.

Enter the text or HTML code here

About Author
Ola Bjerkevoll

A passion for everything football and especially in Oceania. Owner of Football in Oceania.

See author's posts

Share this article:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Tags: Fiji, News, Oceania, OFC Nations Cup, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Tahiti
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Featured on
International Football News 24/7

 

Follow Football in Oceania on Twitter
Follow Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Football in Oceania RSS

 RSS - Posts

Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Categories
American Samoa (29)
Beach Soccer (9)
Cook Islands (50)
Exclusive Features (5)
Exclusive Interviews (22)
Federated States of Micronesia (1)
FIFA Club World Cup (7)
FIFA Women's World Cup (8)
Fiji (72)
Futsal (10)
Kiribati (16)
Marshall Islands (6)
Nauru (5)
New Caledonia (47)
New Zealand (76)
Niue (4)
Non-FIFA (12)
Oceania (53)
OFC Champions League (45)
OFC Futsal Champions League (2)
OFC Nations Cup (4)
OFC U-16 Women's Championship (1)
OFC U16 Championship (4)
OFC U19 Championship (2)
OFC Women's Champions League (3)
OFC Women's Nations Cup (24)
OFC World Cup Qualifiers (28)
Olympic football (1)
Olympic Qualifiers (7)
Opinion (9)
Outside Oceania (6)
Pacific Games (18)
Palau (2)
Papua New Guinea (72)
Podcast (5)
Press Release (8)
Samoa (49)
Solomon Islands (79)
Tahiti (56)
Tonga (41)
Tuvalu (17)
U-17 World Cup (6)
U-20 World Cup (4)
Vanuatu (53)
Wallis & Futuna (1)
Women's Football (46)
You may have missed
Auckland City legend recalls Magic of Morocco
Krishna out for season with serious injury
Auckland set to play giants
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
Nations in Oceania Oceania Events Calendar National Leagues in Oceania The Podcast About Contact
FB
 
Twitter
Copyright Football in Oceania © All rights reserved. CoverNews by AF themes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballoceania.com/2024/06/22/png-win-not-enough-fiji-and-tahiti-advance/ 
 ----- 
