ENG 
Select Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score Ball by Ball, India vs Sri Lanka 2022 Live Cricket Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
Settings
Change Font Size
A
A
Change Language
हिंदी | Hindi
Focus On Story
Select Language 
Languages
हिंदी | Hindi
Search
Featured Links
Australia vs India
Champions Trophy 2025
CT Schedule
EPL Table
EPL Schedule
Featured Sports
Cricket
Football
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Golf
Badminton
More Sports
Kabaddi
NBA
Boxing
Athletics
Chess
Swimming
Shooting
Wrestling
Table tennis
Othersports
More From NDTV
NDTV
Business
Hindi
Movies
Cricket
Health
Food
Tech
Auto
Apps
Trains
Art
Ind vs SL
24 Feb 22 to 16 Mar 22
Scoreboard
News
Photos
Videos
Fixtures
Teams
Players
Venues
Results
More 
Stats
Cricket Matches
Cricket Matches
Football Matches
All Matches
India Matches
Ind vs SL
2nd Test, Sri Lanka in India, 2 Test Series, 2022 at Bengaluru, Mar 12, 2022
India
252 &   303/9 dec
Sri Lanka
109 &   208
India beat Sri Lanka by 238 runs
1st Test, Sri Lanka in India, 2 Test Series, 2022 at Mohali, Mar 4, 2022
India
574/8 dec
Sri Lanka
174 &   178
India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 222 runs
3rd T20I, Sri Lanka in India, 3 T20I Series, 2022 at Dharamsala, Feb 27, 2022
India
148/4 (16.5)
Sri Lanka
146/5 (20.0)
India beat Sri Lanka by 6 wickets
Sports Home India Vs Sri Lanka 2022 News India Vs Sri Lanka Live Score Ball By Ball India Vs Sri Lanka 2022 Live Cricket Score Of Todays Match On NDTV Sports
 
India vs Sri Lanka Live Score Ball by Ball, India vs Sri Lanka 2022 Live Cricket Score Of Today's Match on NDTV Sports
Live Updates of Today Match between India vs Sri Lanka from Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium, Lucknow. Check commentary and full scoreboard of the match.
NDTVSports
Updated: February 24, 2022 07:28 pm IST
Read Time: 14 min
SL vs IND Latest Score

Follow the India vs Sri Lanka 2022 live cricket score on Sports.NDTV.com. After 5.2 overs, India are 50/0. Get live score, ball by ball commentary and much more. Keep track of India vs Sri Lanka 2022 today match between India and Sri Lanka. Everything related to India and Sri Lanka match will be available on Sports.NDTV.com. Stay updated with India vs Sri Lanka live score. Do check for India vs Sri Lanka scorecard. You can get scorecard updates, match related facts. Get quick live updates with ads, Sports.NDTV.com, which is the perfect destination for live cricket score.

4.6 overs (0 Run)
A dot to end! On middle, this is hit hard back to the bowler. Kishan is going after everything.

4.5 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Thumped! Fuller and on middle, this is hammered down to the long off fence for a boundary.

4.4 overs (0 Run)
Gets his bat down in time! This is a yorker, on middle, Kishan gets his front leg out of the way and jams it to mid-wicket.

4.3 overs (1 Run)
Angled into the pads, this is worked through mid-wicket for one.

4.2 overs (1 Run)
Shorter and on middle, this is pulled through mid-wicket for one.

4.1 overs (1 Run)
Rohit steps out but the length is shortened. It is pushed to mid off.

3.6 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! He is getting into his groove now!  A fuller delivery on middle. Kishan flicks it to deep square leg for a boundary now.

3.5 overs (6 Runs)
SIX! BANG! A short delivery on middle this time. Kishan rocks back and pulls it over deep square leg for a biggie.

3.4 overs (1 Run)
A slower length delivery on middle. Sharma works it to square leg for a single.

3.4 overs (1 Run)
WIDE! A slower fuller delivery down the leg side. Sharma looks to flick it but misses.

3.3 overs (1 Run)
A fuller delivery on off at 147.4 kph. Kishan drives it to mid off and takes a single. There is a direct hit at the bowler's end but Kishan is well inside his crease.

3.2 overs (0 Run)
A length delivery around off at 147.8 kph. Kishan looks to punch it away but gets beaten off the inside edge.

3.1 overs (1 Run)
A length delivery on middle. Sharma flicks it to mid-wicket for a single.

Lahiru Kumara will continue.

2.6 overs (1 Run)
A fuller delivery on off. Sharma looks to work it towards the leg side but gets the inside edge onto his pads. A run taken towards the off side. 15 runs from the over!

2.5 overs (1 Run)
On a length, around off again. Kishan steers it to backward point for a single now.

2.4 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Three in a row now! Ishan Kishan will be feeling much better now! A length delivery outside off. Kishan throws his bat at it and gets this in the gap between backward point and short third man for a boundary.

2.3 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Another boundary now! Chamika Karunaratne pulls his length back and provides some width there. Kishan cuts it  through covers for a boundary.

2.2 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! Finally Kishan finds the gap and gets his first boundary! A low full toss outside off. Kishan leans foward and creams it through covers for a lovely boundary.

2.1 overs (0 Run)
A fullish delivery this time on off. Slower in pace at 114.7 kph. Kishan drives it to covers now.

2.1 overs (1 Run)
WIDE! Chamika Karunaratne starts with a shorter delivery down the leg side. Kishan looks to pull but misses.

1.6 overs (0 Run)
Back of a length, outside off. Sharma cuts it to point this time. He looks disappointed with his shot there.

1.5 overs (1 Run)
Another delivery that is on a shorter side at 143.2 kph. Kishan pulls it to deep square leg this time for a single.

1.4 overs (0 Run)
A short ball this time on off. Kishan pulls it without much timing to mid on.

1.3 overs (0 Run)
Beaten this time! A good-length delivery outside off. Kishan looks to cut it but misses.

1.2 overs (1 Run)
Back of a length, on middle. Sharma pulls it to deep square leg for a single.

1.1 overs (4 Runs)
FOUR! First boundary of the game and Hitman flicks this beautifully! A fuller delivery on middle. Sharma flicks it towards deep backward square leg. The fielder in the deep runs to his right and puts in a dive but fails to stop it.

Lahiru Kumara will share the new ball with Dushmantha Chameera.

0.6 over (0 Run)
A fuller delivery on middle. Kishan drives it to mid on this time. Decent start by Dushmantha Chameera.

0.5 over (3 Runs)
This time he hits this over the infield! A fuller deivery on off. Sharma drives it uppishly over cover-point and gets three runs. The boundaries are long here and we will see many of these three's today.

0.4 over (1 Run)
Kishan is off the mark straightaway! A fuller delivery on off. Kishan blocks it out towards the leg side for a single.

0.3 over (1 Run)
Rohit Sharma and India are underway! A fuller delivery on off. Sharma drives it left of mid off and takes a single. Shanaka there fumbles a little and a single is taken after initial mix-up between the batters.

0.2 over (0 Run)
On a length, this time on off. Sharma blocks it out to mid off. Not much swing in the first couple of balls.

0.1 over (0 Run)
Dushmantha Chameera starts with a fullish delivery on middle. Sharma leans forward and drives it towards the off side.

So we are done with national anthems and the action is all set to begin at Lucknow! Sri Lankan players make their way out to the middle. Rohit Sharma and Ishan Kishan are the openers for India. Sunil Gavaskar rings the bell as a symbol for play to start. Dushmantha Chameera will start with the ball for Sri Lanka. Here we go...

The two teams are now assembling for their respective national anthems. It will be Sri Lanka's national anthem first up, followed by the Indian national anthem.

Shreyas Iyer is down for the chat. He says that he is comfortable in the number 3 position and this position gives more time to settle and then launch. He mentions that he was quite flamboyant at the start of his career but he is now more calm in his approach. He mentions that in this format it is important to not think too much and just react to the situation. He says he enjoys playing leg spinners but tells that it depends on the situation but he prefers a leg spinner anyday and likes going after them.

Rohit Sharma, the Indian skipper, says that he was looking to chase. He says that he was not sure about the pitch and he says that the last time they played here the pitch was good. He mentions that nothing changes for them and he adds that it is important they stay in the radar and they want to keep ticking the boxes. He mentions that this is a good opportunity for younger  guys. He informs that they have made six changes from the last game and Ruturaj Gaikwad was about to play but has injured his wrist before the game.

Dasun Shanaka, the Sri Lankan skipper, says that they will bowl first. He says that they are bowling well in the last few games and they are confident. He adds that Australia was a tough tour and they could have won more games there. He informs that they have few changes from the last time they played.

India (Playing XI) - Rohit Sharma (C), Ishan Kishan (WK), Shreyas Iyer, Sanju Samson, Venkatesh Iyer, Deepak Hooda, Ravindra Jadeja, Harshal Patel, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Jasprit Bumrah, Yuzvendra Chahal.

Sri Lanka (Playing XI) - Pathum Nissanka, Kamil Mishara, Charith Asalanka, Janith Liyanage, Dinesh Chandimal (WK), Chamika Karunaratne, Dasun Shanaka (C), Jeffrey Vandersay, Praveen Jayawickrama, Lahiru Kumara, Dushmantha Chameera.

TOSS - The coin goes up and lands in favour of Sri Lanka. They have elected to FIELD first.

PITCH REPORT - Deep Dasgupta is down for the pitch report. He says the match is on the black soil pitch. He says that the right boundary is short and the left is long. He mentions that the straight at Lucknow is the longest in the country. Russel Arnold joins him and he says that the conditions are good and there will not be much dew. He informs that the pitch is hard and there will be a nice pace and bounce. He recokns that 180 is a par score today.

Sri Lanka, on the other hand, will head into this game with some confidence. They beat Australia in their last game and in conditions which are kind of familiar to home, they would feel they could do better here. They too will take this series as one to prepare for the upcoming T20 World Cup. Toss and teams in a bit.

With a few big names missing, India will yet again look to test their bench strength. Saying that, the likes of Bumrah is back yet again to lead the bowling attack. However, Samson returns into the line-up and will probably be picked in the XI. This is a good chance for him to make a statement before the grandest stage.

India's preparation for the upcoming T20 World Cup continues. It was West Indies who visited a little while ago and now it is their neighbours Sri Lanka who head here to play 3 T20Is and two Tests. On that note, hello and a warm welcome to the coverage of the first T20I between India and Sri Lanka.

... MATCH DAY …

1st T20I, Sri Lanka in India, 3 T20I Series, 2022, Feb 24, 2022
Match Ended
IND
199/2 (20.0)
SL
137/6 (20.0)
Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium, Lucknow
India beat Sri Lanka by 62 runs
Comments
TOPICS MENTIONED IN THIS ARTICLE
Sri Lanka Cricket Team
India Cricket Team
India Vs Sri Lanka 2022
India Vs Sri Lanka, 1st T20I
Cricket
Get the Latest Cricket Updates, Check India Tour of Australia 2024-25, Results, News and IPL 2025 Mega Auction Updates at NDTV Sports. Like Us On Facebook Or Follow Us On Twitter For More Sports Updates. You Can Also Download The NDTV Cricket App For Android Or iOS.
Related Articles
'Ahead of R Ashwin, Axar Patel': Gautam Gambhir Names 'X-factor' Spinner For India In Australia Test Series
Shivam Mavi Joins Elite List Of Bowlers With 4-For On T20I Debut
"Being a No.6 Batter, You Have To...": Deepak Hooda Opens Up On His Role
"Thought It Must Be A Normal Accident": Ishan Kishan On News Of Rishabh Pant Car Crash
"We Might Lose a Game...": Hardik Pandya's Stunning Response To Question On Giving Axar Patel Last Over In 1st T20I

Advertisement

Advertisement

ICC Rankings
Test Ranking
ODI Ranking
T20 Ranking
Team
Batting
Bowling
All Rounder
Rank
 
Team
 
Rating
1 
 
Australia
 124
2 
 
India
 111
3 
 
South Africa
 105
4 
 
England
 103
5 
 
New Zealand
 100
View Team Rankings
Last updated on 03 November 2024

Advertisement

Advertisement

Trending Links
Paralympics 2024
Jay Shah
Virat Kohli
Paralympics Medal Tally
India's Schedule Paralympics 2024
Rohit Sharma
Follow us on:
CRICKET
Live Scores
Series
Fixtures
Results
News
Photos
Videos
Features
Teams
Players
Venues
ICC Ranking
FOOTBALL
ISL 2022-23
EPL 2022-23
News
Features
Photos
Fixtures
Results
Videos
Teams
Players
Matchcentre
MORE SPORTS
Formula 1
Tennis
Hockey
Badminton
Golf
Nba
Kabaddi
Shooting
Swimming
Table Tennis
Advertise
About Us
Feedback
Disclaimer
Investor
Complaint Redressal
Careers
Contact Us
This website follows the DNPA Code of Ethics © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2025. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.ndtv.com/india-vs-sri-lanka-2022/india-vs-sri-lanka-live-score-over-1st-t20i-t20-1-5-updates-2787262 
 ----- 
