COTTON BOWL CLASSIC
News, stories, predictions and more, as Texas plays Ohio State here Friday 
CLOSE
Weather
32°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
North Texas Friday weather forecast: Snow, ice to end with clearing expected midday
Live updates: Freezing temps overnight could make travel treacherous on D-FW roads
Amid cold conditions outside, Mavericks use hot fourth quarter in comeback win vs. Blazers
Grocery stores, malls closing early amid North Texas winter storm
U.S. Supreme Court denies Trump bid to delay sentencing in NYC hush money case
North Texas officials urge caution on roads as snow, ice settle in
Winter storm: Dallas airports de-ice after mass cancellations, more coming Friday
Photos removed from Fort Worth museum as police investigate child pornography allegations
Live radar: Watch as snow, sleet, freezing rain drop over Dallas-Fort Worth area
Everything to know about Texas-Ohio State: Quinn Ewers faces familiar foe in Cotton Bowl
ADVERTISEMENT
THIS IS MEMBER-EXCLUSIVE CONTENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Texas Rangers mystified by disastrous road woes: ‘We don’t get it, either’
The Rangers’ road woes from the 2023 regular season significantly worsened in 2024, which played a big role in why Texas isn’t going back to the playoffs.

By Evan Grant

Rangers beat writer/insider

Sep. 25, 2024
|
Updated 10:10 p.m. CDT
|
3 min. read
Texas Rangers' Travis Jankowski, right, walks to the dugout after striking out during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Oakland Athletics, Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Oakland, Calif.(Godofredo A. Vásquez / AP)

OAKLAND, Calif. — During an enigmatic season in which all their perceived strengths became weaknesses and their weaknesses seemed to become relative strengths, there are few areas at all in which the Texas Rangers’ performance was consistent with the team that won the World Series a year ago.

Lucky for us, though, we looked hard enough to find one.

Just like the 2023 Rangers, these Rangers have been bad on the road. This time around, there won’t be some crazy playoff streak to turn into a fun acronym or a feature story on a World Series ring. The Rangers’ doomed themselves to missing the playoffs by flopping on the road. After Wednesday’s win at Oakland, they sit at 31-46 (.403) on the road, the fifth-worst road winning percentage in the majors. They have a chance to lose 50 road games for just the 10th time in franchise history.

The Rangers went 40-41 on the road last year, the second-worst road record among playoff teams. Had they lost one more on the road, they might not have made the playoffs at all. If they’d performed that, um, “well,” this season, they’d still be in the American League wild card hunt. Point is: It’s been a long-term issue that must be resolved if the Rangers intend to contend in the future.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

“We don’t get it, either,” manager Bruce Bochy said Wednesday. “[General manager Chris Young] and I were talking about it. If we just play decently on the road this year, then we’d be knocking on the door right now.

“There are a lot of things in our game that are hard to explain, but we do have to play better on the road. Most teams are going to be better at home than on the road; that’s a given. But it’s something we will talk about as we go into spring training. It’s been part of the problem each of the last two years. We’re looking to get better. And whether that’s changing our routine or being more focused on some things, we will explore it.”

ADVERTISEMENT
Oakland Athletics players pour out of the dugout to celebrate after defeating the Texas Rangers 5-4 on a walk-off RBI single by Jacob Wilson in the ninth inning of a baseball game at the Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024.(Carlos Avila Gonzalez / AP)

Among the things Bochy said the club would consider: even changing when they travel. The Rangers this season have left home immediately after the final game of a homestand, even if the next day was an off day. Whether that’s had an impact is hard to say, but the Rangers have been dreadful in the first game of road trips following that travel plan. They are 1-6 this year, the lone win over a Miami team that will lose 100 games this season.

“I’m a big believer in things like proper rest,” Bochy said. “Basketball has led the way in that. It’s something we have to look at. We have to look at everything.”

Maybe one less hotel night would help. Couldn’t hurt. But what would help more: packing their offense. They were 11th in road OPS last year at .737 and averaged 4.91 runs per game. This year, it fell to .661 (entering Wednesday), which was 23rd of 30 teams. Their slugging percentage of .362 ranked 26th. They were scoring just 4.18 runs per game.

ADVERTISEMENT

Here’s the biggest mystery of all: The Rangers did show an ability to play an exceptional stretch of road baseball last October. On the way to the World Series title, they won all 11 of their road games in the postseason. It set an MLB record for the longest road-winning streak in a single postseason. In beating Tampa Bay (the Rays), Baltimore (Orioles), Houston (Astros) and Arizona (Diamondbacks), they even created a nice little reminder. The first letter of each team’s nickname spelled out “ROAD.” The Rangers commemorated it with a feature in their world championship rings.

ADVERTISEMENT

They played well on the road in the first month of the 2024 season, going 12-10 through early-May. The bottom has since fallen out.

“The bottom line is we haven’t played great baseball at home or on the road,” said second baseman Marcus Semien. “I know when we are at home, we get that home-field energy and that’s big. But we didn’t do enough offensively or defensively to be good enough. We need to be a better road team.”

It is the difference between winning a singular championship, as the Rangers did in 2023, and being a championship team.

Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’
ADVERTISEMENT

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

Click or tap here to sign up for our Rangers newsletter.

By Evan Grant

Evan has covered the Rangers since 1997. He has twice been named one of the top 10 beat writers in the country by the AP Sports Editors. His passions outside of covering baseball are his wife, Gina, his two step kids, two crazy dogs & barbecue. Let's not discuss the cat. Evan graduated from Georgia State University, but oddly is a Georgia fan.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
North Texas Friday weather forecast: Snow, ice to end with clearing expected midday
2
Live updates: Freezing temps overnight could make travel treacherous on D-FW roads
3
Winter storm: Dallas airports de-ice after mass cancellations, more coming Friday
4
Winter storm: Icy Dallas-Fort Worth roads suggest “extreme caution” for drivers on Friday
5
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2024/09/25/texas-rangers-mystified-by-disastrous-road-woes-we-dont-get-it-either/ 
 ----- 
