Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Semien tallies 1,500th career hit with his journey in mind
Share
Semien tallies 1,500th career hit with his journey in mind
Rangers' star remembers his roots in Texas' final series vs. A's in Oakland
September 26th, 2024

Kennedi Landry

@kennlandry
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

OAKLAND -- It was only right that Marcus Semien would lead off a game with a hit during the last series at the Coliseum.

Semien singled as part of a three-run first inning on Sept. 25, as the Rangers defeated the A’s, 5-1, to even the series in the penultimate game at the Oakland Coliseum. It marked the 1,500th hit of Semien’s career, 758 of which came during his six seasons in Oakland. Semien is just the 25th active player to reach 1,500 hits.

"It's a pretty surreal thing for someone to tell you that these are the last baseball games here,” Semien said prior to the series. “I still don't believe it. I think there will be baseball here at some point again. I'll definitely feel it once I see the fans out there. [It] should be packed from what they're saying, so it'd be fun to have that energy in this building. … It's just a place where I feel very comfortable playing baseball. This may be the last three games, but I'm just looking forward to this.”

The Bay Area native and University of California Berkeley alum, Semien has the most career games played (409) at the Oakland Coliseum among active MLB players (next is Mark Canha, with 327).

Semien also had the most hits (402), doubles (78), triples (12), and runs (236). He is one of just six players in Coliseum history with at least 400 hits, 235 runs, 75 doubles, and 35 stolen bases, joining Rickey Henderson, Reggie Jackson, Carney Lansford, Jose Canseco and Bert Campaneris.

"You figure I was probably up there after six years of playing pretty much every day,” Semien said. “I think that's always been my goal, to play and be out there every day. I was given the opportunity by [A's senior advisor and former general manager] Billy Beane and [former manager Bob Melvin] to continue to grow. It wasn't always pretty, but they let me work through my struggles, and I stayed healthy for the most part, too."

Related
Rangers trade Festa to Cubs for cash

January 9th, 2025

Heim, Taveras avoid arbitration, agree to 2025 contracts

1:34 AM UTC

How Rangers fill closer role in 2025 still up in the air

January 8th, 2025

Bochy could look to rest iron man Semien more

December 18th, 2024

Rangers bring holiday cheer to Medical City Children's Hospital

December 5th, 2024

Who are the kings of 'Club 162'?

September 30th, 2024

The Rangers' personal iron man has been that way since his days in Oakland as well. He played 155 or more games in every full season except 2017, when he was sidelined due to a wrist injury. He was a mainstay in the A’s lineup, just as he has been in Texas.

"I can imagine how Marcus feels playing here. He spent a lot of time here -- growing up here, too,” said manager Bruce Bochy. “I know it's probably a lot going through his head. He spent time here, grew up here, and now he’s going to wrap up baseball here at the Coliseum. I'm sure it's still a little stunning for him … But you know what? We're gonna take it and enjoy it and play some good baseball.”

With both of his parents being from San Francisco, Semien grew up a Giants fan -- but as an East Bay product, he frequented the Coliseum growing up. He would take BART with his friends, they would debate Barry Bonds vs. Jason Giambi while attending Giants vs. A’s games. He watched his fair share of baseball in Oakland.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Marcus Semien signs autographs for some young A's fans at the Coliseum (Photo: Ezra Shaw/Getty Images)

He came to appreciate the A’s and their fan base years later, when Oakland acquired him in a trade with the White Sox on Dec. 9, 2014. Just 24 at the time of the trade, Semien struggled early in his A’s tenure before becoming the player he is today, finishing third in AL MVP voting in 2019.

His six years in the East Bay is still the longest he’s spent with any franchise as he completes his third with Texas. Despite the age of the Coliseum, it still holds a special place in his heart.

"When I grew up around here, I didn't think [about the facilities],” Semien said. “I just thought, ‘Wow, this Major League stadium that I get to watch big league players play at.’ Then once I got here, it was an opportunity for me to play every day. So I never thought anything about the facilities. I didn't have that opportunity in Chicago. I had it here, and I just tried to take that and run with it. I never, never really complained about anything because I had a starting job in the Major Leagues."

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Marcus Semien

Kennedi Landry covers the Rangers for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/marcus-semien-gets-1500th-career-hit-in-rangers-win-in-oakland 
 ----- 
