Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Orlando Magic
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
Gameday
Youth Basketball
Shop
Community
Connect
Orlando Magic's Franz Wagner Named NBA's Eastern Conference Player of the Week
Official Release
November 18, 20243:30 PM EST

ORLANDO – The NBA has announced that Orlando Magic forward Franz Wagner has been named the NBA’s Eastern Conference Player of the Week for the period ending Nov. 17, 2024. It marks the first time that Wagner has won the league's top weekly honor in his career.

Wagner becomes the 14th player in Orlando Magic history to be named NBA’s Eastern Conference Player of the Week and the first since Paolo Banchero on Nov. 26, 2023.

During three games last week, Wagner averaged 30.7 ppg., 7.3 rpg., 5.7 apg. and 2.00 stlpg. in 36.5 minpg., while shooting .889 (16-18) from the free throw line. He led (or tied) the Magic in scoring three times, in rebounding twice and in assists three times. Wagner scored 20+ points in all three games and 30+ points twice. He has scored 20+ points in seven consecutive outings, dating back to Nov. 4. Orlando went a perfect 3-0 last week with wins over Charlotte, Indiana and Philadelphia, and is currently riding a five-game winning streak, tied for the second-longest active win streak in the NBA. At 7-0, the Magic are one of only three teams in the NBA that are undefeated at home (Cleveland, L.A. Lakers).

Wagner has played and started in all 14 games this season for Orlando, averaging 22.2 ppg., 5.6 rpg., 4.8 apg. and 1.50 stlpg. in 30.7 minpg., while shooting .850 (51-60) from the free throw line. He has led (or tied) the Magic in scoring 10 times, in rebounding four times and in assists eight times. Wagner has scored in double figures 12 times, 20+ points 10 times and 30+ points twice, including a season-high 32 points on Nov. 12 vs. Charlotte.

Tags
Game Day
Latest News
Team News
Related Articles
Orlando Magic's Franz Wagner Named NBA's Eastern Conference Player of the Week
Franz Wagner Has Truly Become One of the NBA’s Most Versatile, Complete Players
Orlando Magic at Phoenix Suns: Game Preview
Orlando Magic Sweep Five-Game Homestand Behind Another Sensational Defensive Effort
TEAM
Roster
Leaders
Players Stats
Team Stats
Osceola Magic
Executive Leadership
DeVos Family
TICKETS
Buy Tickets
Ticket Plans
Suites
Group Tickets
Visiting Orlando?
Season Ticket Holders
Military/First Responders
NEWS
News
Schedule
Videos
MORE
Kia Center
Fan Code of Conduct
Community
OMYF
Shop
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.

We appreciate your understanding and flexibility while we work through this together.

Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/magic/news/orlando-magic-franz-wagner-named-nba-eastern-conference-player-of-the-week-20241118 
 ----- 
