Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Play Daily Draw!
Key takeaways from Cavs-Thunder
5 days, 8 games: Playoff football is here
Keys for wild-card games
Los Angeles wildfires: Sports impact
Joel Embiid, Sixers address their place in the standings after loss
Ky Carlin, Sixers Wire
Sat, Nov 16, 2024·3 min read
2

ORLANDO, Fla. -- It's no secret the Philadelphia 76ers have gotten off to a poor start to the 2024-25 season. They are now 2-10 following a loss to the Orlando Magic on Friday and find themselves near the bottom of the East.

The Sixers are ahead of only the 2-11 Toronto Raptors in the East. This start is not what many were expecting of this group, but they also have been dealing with injuries to Joel Embiid, Paul George, and Tyrese Maxey that have derailed them a bit.

When considering the expectations and the start on the floor, it's been an overall disappointment when looking at the standings.

"When you have the record that we have, it would be hard not to look at it, but then again, we’ve had a lot of adversity," Embiid said of the standings. "I missed the first couple games, PG missed the first couple games, and now Reese being out."

With that being said, it isn't like the East is really separating itself from the Sixers. The No. 4 seed New York Knicks are only 6-6 and just four games ahead of Philadelphia. The No. 10 seed Chicago Bulls--the last spot for the play-in tournament--are 2.5 games ahead of the Sixers.

"To be honest, the East isn’t doing that great, and so not to look at it in that manner, but again, I don't think it's a panic with how the East is going," added Paul George. "We still got a ton of season left and a ton to improve and a ton to jump up in the rankings once we start playing well. Again, it's on our side that, you know, the East hasn't really separated, and so with that, we have time."

George is right. The Sixers do have a ton of time with 70 games still to play. On the flip side, it does appear that a top 3 seed in the East could be out of play. The Cleveland Cavaliers are now 14-0, the Boston Celtics are 10-3, and the Magic are now 8-6. The Sixers do have some serious ground to make up already.

Embiid, however, is preaching patience. This is a brand new group with so many new faces and they haven't been able to build chemistry due to so many pieces being in and out of the lineup.

"I think the biggest of all is we have a lot of new guys," Embiid finished. "You could see on the floor, it's gonna take a while for everybody to be on the same page. What we have to do offensive when I have the ball or when someone has a ball, when we have to cut, where we have to be, just being together. On the defensive side, we've been pretty fine. I think on the offensive side—that's what happens you’ve had a lot of injuries and you have 95% of the team is new."

The Sixers will continue their road trip on Monday when they take on the Miami Heat.

This article originally appeared on Sixers Wire: Joel Embiid, Sixers address their place in the standings after loss

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
76ers star Joel Embiid ejected for arguing with officials after crashing into Victor Wembanyama in win over Spurs

Joel Embiid charged into Victor Wembanyama, and then erupted at the officials after being called for the offensive foul.

17d ago
Yahoo Sports
Sixers' Joel Embiid suffers sinus fracture vs. Pacers, will be evaluated over weekend

Embiid has suffered orbital fractures on each side of his face during his career.

a month ago
Yahoo Sports
Joel Embiid scores 34 in return to 76ers' lineup after missing 1 game with sinus fracture

Embiid, Paul George and Tyrese Maxey played together for only the fourth time this season.

20d ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck entering NCAA transfer portal: Report

Beck previously declared for the 2025 NFL Draft, but will play one more college season.

29m ago
Yahoo Sports
Ravens WR Zay Flowers ruled out of wild-card game vs. Steelers with knee injury

Flowers injured his knee during Baltimore's Week 18 win over Cleveland.

1h ago
Yahoo Sports
Australian Open preview: Novak Djokovic tries to get back on top, Aryna Sabalenka goes for 3rd consecutive trophy

Aryna Sabalenka and Jannik Sinner will try to defend their 2024 titles, but Coco Gauff and Novak Djokovic loom large.

22m ago
Yahoo Sports
Cade Cunningham has taken on the challenge of being Detroit's franchise player: 'I would love to have my own chapter'

The Pistons are making noise in the East again, with their star point guard leading the way.

3h ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA postpones Thursday's Hornets-Lakers game due to Los Angeles wildfires, coach JJ Redick's home reportedly lost

"The entire NBA family sends its thoughts and support to the community of Los Angeles during this challenging time," the league said.

56m ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports AM: 5 days of football

In today's edition: Football heaven, Cavs beat Thunder, the best remaining MLB free agents, the NFL's cellar dwellers stunk it up, D-II basketball genius, and more.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Padres ownership lawsuit drama, Verlander to Giants & Dodgers trade World Series champ | Baseball Bar-B-Cast

Jake Mintz and Jordan Shusterman discuss the Padres' lawsuit drama, Justin Verlander signing with the Giants, the Dodgers trading Gavin Lux, Brent Rooker signing an extension and make their picks for The Good, The Bad & The Uggla.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Are the Sacramento Kings better off WITHOUT De’Aaron Fox? | The Big Number

Tom Haberstroh and Dan Devine reveal this week’s Big Number and evaluate if the Sacramento Kings are better off without De’Aaron Fox on the court and, if so, should they trade him before the deadline?

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cavaliers beat Thunder in clash of NBA's top teams

The NBA's best offense beat the NBA's best defense, in a game with 30 lead changes and no double-digit leads.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bengals WR Jermaine Burton reportedly accused of assaulting woman, no charges filed

Jermaine Burton's rookie year was an unmitigated disaster.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Doc: Power conferences seeking more control over NCAA championships, governance

The proposal would grant the SEC, Big Ten, Big 12 and ACC rights to manage postseason championships, such as the men’s and women’s basketball tournaments.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Does Notre Dame still need to join a conference? | College Football Enquirer

On today's episode of The College Football Enquirer, Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SI's Pat Forde discuss the latest buzz coming from media days at the Orange Bowl. Specifically, they discuss comments made by Penn State head coach James Franklin about Notre Dame football and them needing to join a conference.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football 2024 TE Exit Interview: Is chaos actually a friend to the position?

Fantasy football analyst Scott Pianowski examines what was yet another strange season at the tight end position.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Kawhi Leonard stepping away from Clippers to be with family impacted by Los Angeles fires

Kawhi Leonard's family is safe in Los Angeles after having to evacuate due to the fires in the region this week.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Tyreek Hill trade reports, Mike Tomlin on the HOT SEAT? & Cowboys block McCarthy-Bears interview | Inside Coverage

In this episode of Inside Coverage, Jason Fitz, Jori Epstein, and Frank Schwab dive into the latest NFL storylines and coaching news.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Florida Panthers to host 2026 NHL Winter Classic vs. New York Rangers

This will be the NHL's first outdoor game in Florida and first involving the Panthers.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football 2024 WR Exit Interview: You should expect the position to bounce back in 2025

Fantasy football analyst Matt Harmon takes one last look at the wide receiver position as we turn our attention to 2025.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Utah Privacy Notice
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/joel-embiid-sixers-address-place-131000324.html 
 ----- 
