Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
NBA Fans Sound Off After 76ers' Disappointing Loss vs Magic
The 76ers came up short once again in Orlando.
Justin Grasso | Nov 16, 2024
Nov 15, 2024; Orlando, Florida, USA; Philadelphia 76ers center Joel Embiid (21) is guarded by Orlando Magic forward Jonathan Isaac (1) in the third quarter at Kia Center. Mandatory Credit: Nathan Ray Seebeck-Imagn Images / Nathan Ray Seebeck-Imagn Images
In this story:
Philadelphia 76ers
Orlando Magic

Expectations were high for the Philadelphia 76ers heading into the 2024-2025 NBA season. Just 12 games in, it’s safe to say the Sixers are coming up way short of expectations.

Friday’s game against the Orlando Magic offered the Sixers an opportunity to get back on the right path. Joel Embiid was slated to play in his second game, and Paul George was getting his minutes restriction removed after nearly two weeks of action.

While Tyrese Maxey’s hamstring will keep him off the court for at least another week, the Sixers have been excited to roll out their rookie guard Jared McCain, who continues thriving.

McCain’s performance against Orlando ended up being NBA fans’ only positive takeaway.

In 31 minutes of action, McCain knocked down ten of his 17 shots. He drilled five threes, accounting for 29 points before fouling out late in the second half.

Meanwhile, Joel Embiid and Paul George totaled 33 points on 9-30 shooting from the field. The rest of the roster that played scored just 23 of the Sixers’ 86 points for the night.

In NBA Cup play the Sixers drop to 0-2. When it comes to the Eastern Conference ranks, the Sixers are in 14th place with the same amount of wins as the Toronto Raptors, who lost to the Detroit Pistons on Friday night. With a 2-10 record, in the midst of a three-game losing streak, the Sixers are easily one of the most disappointing teams to start the year.

Nov 15, 2024; Orlando, Florida, USA; Orlando Magic guard Jalen Suggs (4) drives to the basket past Philadelphia 76ers guard Jared McCain (20) in the fourth quarter at Kia Center. Mandatory Credit: Nathan Ray Seebeck-Imagn Images / Nathan Ray Seebeck-Imagn Images
NBA Fans React to the 76ers’ Loss vs. Orlando Magic

@lucarosano3: Nobody had the 76ers and Raptors as the two worst teams in the NBA in the early part of the season.

@Illicitraps: Tyrese Maxey please come back

@RiseFallNickBck: This is a bad team and this is turning into a lost season very quickly. A 2-10 start is just unacceptable with the expectations. Unsurprisingly, this organization has let this city down yet again after saying this time it'd be different. McCain and Flagg next season though.

@JustinLever3: The Philadelphia 76ers are 2-10 🫠

@RBPhillyTake: The Sixers are relying on a 16th overall pick to carry them to wins. Times are rough right now.

Published Nov 16, 2024
JUSTIN GRASSO

Title: Credentialed writer/reporter covering the Philadelphia 76ers for Sports Illustrated’s FanNation Email: JustinGrasso32@Gmail.com Location: Philadelphia, PA Expertise: Reporting, insight, and analysis on the Sixers and the NBA  Justin Grasso is a credentialed writer and publisher covering the Philadelphia 76ers for Sports Illustrated’s FanNation.  Grasso got his start in sports media in 2016 with FantasyPros, working the news desk, providing game-by-game player analysis and updates on the Portland Trail Blazers and the Golden State Warriors. By 2017, he joined FanSided’s Philadelphia Eagles site as a staff writer. After spending one season covering the Eagles as a staff writer, Grasso was promoted to become the site’s Co-Editor. For the next two NFL seasons, he covered the Eagles closely before broadening his NFL coverage. For a brief stint, Grasso covered the NFL on a national basis after joining Heavy.com as an NFL news desk writer. In 2019, Grasso joined the 76ers' beat on a part-time basis, stepping into a role with South Jersey’s 97.3 ESPN. Ahead of the 2019-2020 NBA season, he concluded a three-year stint covering the Eagles and joined the Sixers beat full-time. Grasso has covered the 76ers exclusively since then for Sports Illustrated. He is a member of the Pro Basketball Writer’s Association.  Twitter: @JGrasso_ Instagram: @JGrassoNBA

Follow @JGrasso_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/76ers/news/nba-fans-sound-off-after-76ers-disappointing-loss-vs-magic 
 ----- 
