Skip to content

Order before December 19th to ensure delivery in time for Christmas in Ireland!

Open navigation menu
Cork City FC Shop
Open search
Open account page
Open cart
0
Match Reports
Match Report: Cork City 0-0 UCD

Jun 4, 2024

By Leo Murray

The points were shared at Turners Cross on Bank Holiday Monday as UCD keeper Kian Moore kept City at bay.

City made four changes to their starting eleven from their loss to Athlone last Friday. City had both Evan McLaughlin and Niall Brookwell unavailable through suspension and injury respectively, with Conor Drinan and Darragh Crowley their replacements.

Midfielders Greg Bolger and Barry Coffey were benched for the fixture, as Josh Fitzpatrick and Cian Bargary started.

Malik Dijksteel also made his long-awaited return to the match squad, as the Dutchman was named on the bench for the first time this season.

William O’Connor made three changes to his UCD side, as Adam Verdon, Alex Dunne and Jake Doyle started for The Students.

City began the game with intensity and showed intent very early on, with Cian Bargary flicking the ball over the head of Adam Wells and executing a lovely Cruyff turn before crossing into the box, but his cross was diverted away by a UCD head.

Conor Drinan also showed his skills as he manoeuvred past two UCD men in the 7th minute and let fly from outside the box, but his curling shot was caught by Kian Moore in goal.

Moore then denied City a certain goal ten minutes in, as he dived low and saved Cian Bargary’s effort from close range.

Mikey McCullagh went down for UCD in the 34th minute and had to be substituted off with Donal Higgins his replacement.

Jack Doherty troubled Moore twice during the first half from free-kicks, but Moore made two good stops to deny him.

Sean Murray almost stunned The Cross in the 42nd minute as he suddenly launched a powerful shot at goal from halfway — catching the UCD keeper off his line.

Moore was able to quickly recover though, and did just enough to get his fingertips to the ball and parry it over the bar to keep the sides level at the interval.

The second half was a much less action-packed affair then the first, with neither side able to get a solid momentum going.

Donal Higgins came close for The Students with a free kick just outside the City area, but his effort only just curled over the bar.

UCD keeper Kian Moore was single-handedly keeping his team in the game, and he pulled off another spectacular save from Greg Bolger’s low shot.

UCD’s best chance of the half came as Danú Kinsella-Bishop dribbled threateningly into the City penalty area, but his shot was a poor one as it rolled wide of the post.

Malik Dijksteel made an appearance with ten minutes to go, as he replaced Josh Fitzpatrick on the wing.

The game finished scoreless, the second time this season City and UCD played out a 0–0 draw.

City will definitely feel hard done by some of the referee’s questionable decisions in the second half, but also by the apparent lack of creativity in the final third.

Kian Moore was undoubtedly the hero for The Students though, as his saves denied two or three certain goals to salvage a draw.

Despite the draw, City stay nine points clear at the top of the table due to results elsewhere.

City are back in action again this week, as Longford Town make the trip to Turners Cross on Friday night for a usual 19:45 kickoff.

UCD are at home on Friday night, as they take on Kerry FC.

Share
Reading next

City Edition - Issue 8 Available Now!

Jun 3, 2024
Aaron Howey

Match Report: City 2-0 Longford Town

Jun 9, 2024
Leo Murray

Leave a comment

This site is protected by hCaptcha and the hCaptcha Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Name
E-mail
Message
Submit

Sign up for our official club newsletter and special offers!

E-mail
Subscribe

Menu

Search
Latest News
Gift Card / Voucher
Returns
Privacy Policy
Contact Us

About

We are Cork City Football Club, born in 1984.

United States (USD $)

© 2024, Cork City FC Shop. Powered by Shopify. Designed by Spéire.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.corkcityfc.ie/blogs/news/match-report-cork-city-0-0-ucd?srsltid=AfmBOoo4Ht4OD_gHeNiHa8tEdo5lQ6lv1CwbC4m-ku4OpGEGGnz45QPJ 
 ----- 
