Subscribe to WSN. Sign up for special offers

Home
 
MLB

Best MLB Prop Bets Today | MLB Player Props September 13
Contributors
Published September 13, 2023
4 min read

Pitchers are the focus of our MLB prop bets for Wednesday. With a couple of Cy Young contenders on the mound in the National League, there are plenty of chances to cash in on high-level hurlers in Wednesday’s slate. Below are our top three prop picks for the day on the diamond.

Arizona Diamondbacks vs New York Mets
My Pick: Zac Gallen Under 5.5 hits allowed (EVEN at DraftKings Sportsbook)

Zac Gallen is still in the race for the NL Cy Young, and he has a chance to boost his profile for that award against the New York Mets on Wednesday. The Mets are very close to being mathematically eliminated from playoff contention for the season. Expect them to put up little resistance against Gallen, and for the Diamondbacks ace to give up fewer than 5.5 hits on the day.

There are some concerns about whether or not Gallen can deliver as a pitcher on the road at this point in time. However, Gallen has done some work to address those concerns, as he threw a complete game shutout in his last outing on the road against the Chicago Cubs. Here, he faces a team much worse offensively than that Chicago lineup that he shut out, and that should help Gallen to put forth another strong performance away from Chase Field.

This is a huge game for the Diamondbacks, who enter this contest holding onto the third and final Wild Card spot in the National League. They are just one game clear of the Cincinnati Reds for that final spot, making this the perfect time for Gallen to take the mound and throw another gem to help his team.

Oakland Athletics vs Houston Astros
My Pick: Hunter Brown to record the win (+150 at PointsBet)

Next up, we look at a pitcher who is not a Cy Young candidate, as Hunter Brown pitches for the Houston Astros against the Oakland Athletics. The A’s have had the Astros’ number in this series so far, winning two games in a row against the top team in the AL West. But Brown should be able to help put a stop to that, and we like him to come away with the win when this game is in the books.

Oakland has picked up wins against Framber Valdez and Justin Verlander on back-to-back days, something very few would have expected to happen. But Oakland’s wins in those games were related to pitching more than anything else, as the Astros scored a combined two runs in those contests. If the Astros can get anything going offensively, they can turn things around on Wednesday.

Brown has not been great this season, as he enters this game with a 10-11 record and a 4.78 ERA. But against the worst team in all of baseball, he should be able to put something respectable together on the mound in this spot. Look for Brown to hand the A’s their 100th loss of the season here.

San Diego Padres vs Los Angeles Dodgers
My Pick: Dodgers team total under 4.5 runs (-108 at FanDuel Sportsbook)
How We Rate
Affiliate Disclaimer
21+

FanDuel

4.5/5

Free play options

Special contests for newbies

BET $5, GET $200 IN BONUS BETS

21+ | Terms and conditions apply

Claim Now
FanDuel Review

Our final MLB prop bet for Wednesday features another Cy Young candidate in the National League. Blake Snell leads the San Diego Padres into battle against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium, with the Dodgers favored to beat the NL Cy Young favorite. But we think that Snell will shut the Dodgers down in this game, and are happy to take the under on the Dodgers team total for this contest.

Snell has pitched against the Dodgers three times already this season, going 0-1 in those three games so far. But he deserves a ton of credit for holding the Dodgers to an opposing batting average of just .153 in those three games. If he can once again prevent the Dodgers from piling up hits on him, Snell could help the Padres to come away with a win in this contest and further solidify himself as the Cy Young favorite.

See different MLB betting sites for more betting opportunities!

Latest MLB Articles
Show more

MLB Free Agency Predictions: Juan Soto Signs Largest Contract in Sports History With Mets

1 month ago | Tanner Kern

Best MLB Prop Bets Today: Five Prop Bets for World Series Game 5

2 months ago | Bryan Zarpentine

Best MLB Same Game Parlay Picks Today: Yankees Fight Back

2 months ago | Tanner Kern

Jay Sanin

SPORTS BETTING ANALYST & CONTENT SPECIALIST

Expertise:
NFL
MLB
Betting Picks
Online Sports Betting
Jay Sanin is a sports bettor and writer from New York. He has been handicapping since the moment he was old enough to gamble legally, with his specialties being niche sports like the WNBA and XFL. He’s been told he has a voice for radio. He also has a face for radio.
MORE ARTICLES BY JAY SANIN
Email:
jay.sanin@wsn.com
Nationality:
American
Education:
N/A
Favourite Sportsbook:
Borgata Sportsbook
Favourite Casino:
PlayStar Casino
Experience:
15 years
Get special offers and tips straight to your inbox

Sign up to our newsletter to get WSN's latest hands-on reviews, expert advice, and exclusive offers delivered straight to your inbox.

Subscribe
We've been featured on:
We only list licensed sportsbooks
POPULAR
NBA vs WNBA
UFC Weight Classes
DraftKings vs FanDuel
Fair-Weather Fans
Best Movie Training Montages
Parlay Calculator
Horse Racing Calculator
High School Athlete Endorsement Index
NFL Offense Rankings
NFL Defense Rankings
NFL Picks Against the Spread
NFL FUTURES
Super Bowl Odds
NFC Championship Odds
AFC Championship Odds
NFL MVP Odds
NFL Offensive Player Of The Year Odds
NFL Defensive Player Of The Year Odds
NFL Win Totals Odds
View All NFL Futures
ABOUT WSN
Contact Us
About Us
Our Team
How We Rate
Responsible Gambling
Careers
Press
Environment and Sustainability
Diversity and Inclusion
Web Accessibility
Sitemap
POLICY
Editorial Principles
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Underage Policy
Player Rights
KYC (Know Your Customer)
Security Policy

We support responsible gambling. Gambling can be addictive, please play responsibly. If you need help, call 1-800-Gambler.

WSN.com is managed by Gentoo Media. Unless declared otherwise, all of the visible content on this site, such as texts and images, including the brand name and logo, belongs to Innovation Labs Limited (a Gentoo Media company) - Company Registration Number C44130, VAT ID: MT18874732, @GIG Beach Triq id-Dragunara, St. Julians, STJ3148, Malta.

Advertising Disclosure: WSN.com contains links to partner websites. When a visitor to our website clicks on one of these links and makes a purchase at a partner site, World Sports Network is paid a commission.

Copyright © 2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wsn.com/mlb/best-mlb-prop-bets-today-september-13-2023/ 
 ----- 
