Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Royals hope ALDS loss will 'light a torch' for next season
Share
Royals hope ALDS loss will 'light a torch' for next season
After astounding turnaround from '23, Kansas City focused on how far it can go with this core
October 11th, 2024

Anne Rogers

@anne__rogers
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

KANSAS CITY -- It was, by all accounts, a magical season in Kansas City. From 56 wins in 2023 to 86 and the postseason in ‘24. Bringing playoff baseball back to Kauffman Stadium for the first time since ‘15. The marvelous season of shortstop Bobby Witt Jr. and an incredible pitching turnaround fueled by one of the best rotations in baseball.

All of that doesn’t mean there can’t be disappointment for how it ended.

The Royals’ season closed Thursday when they lost, 3-1, in Game 4 of the American League Division Series to the Yankees at Kauffman Stadium. A series of tight games and close calls ended with the Royals losing the final two games, both at home.

As the Royals filed out of the dugout into their home clubhouse, one stayed, hanging over the railing and watching the Yankees celebrate a trip to the ALCS.

Bobby Witt Jr. was the last Royal to go inside.

“It just kind of feels like you let a lot of people down,” Witt said postgame, still in his jersey. “Something that will light a torch in you. Now, for Kansas City Royals baseball, this is what we want. This is what we're going to do every year.

“It's not how we're going to get [to the postseason]. It’s how far we're going to go.”

Certainly, the expectations have been raised after the Royals’ 2024 run. From the start of Spring Training, the goal inside the clubhouse was getting to October baseball, despite all the projections that had the Royals as a sub-.500 team at the time.

In the end, they won 86 games for a 30-win turnaround and became the third team in Major League history to make the postseason following a 100-loss season. And then the Royals swept the Orioles in the AL Wild Card Series before facing the Yankees in the ALDS.

“We knew we were going to be able to surprise some people,” Michael Massey said. “At the end of the day, we proved to ourselves more than anything that we’re capable of being a really good team. I think it creates a different buzz around the clubhouse.”

And as Witt repeated Thursday, “motivation” for the future. For all they showed this season, the Royals will have things to fix for 2025. The offense disappeared the final month of the regular season and for most of the postseason.

Related
'We're going to win': Lorenzen reunites with Royals on 1-year deal

January 8th, 2025

Where KC's rotation stands with Lorenzen back

January 8th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Royals sign versatile Biggio to Minor League deal

January 5th, 2025

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Kansas City’s stars and heart of the lineup -- Witt, Vinnie Pasquantino and Salvador Perez -- often carried so much of the offense but went a combined 6-for-49 in the ALDS. Perez’s homer in Game 2 carried the Royals to their only win. After the benches cleared in the sixth inning Thursday, Witt singled and scored on Pasquantino’s double for the only run against Yankees starter Gerrit Cole in seven innings.

Otherwise, the Yankees neutralized the three biggest bats in the Royals’ dugout, and the rest of the lineup wasn’t deep enough to pick them up. Twice Thursday, the Royals had flyouts at the very edge of the warning track in right field, near-homers knocked down into Juan Soto’s glove. Kyle Isbel’s in the seventh inning would have been a game-tying two-run blast off Cole and a home run in 24 ballparks -- including Yankee Stadium.

“There’s so many what-ifs in the game after you get done looking back at it,” Witt said. “So all you can do now is just learn from it.”

Kansas City’s 2024 season was built on its pitching, particularly its rotation, but not one of their starters pitched into the sixth inning this series. Game 4 starter Michael Wacha allowed two runs on six hits in 4 2/3 innings on Thursday. Three pitches into the game, the Royals were down, 1-0. Gleyber Torres smacked a first-pitch fastball for a double and scored on Juan Soto’s single.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Wacha reflects on 'great' first season in KC -- and potential return

“Usually in the postseason, you're going to have a little shorter leash,” manager Matt Quatraro said. “Playing a team like this where the two, three, four hitters are who they are, there's a little more urgency in those situations.”

Quatraro pulled Wacha on Thursday with runners on the corners and two outs in the fifth inning, bringing in closer Lucas Erceg. The Royals wanted their very best reliever on the mound, in hopes of keeping the game close instead of letting him sit in the bullpen in hopes of being in the perfect situation in the ninth inning.

Erceg got out of that situation in the fifth but allowed another run in the sixth to give the Yankees a 3-0 lead. The rest of the Royals’ bullpen held the Yankees scoreless the final three innings.

“They battled their butts off, man,” Quatraro said. “They gave everything they had. … We kept those guys to three runs the last two days. You've got to tip your cap; they beat us.”

Back slaps and goodbyes filled the Royals’ clubhouse postgame. The team chemistry was evident all year, and it added to the hope of making a deep October run.

Having it end Thursday was abrupt.

“If you back up from it a bit, it was a pretty impressive season,” Pasquantino said. “But as a player on the team, it wasn’t enough. We knew that we had a good shot to compete and make the playoffs, and I think we felt good about our chances. And we just didn’t do enough. That stings. A lot.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Kansas City Royals

Anne Rogers covers the Royals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

2:56 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

Can this AL West team swoop in on Sasaki?

January 8th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/royals-lose-2024-alds-to-yankees 
 ----- 
