Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'They're not afraid': Tested Guards celebrate 12th AL Central title
Share
'They're not afraid': Tested Guards celebrate 12th AL Central title
September 22nd, 2024

Mandy Bell

@MandyBell02
Share
;

6 SECONDS REMAINING

ST. LOUIS -- The Guardians weren’t going to let 2023 happen again. That’s why, despite the odds being stacked against them, their success hasn’t been a surprise to them this year.

Complete coverage: Guardians’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

A 6-5 loss to the Cardinals on Saturday night at Busch Stadium meant nothing in the big picture. Hours before that, the Royals lost to the Giants, meaning the Guardians had clinched their 12th AL Central title and they are now one step closer to earning that first-round bye in the postseason.

“The only way you win a World Series is to pop champagne to get there,” Guardians president of baseball operations Chris Antonetti said.

This was the moment they all had worked for. This was why they all decided to report to Spring Training a week earlier than they had to. It took time to see the fruits of their labor pay off, but when they were all screaming, smiling and pouring champagne on each other’s heads for the second time in three days, they knew they had earned it.

Postseason FAQ: What's next for Guardians?

It didn’t matter what the outside narrative was to the guys who walked in and out of that clubhouse throughout this season. The Guardians were well aware of the narrative that surrounded them. The roster nearly mirrored the one that caused the club to take a step back in ’23. Plus, they had a first-time manager in Vogt stepping in for a Hall of Famer in Terry Francona. Surely, he’d need time to find his footing.

Related
Guardians avoid arb, lock up Kwan and Thomas for 2025

January 9th, 2025

Who will snag Guardians' No. 5 starter spot?

January 8th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

4 reasons why CC Sabathia should be a Hall of Famer

January 6th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

What's next for Guardians approaching 2025 season

January 4th, 2025

And yet, we were all wrong.

It didn’t matter that a virus that spread through the clubhouse at the end of Spring Training caused some players to miss Opening Day. It didn’t matter that James Karinchak and Trevor Stephan -- the team’s seventh- and eighth-inning bullpen arms -- suffered injuries that kept them out all year. It didn’t matter that they lost their ace, Shane Bieber, after just two starts so he could undergo Tommy John surgery.

It didn’t matter that they didn’t have ample starting pitching depth, especially since Gavin Williams and Joey Cantillo also started the year on the IL. It didn’t matter that Triston McKenzie wouldn’t emerge as a clear No. 2 starter and ended up getting optioned to Triple-A Columbus. It also didn’t matter that Logan Allen joined him in Columbus a week later.

This was all part of the Guardians’ story. No matter what was thrown at them, they found a way to navigate around it.

Sick and injured relievers to start the season? It was a blessing in disguise, considering it allowed Cade Smith to make the Opening Day roster when he otherwise wouldn’t have.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Bieber out? Tanner Bibee emerged as the ace.

Lack of rotational depth? Ben Lively became the most consistent starter this team could’ve asked for. Then, the Guardians added Matthew Boyd, who was still recovering from Tommy John surgery in June, and he became a late-season weapon once he was healthy. Once Cantillo was back in the mix, he provided a much-needed boost down the stretch.

Starters struggling? Just turn to the best bullpen in the Majors with a closer who set the franchise’s all-time saves record this year. Smith was electric. Hunter Gaddis masterfully transitioned from starter to trustworthy eighth-inning man. And Emmanuel Clase’s sparkling 0.63 ERA and 32 consecutive saves streak has forced his name to be in the AL Cy Young conversation.

A subpar offense in ’23? The Guardians spent the offseason changing their approach to add more impact. Suddenly, they had an AL-best five All-Stars, including Steven Kwan, José Ramírez, Josh Naylor, David Fry and, obviously, Clase.

They needed a boost of energy? They brought in Lane Thomas alongside Alex Cobb at the Trade Deadline. The more Thomas got acquainted with his new team, the hotter his bat got. And when Sept. 1 hit, Kyle Manzardo brought even more life to the lineup.

Each answer to every hurdle just built a wave of momentum that has yet to crash.

“They’re not afraid,” Vogt said. “They believe they can win every single night no matter who the other team is.”

For the second time in three days, the Guardians chased each other in a plastic-lined clubhouse with endless bottles of champagne. They want to celebrate each milestone they reach, not because they weren’t expecting to be here. It’s quite the opposite. They all know how much work they put in to make this possible.

Even when it didn’t make sense to the outside world, the Guardians knew this day would come. And they were going to enjoy it.

“It just felt like we all cared super early,” Kwan said. “It doesn’t feel like a surprise that we’re at where we’re at.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians

Mandy Bell covers the Guardians for MLB.com. Listen to her on the Ballpark Dimensions podcast with Sarah Langs.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/guardians-clinch-2024-al-central-title 
 ----- 
