Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Guardians score Saturday | Cleveland clinches division despite rally falling short vs Cardinals
Gannett
STAFF REPORT
September 22, 2024 at 12:46 AM
Sep 21, 2024; St. Louis, Missouri, USA; Cleveland Guardians manager Stephen Vogt (12) reacts after catcher Bo Naylor (not pictured) hit a solo home run against the St. Louis Cardinals during the fifth inning at Busch Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Jeff Curry-Imagn Images

ST. LOUIS — The Cleveland Guardians nearly pulled off another comeback Saturday night.

They came up short, losing 6-5 to the St. Louis Cardinals.

Still, they got to celebrate in the clubhouse for the second time in three days after the game. A 9-0 loss by the Kansas City Royals to the San Francisco Giants earlier Saturday clinched the American League Central Division title for the Guardians.

Cleveland (90-66) had already locked up a playoff berth Thursday. The Guardians did that in comeback fashion to beat the Twins, their major league-best 42nd of the season.

They tried for No. 43 Saturday night, falling behind the Cardinals 6-1 after seven innings.

Jose Ramirez hit a three-run homer in the eighth to get the Guardians within 6-4. Later in the inning, Andres Giménez doubled to right, scoring Lane Thomas and cutting the deficit to 6-5.

Sep 21, 2024; St. Louis, Missouri, USA; Cleveland Guardians third baseman Jose Ramirez (11) reacts as he runs the bases after hitting a three run home run against the St. Louis Cardinals during the eighth inning at Busch Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Jeff Curry-Imagn Images

But St. Louis (78-77) closed out the game from there.

Jordan Walker's two-run homer in the fourth gave the Cards the lead, 2-0. In the seventh, Iván Herrera's three-run homer pushed their lead to 6-1.

Cleveland's other run Saturday came on Bo Naylor's solo homer in the fifth.

Sep 21, 2024; St. Louis, Missouri, USA; Cleveland Guardians catcher Bo Naylor (23) hits a solo home run against the St. Louis Cardinals during the fifth inning at Busch Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Jeff Curry-Imagn Images

This article originally appeared on Akron Beacon Journal: Guardians rally, but lose at St Louis on night they clinch division

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
Bored Panda
'Harry Potter' star Warwick Davis sues hospital for 'negligence' following wife's tra…
The Today Show
Lizzo shares encouraging message with fans as she poses in bikini: 'Show up for yours…
Finance
Associated Press
Constellation buying Calpine in $26.6B deal that would join 2 huge US power companies
Yahoo Finance
Delta Q4 earnings beat, as CEO sees 'a great amount of momentum'
Food
The Today Show
Wendy's is selling cheeseburgers for 25 cents: How to snag the deal
Simply Recipes
For the best Hello Dolly bars, use a boxed brownie mix
Lighter Side
People
'Wheel of Fortune' contestant gets engaged on set after solving 'will you marry me?' …
The Today Show
Read the touching love letter Jimmy Carter wrote his wife 75 years before her death
News
CBS News
Maps show where fires are burning right now in LA
Reuters
Russia won't cancel Navalny's 'terrorist' status even though he's dead, widow says
Weather
USA TODAY
10 dead, 10K structures destroyed as LA fires turn neighborhoods into ash: Live updat…
CBS News
Maps show where fires are burning right now in L.A. area

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/guardians-score-saturday-cleveland-clinches-044600565.html 
 ----- 
