Skip to content
Subscribe Now
15°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Lake County
Geauga County
Cuyahoga County
Ohio News
National News
Opioid Epidemic
Election
Traffic
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Cleveland Browns
Cleveland Cavaliers
Cleveland Guardians
Ohio State
Lake County Captains
Monsters
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
Movies
Music and Concerts
Theater
Restaurants Food and Drink
Recipes
Travel
TV Listings
Comics
More Puzzles
Jumble and More
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Marketplace
Jobs
Classifieds
Tools
Contact Us
Advertise
Contests
Submit Announcements
Newsstand Locations
Mobile Apps
GasBuddy
Lottery
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCLEVELAND GUARDIANS
Guardians clinch division with Royals loss, then fall to Cardinals, 6-5
Guardians manager Stephen Vogt celebrates in the clubhouse following a baseball game against the Cardinals and winning the American League Central Saturday on Sept. 21. (Jeff Roberson — The Associated Press)
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
PUBLISHED: September 21, 2024 at 10:27 PM EST

By DAVID SOLOMON

ST. LOUIS — Iván Herrera and Jordan Walker hit home runs and the St. Louis Cardinals beat Cleveland 6-5 on Saturday night after the Guardians had already clinched the AL Central title earlier in the day.

José Ramírez and Bo Naylor homered for Cleveland, which clinched its 12th division title since 1995 when the San Francisco Giants beat the Kansas City Royals 9-0 earlier Saturday.

Miles Mikolas (9-11) allowed one run on four hits in six innings to earn his first win since July 21 when he beat the Braves in Atlanta. He was 0-3 with a 6.80 ERA in his previous nine starts.

Ryan Helsley pitched a scoreless ninth to earn his 46th save in 50 chances to tie Guardians reliever Emmanuel Clase for the major league lead.

Matthew Boyd (2-2) allowed two runs on four hits and three walks and struck out six before being pulled after throwing 88 pitches in four innings.

Andrés Giménez hit an RBI double off Matthew Liberatore after Ramírez hit his 37th home run of the season off JoJo Romero earlier in the eighth inning to cut the Cardinals’ lead to 6-5.

Herrera hit his fourth home run of the season off Nick Sandlin in the seventh after Masyn Winn scored on a rocket that bounced off Guardians first baseman Josh Naylor’s glove for an error to give St. Louis a 6-1 lead.

Bo Naylor hit his 13th homer of the season into the right field bullpen to cut Cleveland’s deficit to 2-1 in the fifth.

Walker hit his fifth home run of the season to left field in the fourth inning to put St. Louis ahead 2-0.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Cardinals: Placed RHP Sonny Gray (right flexor tendinitis) on the 15-day injured list and recalled RHP Kyle Leahy from Triple-A Memphis. Gray said he would have been able to keep pitching if the Cardinals had not been mathematically eliminated from postseason contention Friday night.

UP NEXT

Guardians RHP Gavin Williams (3-10, 5.12 ERA) will face Cardinals RHP Andre Pallante in St. Louis’ home finale on Sunday.

Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
A 65-yr-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All Around
Libiyi
Why Do Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear to My Mam?
Libiyi
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Shirem
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Don't Ever Get Caught on The Slopes Without These Skiing Gear Essentials
Fanyil
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom
Outfany
15 Places to Get Free Food and Products Just by Asking
The Penny Hoarder
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
North Charleston: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip Code)
OTTO Quotes
A Man Has Found a Way to Grow Hair! This is Not a Joke
BioGrow
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
The Fungus Will Disappear in 2 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Nuubu
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? You'll Never Guess The Real Reason!
Tardive
Psoriatic Arthritis: Silent but Dangerous - Know the Symptoms
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
North Charleston: New 2 Bed Senior Apartments From $150/month (Peek Inside)
Senior Living
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
Restore Your Eyes to 20/20 Vision (Naturally)
Health News | Vision
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Hairloss After 40 Linked to 1 Common Thing (Stop Doing This)
WG Hair Restore
MD: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
WellnessGaze Neuro
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Willoughby Police Department remains focused on keeping community secure
Willoughby Police Department remains focused on keeping community secure
Lake Catholic football quartet highlights OHSFCA academic All-Ohio list
Lake Catholic football quartet highlights OHSFCA academic All-Ohio list
Food distribution at Eastlake Senior Center remains prevalent
Food distribution at Eastlake Senior Center remains prevalent
News-Herald players of the week for Jan. 8
News-Herald players of the week for Jan. 8
Man gets 18 years for felonious assault
Man gets 18 years for felonious assault
Cavaliers ‘Let ’em know’ they are legit after quieting Thunder, 129-122 | Jeff Schudel
Cavaliers 'Let 'em know' they are legit after quieting Thunder, 129-122 | Jeff Schudel
Riverside School Board selects new president, communication process in split votes
Riverside School Board selects new president, communication process in split votes
Triplett being retried in killing of Mentor resident
Triplett being retried in killing of Mentor resident
West Geauga wrestling: Wolverines are intent on taking another big step this season
West Geauga wrestling: Wolverines are intent on taking another big step this season
Aaron Rodgers proved in Week 18 that he can still play at a high level if any NFL team wants him
Aaron Rodgers proved in Week 18 that he can still play at a high level if any NFL team wants him
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN SPORTS
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Notre Dame gets late interception, field goal to beat Penn State, 27-24, and advance to CFP championship game
John Carroll men’s basketball wins fifth straight
High school sports scoreboard for Jan. 9
Orange vs. Perry boys basketball: Lions’ third-quarter run ends Pirates’ chances in 61-50 defeat
2024
September
21
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit Announcements
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
iOS App
Android App
News-Herald
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
CLASSIFIEDS
Place Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
Jobs
Network Advertising
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.news-herald.com/2024/09/21/guardians-clinch-division-with-royals-loss-then-fall-to-cardinals-6-5/ 
 ----- 
