WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 01, 2025
ENGLISH
हिन्दी
SIGN IN
VIDEOS
INDIA
WORLD
YEARENDER
ENTERTAINMENT
SPORTS
TECH
EXPLAINER
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS
HEALTH
Advertisement
YOU ARE AT:
News
Sports
Cricket
T20 World Cup 2022: All you need to know about Melbourne Cricket Ground
T20 World Cup 2022: All you need to know about Melbourne Cricket Ground
T20 World Cup 2022: Rohit Sharma-led team India will face Babar Azam's Pakistan on October 23, 2022 at the mighty Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG). The historic Australian ground is all set to host the biggest clash of the year
Written By: Jishu Bhattacharya 
@bh0592
New Delhi
Published : Oct 19, 2022 20:58 IST, Updated : Nov 13, 2022 10:42 IST
Follow us on 
Image Source : INDIA TV
Details about the Melbourne Cricket Ground

T20 World Cup 2022: The stage is set for the biggest clash of the year. It is time to paint the sky blue and green. It is time for India and Pakistan to clash and set the tone for the ongoing T20 World Cup. Australia will clash with New Zealand in the World Cup opener, but it is the Indo-Pak clash that will witness tempers flaring and emotions running high. Rohit Sharma's team India will take on Babar Azam's Pakistan on October 23, 2022, at the mighty Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG). 

The magnitude of the match is certainly something that does justice to the MCG aka 'the G'. Founded in 1838 and opened in 1854, the Melbourne Cricket Ground is the second-largest cricket stadium in the world and is just behind Gujarat's Narendra Modi Stadium. Cricket, Rugby, and Australian Rules Football are the major sporting events held regularly at the MCG. The cricket stadium also played host to other sporting mega events such as the 1956 Summer Olympics, the 2006 Commonwealth Games, and a few of the FIFA World Cup qualifier games.

ALSO READ | Rohit Sharma shares insights on leading India for first time in ICC event

As far as the gentleman's game is concerned, the MCG plays a huge role in its history. The legendary cricket ground gave birth to the Test format on March 15, 1877, when Australia and England took on each other in a timeless match. Since then, the historic ground has been host to over 100 Test matches, including the famous Boxing Day Test match, which is held every year on December 26. Such is the coincidence of history that MCG also happens to be the ground that gave birth to the One Day International (ODI) format.

ALSO READ | Visiting Melbourne for T20 World Cup? Shrine of Remembrance to Eureka Tower, know what to explore

The Stands:

The gigantic 171m x 146m field at the MCG is as of now surrounded by our stands - Great Southern Stand, MCC Members' Reserve, Olympic Stand, and Ponsford Stand - named in honour of Victorian batsman Bill Ponsford. Since then, the MCG has seen numerous changes to take its current shape. Known as one of the worst-behaved sections in the cricketing fraternity, the infamous Bay 13 is a part of the Southern stand.

ALSO READ | Australia's THIS player faces injury scare ahead of Super 12 opener, who will replace him?

The Scoreboard:

The first scoreboard that was built at the MCG was way back in 1882. Over the years it has been given as many enhancements as possible and today it is the best and the largest scoreboard available in Australia. The MCG Scoreboard is a state-of-the-art LED-high-definition screen that is  25.24 metres wide and 13.17 meters high. The advancements are such that it enables the viewers to see both, batting and bowling cards on one screen. MCG also happens to be the ground where Australia's first full-colour video scoreboard was put in place.  In addition to everything, the world's first all-colour cricket scoreboard with instant replays was installed at the MCG.

ALSO READ | Kapil Dev analyzes Rohit Sharma's team India, makes shocking claims

The Pitch:

Considered one of the most competitive surfaces around the world, the turf of MCG has been witness to the rise and fall of many legendary cricket players. The surface is a perfect blend that offers assistance to both batsmen and bowlers. The bowlers certainly get some assistance early on, but as soon as it starts getting old, the batsmen can play their strokes freely. There is nothing much for the spinners, but they can create trouble for the batsmen if they bowl at good lengths.

When India clashes against Pakistan on October 23, 2022, fans from both nations will thump the air in delight and watch their favourite stars in action as they have a crack at each other to start their World Cup campaign on a victorious note.

Advertisement
Read all the Breaking News Live on indiatvnews.com and Get Latest English News & Updates from Sports and Cricket Section
T20 WORLDCUP
T20 WORLD CUP 2022
MELBOURNE CRICKET GROUND
Follow IndiaTV on WhatsApp
Advertisement

TOP NEWS

Arvind Kejriwal writes to RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, poses questions related to BJP

Who is Sivasri Skandaprasad, with whom BJP MP Tejasvi Surya is tying the knot? Know here

Jasprit Bumrah needs six wickets at SCG to break biggest bowling record for India in Test cricket

Advertisement
Advertisement

LATEST NEWS

BREAKING: Russia's Gazprom halts natural gas supply to Europe via Ukraine amid freezing temperatures

Who is Sivasri Skandaprasad, with whom BJP MP Tejasvi Surya is tying the knot? Know here

Kickstart New Year with smart investments: Check schemes offering fixed returns with govt guarantee

Happy New Year 2025: Here's how different countries across the world welcomed 2025

Advertisement
India TV :
Contact UsAbout UsAdvertiseComplaint RedressalIn the PressInvestors Column
Popular Categories :
Live TVWorldPhotosVideosIndiaSportsBollywoodBusiness

© 2009-2025 Independent News Service. All rights reserved.  

Site Map|Legal disclaimer|Privacy Policy|CSR Policy|RIO|Complaint Redressal | Rss
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatvnews.com/sports/cricket/t20-world-cup-2022-all-you-need-to-know-about-melbourne-cricket-ground-ind-vs-pak-india-vs-pakistan-2022-10-19-817488 
 ----- 
