Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
NEW YORK METS HOST FAN APPRECIATION WEEKEND
Share
NEW YORK METS HOST FAN APPRECIATION WEEKEND
The Mets will celebrate their Amazin’ fans with Fan Appreciation Weekend in the final three regular season games against the Philadelphia Phillies on September 29 – October 1
September 21st, 2023
Share

FLUSHING, N.Y., September 21, 2023 – The New York Mets will celebrate their Amazin’ fans with Fan Appreciation Weekend in the final three regular season games against the Philadelphia Phillies. The weekend will feature promotional giveaways, concession and merchandise discounts, alumni appearances, and unique surprise-and-delight giveaways.

On Friday, September 29, there will be a Mets Crossbody Bag giveaway presented by Citi to the first 15,000 fans, and on Saturday, September 30, the Mets will have a Mets tie-dye headband giveaway presented by Northwell Health to all fans in attendance.

Throughout the weekend, fans will receive concession discounts presented by Coke Zero Sugar from gates opening until scheduled first pitch, which includes $4 Nathan’s hot dog (gluten free and veggie options available), $3 regular soft pretzel, $3 popcorn box, $3 21oz. fountain soda, and $3 Dasani bottled water. Additionally, all fans will save 35% on regularly priced merchandise from the Team Store and save 25% from the Amazin’ Memorabilia Store, excluding Grab Bag purchases and Day of Game items. Merchandise discounts are only available in stores and cannot be combined with any other offers. Additionally, there will be surprise-and-delight giveaways including an honorary first pitch, seat upgrades, gift cards and autographed alumni photos.

Fans are encouraged to take mass transit and get to the ballpark early to take advantage of the festivities. For more information and a complete list of giveaways, visit Mets.com/FanAppreciation.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Mets
OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/press-release/press-release-new-york-mets-host-fan-appreciation-weekend 
 ----- 
