Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Blanco throws 6 shutout innings, Heyward goes deep as Astros beat Angels 6-4 to finish sweep
1 of 7 |  

Houston Astros starting pitcher Ronel Blanco throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels in Anaheim, Calif., Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

2 of 7 |  

Houston Astros’ Jason Heyward celebrates after hitting a home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels in Anaheim, Calif., Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

3 of 7 |  

Houston Astros’ Jason Heyward hits a home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels in Anaheim, Calif., Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

4 of 7 |  

Houston Astros’ Kyle Tucker celebrates after scoring off of a single from Jeremy Peña during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels in Anaheim, Calif., Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

5 of 7 |  

Houston Astros’ Jason Heyward (22) steals second base ahead of a throw to Los Angeles Angels second baseman Jack López during the sixth inning of a baseball game in Anaheim, Calif., Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

6 of 7 |  

Los Angeles Angels’ Zach Neto (9) singles during the first inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros in Anaheim, Calif., Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

7 of 7 |  

Los Angeles Angels starting pitcher Caden Dana throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros in Anaheim, Calif., Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024. (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

BY  DOUG PADILLA
Updated 12:10 AM UTC, September 16, 2024
Share

ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) — Ronel Blanco threw six scoreless innings, Jason Heyward had a home run among his three hits and the Houston Astros finished off a three-game sweep of the Los Angeles Angels with a 6-4 victory on Sunday.

Jeremy Peña had two hits and two runs scored as the Astros won their fourth consecutive game and remained 4 1/2 games ahead of the Seattle Mariners in the American League West.

Blanco (11-6) allowed two walks and had five strikeouts in his return to the starting rotation after pitching two innings of scoreless relief Sept. 7 against Arizona. Blanco was used out of the bullpen for a game to manage his usage in his first full season in the majors.

“The thing that helped me a ton was being able to have that rest before this outing,” Blanco said through an interpreter.

Josh Hader recorded the final two outs for his 31st save in 33 opportunities.

Despite just 52 appearances and 34 starts since 2022, Blanco is expected to play a key role into October.

“Looking at the second half, I was looking at the things I was doing wrong and the things I could make better,” Blanco said. “The fastball was one (area of improvement). I thought I was missing up way too much with the fastball. I told myself to attack the strike zone more.”

RELATED STORIES
Left-hander Yusei Kikuchi and the LA Angels finalize a $63 million, 3-year contract
Phillies gamble on 1-year contract for 2-time All-Star closer Jordan Romano
Cubs trade for Astros All-Star outfielder Kyle Tucker

Taylor Ward hit a home run and rookie Eric Wagaman had two hits for the Angels, who lost their fifth consecutive game and fell for the seventh time in their last eight. The Angels dropped to 60-89, matching their loss total from the 2022 and 2023 seasons.

Angels rookie right-hander Caden Dana (1-2) went 3 1/3 innings in his third career start, giving up five runs on five hits with two walks and three strikeouts.

“The only ball they got in the air, of all the hits they got, was the one Heyward hit,” Angels manager Ron Washington said of Dana’s outing. “You want the ball down on the ground and today they found the holes. He was a little flat with his fastball but he had a good changeup working.”

In his fourth game in the starting lineup since debuting with the Astros on Sept. 1, Heyward hit a home run, his eighth, in his first at bat to give Houston a 1-0 lead in the third.

“If (Heyward) gets a pitch in an area he likes it, he’s not going to miss,” Astros manager Joe Espada said. “He hits the ball hard and he plays hard too. That’s something that I have always admired from Jason.”

Heyward, who was released by the Los Angeles Dodgers on Aug. 24, reached base a fourth time after getting aboard on catcher’s interference in the eighth inning.

“It’s nice to have a job with a team competing to win and wanting to win a World Series,” Heyward said. “That really does make a difference because that is hard. It’s hard to be the last team standing. So it’s just nice to step into another clubhouse with that mentality, that mindset and experience.”

Heyward had an RBI single in a four-run fourth that also included RBI singles from Peña and Mauricio Dubon. Peña scored a run in the inning on a passed ball by Angels catcher Logan O’Hoppe.

Jake Meyers gave the Astros a 6-0 lead in the eighth on an RBI single to right. Ward ended the Astros’ shutout bid with his home run in the eighth off Kaleb Ort, his 24th.

The Angels scored three times in the ninth with all three runs charged to left-hander Caleb Ferguson. Gustavo Campero had a run-scoring ground out in his major league debut and Charles Leblanc had a two-run single.

Astros pitching coach Joshua Miller was ejected by third base umpire Dan Iassogna for arguing a hit-by-pitch call in the bottom of the ninth.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Astros: OF Ben Gamel was not in the lineup after sustaining a knee contusion in Saturday’s game. ... OF Kyle Tucker made his second start in right field since returning Sept. 6 from a right shin fracture. ... 1B Jon Singleton was a late scratch with an illness and was replaced by Victor Caratini.

Angels: OF Mickey Moniak was hit by a pitch on his left hand in the ninth and left the game. ... An MRI on the right shoulder of RHP Ben Joyce revealed only inflammation but the team still will shut down the reliever, whose last pitch of the season on Sept. 3 was a 105.5-mph fastball. ... RHP Carson Fulmer (right elbow inflammation) was reinstated from the injured list, while both OF Bryce Teodosio (right middle finger fracture) and LHP Sam Aldegheri (left middle finger blister) were placed on the IL.

UP NEXT

Astros: RHP Spencer Arrighetti (7-12, 4.72 ERA) is scheduled to pitch in the opener of a three-game road series against the San Diego Padres.

Angels: LHP Reid Detmers (4-6, 5.64 ERA) is scheduled to pitch in the opener of a three-game road series against the Chicago White Sox.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
What’s my car worth? Take a look here (you might be surpri...
Cars Value
:
Advertisement
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of patient left in scalding hot bath tub
Charges against men accused of shooting at Black FedEx driver dismissed
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2 girls
Authorities in Wisconsin say they have captured a man who is charged in the...
AP News
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after...
Authorities say the man who traveled armed to a pizzeria in the nation's capital...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instan tly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing fiduciary...
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nightti me Driving As Dayti...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
ACLU sues Florida Gov. DeSantis for not calling special elections...
The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit accusing Florida Gov. Ron...
AP News
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
3 Simple Steps to Use Cinnamon for Lower Blood Sugar
Longevity Portal
Advertisement:
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
JetBlue passenger suddenly opens exit door as flight is taxii...
Massachusetts authorities say a person on board a plane at Boston Logan Internatio...
AP News
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Levels in US
Sugar Reverse:Advertisement
Learn More
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/astros-angels-score-2eb56fc75e5b249732a76a78cf5e7c96 
 ----- 
