SPORTS ALERT: Commanders top Buccaneers for NFC Wild Card win

Close alert.
Click to toggle navigation menu.
NEWS
TRAFFIC
WEATHER
 Live Radio
Listen Live
 Login
Home » Washington Nationals » Nick Gonzales drives in…
This article is about 4 months old
Nick Gonzales drives in 3 runs as the Pirates beat the Nationals 9-4, a night after being no-hit

The Associated Press

September 5, 2024, 10:13 PM

Share This:
share on facebook
share on X
share on threads
share on linkedin
share on email
print
Previous
Nationals Pirates Baseball Pittsburgh Pirates' Isiah Kiner-Falefa singles off Washington Nationals starting pitcher Jake Irvin, driving in a run, during the second inning of a baseball game in Pittsburgh, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)
AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar
Nationals Pirates Baseball Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Bailey Falter delivers during the second inning of a baseball game against the Washington Nationals in Pittsburgh, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)
AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar
Nationals Pirates Baseball Washington Nationals starting pitcher Jake Irvin delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates in Pittsburgh, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)
AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar
Nationals Pirates Baseball Washington Nationals' Juan Yepez hits a double off Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Bailey Falter, driving in a run, during the first inning of a baseball game in Pittsburgh, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)
AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar
Nationals Pirates Baseball Pittsburgh Pirates' Jared Triolo, left, scores on a wild pitch by Washington Nationals relief pitcher Joe La Sorsa, right, during the sixth inning of a baseball game in Pittsburgh, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)
AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar
Next
(1/5)
Previous
Next

PITTSBURGH (AP) — Nick Gonzales highlighted a five-run second inning with a two-run single and finished with three RBIs as the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Washington Nationals 9-4 on Thursday, one night after being no-hit.

Oneil Cruz had a sharply hit a two-out double to right in the opening inning for the Pirates’ first hit after managing just three baserunners — two walks and an error — against Chicago a night earlier when the Cubs’ Shota Imanaga, Nate Pearson and Porter Hodge combined on a no-hitter.

Gonzales softly grounded to third, ending that threat and the Pirates trailing 3-0. But Gonzales bounced back and brought in two runs with a single to right in the second inning after Jared Triolo, Isiah Kiner-Falefa and Bryan Reynolds had run-scoring hits.

“Have to do whatever it takes to get back out there. No-hit yesterday doesn’t really mean anything today,” Gonzales said. “I think we just had a good plan from the get-go, a good idea of what we wanted to do against the pitcher and kind of just stuck with it.”

Yasmani Grandal extended Pittsburgh’s lead to 6-3 in the third with a single to right off Jake Irvin (9-12), who gave up six runs, seven hits and three walks in five innings.

Triolo scored on a passed ball in the sixth. Eduardo Salazar replaced Joe La Sosa and walked Gonzales and Rowdy Tellez with the bases loaded.

Pittsburgh had eight hits and a season-high nine walks.

“This is a team that doesn’t walk a lot of people,” Pirates manager Derek Shelton said. “I think they throw the third-most amount of strikes in baseball and we had, what, eight or nine walks? Had really good at-bats, had consecutive walks. Then got some big two-out hits. Nick’s big two-out hit there.”

Pittsburgh starter Bailey Falter (7-7) worked five innings, allowing seven hits and three runs, all coming in the first four at-bats of the game.

Aroldis Chapman got the final two outs, striking out one, with the bases loaded for his sixth save of the season after Joey Wentz allowed a single to Nasim Nuñez and two walks before hitting Andrés Chaparro to bring in a run in the ninth.

“It was about timely hitting. We left a lot of guys on base,” Nationals manager Dave Martinez said. “We finish the game off with the bases loaded. We have to do a better job. We scored early. Next inning, we came out and had a couple runners on. We had a chance to put them away right there and we didn’t do it.”

Juan Yepez put Washington ahead with an RBI double to right. Chaparro then sent Falter’s hanging curveball 419 feet into the left-field bleachers for a two-run homer, the third of his rookie season.

“First inning was pretty rough,” Falter said. “Just had to battle, try to be as consistent as possible and try to get outs with what I had. For the second, third, fourth and fifth innings, thought we did pretty well.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Nationals: RHP Trevor Williams, on the injured list since June 4 with a right flexor muscle strain, threw 59 pitches before the game Thursday. He will be evaluated Friday and, if signs are positive, could be sent on a rehab assignment, Martinez said.

Pirates: Wentz was activated after being claimed off waivers from Detroit on Tuesday. RHP Domingo Germán was designated for assignment to make room on the 28-man active roster.

UP NEXT

RHP Luis Ortiz (6-4, 3.19 ERA) will take the mound for the Pirates on Friday, continuing the four-game series opposite Nationals rookie LHP DJ Herz (2-7, 4.09).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Copyright © 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.

Related News
Nationals and Jorge López agree to $3 million, 1-year deal
Nationals and infielder Amed Rosario agree to $2 million, 1-year contract
Josh Bell and Washington Nationals finalize $6 million, 1-year contract
Recommended
Jayden Daniels leads Commanders to first playoff win in nearly 7,000 days, 23-20 over the Buccaneers
WSSC Water urges residents in Prince George’s, Montgomery counties to ‘conserve water’
Schools around the DC region announce 2-hour delays
Related Categories:
	MLB News | Sports | Washington Nationals | Washington, DC Sports
Around the Web
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling Out on Amazon - Find Out Why
The Skincare Magazine
South Carolina Gov May Cover the Cost to Install Solar if You Live in North Charleston
EnergyBillCruncher
The Most Miserable City in America is in South Carolina
HealthSymptoms
Gilligan's Island' Star Is Almost 103 And He's Still Around
KICKASS NEWS
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
Moerie
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
IRS 'prepared' for 2025 filing season, but potential spending cuts loom for the agency
For 2025, the return of IT efficiency and effectiveness
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Federal retirements, OPM's backlog dropped in 2024
 

5425 Wisconsin Ave
Chevy Chase, MD 20815

 

hello@wtop.com

 

202.895.5000

Copyright © 2025 by WTOP. All rights reserved. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

About Us
News Philosophy
News Team
Careers
Advertise
Contests
Contacts
News Tips
Charities
Events
Press
Podcasts
Federal News Network
Sign up for or manage your WTOP email subscriptions
Email
Go
facebook
instagram
x
tiktok
youtube
threads
Feedback Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Hubbard Radio DMCA Notice EEO FCC Public Inspection Files FCC Applications Do Not Sell My Info – CA Resident Only
Cookie Consent
Through our own and third-party cookies, we collect and share with third parties electronic network activity personal identifiers (including IP addresses and device identifiers) to allow the website to function, store your preferences, analyze your usage of the website, and to measure ad performance and target ads to you. To opt out, please click ‘Do Not Sell.’ If we have detected an opt-out preference signal then it will be honored. For additional information, please see ourPrivacy Policy
Customize Accept Cookies
✕
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wtop.com/washington-nationals/2024/09/nick-gonzales-drives-in-3-runs-as-the-pirates-beat-the-nationals-9-4-a-night-after-being-no-hit/ 
 ----- 
