HOME
LOCAL
SPORTS
NEWS
OPINION
A&E
LIFESTYLES
VIDEO
OBITUARIES
Western Pennsylvania's trusted news source
Monday, January 13, 2025
LOG IN
REGISTER
MYACCOUNT
SUBSCRIBE
NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISE
CLASSIFIEDS
JOBS
E-TRIB
HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS NETWORK
TRIBLIVE LOCAL
ABOUT US
GET THE TRIB
SECTIONS
TERMS OF USE
PIRATES/MLB
Nick Gonzales set tone for the Pirates, who had more walks than hits against Nationals
KEVIN GORMAN  | Friday, Sept. 6, 2024 6:01 a.m.
Go Ad-Free Today!
CHRISTOPHER HORNER | TRIBLIVE
Pirates second baseman Nick Gonzales drives in two runs with a single during the third inning against the Nationals on Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, at PNC Park.
 

Nick Gonzales hadn’t drawn a walk in 72 at-bats over a 16-game span, so it was worth noting when the Pittsburgh Pirates second baseman watched four consecutive pitches without taking a swing.

After hitting a two-out single to drive in two runs and give the Pirates the lead in the second inning, Gonzales came to the plate with two outs, the bases loaded and a new pitcher on the mound in the sixth inning of a 9-4 win over the Washington Nationals on Thursday night at PNC Park.

Instead of getting greedy, Gonzales drew his first walk since July 14.

“I think when you get guys on base like that, have more walks than strikeouts, you put your offense in a good position to keep the bat rolling and get runs across,” said Gonzales, who finished with a team-high three RBIs.

Gonzales set the tone for the Pirates, who drew a season-high nine walks (one intentional) to finish with more bases on balls than hits (eight) against the Nationals. It was a resounding rebound from the Pirates’ 12-0 loss to the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday night at Wrigley Field, when Cubs starter Shota Imanaga (seven innings) and relievers Nate Pearson and Porter Hodge (one each) combined for a no-hitter.

Pirates manager Derek Shelton was impressed with his team’s offensive approach and said he believes their patience at the plate put a “ton of pressure” on the Nationals, “especially when guys come in and they can’t command the zone, then you can really shrink the zone down and we didn’t chase.”

Four of the Pirates players who walked scored runs. And they added two more with the bases loaded against Nationals rookie reliever Eduardo Salazar, who followed the four-pitch walk of Gonzales by walking first baseman Rowdy Tellez on five pitches to score another run.

“I think when you draw walks, you put yourself in good situations to be in hitter’s counts,” Tellez said. “No pitcher wants to throw one down the middle, so they start pressing a little bit. You shrink the zone and you’ve got a lot of guys on base, it adds pressure. We got a lot of action on the basepaths, and I think that was a big big thing.”

It was the 12th walk in 308 plate appearances this season for Gonzales, who owns a .039 walk percentage and has a reputation for swinging away.

“He’s got plate discipline. He’s just got really good bat-to-ball skills, too,” Tellez said. “Guys like that just don’t get a lot of walks. But he had a great game. He set the tempo with a big hit in the (second) inning, where we batted around. He put up that two-RBI knock and gave us some leeway to put up more runs.”

Gonzales came to bat in the sixth after Bryan De La Cruz singled, Bryan Reynolds was intentionally walked and Oneil Cruz was hit by a pitch by Joe LaSorsa.

Salazar sandwiched a pair of sinkers low and away around two four-seam fastballs above the strike zone.

Gonzales didn’t bite on any of the pitches, instead showing a willingness to take a walk.

“That’s being a good teammate, too,” Tellez said. “Knowing what you’re capable of and trusting everything that you’re going to do.”

Kevin Gorman is a TribLive reporter covering the Pirates. A Baldwin native and Penn State graduate, he joined the Trib in 1999 and has covered high school sports, Pitt football and basketball and was a sports columnist for 10 years. He can be reached at kgorman@triblive.com.

Remove the ads from your TribLIVE reading experience but still support the journalists who create the content with TribLIVE Ad-Free.

GET AD-FREE >

Sign Up for Notifications

Stay up-to-date on important news from TribLIVE

Categories: Pirates/MLB | Sports

EMAIL NEWSLETTERS 

TribLIVE's Daily and Weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox.

MORE PIRATES/MLB STORIES
Management Q&A, autograph sessions planned for PiratesFest 2025
Pirates avoid arbitration with 4 players ahead of 2025 season but can't come to terms with 2
Pirates sign pitcher Caleb Ferguson
Former Pirates All-Star pitcher Bob Veale, part of 1971 World Series champions, dies at 89
Pirates add righty reliever Elvis Alvarado to 40-man roster for bullpen depth
Sports and Partner News
Eagles' A.J. Brown reads inspirational book on sideline
Jan 12, 2025
Coco Gauff starts her Australian Open with a straight-sets win over Sofia Kenin
Jan 12, 2025
Minor league report: Penguins stymied by Senators
Jan 12, 2025
PARTNER NEWS
Inspiring Future Ocean Guardians Through Education
Jan 2, 2025
Nick Taylor wins another playoff with clutch play on the 18th in the Sony Open
Jan 12, 2025
Starting Penn State defender Dvon J-Thomas officially enters NFL Draft
Jan 12, 2025
PARTNER NEWS
Transforming Your Bathroom: Top Trends for 2025
Jan 9, 2025
Hurts tosses 2 TD passes and Goedert throws 3 stiff-arms to lead Eagles past Packers 22-10
Jan 12, 2025
News Spotlight
Starting Penn State defender Dvon J-Thomas officially enters NFL Draft
TribLive
Minor league report: Penguins stymied by Senators
TribLive
Sports and Partner News
Eagles' A.J. Brown reads inspirational book on sideline
Jan 12, 2025
Coco Gauff starts her Australian Open with a straight-sets win over Sofia Kenin
Jan 12, 2025
Minor league report: Penguins stymied by Senators
Jan 12, 2025
PARTNER NEWS
Inspiring Future Ocean Guardians Through Education
Jan 2, 2025
Nick Taylor wins another playoff with clutch play on the 18th in the Sony Open
Jan 12, 2025
Starting Penn State defender Dvon J-Thomas officially enters NFL Draft
Jan 12, 2025
PARTNER NEWS
Transforming Your Bathroom: Top Trends for 2025
Jan 9, 2025
Hurts tosses 2 TD passes and Goedert throws 3 stiff-arms to lead Eagles past Packers 22-10
Jan 12, 2025
What aspect of Sidney Crosby's career do you think has had the most impact on his legacy?
Poll ends in 2 days • Vote below
His faceoff record
Stanley Cup victories
Leadership qualities
Community involvement
838 votes
•
0 comments
";


    

1-800-909-8742

Fax (724) 779-8743

210 Wood Street
Tarentum, PA 15084

© 2025 Trib Total Media | All Rights Reserved

About Us

About Us

Advertise

Career Opportunities

Contact Advertising

Contact Newsroom

Contact Us

Feedback

Request Correction

Resource Center

Scholarship Opportunities

Send Letter to the Editor

Send News Tip

Subscribe

Subscriber Services

Get the Trib

Blog

eFeatures

Email Newsletters

eTrib

Facebook

Home Delivery

Instagram

LinkedIn

Marketing Minute

Store Locations

TribLIVE App - App Store

TribLIVE App - Google Play

X (formerly Twitter)

Sections

Arts & Entertainment

Best of the Best

Business Directory

Circulars

Contests

Coronavirus

Lifestyles

Local

News

Obituaries

Opinion

Our Publications

Real Estate

Sports

Video

Weather

Terms of Use

Cookie Settings

Privacy Policy

Terms of Service


Top

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://triblive.com/sports/nick-gonzales-set-tone-for-the-pirates-who-had-more-walks-than-hits-against-nationals/ 
 ----- 
