MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Domingo Germán, who pitched perfect game last year, designated for assignment by Pirates
Published Sep. 5, 2024 8:09 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

PITTSBURGH (AP) — Domingo Germán was designated for assignment by the Pittsburgh Pirates on Thursday in a move that could end the pitcher's stint with the club.

Germán, who pitched a perfect game last year, was cut one day after allowing seven runs — six earned — and seven hits over three innings as the Pirates were no-hit by the Chicago Cubs. The 32-year-old right-hander was 0-1 with a 7.84 ERA in seven games for Pittsburgh this season, allowing 17 runs over 8 2/3 innings in his last three appearances.

He is 31-29 with an ERA of 4.54 in seven major league seasons.

Germán, who spent his first six major league seasons with the Yankees, was suspended for 81 games on Jan. 2, 2020, for violating the joint domestic violence, sexual assault and child abuse policy of Major League Baseball and the players' association.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

On May 16, 2023, Germán was ejected from a game against the Toronto Blue Jays for using an banned sticky substance and suspended for 10 games.

Germán went on to pitch the 24th perfect game in major league history on June 28 at Oakland. He was placed on the restricted list on Aug. 2 after agreeing to voluntarily submit to inpatient treatment for alcohol abuse.

Germán elected free agency after the season and agreed to a minor league contract with the Pirates in mid-March. He made his Pirates debut on Aug. 9.

Left-hander Joey Wentz took his roster spot after he was claimed off waivers from Detroit.

“Obviously, really excited to be here,” Wentz said. “The last couple days were kind of just wait and see what was going to happen. When I got the call that the Pirates claimed me, just super excited. I’ve played against them three or four times. Just really excited to be a part of the group now.”

Grab Workout Ready Drinkwa...
Crush your goals, not your gear.
YETI|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Learn More: Overactive Bladder
GoodRx|Sponsored
NFL AFC, NFC Championship odds: Chiefs, Lions favored; Eagles chasing
Wild Card Weekend is nearly complete. Check out the latest odds for which teams are favored to represent each conference in the Super Bowl.
Bill McCartney, who coached Colorado football to only national title, dies at 84
Bill McCartney, a three-time coach of the year in the Big Eight Conference who led Colorado to its only football national championship in 1990, has died. He w...

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Blue Jays sign Jeff Hoffman
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Pittsburgh Pirates
Major League Baseball
Joey Wentz
Domingo Germán
Chicago Cubs
Pittsburgh Pirates
MLB - Washington Nationals vs. Pittsburgh Pirates - 09/05/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/domingo-german-who-pitched-perfect-game-last-year-designated-for-assignment-by-pirates 
 ----- 
