Monday, January 13, 2025, 8:54AM |   36°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
2
MORE
Paul Zeise: The case for one more year of this Pirates mess is simple, but far more complex than it seems
 
 
PAUL ZEISE
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
pzeise@post-gazette.com
 SEP 5, 2024 6:01 PM
39

The Pirates have collapsed, and they’ve now turned what was once a promising, enjoyable season into just another season of misery as they play out the string of a bunch of meaningless games in September.

Luckily for the Pirates, football season has arrived, so very few people will still be engaged enough with them to get angry when they, say, lose 12-0, get no-hit and finish the game with a first-baseman pitching.

Heck, nobody would even be talking about Wednesday’s debacle had it not been for Derek Shelton’s tense postgame exchange with a reporter.

This disaster of a season has prompted media members, fans and observers alike to ask the question, “What is the case for bringing Ben Cherington and Derek Shelton back for one more season?”

 
Noah Hiles
Pirates' Paul Skenes talks relationship with former LSU teammate, fellow rookie standout Dylan Crews

That includes me, who last week wrote that it is hard to make the case that the Pirates are better off now than they were five years ago when Cherington arrived.

The case against is clear and simple—five years later, this regime has produced a .412 winning percentage (282-403), their farm system is ranked in the 20s regardless of what minor league system rankings you look at, there are very few examples of young hitters who have developed properly, and they have finished fourth or last every season.

The Pirates also need to finish 12-11 in their final 23 games just to improve on last year’s record by one game, and I am not sure that really constitutes progress. And that doesn’t even get into the waste that the Latin America academy and scouting in that area have been, as well as the number of trades Cherington has made that have produced nothing.

That being said, I always try to be a critical thinker, and therefore, I have tried to make a case in my head several times this week when the question has been asked, so here goes nothing ...

The best case to bring Cherington and Shelton back revolves around the simple belief that the Pirates have made progress and are closer to the finish line of being a legitimate playoff contender than they are to the need to strip it all down and begin another 5-year plan. And there is some, emphasis on some, merit to that line of thinking for several reasons.

Paul Skenes is where this discussion probably begins and ends because the Pirates have in him one of the five best starting pitchers in Major League Baseball to build a staff around. That is also the strongest and maybe the only case in which the Pirates are better off now than when Cherington arrived — they have a staff ace who is a legitimate elite pitcher.

Beyond Skenes, the Pirates will have Jared Jones, Bailey Falter, Mitch Keller, Johan Oviedo, Bubba Chandler and Luis Ortiz. At least on paper, the Pirates should have a good starting rotation. Now, again, I say on paper because I think all of those guys have a lot to prove but have shown they can be effective Major League pitchers at times.

 
Andrew Destin
Pirates bounce back from being no-hit with offensive outburst, topple Nationals

In other words, there is a legitimate argument to be made that the Pirates' starting rotation is already intact for next season, and that is more than half the battle. And there are a number of relievers like Colin Holderman, Kyle Nicolas and Carmen Mlodzinski on which to build a bullpen. Clearly, they need to figure out what they have in David Bednar, but there is the foundation of a bullpen here.

You add to that the fact that left field (Brian Reynolds), centerfield (ONeil Cruz), second base (Nick Gonzales), catcher (Joey Bart) and third base (Ke’Bryan Hayes) are set. Bryan De La Cruz and Isiah Kiner-Falefa give the Pirates at least a few options to fill right field and shortstop.

I am not saying these are all stars at every position or this lineup doesn’t need some help, but the fact is there is a very definitive framework for an everyday lineup, and so there are some things to build on. I don’t know. I love Hayes at third, but he is at least an elite defender, and there is a lot of value in that, and Gonzales has a lot of work to do to prove he is legitimately the second baseman of the future.

Here is where the whole argument falls apart, though: there is very little depth for the everyday lineup, the bullpen is thin and may have a closer problem, and Cruz may or may not actually fit as an outfielder. The Pirates also have a gaping hole at first base, might have a gaping hole in the outfield, and if Kiner-Falefa can’t handle shortstop every day, well, there is a gaping hole at shortstop.

Regardless of what you think about some of those aforementioned players, there are the makings of a playoff team if — a huge if — Cherington and company can make the right moves this offseason. At the very least, he needs to add a few bullpen options, a first baseman, and two or three better options to bolster the bench.

I know it is a lot to add in one offseason, and Cherington has very little margin for error, but that path to the playoffs is still much quicker than tearing it all down with a new general manager who will want to implement his own five-year plan. 

That is at least the case that Bob Nutting can make should he choose to stay the course for one more season. But in order to buy that, you have to trust Nutting will give Cherington the resources necessary to add the players the Pirates need to take the next step. You also have to believe that Cherington is capable of making the right moves and that he hasn’t built a minor league system that is a total house of cards (a very good case can be made that he has). 

Ultimately, Nutting’s opinion on this is the only one that matters.

While I think that he should move on from Cherington, I am at least willing to entertain the idea that there is a legitimate — on some level — case to be made that starting over is a worse option than continuing with the status quo for at least one more year.

First Published: September 5, 2024, 6:01 p.m.

Paul Zeise is a sports columnist for the Post-Gazette.
  pzeise@post-gazette.com
  @PaulZeise
 RELATED
 
Andrew Destin
Pirates add left-hander Joey Wentz to roster, designate Domingo German for assignment
 
Noah Hiles
Change of scenery allowed Pirates' Dennis Santana to pitch better than ever before
 
Paul Zeise
Paul Zeise's mailbag: Who is the next Steelers player to get a contract extension?
 
Paul Zeise
Paul Zeise: Are the Pirates better off now than when Ben Cherington took over 5 years ago? I'm not so sure
 
Paul Zeise
Paul Zeise: Instability on Steelers' offensive line could sack the early part of the season
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
A&E
Melessie Clark named Post-Gazette Performer of the Year
LOCAL
'We're not going anywhere': How the Latino community pulled Beechview back from the brink of crisis
NEWS
Obituary: Richard J. Garber | Co-creator of iconic poison prevention logo Mr. Yuk
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers don't plan to move on from Mike Tomlin despite another one-and-done postseason
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 8:59pm  Gerry Dulac
2
SPORTS
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:36am  Joe Starkey
3
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 10:00am  Jason Mackey
4
BUSINESS
U.S. Steel-Nippon deal given six-month reprieve
 Mon, Jan 13, 2025, 2:14am  Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
5
SPORTS
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:19am  Ray Fittipaldo
AP
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers don't plan to move on from Mike Tomlin despite another one-and-done postseason
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes in 2025
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
Nikita Kucherov and Lightning steal a win from the Penguins, more takeaways from their latest loss
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/paul-zeise/2024/09/05/pittsburgh-pirates-derek-shelton-hot-seat-mlb-rumors-rowdy-tellez/stories/202409050082 
 ----- 
