Monday, January 13, 2025, 8:52AM |   36°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
3
MORE
Pirates bounce back from being no-hit with offensive outburst, topple Nationals
Bailey Falter finishes with four scoreless frames to round out a solid outing
 
ANDREW DESTIN
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
adestin@post-gazette.com
 SEP 6, 2024 1:35 AM
27

Just a few days over five years ago, Rowdy Tellez was part of a fairly memorable no-hitter.

On Sept. 1, 2019, the Astros’ Justin Verlander struck out 14 Blue Jays hitters and walked one for the future Hall of Famer’s third career no-hitter; Tellez had three at-bats, and struck out all three times.

The slugging first baseman didn’t get an at-bat Wednesday night as a trio of Cubs no-hit the Pirates, but he was in the lineup Thursday night at PNC Park. Rather than struggle to manufacture offense, the Pirates had no such issues in a 9-3 win against the Nationals.

“I think all of us had that ‘screw it’ mentality after yesterday,” Tellez told the Post-Gazette. “Just wanted to come out and get that win and put that behind us and move forward.”

 
Noah Hiles
Pirates' Paul Skenes talks relationship with former LSU teammate, fellow rookie standout Dylan Crews

Rather than take overly-aggressive swings, though, it was a patient approach by the Pirates. Against a Washington pitching staff that prides itself on loading the zone, the Pirates walked nine times against seven strikeouts.

Twice in the sixth inning, the Pirates drew walks that scored runs since the bases were loaded.

“Especially when guys come in and they can't command the zone, then you can really shrink the zone down. And we didn't chase,” said manager Derek Shelton. “We did a nice job. I think, overall, a really solid offensive approach tonight.”

It didn’t take long for the Pirates to get off the schneid following their most challenging offensive performance of the season. With two away in the first inning, Oneil Cruz smacked a double for the Pirates’ first hit since Tuesday evening’s victory against the Cubs.

While Cruz didn’t score in the inaugural frame, five Pirates did in the second. Both Connor Joe and Yasmani Grandal walked before Jared Triolo drove the former home with a single to right. Two more base knocks ensued.

Then, Cruz walked before Nick Gonzales plated a pair with an RBI single. Despite only going 1 for 4, Gonzales led the Pirates with three RBIs.

"When you get guys on base like that, have more walks than strikeouts,” Gonzales said, “you put your offense in a good position to keep the bat rolling and get runs across."

 
Noah Hiles
Change of scenery allowed Pirates' Dennis Santana to pitch better than ever before

The Pirates’ self-restraint was tested, and rewarded again by virtue of three more runs scoring in the sixth inning. The club walked four more times in the frame, twice with the bases loaded to bring home another pair. Before either of those runs scored, the Pirates pushed one across on a wild pitch.

Despite entering the evening in dire need of some hits after failing to register any on Wednesday, the Pirates didn’t operate with either overwhelming nor unnecessary urgency. Instead, they let the game come to them and reaped the fruits of their labor.

"I think we just had a good plan from the get go,” Gonzales said. “A good idea of what we wanted to do against the pitcher, and kind of just stuck with it."

On the mound

Starter Bailey Falter may have dug the Pirates an early hole, but the left-hander responded from giving up three runs in the first with four scoreless frames to round out a solid outing. Though he finished the evening with seven hits against, three of those came in the first on a single, a double and a two-run homer.

"First inning was pretty rough,” Falter said. “Just had to battle, try to be as consistent as possible and try to get outs with what I had.”

From the second frame onward, Falter settled in to provide some essential innings a night removed from Domingo German — since-designated for assignment — not making it to the fourth in a losing effort.

After Falter, right-handers Carmen Mlodzinski, Dennis Santana and Kyle Nicolas each tossed scoreless innings to perfectly set up left-hander Joey Wentz for his Pirates debut. Nicolas had allowed six earned runs across his previous 3 ⅓ innings, but needed just 11 pitches — 10 of them strikes — to throw a relatively clean eighth inning.

Shelton noted that rather than spinning off the mound as has been the case recently, Nicolas was moving in a straight line down it.

“He was direct. Fastball was better,” Shelton said. “I know he gave up the one hit, but overall, I thought the stuff, because of his delivery, was in a better spot.”

Wentz labored, however, and ultimately was relieved by Aroldis Chapman to close out the victory. It was Wentz’s first MLB appearance since Aug. 29.

“It just looked like there was some rust there, because this is a guy that has traditionally thrown strikes,” Shelton said. “I think now that we got that rust off, we go to work with it. It was nice that Chapman was able to come in and finish it.”

At the plate

The only hitter in the Pirates’ starting lineup to not record a walk was Isiah Kiner-Falefa, although he did chip in an RBI single in the second. Otherwise, the Pirates watched all sorts of pitches whiz past them and, in the process, mandated the Nationals go deep into their bullpen at the outset of a four-game series.

The Pirates weren’t afraid to wave their sticks, either. Both Cruz and Joe doubled, and the only Pirates starters not to record base hits were Tellez and Billy McKinney, the latter of whom was lifted midway through the contest for Bryan De La Cruz.

"Hitting is contagious, it's very contagious,” Gonzales said. “When we're moving the bat like that, there's not a lot of teams that can hold that. So, it's good to see."

By no means was it the Pirates’ most impressive offensive performance of the season (they scored 14 against the Mets on July 5), but it was a needed bounce-back considering Wednesday’s woes.

They said it

“I think there's a tendency that you can come out and go like, 'OK, I wanna get a hit right now because we didn't get one yesterday,'” Shelton said. “But, I was pleased with the fact that we stayed with it throughout the game.”

Up next

Friday: Nationals at Pirates, 6:40 p.m., PNC Park

TV, radio: SportsNet Pittsburgh, KDKA-FM (93.7)

Probable pitchers: RHP Luis Ortiz (6-4, 3.19) for Pirates; LHP DJ Herz (2-7, 4.09) for Nationals

Key matchup: Bryan Reynolds has a career 1.076 OPS against the Nationals. That’s the highest-among all active MLB players with at least 100 career plate appearances against them.

Hidden stat: Since June 18, Dennis Santana has recorded a 1.44 ERA. That's the fifth-lowest ERA among National League relievers with at least 31.0 innings of work behind Raisel Iglesias (0.00), A.J. Puk (0.28), Tanner Scott (1.10) and Ryan Walker (1.35).

Saturday: Nationals at Pirates, 6:40 p.m., PNC Park

Probable pitchers: RHP Mitch Keller (11-9, 3.88) for Pirates; LHP Mitchell Parker (7-9, 4.27) for Nationals

First Published: September 6, 2024, 1:35 a.m.
Updated: September 6, 2024, 12:49 p.m.

Andrew Destin has covered the Pirates for the Post-Gazette since 2023. He has also covered the Penguins and Penn State football as a beat reporter.
  adestin@post-gazette.com
  @AndrewDestin1
 RELATED
 
Andrew Destin
Pirates add left-hander Joey Wentz to roster, designate Domingo German for assignment
 
Noah Hiles and Andrew Destin
Pirates mailbag: Is Ben Cherington's job at risk after another disappointing season?
 
Paul Zeise
Paul Zeise: The case for one more year of this Pirates mess is simple, but far more complex than it seems
 
Jason Mackey
Jason Mackey: What Derek Shelton's postgame frustration says about his job status
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
A&E
Melessie Clark named Post-Gazette Performer of the Year
LOCAL
'We're not going anywhere': How the Latino community pulled Beechview back from the brink of crisis
NEWS
Obituary: Richard J. Garber | Co-creator of iconic poison prevention logo Mr. Yuk
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers don't plan to move on from Mike Tomlin despite another one-and-done postseason
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 8:59pm  Gerry Dulac
2
SPORTS
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:36am  Joe Starkey
3
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 10:00am  Jason Mackey
4
BUSINESS
U.S. Steel-Nippon deal given six-month reprieve
 Mon, Jan 13, 2025, 2:14am  Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
5
SPORTS
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:19am  Ray Fittipaldo
Justin K. Aller / Getty Images
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers don't plan to move on from Mike Tomlin despite another one-and-done postseason
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes in 2025
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
Nikita Kucherov and Lightning steal a win from the Penguins, more takeaways from their latest loss
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/pirates/2024/09/05/pirates-nick-gonzales-nationals-mlb-bailey-falter/stories/202409050076 
 ----- 
