Latest
Celebrity
K-POP
K-Drama
Culture
Sports

HOME
SPORTS
3G consecutive goals against Iraq 'Heroes of the Troubles', 'Lee Jae-sung! Lee Jae-sung!'

By Youngji, Jeon

Oct 15, 2024

   



The fourth Group B match between South Korea and Iraq was held at Yongin Mir Stadium on the 15th. Lee Jae-sung is cheering after scoring an additional goal. Yongin = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.10.15/





'Iraq killer' Lee Jae-sung (Minutes) flashed again this time.

Lee Jae-sung scored three consecutive goals against Iraq, leading Hong Myung-bo to his third consecutive victory.

South Korea's national soccer team, led by head coach Hong Myung-bo, won 3-2 in the fourth Group B match of the 2026 North Korea-China World Cup at Yongin Mir Stadium in Gyeonggi Province on the 15th.







The fourth Group B match between South Korea and Iraq was held at Yongin Mir Stadium on the 15th. Lee Jae-sung is sharing a hug with Lee Myung-jae after scoring an additional goal. Yongin = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.10.15/
Lee Jae-sung was strong against Iraq. On November 17, 2021, he scored the winning goal in the 33rd minute of the first half in the Asian qualifying round for the Qatar World Cup, leading to a 1-0 victory with the winning goal in the 40th minute in an away friendly match in Iraq ahead of the Qatar Asian Cup on January 6.

Lee Jae-sung's move was desperate in the 29th minute of the second half, when the score was 1-1 due to Hussein's equalizer early in the second half after leading with Oh Se-hoon's first goal in the 40th minute. Moon Sun-min's cutback, which penetrated the left side and then dug into the end line, was missed, but Lee Jae-sung again poked a cutback, leading Oh Hyun-kyu's net goal. He scored an offensive point in three consecutive games against Iraq. Lee Jae-sung's dedication, the icon of hard work who runs more than anyone else and who appears without fail when something happens somewhere, did not stop there. In the 37th minute of the second half, Lee Myung-jae threw himself without hesitation to a left-footed cross from the left. He cheered by pushing the extra goal with a diving header. He led Hong Myung-bo to three consecutive wins with his 13th A match and three consecutive goals against Iraq.







The fourth Group B match between South Korea and Iraq was held at Yongin Mir Stadium on the 15th. Lee Jae-sung is sharing a hug with Lee Myung-jae after scoring an additional goal. Yongin = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.10.15/
Lee Jae-sung saved Hong Myung-bo in crisis by completely filling the vacancy of Son Heung-min with one goal and one assist and two consecutive goals following the match against Jordan.

Since losing 2-3 to Jordan in the round of 16 at the Qatar Asian Cup in January, he has kept the pride of South Korean soccer with a valuable victory at home against Iraq, which has been undefeated in seven games. He showed the dignity of a veteran.




Coupang Play commentator Han Joon-hee picked Lee Jae-sung as the best player in the Iraq match without any hesitation. "Considering the two games against Jordan and Iraq, he played a great role as an elder brother."," he said in compliments.






sky4us@sportschosun.com

Related articles
We also won four games in a row...The opponent is a team with 14 consecutive wins, and this time, the whole team will play
Valorant's International League VCT Pacific joins two more teams next year to operate as 12 teams
K Hallan Gwangju Heo Yul withdraws his enlistment as a managing director → He is about to go to Ulsan...Ulsan steps up power reinforcement ahead of Wall
Lee Ki-heung, including Kang Shin-wook and Yoo Seung-min, disagree on methodologies, including consensus polls, to unify the first meeting of candidates 4
SPORTS
It contains the famous Suwon Samsung's yesterday, today, and tomorrow, and is published because of Suwon Samsung
SPORTS
2024 Daejeon Hana, which ended with a happy ending, will hold the 2nd screening of the 2024 season documentary soccer special on the 27th
SPORTS
Son Heung-min's off-field performance is also MVP-class...Global fashion and beauty industries are also excited
SPORTS
Don't get drunk on the home run king's successWhy KIA Wisdom and Hanwha Floral should not be guaranteed to succeed
Latest News
SPORTS
Chelsea, who spent 130 billion won, is virtually done with a poor mood leak career...Suspicion of taking banned drugs for super soldiers that ended Sharapova's career
CULTURE
Running starts from 70!At 71 years old, 13 seconds 97 and 75 years old, 13 seconds 96 100m high speed frequency · 70s
SPORTS
I'm innocent 100 million euro Chelsea star of taking banned drugs, breaking silence and strong denial. Let's see if the truth game is going to be played
CELEBRITY
Yoo Yeon-seok Yoo Jae-seok, YouTube Ecosystem Disturbance, 6 million hearts, and reality hits (whenever I have time)
CELEBRITY
Heo Gak feels like living alone. He's been married for 12 years and confessed to living in different rooms for 9 years (Dolsing Foreman)
CELEBRITY
My late husband, Oh Man-seok, a really good person, and memories of acquaintances I left 10 months ago (because I'm a soloist)
Related News
SPORTS
Yoo Seung-min, former IOC member election method, needs to be improved because it does not properly reflect the voices of athletes
SPORTS
6.00x for Samsung's victory...151st round of the Proto match, KBL Changwon LG Seoul Samsung match is nearing the end of the match
SPORTS
Be humble, the opposite of Holan → Amorim's persona with good manners...Run to Pep and say hello
SPORTS
Lee Jae-sung, who sank multi-goal Munich, was selected as the best 11 in the Bundesliga...LEE Records Executive Director, Mainz Club
SPORTS
Lee Sang-hyun, President of the Korea Hockey Association, Resigns Forever Hockey People Support Hockey Development Anytime, Anywhere
SPORTS
A word from Kane who is excited to play with Son Heung-min...What was it like for Son Keduo, a couple from their previous lives
Popular Posts
1.
Jang Sung-gyu "Recently, I'm worried that Cha Eun-woo might not be offended" "('Ta-cha JANG')
2.
MIN HEE JIN, will you be able to be the real New Jeans
3.
NewJeans Celebrate Min Hee-jin’s Birthday Amidst Group Transition
4.
Jeon So-min, 'Running Man'You look so thin for a year..Ji Seokjin was also surprised
5.
I'm sorry for the older generation Choi Min-sik mentioned impeachment rally in a ridiculous world...I'm sorry to the lads
6.
BTS' Jin Drops New OST for tvN Drama 'When the Stars Gossip'
7.
Jungkook and Stray Kids Shine on Billboard’s Annual 'Top Artist' Chart
8.
"Jung Woo-sung and Moon Gabi are lovers when they meet..It's neither a double-legged nor an accountant." (Freehan Doctor)
9.
Cho Jung-seok Shines as Special Guest at Gummy's Tour Concert
10.
"Do it, you XX." Oh Eun-young is also embarrassed because her anger control disorder suppresses her stranglehold
Sports
View All
Hyundai Steel's director Kim Eun-sook resigned...Closing of documents on the 11th for supervisor open recruitment
We talked about next year until a month ago, but the 43-year-old left-hander Wada retired in a surprise move, and the aftermath of Softbank's Japan Series shock defeat (Min Chang-ki's Japanese baseball)
Forget the Splash Duo! Heald next to Curry. GS, Washington Defeat, 6-1, West's Best Dark Horse
Sports Toto Releases Champions League Proto Winning Ceremony
LATEST
 
CELEBRITY
 
K-POP
 
K-DRAMA
 
CULTURE
 
SPORTS
About Us
 
Terms Of Use
 
Privacy Policy
 
Cookie Policy
 
Copyright Policy
Korean
 
Artists
 
RSS
 
Site Map
Address : 20th FL, Dream Tower 233-1 Mokdongdong-ro, Yangcheon-gu, Seoul Korea Online newspaper registration No : Seoul 아01720 Date of registration : 2011.07.29 Publisher : Park Jin-hyung, Editor : Park Jae-ho, Juvenile Protection Manager : Lee Jae-hoon E-mail : global@sportschosun.com, Tel : +82-2-3219-8253

© 2000-2024 Copyright sportschosun.com All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportschosun.com/sports/2024/10/3g-consecutive-goals-against-iraq-heroes-of-23643 
 ----- 
