Latest
Celebrity
K-POP
K-Drama
Culture
Sports

HOME
SPORTS
'Alert Target No. 1' Hussein's equalizer allowed South Korea and Iraq 1-1 (second half progress)

By Gaeul, Kim

Oct 15, 2024

   



사진=Yonhap News







The 4th Group B match between South Korea and Iraq was held at Yongin Mir Stadium in the third Asian qualifying round for the 2026 FIFA North-China World Cup. Iraqi coach Jesus Casas is watching the game. Yongin = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.03.21/
'Aimen Hussein (Iraq) finally scored.

The South Korean national soccer team, led by head coach Hong Myung-bo, is playing the fourth Group B match against Iraq in the third Asian qualifying round for the 2026 North-China World Cup at Yongin Mir Stadium in Gyeonggi Province on the 15th.

South Korea took the lead with Oh Se-hoon's first goal in the 40th minute of the first half. Seol Young-woo's cross on the right side was deflected off the opponent's defender's foot. Bae Joon-ho, who saved the ball, connected to Oh Se-hoon, and Oh Se-hoon shook the net. Bae Joon-ho recorded help for the second consecutive game following the match against Jordan.




Jordan launched a counterattack. At the start of the second half, Jordan took out Lucas Shlimon and put in Ali Jasim. The card hit the mark. Jordan tied the score 1-1 in the fifth minute of the second half with Hussein's score.

Hussein is the core of Iraq's attack, which has scored 28 goals in total in A matches. Earlier, Kim Min-jae said of Hussein "We have faced each other in games about two or three times, and he is a player who shows strength in aerial balls and provision rights. He is a striker, but he plays persistently and firmly. I think we need to pay more attention to the right to provide. You should be careful of balls that come up as side crosses or second balls that drop them. "I will talk well with the inexperienced players and cover them, and let's talk about strengthening the areas to be strong, and I will block them well."




However, Hussein injured his rib during the A-match against Oman in September. Since then, I have been working hard on rehabilitation. However, he started the game against South Korea and completed the scoring.









epi17@sportschosun.com

Related articles
In front of Kim Min-jae, Asia's first historical iron pillar, Lee Jae-sung multi-goal, Bundesliga 14R best 11 sweeps
K Hallan Gwangju Heo Yul withdraws his enlistment as a managing director → He is about to go to Ulsan...Ulsan steps up power reinforcement ahead of Wall
Lee Ki-heung, including Kang Shin-wook and Yoo Seung-min, disagree on methodologies, including consensus polls, to unify the first meeting of candidates 4
It contains the famous Suwon Samsung's yesterday, today, and tomorrow, and is published because of Suwon Samsung
SPORTS
KIA ML's 88-home run batter is about to be recruited, and the winter of the 4th FA trainee becomes colder
SPORTS
Son Heung-min's off-field performance is also MVP-class...Global fashion and beauty industries are also excited
SPORTS
Don't get drunk on the home run king's successWhy KIA Wisdom and Hanwha Floral should not be guaranteed to succeed
SPORTS
Yoo Seung-min, former IOC member election method, needs to be improved because it does not properly reflect the voices of athletes
Latest News
SPORTS
Chelsea, who spent 130 billion won, is virtually done with a poor mood leak career...Suspicion of taking banned drugs for super soldiers that ended Sharapova's career
CULTURE
Running starts from 70!At 71 years old, 13 seconds 97 and 75 years old, 13 seconds 96 100m high speed frequency · 70s
SPORTS
I'm innocent 100 million euro Chelsea star of taking banned drugs, breaking silence and strong denial. Let's see if the truth game is going to be played
CELEBRITY
Yoo Yeon-seok Yoo Jae-seok, YouTube Ecosystem Disturbance, 6 million hearts, and reality hits (whenever I have time)
CELEBRITY
Heo Gak feels like living alone. He's been married for 12 years and confessed to living in different rooms for 9 years (Dolsing Foreman)
CELEBRITY
My late husband, Oh Man-seok, a really good person, and memories of acquaintances I left 10 months ago (because I'm a soloist)
Related News
SPORTS
6.00x for Samsung's victory...151st round of the Proto match, KBL Changwon LG Seoul Samsung match is nearing the end of the match
SPORTS
Be humble, the opposite of Holan → Amorim's persona with good manners...Run to Pep and say hello
SPORTS
Women's professional basketball, which finished in the first half of the year, also changed the season during a 15-day break
SPORTS
ACL ★★ Guangzhou FC, are you going to take it down in the air like this? Tens of millions of dollars in unpaid wages, dark shadows
SPORTS
Lee Sang-hyun, President of the Korea Hockey Association, Resigns Forever Hockey People Support Hockey Development Anytime, Anywhere
SPORTS
That's obvious. Jeonbuk's new coach, which already has the answer, is just a decision
Popular Posts
1.
Jang Sung-gyu "Recently, I'm worried that Cha Eun-woo might not be offended" "('Ta-cha JANG')
2.
MIN HEE JIN, will you be able to be the real New Jeans
3.
NewJeans Celebrate Min Hee-jin’s Birthday Amidst Group Transition
4.
Jeon So-min, 'Running Man'You look so thin for a year..Ji Seokjin was also surprised
5.
I'm sorry for the older generation Choi Min-sik mentioned impeachment rally in a ridiculous world...I'm sorry to the lads
6.
BTS' Jin Drops New OST for tvN Drama 'When the Stars Gossip'
7.
Jungkook and Stray Kids Shine on Billboard’s Annual 'Top Artist' Chart
8.
"Jung Woo-sung and Moon Gabi are lovers when they meet..It's neither a double-legged nor an accountant." (Freehan Doctor)
9.
Cho Jung-seok Shines as Special Guest at Gummy's Tour Concert
10.
"Do it, you XX." Oh Eun-young is also embarrassed because her anger control disorder suppresses her stranglehold
Sports
View All
Hyundai Steel's director Kim Eun-sook resigned...Closing of documents on the 11th for supervisor open recruitment
We talked about next year until a month ago, but the 43-year-old left-hander Wada retired in a surprise move, and the aftermath of Softbank's Japan Series shock defeat (Min Chang-ki's Japanese baseball)
Forget the Splash Duo! Heald next to Curry. GS, Washington Defeat, 6-1, West's Best Dark Horse
Sports Toto Releases Champions League Proto Winning Ceremony
LATEST
 
CELEBRITY
 
K-POP
 
K-DRAMA
 
CULTURE
 
SPORTS
About Us
 
Terms Of Use
 
Privacy Policy
 
Cookie Policy
 
Copyright Policy
Korean
 
Artists
 
RSS
 
Site Map
Address : 20th FL, Dream Tower 233-1 Mokdongdong-ro, Yangcheon-gu, Seoul Korea Online newspaper registration No : Seoul 아01720 Date of registration : 2011.07.29 Publisher : Park Jin-hyung, Editor : Park Jae-ho, Juvenile Protection Manager : Lee Jae-hoon E-mail : global@sportschosun.com, Tel : +82-2-3219-8253

© 2000-2024 Copyright sportschosun.com All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportschosun.com/sports/2024/10/against-iraq-alert-target-no-1-husseins-equalizer-23631 
 ----- 
