CLOSE
Weather
32°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Live updates: It’s snowing in Dallas-Fort Worth! 2 to 5 inches expected today, tomorrow
1,600 flights canceled at DFW Airport, Dallas Love Field as snow, and sleet arrive
North Texas officials urge caution on roads as snow, ice settle in
Live radar: Watch as snow, sleet, freezing rain drop over Dallas-Fort Worth area
These Dallas restaurants are open during the winter weather, snow today
Mavericks game vs. Portland Trail Blazers still on despite winter weather in North Texas
Jimmy Carter remembered at Washington funeral before his return to Georgia
How Dallas nonprofits are bringing people inside, saving lives from icy weather
Man killed in Red Bird was a goofy dad with a love for songwriting
Dallas ISD, other North Texas schools announce closures due to winter weather
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSMAVERICKS

Mavericks’ schedule opening window of opportunity, especially with a hobbled Luka Doncic
The Mavs have won two straight, including Sunday against the Thunder without Doncic.

By Mike Curtis

Mavericks Beat Writer

Nov. 18, 2024
|
Updated 3:28 p.m. CST
|
3 min. read
Dallas Mavericks guard Luka Doncic (77) reacts after falling down on the floor during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Houston Rockets at American Airlines Center, Thursday, Oct. 31, 2024, in Dallas. (Chitose Suzuki / Staff Photographer)

OKLAHOMA CITY — When Shai Gilgeous-Alexander intentionally bounced a free throw off the back of the rim, neither Dereck Lively II or Daniel Gafford could secure the rebound.

The ball was tipped to Luguentz Dort and the Oklahoma City Thunder forward attempted a last-second 3-pointer over P.J. Washington, but the ball couldn’t reach the rim before the final buzzer sounded.

Disaster avoided. Lively grabbed the ball with both hands and held it high, exhaling twice, and said, “Whoo. Whoo.”

For the second time this season, the Mavericks survived a clutch situation, defeating the Thunder on Sunday on the second night of a back-to-back, and without Luka Doncic. After failing to win any of its last four games that were decided by a single possession, Dallas found a way.

Mavericks

Be the smartest Mavericks fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

“It’s hard to win in this league, so every opportunity we get, we’re happy for it,” said Washington, who led the Mavericks with 27 points and 17 rebounds. “We’re just glad we got this one tonight. Obviously, we’ll learn from it and get better. Go out Tuesday and try to do the same thing.”

Perhaps they shouldn’t have been in another clutch game to begin with, up 10 points with 2:14 left after what should’ve been a dagger 3-pointer by Kyrie Irving. But the Mavericks committed four turnovers in the final minute, including a lost jump ball that led to Gilgeous-Alexander’s crucial trip to the free-throw line with four seconds left.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We’ve been in some close games and we’ve lost doing some different things that don’t win games,” Mavericks coach Jason Kidd said. “I thought that group did a really good job of staying the course. The free throw miss, we get lucky there. They come up with the loose ball and the time runs out, but I thought everybody made plays.”

The result was Dallas’ most impressive victory of the season despite the absence of Doncic, who missed his first game of the season with a right knee contusion. The Thunder entered with the best record in the Western Conference and had lost only one out of eight games on their home court before Sunday.

Nipsey Hussle’s “Last Time That I Checc’d” was a fitting track to hear echoing from the visitor’s locker room as the Mavericks celebrated their third consecutive win at Paycom Center, dating back to their second-round playoff series.

ADVERTISEMENT

“All of these games mean something,” Irving said. “We haven’t put our best foot forward in certain games. … It felt great. Everyone’s been eating. Everybody’s been doing their job. Tonight could’ve been something like an ish-show, just us throwing the ball around. We just have to value our possessions and be able to finish games strong. It’s a step in the right direction, but we’re not satisfied.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The step comes as the team reaches a softer portion of its schedule with several matchups against sub-.500 teams, starting with Dallas’ second NBA Cup game Tuesday against New Orleans (4-10). The next 10-game stretch also includes Miami (5-7), Atlanta (6-8), Utah (3-10), Portland (6-8), Washington (2-10) and Toronto (2-12).

Related:Luka Doncic’s defense is costing the Mavericks. Can he improve?

Doncic’s status will likely be day-to-day, and while the Mavericks would love to have him back in the lineup, this might be an opportunity to rehab his bruised knee.

Washington is the latest Maverick to lead the team in scoring, joining Doncic, Irving and Gafford. Klay Thompson, Lively and Naji Marshall have also made significant contributions. A healthy Mavericks team is ideal, Irving said, but he stressed patience in the early portion of the season.

ADVERTISEMENT

“It’s hard not to think about us from a healthy standpoint, but right now we just gotta stay present in terms of what we have and try not to think too much ahead,” he said. “I try to tell everyone to be patient and when everybody’s back healthy, we’ll be ready to adjust and adapt. Right now we just gotta enjoy the ride.”

Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Mavericks game vs. Portland Trail Blazers still on despite winter weather in North Texas
Mavs’ Kyrie Irving, ANTA release signature shoe, will be worn by current, former teammates
Lakers coach JJ Redick says his family evacuated and people are ‘freaking out’ due to LA wildfires
Undermanned Mavs overcome skid thanks to budding chemistry: ‘Give this group some time’
Mavericks’ win over Lakers provides a map for navigating road without Doncic, Irving
ADVERTISEMENT

Find more Mavericks coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

More about:
Luka Doncic
By Mike Curtis

Mike is the Mavericks Beat Writer for The Dallas Morning News. Before his arrival at the DMN, he spent two seasons covering the Detroit Pistons at The Detroit News. Mike earned his bachelor's degree in Communications from Tennessee State University and received his master's degree in Media and Communication from Middle Tennessee State University.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Live updates: It’s snowing in Dallas-Fort Worth! 2 to 5 inches expected today, tomorrow
2
1,600 flights canceled at DFW Airport, Dallas Love Field as snow, and sleet arrive
3
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
4
Dallas megachurch Watermark ‘aware’ of staffer’s sex offender status, his platform remains
5
School, government closures mount Wednesday as D-FW prepares for snow, wintry mix
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/mavericks/2024/11/18/mavericks-entering-schedule-window-of-opportunity-especially-with-a-hobbled-luka-doncic/ 
 ----- 
