Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Why the Dallas Mavericks Continue to be an Obstacle for the OKC Thunder
On Sunray night, Oklahoma City lost its third game of the season, falling to the Dallas Mavericks in the Modern Frontier.
Randall Sweet | Nov 18, 2024
Nov 17, 2024; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA; Dallas Mavericks forward P.J. Washington (25) gestures after a basket against the Oklahoma City Thunder during the second half at Paycom Center. / Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images
In this story:
Oklahoma City Thunder

On Sunday night, the Dallas Mavericks handed the Oklahoma City Thunder its third loss of the season.

Sunday marked the first meeting between both teams since last season's Western Conference Semifinals with the Mavericks coming out on top once again, despite being without Luka Doncic. Even in the midst of what has been a lackluster performance so far, Dallas still proved to be an obstacle for the Thunder.

Similar to the 2024 Western Conference Semifinals, Mavericks forward PJ Washington had an electric performance to help lead Jason Kidd's team to a two-point victory on Sunday. Beyond another big performance from Washington, however, Dallas shot well from beyond the arc, with Kyrie Irving, Quentin Grimes and Spencer Dinwiddie all knocking down multiple triples against OKC.

The Mavericks have a well-constructed roster armed with experienced veterans, microwave scorers, steady shooters and solid defenders, making them a tough opponent for a young Thunder team. Dereck Lively II and Jaden Hardy are some of the only young pieces earning rotational minutes for the Mavericks, with the rest of the team operating as role players around Doncic and Irving.

Dallas has build a roster that is able to counter the Thunder's depth and variance by bringing in veterans who have different skill sets. Players like Daniel Gafford, Klay Thompson, Naji Marshall and others each have different skills that meld into a solid group when playing together.

Against Oklahoma City's defensive scheme, the Mavericks have enough players who are confident in their role to make plays and beat Mark Daigneault's defense when the team forces the ball to Washington or another role player.

Still, the Thunder have enough talent to compete with the Mavericks in a single game or playoff series, as evident by the 2024 Western Conference Semifinals. When Chet Holmgren, Jaylin Williams and Isaiah Hartenstein return from injury, Daigneault will be able to show Dallas a few different looks.

Want to join the discussion? Like Thunder on SI on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Thunder news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Nov 18, 2024
RANDALL SWEET

Randall Sweet is a 2022 Oklahoma University graduate who has formerly written for the Norman Transcript and OU Daily. Randall also serves as the Communications Coordinator at Visit OKC.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/thunder/news/why-the-dallas-mavericks-continue-to-be-an-obstacle-for-the-okc-thunder-01jd0cpmn0p9 
 ----- 
