HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023: Zambia vs Tanzania: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 19, 2024 at 11:13 AM
Modified at :
January 19, 2024 at 11:13 AM

Ritvik Verma

0
0
A football fiesta as Zambia and Tanzania lock horns in an AFCON match.

The Zambia vs Tanzania game is expected to be an exciting show that will captivate fans all over the continent. There is a lot of excitement surrounding the unpredictable nature of the AFCON game as both sides get ready for action.

The head to head matches between both frequently have surprising turns, capturing the spirit of what makes African football so exciting. With every moment on the pitch having the potential for drama and celebration, fans look forward to the thrilling game with great anticipation.

Kick-off

Sunday, 21st January 2024, 05:00 PM GMT; 10:30 PM IST

Location: Stade de San Pédro

Form

Zambia (in all competitions): W-W-L-D-D

Tanzania (in all competitions): D-W-L-L-L

Players to watch for
Kings Kangwa (Zambia)

The brilliant striker Kings Kangwa from Zambia is a creative player who can score goals. Kangwa gives Zambia’s attack more energy and is well-known for his agility and ability to create scoring opportunities. He has scored in recent games for Zambia and the coaching staff will have high expectations from him to score in this anticipating clash as well.

Charles M’Mombwa (Tanzania)

Charles M’Mombwa is a flexible player who can play in midfield or attack. His ability to adapt and his tactical understanding make him a great asset. He has been a regular scorer for Tanzania whenever they get a chance to score in final third of the opposition box.

Match facts
Zambia have drawn one game while Tanzania have lost one game in the AFCON 2023.
On their last meeting Zambia won by 2 goals.
Average number of goals in meetings between Zambia and Tanzania is 3.33.
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury and Team News

Currently, in the second game of group stage in AFCON, Zambia have no injuries or suspensions. Meanwhile, Tanzania’s squad dynamics are affected by Miyoshi’s suspension and Allarakhia’s injury. Their approach is made unclear by the absence of these important players.

Head-to-head

Matches: 4

Zambia: 1

Tanzania: 1

Draws: 2

Predicted lineup for Zambia vs Tanzania
Zambia Predicted lineup (4-4-2)

Mulenga; Phiri, Sunzu, Mwape, Musonda; Kapumbu, Mafwenta, Kangwa, Banda; Daka, Sakala

Tanzania Predicted lineup (4-3-3)

Manula; Dickson, Nondo, Mnoga, Miroshi; Msuva, Hamad, Bajana; Samatta, M’Mombwa, Salum

Match prediction for Zambia vs Tanzania

An exciting football match between Tanzania and Zambia will be expected. Both sides add flare and strategy to the pitch when players like Kangwa and M’Mombwa are on the pitch. A thrilling matchup where talent, willpower, and unpredictable play will determine the winner is anticipated by fans. Zambia may win the game, despite this one being a closely contested game.

Prediction: Zambia 2 – 1 Tanzania

Telecast for South Africa vs Namibia

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Como vs Lecce Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Bologna vs Hellas Verona Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Aston Villa vs Brighton Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Ipswich Town vs Chelsea Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Manchester United vs Newcastle United Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Top 11 players with most assists in Premier League history
What does Mumbai City FC need to do in January transfer window?
List of Jamshedpur FC coaches and their performance in ISL
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Top five managers with most FA Cup trophies
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 C

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-zambia-vs-tanzania-match-preview 
 ----- 
