Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
AFCON 2023: Morocco humbles 10-man Tanzania in San Pedro | Group F
Paul Romain Saiss Ghanem, Azzedine Ounahi and Youssef En-Nesyri found the goals for the Atlas Lions against a 10-man Tanzanian side.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
JANUARY 17, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Youssef En-Nesyri (19) and Paul Romain Saiss Ghanem celebrate a goal scored by Morocco at AFCON | Credit: CAF Media
Overview:

Morocco shall face Democratic Republic of Congo on Sunday, 21st January 2024 at 5 PM. Later at 8 PM, on the same day, 2012 AFCON champions will face Tanzania.

AFCON 2023:

Group F:

·      Morocco 3-0 Tanzania

A dominant Morocco humbled CECAFA region representatives Tanzania 3-0 during AFCON 2023 group F at the Laurent Pokou stadium in San Pedro city on Wednesday, 17th January 2024.

Paul Romain Saiss Ghanem, Azzedine Ounahi and Youssef En-Nesyri found the goals for the Atlas Lions against a 10-man Tanzanian side.

Novatus Miroshi was sent off in the 70th minute to grant Morocco the numerical advantage.

Saiss who features at Saudi Pro League club Al-Shabab gave Morocco the lead on the half hour mark.

Miroshi was sent off with 20 minutes to play to give the North Africans the advantage of numbers.

It was made to count with a goal from Olympique de Marseille’s attacking midfielder Ounahi in the 77th minute.

Three minutes later, Sevilla’s En-Nesyri made it three to pile more misery to the Tanzanians.

The outstanding display from Ounahi earned him the man of the match accolade.

Azzedine Ounahi celebrates Morocco’s second goal. He was also named the man of the match | Credit: CAF Media

With the comprehensive victory, Morocco ascends to the summit of group F even before the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) takes on Zambia during the other duel of the pool in San Pedro later on Wednesday night.

Next Group F Games:

Morocco shall face Democratic Republic of Congo on Sunday, 21st January 2024 at 5 PM.

Later at 8 PM, on the same day, 2012 AFCON champions will face Tanzania.

Senegal is the reigning champion of this tournament.

Other Results

Group E:

·      Mali 2-0 South Africa

·      Tunisia 0-1 Namibia

Group D:

·      Burkina Faso 1-0 Mauritania

·      Algeria 1-1 Angola

Group C:

·      Cameroon 1-1 Guinea

·      Senegal 3-0 The Gambia

Group B:

·      Egypt 2-2 Mozambique

·      Ghana 1-2 Cape Verde

Group A:

·      Nigeria 1-1 Equatorial Guinea

·      Cote D’Ivoire 2-0 Guinea Bissau

DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
Would-be URU Awards: 2024 was Okello, Lekuru’s year
Kayanja, Naiga pot to victory in end of year 2024 pool championship at Kansanga
Ex-Ondu, Gaddafi coach lands Mbale Heroes job on interim
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/01/17/afcon-2023-morocco-humbles-10-man-tanzania-in-san-pedro-group-f/ 
 ----- 
