SIGN IN

SPORT | FOOTBALL

Bahrain vs Japan LIVE! Asian Cup match stream, latest score and goal updates today
Pre-tournament favourites Samurai Blue face a tough test to reach the quarter-finals
0 of 1 minute, 40 secondsVolume 0%
 
DOM SMITH
31 JANUARY 2024

Bahrain vs Japan LIVE!

The final Asian Cup quarter-final spots will be decided today, starting with this clash between the Pearl Divers and pre-tournament favourites Samurai Blue. Bahrain topped their group despite losing their opening game and head into this last-16 clash with real hope of becoming a quarter-finalist.

Japan also lost one and won two of their three group games but finished second in their group thanks to Iraq's perfect record - which was ended up Jordan in the knockout stage. It's fair to say Samurai Blue have not been at their most convincing in the tournament, but could continue their fine record against Bahrain this morning.

Premier League pair Takehiro Tomiyasu and Wataru Endo should start, but Brighton's Karou Mitoma was still nursing an ankle injury ahead of the game. Takumi Minamino will also be a familiar name to some, while Takefusa Kubo has this week been linked with a move to the English top flight. Follow the game LIVE below with our dedicated match blog.

Bahrain vs Japan latest highlights

GOAL! Ueda makes amends and scored Japan's third
GOAL! Kubo scores after VAR check
GOAL! Ueda own goal gets Bahrain back into game
GOAL! Doan gives Japan the lead
Kick off

Live updates

31 JANUARY 2024
Thanks for joining us!

Catch you again soon for another Standard Sport live blog during the 2023 Asian Cup.

Ciao!

31 JANUARY 2024
A good day's work for Japan

Well, Japan are safely into the last eight after cruising past Bahrain.

You can read Standard Sport's match report here.

31 JANUARY 2024
FULL-TIME: Bahrain 1-3 Japan

Japan make their way into the quarter-final with a deserved victory over a Bahrain side who tired too early and didn't create enough from open play.

The Samurai Blue will rightly see themselves as one of the favourites to win this Asian Cup. They should have scored more, but some of the football they played was excellent.

31 JANUARY 2024
Bahrain 1-3 Japan

90+4' How have Japan not scored again?

Asano is denied by Lutfallah when through, and then Japan somehow squander a three-on-one counter-attack. Pretty poor from the leading side. They should be three up.

31 JANUARY 2024
Bahrain 1-3 Japan

90+2' Two final changes for Bahrain.

Off go Hazza and Al Shaikh. Al Khalassy and Khelaif will each get a short run-out here.

31 JANUARY 2024
Bahrain 1-3 Japan

90+1' There will be TEN added minutes here!

Blimey. Bahrain's players don't even look happy about that decision. They look shattered!

31 JANUARY 2024
Bahrain 1-3 Japan

87' Bahrain's desperation there for all too see as their players surround the referee demanding a penalty.

In truth, it was a minor coming together and the brief VAR check rightly agrees with the off-field decision.

Japan a threat whenever they win the ball off Bahrain and run at them now.

31 JANUARY 2024
Bahrain 1-3 Japan

79' Waleed is booked for a crude challenge on Ueda.

Meanwhile, Doan and Ueda are replaced by Asano and Machida for Japan.

Just over 10 minutes to go.

31 JANUARY 2024
Bahrain 1-3 Japan

77' Double change for Bahrain now.

Al Hardan and Al Aswad are replaced. Atede and Al Hashash come on.

Al Hashash and Helal will play as a conventional front-two now.

31 JANUARY 2024
GOAL! Bahrain 1-3 Japan

72' Ueda atones for his terrible own goal by holding off Bahrain's defenders and slotting between Lutfallah's legs.

Crucial goal for Japan. It might just be enough for them here.

LATEST
OLDER

MORE ABOUT

BAHRAIN
JAPAN
ASIAN CUP

Comments are currently unavailable

Recommended by
NEWS
SPORT
BUSINESS
LIFESTYLE
CULTURE
GOING OUT
HOMES & PROPERTY
COMMENT
The London Standard
Archive
All Topics
All Authors
Newsletters
Terms of use
Contact Us
Modern Slavery Act
Syndication
Privacy Notice
Privacy Options
Cookie Policy
Code of conduct and complaints
Advertisers
Promotion Rules
Contributors
London Live
The Independent
The Independent US
indy100
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.standard.co.uk/sport/football/bahrain-vs-japan-live-stream-asian-cup-2024-latest-score-result-watch-tv-team-news-b1135960.html 
 ----- 
