SCORES
LATEST
News and Features
News
Transfers
Opinion
Analysis
Power Rankings
Player Ratings
Winners & Losers
GOAL USA SOCIAL
YouTube
Instagram
TikTok
X
Facebook
GOAL USA Video
The Rondo
Studs Up
Kit Collector
GOAL Global Social
YouTube
Instagram
TikTok
X
Facebook
Culture and Lifestyle
GOAL Champions
GOAL Editions
Culture
Kits
Boots
Buyers' Guides
Gaming
Quizzes
COMPETITIONS
Leagues & Cups
MLS
NWSL
Premier League
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Liga MX
UEFA Champions League
USL Championship
USL Super League
2025 FIFA Club World Cup
2026 FIFA World Cup
Clubs
Inter Miami
Real Madrid
Barcelona
Manchester City
Manchester United
Liverpool
Arsenal
Chelsea
AC Milan
Juventus
PSG
Wrexham
International
USMNT
Canada
Mexico
Argentina
Brazil
Colombia
Chile
England
Spain
France
Italy
Germany
Women's Football
Latest news
USWNT
NWSL
USL Super League
UWCL
WSL
PLAYERS
Lionel Messi
Christian Pulisic
Alex Morgan
Cristiano Ronaldo
Kylian Mbappe
Erling Haaland
Tim Weah
Weston McKennie
Sophia Smith
Trinity Rodman
Folarin Balogun
Giovanni Reyna
BETTING
INDIVISA
MUNDIAL
STREAMING
Schedule, Channels & more
TV Schedule
Where to Watch
Streaming services
Sling TV
Fubo TV
Apple TV+
Paramount+
DirecTV
ESPN+
Hulu+
Peacock TV
Best VPN Services
Best Streaming Services
Best Streaming Devices
Best Cable Providers
GOALSTUDIO
GOAL
Richard Martin
Jan 29, 2024 09:31+00:00
Get it together, Marcus! No more excuses for Rashford after letting down Man Utd with midweek partying - he must stop 'wasting his talent'
Opinion
M. Rashford
Manchester United
Premier League
FEATURES

The striker cannot afford to go out clubbing and miss training after the dire season he and United have had - he needs to wake up and grow up

Xavi Hernandez famously once revealed that when you hear a footballer is suffering from gastroenteritis "you think there's something else going on". At Manchester United gastroenteritis has been replaced by the word "illness" and in the case of Marcus Rashford missing training this week and not travelling to the FA Cup tie at Newport County, there is definitely something else going on.

Rashford may well have been feeling too sick to train on Friday but we can surmise that he was not suffering from a cold or a sore throat. It was revealed that the England striker had been in Belfast during the week seeing old friend Ro-Shaun Williams and had gone nightclubbing, not once but twice.

Rashford had been given a day off on Thursday and there was no issue with him going out to see Williams after Wednesday's training session, even with him being seen at Laverty's bar in the Belfast city centre. The problem was he was seen at Thompson's Garage nightclub later on Wednesday and then again on Thursday, not leaving until the early hours of Friday morning. He would have got only minimal sleep before returning to Manchester on a private jet at 8am on Friday.

Article continues below

It was hardly ideal preparation for a full training session and he did not even make it through the doors at Carrington. It is far from his first trespass and he has given Erik ten Hag yet another disciplinary problem to resolve, just two weeks after finally seeing the back of Jadon Sancho.

Ten Hag is not the only person Rashford is disrespecting with his juvenile behaviour. He is shirking the responsibility that comes with being a senior member of United's squad as well as the club's highest paid player. He is also letting down the fans. But most of all, he is letting himself down...

Getty
No room to mess around now

Rashford's trip to Belfast is not the first time he has made negative headlines for his lack of discipline. He turned up late for a team meeting before the visit to Wolves last season and was dropped from the starting line-up by Ten Hag. However, he was in such good form at the time that the Dutchman could not make a real example of him and, with the score 0-0 at half-time, he turned to Rashford, who went on to win the game.

All was forgiven and Ten Hag lovingly embraced him after the game, when Rashford opened up on the reason for his punishment: oversleeping. This was the season that Rashford scored 30 goals in all competitions and for a three-month period he was one of the hottest forwards in the world. The odd indiscretion could therefore be brushed aside.

But this season his form has fallen off a cliff. He has just four goals and has slipped out of the starting line-up due to his consistently bad performances, losing his place on the left of the attack to the effervescent Alejandro Garnacho.

He has been one of the main culprits in United's miserable season and the fact they are eighth in the Premier League and finished bottom of their Champions League group. In other words, he does not have the wiggle room he had last year and he cannot afford to mess about.

Advertisement
NEXT MATCH
Premier League
MANCHESTER UNITED
30 Dec 2024
20:00
NEWCASTLE
Match Preview
Getty Images
Clubbing after derby defeat

And yet he keeps messing around. After the 3-0 defeat to Manchester City in October he went out to a nightclub to celebrate his birthday. There was no suggestion of misbehaviour or over-indulgence and he was with his family. But it sent out the wrong message. A humiliating thrashing to your local rivals is no cause to celebrate and certainly not in public. A player that has grown up in Manchester and spent his life with United should have known better.

When Real Madrid were hammered 4-0 by Atletico Madrid in 2015, Iker Casillas and Sergio Ramos opted against going to Cristiano Ronaldo's birthday party later that night. When word got out that Madrid's players had partied after such a heavy loss, the Spanish media had a field day and the fallout led to their results nosediving, with them ending the season empty-handed while Barcelona won the treble.

Ten Hag made it clear how he felt about Rashford's indiscretion after the derby, labelling his actions "unacceptable". That should have sent out a warning to Rashford. But just three months later he has done it again. And his latest infraction is far worse as it led to him missing training.

Getty Images
Struggling for consistency

What is most frustrating about Rashford's behaviour is that it indicates a lack of hunger to keep proving his quality. Since breaking into United's first team in 2016 at the age of 18 he has looked like he had the makings of a top class player without ever being truly world class.

Until last season he had only once passed the 20-goal per season barrier. He has been a good player for England without ever being a nailed-on starter for Gareth Southgate. And just two seasons ago there were serious doubts about where his career was going.

He had been reeling from the effects of having back surgery and looked shorn of confidence as well as unhappy. Everything changed in the summer of 2022, when, before pre-season began, he went on an intense training camp at Nike's headquarters in Oregon to work on his explosivity.

His hard work paid off and last season he was truly incredible, scoring 30 goals and adding 11 assists, firing United to their first trophy in six years and back into the Champions League. He used his form as a negotiating tool when discussing a new contract with United and eventually sealed a bumper deal that made him the club's highest-paid player, earning an estimated £375,000 ($476,000) per week . His off-the-pitch charity work and the courage he showed to take on the Conservative government over school meals made him an excellent ambassador for United, the type of asset they were desperate to keep.

Getty
Show some responsibility

Some suggested at the time that his upsurge in form was a classic case of a footballer playing for a new contract and that his resurgence would not last. For whatever reason, he has gone backwards since signing the contract.

Rashford, of course, is not playing badly on purpose and he has appeared very frustrated with his drop in form, often looking angry and dejected on the pitch. But only he can turn things around and going out clubbing is not the way to do it.

On one level his night out was refreshing. A footballer letting his hair down and spending time with one of his old friends. The choice of venue in Belfast, hardly a clubbing mecca, was also intriguing. Thompson's Garage is regarded as a rough-and-ready night out, not the type of exclusive venue where elite footballers are normally seen.

But if Rashford wants to keep moving forward as a footballer and make his performances of last season a trend rather than an anomaly, he needs to grow up and show some responsibility.

Getty
Testing Ten Hag's authority

He has shown in the past that he is capable of knuckling down and working hard and when he is at peak fitness and focus, he can be unstoppable. Remember his slalom run goal against Burnley and how he tore his way through Barcelona at the Camp Nou.

Then contrast that with his miserable displays this season. His anonymous performance at St James' Park tops the bill but he was also poor in the abject defeat at Nottingham Forest, against Brighton, Crystal Palace and City.

However, he was looking to be on the road back. He was exciting against Wigan and dangerous in the 2-2 draw with Tottenham, linking up superbly with Rasmus Hojlund. But he has burned that progress by showing contempt to his team-mates and coach.

He has also tested Ten Hag's authority, giving the coach yet another off-field problem to solve after the Mason Greenwood affair, Antony's alleged behaviour towards women and Sancho speaking out against him on social media. Sancho's departure to Borussia Dortmund on loan removed an unwanted distraction for the manager and the team, yet just two weeks later Rashford has given him more grief.

Getty Images
'He needs strong management'

Perhaps wary of how he may have caused the rift with Sancho by criticising his performance in training in September, Ten Hag was at pains to not discuss Rashford with the media before or after the match at Newport. “He reported ill [on Friday], for the rest, it’s an internal matter. I’ll deal with it,” he said. After repeated questioning from journalists, including on whether Rashford had lied to the club, he responded: "We will deal with it, I will deal with it."

But Ten Hag's silence has not helped the matter go away and Rashford's behaviour was the biggest topic of the day even after a hugely entertaining FA Cup tie. "If it's an internal matter, then you would think something's up. I mean, there's a huge talent in there with Marcus Rashford. And we saw him disciplined last season when he was late for a meeting. But something is clearly wrong," said Alan Shearer on the BBC.

"Either at home, or his relationship with the football club, because he can't keep doing this. It can't waste his talent. It's not right, it needs strong management." Ten Hag has tried to offer 'strong management' after being confronted with what he called a 'no-good culture' when he took over United in 2022.

Standards had been allowed to slip under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Jose Mourinho, with players arriving late "almost every day", according to former midfielder Nemanja Matic. Matic and a few others tried to solve the problem by imposing fines for lateness, collecting £75,000 ($95,000) in one season. Ten Hag has tried to instill a new disciplinary regime but Rashford doesn't seem to be listening.

Getty
It's up to him

"We talk about Man United so much and the off-field problems, not just on-field problems that they have. Marcus needs to understand he is a public figure wherever he goes, there's going to be attention on him whether you get the day off or whatever it is," said Micah Richards.

"Those who come to the game today are focusing on what they need to do and now we're asking what's happening off the pitch. And it's just not been good enough from the whole squad since Erik ten Hag has come to the club."

Is it time for Ten Hag to do what Mikel Arteta did with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and force Rashford out the door, just like he did with Sancho? It would be an incredibly sad end for such a talented boy who has spent his life at the club and who United have invested so much in, but the prospect is becoming more and more likely due to Rashford's insolence.

"You want someone to get hold of him and say 'You know what, you'll get to the end of your career and have huge regrets, you can't have that, you don't need that,'" Shearer added. "And it needs sorting and sorting now because 30 goals last season, four this season. When I see him play a lot of the time, it looks like he's got the world on his shoulders. And for someone with that amount of talent, it needs sorting out because he can't waste it."

Ten Hag and his staff have a role to play, as do the other players, but they cannot babysit Rashford and control how he lives his life. It has to come from him. He was the one who bounced back from a terrible year to prove he could be one of the best players in the world and now he is responsible for his own downfall. Only he can put things right again.

Contact Us
Advertise
Terms of Service
Privacy policy
Careers
Goal App (Android)
Goal App (iOS)
Goal Live
Betting
USA
International (English)
Arabic (العربية)
Argentina (Español)
Australia (English)
Bahrain (English)
Brasil (Português)
Cameroon (English)
Chile (Español)
Colombia (Español)
Dutch (Nederlands)
Egypt (العربية)
France (Français)
Germany (Deutsch)
Ghana (English)
Hungary (Magyar)
India (English)
Indonesia (Indonesia)
Italy (Italiano)
Japanese (日本語)
Kenya (English)
Korea (한국어)
Kuwait (English)
Malaysia (English)
Mexico (Español)
Nigeria (English)
Oman (English)
Qatar (English)
Saudi Arabia (العربية)
Saudi Arabia (English)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Spain (Español)
Tanzania (English)
Thailand (ไทย)
Turkiye (Türkçe)
Uganda (English)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
USA (English)
Vietnam (Tiếng Việt)
Copyright © 2024 Goal All rights reserved. The information contained in Goal may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of Goal

We've Got You Covered!

From today's best stories in soccer to handpicked exclusive features -- all direct to your inbox.

Your email
I accept Footballco’s Terms Of Use and its Privacy Policy.
Sign up to the GOAL newsletter!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.goal.com/en-us/lists/get-it-together-marcus-rashford-no-more-excuses-letting-down-man-utd-wasting-talent/blt5430485149d1e3dc 
 ----- 
