English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / ODI World Cup 2023: England vs New Zealand - Who will win ODI between England and New Zealand?

ODI World Cup 2023: England vs New Zealand - Who will win ODI between England and New Zealand?
The tournament's first match will be the CWC 2019 final between England and New Zealand.

ABHISHEK SANDIKAR
Author

Updated - 04 Oct 2023 11:00 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: 5 October 2023

Time: 2:00 PM IST

Venue: Narendra Modi Stadium, Ahmedabad

Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary: SportsTiger App

Match Preview:


After a wait of four years, the ICC ODI World Cup returns in 2023 with an incredible opening encounter at the Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad. The tournament's first match will be the CWC 2019 final between England and New Zealand. Both times have been performing well but the Three Lions enter this encounter as slight favourites with a recent series win over the Black Caps in England.


Follow: ICC ODI World Cup 2023 Live Score  |  Cricket Match Prediction




Pitch Report:

The Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad has been termed a batting paradise in T20 cricket after the recent IPL season. But in ODI cricket, the ground hasn’t regularly produced massive totals with the average score being 242. The wickets in Ahmedabad tend to be slower in nature but as the game plays through the batters can eventually get set and then score a lot of runs. 

Team Analysis:


England


The defending champions, England have ruled white-ball cricket, especially after winning T20 World Cup in Australia. The baz-ball approach has undoubtedly revolutionised the 50-over game. The English batting lineup is arguably the best with the likes of Jonny Bairstow, Dawid Malan, Jos Buttler and Moeen Ali in top form. The only shortcoming which could hinder the Three Lions’ chances would be the bowling with a weaker spin attack.

SportsTiger Playing XI of England


Jonny Bairstow, Dawid Malan, Joe Root, Ben Stokes, Jos Buttler (c & wk), Moeen Ali, Liam Livingstone, Chris Woakes, Mark Wood, Reece Topley, Adil Rashid




Also Read: ODI World Cup 2023: England vs New Zealand - Odds, Match Prediction, Win Possibility, and More




New Zealand 

On the other hand, the New Zealand team hasn’t been at their best with a continued absence of players due to injuries. The Blackcaps will further miss stars like Kane Williamson and Tim Southee, who could miss several games in the tournament. But despite these concerns, the Kiwis have turned up with a squad of quality players, who have a lot of experience in Indian conditions. Despite having a great batting lineup, the Kiwi bowlers could be under the pump, especially the spinners.

SportsTiger Playing XI of New Zealand 


Devon Conway, Will Young, Tom Latham (c & wk), Daryl Mitchell, Glenn Phillips, Mark Chapman, Rachin Ravindra, Mitchell Santner, Matt Henry, Lockie Ferguson, Trent Boult

Match Prediction:


  


Conclusion:


England has a better chance to win this fixture and defeat New Zealand to start the ICC ODI World Cup 2023 with a win.

Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.


ICC ODI World Cup 2023
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

07 January 2025

WATCH: Sushila Meena, who impressed Sachin Tendulkar with Zaheer Khan-like bowling, dismisses Rajyavardhan Rathore

07 January 2025

WATCH: Mohammed Shami drills hard in nets ahead of 2025 Champions Trophy

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/odi-world-cup-2023-england-vs-new-zealand-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-match-between-england-and-new-zealand-eng-vs-nz-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
