SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
WASTEFUL TURKEY SEAL NARROW WIN OVER MONTENEGRO TO GO TOP OF NATIONS LEAGUE GROUP
Wasteful Turkey seal narrow win over Montenegro to go top of Nations League group
Rory Baird,
11.10.2024 20:51
Turkey celebrate Irfan Can's goal
OMER TAHA CETIN / ANADOLU / Anadolu via AFP
Turkey went two points clear at the top of League B Group A in the UEFA Nations League with a 1-0 victory over Montenegro at the Samsun 19 Mayıs Stadyumu. The Brave Falcons have now lost each of their last five matches, scoring only twice in the process.

Turkey came into this game in fine form having lost just one of the last five matches (W3, D1), and they went close inside the opening minute through captain Hakan Çalhanoğlu, whose effort from distance was denied by a fantastic Igor Nikić save.

The Crescent-Stars continued to pile pressure on the visitors throughout the opening stages of the first half, with Nikić being called into action twice to deny Barış Alper Yilmaz, who went close with two headers.

Kerem Akturkoglu tussles with Montenegro players
AA/ABACA / Abaca Press / Profimedia

Vincenzo Montella’s side were incredibly dominant in the first half, but they struggled to break down the resilient Montenegro defence, with Nikić being called upon again with just under 10 minutes remaining, denying Orkun Kökçü after the midfielder looked to find the bottom-right corner from the edge of the area.

The start of the second period saw Turkey continue to dominate possession, going close to taking the lead just three minutes after the restart when Nikić managed to scramble back across goal to make the save from Kökçü.

The SL Benfica midfielder went close yet again just over 10 minutes after the break, this time managing to beat the goalkeeper only to be denied by the foot of the post as he looked to find the bottom-right corner.

Match stats
Flashscore

The deadlock was finally broken with just over 20 minutes to play though, as substitute Irfan Can Kahveci poked the ball into an empty net from a yard out after Kenan Yildiz struck the inside of the post.

Çalhanoğlu went close with just five minutes to play when he found himself free inside the box, firing across goal as he looked to find the bottom-left corner, only to be denied by Nikić yet again.

The home side saw the game out from there to move two points clear at the top of the group. Meanwhile, Montenegro remain rooted to the bottom of the group after losing all of their opening three matches.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Hakan Çalhanoğlu (Turkey)

Check out the match summary with Flashscore.

MENTIONS
Football
UEFA Nations League
Turkey
Montenegro
Related Articles
Late Dumfries goal snatches point for 10-man Netherlands against Hungary
11.10.2024 20:46
'Sure bet' Zubimendi can replace Rodri, says Spain's De la Fuente
11.10.2024 19:17
Editors' Picks: International football takes centre stage as Pogacar targets further glory
11.10.2024 16:26
Show more
Football
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
8 h ago
Updated
Unal scores late stunner as Bournemouth snatch point from stubborn West Ham
8 h ago
Inter sparkle in six-goal thrashing of Lazio to keep pace with Serie A title chasers
9 h ago
Napoli lose defender Buongiorno for up to two months due to spinal fractures
10 h ago
Spain drawn into group with Italy, Belgium and Portugal for UEFA Women's EURO 2025
11 h ago
Updated
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
12 h ago
Foden says Manchester City players still believe in Guardiola despite recent struggles
12 h ago
Rafael Louzan elected new head of Spanish FA after year of turmoil
14 h ago
RB Salzburg sack head coach Lijnders after poor first-half of season
15 h ago
Women's players to receive share of prize money for first time at Euro 2025
15 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Three Premier League talking points as Manchester City's crisis deepens
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/turkey-montenegro-report-2024-11-10/0Q21KHHs/ 
 ----- 
