dailyrecord
Load mobile navigation
BUY A PAPER
ROAD RECORD
PROPERTY
PUBLIC NOTICES
COMPETITIONS
HOROSCOPES
DEALS
FUNERAL NOTICES
JOBS
CROSSWORDS
ADVERTISE WITH US
NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
Scotland 3 Norway 3 RECAP as grinning John McGinn jokes qualifying early 'isn't like us'
A six goal thriller ended our Euro qualifying campaign in typical Scotland style at Hampden.
Bookmark
SHARE
ByMatthew FultonBen Banks
Scotland v Norway - Best Of The Euro 2024 Action
Scotland v Norway - Best Of The Euro 2024 Action
0 seconds of 1 minute, 43 secondsVolume 90%
 
SCOTLAND V NORWAY - BEST OF THE EURO 2024 ACTION

The highs and lows of Scotland's EURO 2024 qualifying campaign haven't been lost on any of the Tartan Army.

And the curtain call ding-dong against foes Norway proved to be in the exact flavour of chaos as it has been for Steve Clarke's men. It all started in the wrong tone when the Scotland defence gave Aron Donnum too much room in the area to slam past Zander Clark despite a deflection after just three minutes.

In typical Hampden fashion the Scots were roared back in to it when John McGinn could make no mistake from 12 yards after a handball was awarded inside the area. Yet seven minutes later and an even crueller ricochet saw Larsen able to poke home as the ball agonisingly dribbled home.

The Scots got the break of the ball when Ostigard converted in to his own net to end a thrilling four-punch tussle after 45 minutes. The second half went at Scotland's pace, and in our favour, when delightful play around the area saw McGinn turn provider for Stuart Armstrong to put an exclamation point on the game.

It looked to be heading for another priceless tactical game of chess for Clarke before a familiar face in Moi Elyounoussi popped up with a header before the end to share the spoils and put a dent in to our party. Nevertheless, Scotland ARE going to next summer's finals in Germany and it's cause for massive celebration at Hampden.

Relieve the six-goal thriller as it happened with us on our LIVE blog!

KEY EVENTS
FULL-TIME! Scotland 3 Norway 3
GOAL! Scotland 3 Norway 3
GOAL! Scotland 3 Norway 2
RESTART! Scotland 2 Norway 2
HALF-TIME! Scotland 2 Norway 2
22:41
ROBBIE COPELAND
Clarke reacts
Steve Clarke celebrates (Image: SNS Group)

Steve Clarke joked he couldn’t fully enjoy Scotland’s Hampden Euro 2024 qualification lap of honour because he was still raging at Norway’s late goal that denied them victory in their final Group A game.

FULL STORY HERE

22:03
ROBBIE COPELAND
'This isn't like us!' - McGinn

John McGinn jokes it's not like us to qualify with this little fuss.

But if that's the way it's going to be from now on, then bring it on.

A bit disappointing not to get the win. First half wasn't great from our point of view. Probably lucky to go in level. Good second half and disappointing to concede the goal late on. The main thing is we're going to Germany.




We have games now to prepare until then. There was a lot said about Erling Haaland and Martin Odegaard missing, but we had a lot missing tonight too and that can't be forgotten. Qualifying the last time was incredible. This time has been strange. It's not like us to qualify early. We've got a platform to build on now."

21:56
MATTHEW FULTON
Our pot status confirmed

Scotland will be in Pot three at Euro 2024 after a thrilling 3-3 draw with Norway rounded off an historic qualifying campaign.

It was a Tartan Army party despite dropping points against the Norwegians as Steve Clarke and his team had already long-since made sure of qualification. Five wins on the spin, including that famous victory over Spain at Hampden, set us on our way. And while Alvaro Morata and co got their own back in Sevilla and paused the party somewhat, their victory over Norway a few days later meant that our place in Germany was mathematically secure.

READ MORE:

21:55
MATTHEW FULTON
5 talking points as Euro party underway

Former Celtic man Moi Elyounoussi struck late but he couldn't spoil the Hampden Euro 2024 party as Norway ended Scotland's perfect home qualifying record in a 3-3 thriller.

Scotland kick off Euro 2024 party as McGinn and Armstrong on target in 6 goal Hampden thriller - 5 talking points

21:46
FRASER WILSON
The Scotland player ratings
Stuart Armstrong celebrates (Image: SNS Group)

ZANDER CLARK 5

No chance with opener and deceived by deflection on cross ahead of Larsen’s goal. Good save from Berge but caught out from cross at third goal.

NATHAN PATTERSON 7

Unlucky as opener clipped off his shin. Brilliant block denied Donnum just before break. Drove forward at will and deliveries were dangerous.

JACK HENDRY 5

Lost physical fight with Larsen at opener and wrong side of same player at second goal. Used ball well but had better nights defensively.

SCOTT McKENNA 6

Had hands full with the powerful Larsen and gave as good as he got but has now been in backline that’s shipped 11 goals in the last four outings.

GREG TAYLOR 5

Couldn’t get close enough as both Norway’s first half goals came from crosses on his side and struggled against Man City wonderkid Oscar Bobb.

KENNY McLEAN 6

Crucial flick on McTominay corner led to Ostigard own goal. Kept busy going back the way by Bobb and replaced by Ferguson with 21 minutes left.

CALLUM McGREGOR 7

Midfield marshall won penalty when half volley was blocked. Tidy use of ball kept things ticking over and is almost taken for granted now but key on night like this.

STUART ARMSTRONG 7

Strong run and drive almost handed Scots half-time lead. Quiet evening came to life with brilliant one-two with McGinn and composed finish at third goal.

SCOTT McTOMINAY 6

Frustrated early on but grew into game and second goal all about his delivery from corner. Kept driving forward without getting any joy in front of goal.

JOHN McGINN 7

Skipper dragged Scotland to life as he won free kick that led to penalty before slotting home spot kick. Set up Armstrong for winner before hobbling off.

JACOB BROWN 5

First international start for Luton striker who worked hard but fresh aired his one big chance after 58 minutes and spent more time helping out midfield.

SUBS:

LYNDON DYKES 3

On for Brown with 21 minutes to go and put himself about.

LEWIS FERGUSON 3

Replaced McLean on 69 minutes and looked to get on ball but without much impact.

RYAN CHRISTIE 2

On for Armstrong with 21 minutes to go. Allowed cross for third goal too easily.

RYAN JACK 2

Gave McGinn a breather on 79 minutes and kept things simple.

LAWRENCE SHANKLAND 1

Replaced McGregor in 89th minute but no late heroics this time.

21:37
KEY EVENT
FULL-TIME! Scotland 3 Norway 3
Stuart Armstrong celebrates (Image: PA)

A campaign of thrills comes to an end in one for the neutrals at Hampden.

It went back and forth with the nation behind twice and Armstrong's strike looked to have won it before Elyounoussi's later header.

It's all a little moo though as one thing remains - WE'RE OFF TO GERMANY!

21:33
BEN BANKS
Almost a howler

Selvik playing with fire there a little with Dykes close at hand closing down.

The Norway keeper takes his time clearing his lines and narrowly avoids the striker charging down a block.

Would have been a suitably chaotic end to a game of twists and turns.

21:32
BEN BANKS
Into stoppage time

Shankland is on to try and find Scotland a winner.

He replaced McGregor as Clarke holds nothing back in searching for a winner.

Will he find one? Five minutes added on.

21:29
MATTHEW FULTON
A familiar foe

We said before the game Moi Elyounoussi knows about hitting the back of the net at Hampden.

And the former Celtic man doesn't hesitate to take something of a gift at the back post which takes the wind somewhat out of Scotland's sails and seemed avoidable.

21:28
KEY EVENT
GOAL! Scotland 3 Norway 3

It's a leveller from a familiar face!

Elyounoussi is on hand to head into an empty net from a Norway cross.

Clark can't come and claim it as it came across his box and the former Celtic winger has the simple task of heading home. A sucker punch for Scotland after a good half at the back.

21:27
BEN BANKS
Nearly moment

That looked like it was about to open up for Scotland.

Good work by Christie and Jack can't get the shot off.

21:24
MATTHEW FULTON
Gazing

Norway's dangerous flurry is being watched with keen interest from the subs who abandon their warm up to chit-chat and watch on.

Not much of a chance for many to climb off the bench with less than ten to play.

21:23
BEN BANKS
Coming to a close

10 minutes left for Scotland to see out a double over Norway.

The second half has been the solid side we've come to expect from Clarke's men.

But Clark between the sticks has been forced into another smart stop as they look to take some reward from their finale.

21:20
BEN BANKS
McGinn exits to applause

Hopefully that isn't too bad for McGinn.

He was being readied to come off anyway and is jogging off after holding his knee, as Ryan Jack comes on for him.

Another big-impact shift from the stand-in skipper.

21:20
MATTHEW FULTON
Bad to worse for Kvaradona

It's gone from bad to worse for Kvaradona and Co.

The Spaniards are now 3-1 ahead after an own goal by Lochosvilli.

21:16
MATTHEW FULTON
Beaming Broony

Scott Brown takes in the action just in front of the press box and might remember back to ten years ago this night when we beat Norway in friendly action in Molde. The midfielder netted in that 1-0 win.

Totally different kettle of fish for the man who left the Cods last month. He will be watching with a keen eye as he weighs up his next move in management.

21:16
BEN BANKS
Making a fuss

Dykes instantly comes on to try and create some havoc.

He scampers over to the left-hand side to try and bring the ball down but can't quite manage it, although Scotland win a free-kick in their own half.

A chance to relieve any lingering pressure.

21:14
MATTHEW FULTON
No conferring

Stale Solbakken hasn't conferred with his Norwegian bench at all in this second half.

While Scotland's bench are in constant communication with instructions being passed back and forth between Carver and Clarke.

It's a stark contrast but Stale might just be watching his stale side.

21:12
BEN BANKS
Clarke looks to the bench

First subs of the night for Scotland.

Dykes, Ferguson and Christie are making their way onto the park for the final 20 minutes.

Armstrong, Brown and McLean make way.

21:09
BEN BANKS
Clearing lines

Ryerson's ball into the box is a good one but it's well cleared by the Scotland backline.

Now they take their turn to keep the ball and look to pick off Norway when they can.

21:09
MATTHEW FULTON
Triple it up

Steve Clarke is preparing a triple sub here and the boss is not being shy of his attacking intent with Dykes, Ferguson and Christie getting ready.

21:07
BEN BANKS
Attacking pushes

It doesn't amount to watch but Norway keep the ball.

Berge runs it back into Scotland territory and wins the corner but again, it's cleared.

21:07
MATTHEW FULTON
Chase yerself Ferran

Ferran Torres has put Spain ahead and in the driving seat to top the group.

It's not by any stretch of the imagination dampening things here at Hampden. The fans are in full voice after that superb goal from Armstrong.

21:05
BEN BANKS
Looking for instant reply

Norway go looking for an immediate response to falling behind by pushing up the park.

It's McGinn who is left sliding to put in a last-ditch challenge but he's picked up a sore one doing so, albeit he's back up on his feet.

Corner Norway.

21:02
MATTHEW FULTON
The hard yards

Scotland were backed in to the corner and seconds later Armstrong fired home.

It's possibly one of the best worked goals you'll see from this Scotland side as McGinn and the scorer link-up effortlessly to smash the Norwegians.

Steve Clarke was deep in discussion with his bench as that one went in but he's full on delighted with the attacking product.

21:00
KEY EVENT
GOAL! Scotland 3 Norway 2
Stuart Armstrong celebrates (Image: SNS Group)

Armstrong!

Terrific roll back into the box by McGinn finds Armstrong again and this time he makes no mistake.

It's cool calm and composed into the corner and Scotland have the lead for the first time tonight!

21:00
BEN BANKS
Stopping danger

Clark gathers the ball after a ball across the box looked dangerous.

This time it's down the left and the Hearts stopper prevents the situation from getting out of hand.

20:58
BEN BANKS
Attempting the audacious

That would have been spectacular from Armstrong but it comes to nothing.

Good work by Brown as he lays the ball off to McGinn, who finds his midfield pal.

His acrobatic shot is wide but a decent effort out of nothing.

20:57
MATTHEW FULTON
Contemplative Clarke
Scotland manager Steve Clarke (Image: SNS Group)

Steve Clarke was back out of the tunnel quick sharp for the second half and watched on like the great observor before the 45 minute bonanza got underway again.

A contemplative gaffer might now be thinking primarily about how we're going to tackle some of the continent's biggest next summer.

20:55
BEN BANKS
Stop-start

Armstrong gets the chance this time to fizz a ball in but again it comes to nothing.

This one is getting a bit messy with no real flow to the game as fouls and set-pieces break things up.

MORE ON
Scotland Football TeamEuro 2024Hampden ParkLawrence ShanklandErling HaalandSteve Clarke
SPORT
ALL
TOP STORIES
Scots family 'heartbroken' after tragic incident led to losing two dogs in months
DOGS
Scottish Outlander star arrested over foul-mouthed airport rant and cops clash
POLICE
Woman spotted doing yoga in middle of motorway after it shut due to flooding
NATURAL DISASTERS
Why Callum McGregor avoided red card in Rangers rammy as ex ref claims Raskin 'sucked in' by Celtic captain
CELTIC FC
50 Scots squaddies dismissed after testing positive for drugs including ketamine
ROYAL REGIMENT OF SCOTLAND
Chris Sutton warns Philippe Clement 'this could get UGLY' as Rangers boss stares down his last Ibrox dance
PHILIPPE CLEMENT
Scots Orange Hall hit with Pro-IRA graffiti hours before Old Firm clash
SECTARIANISM
Devastated family of Scots great-grandfather killed at crossing in plea for witnesses after tragedy
CAR CRASHES
Ianis Hagi's wild Rangers celebration vs Celtic explained as Clement is second fiddle to unseen figure in dugout melee
IANIS HAGI
Scots cops warn Old Firm thugs 'violence will not be tolerated' ahead of Ibrox clash
POLICE SCOTLAND
Thugs broke in and battered man on Scots island home as cops launch probe
STORNOWAY
Alan Shearer drinks in Rangers vs Celtic as he proves a man of his word with trip to savour 'EPL pair'
SCOTTISH PREMIERSHIP
NEWS
SPORT
CELEBS
LIFE & STYLE
FOLLOW US
mynewsassistant
In Your Area
About Us
Contact Us
Work for us
Got A Story?
Local News
Cookie Notice
Advertising
Marketplace
Book an Ad
Marketplace
Beauty Box Subscription
Yimbly Shop
Jobs
Buy a Photo
Competition Rules
How to Complain
Corrections & Clarifications
Google Survey
Privacy Notice
AI Notice
Sunday Mail Centenary Fund
Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail
Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express
Newsletters Signup
Syndication & Licensing
Terms and Conditions
Notifications and alerts help
© 2024 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/sport/football/football-news/scotland-vs-norway-live-score-31477482 
 ----- 
