Skip to main content
Menu
Live

News / Sport

Jacob Brown starts as Scotland team to face Norway named

Steve Clarke has made his selection for the final Euro 2024 qualifier.

SNS Group
Opportunity: Steve Clarke has handed Jacob Brown a start at Hampden.
Andy Coyle
19th Nov 2023
Share this story
Copy Link

Steve Clarke has named his Scotland side to face Norway, with Stoke forward Jacob Brown handed his first start.

Scotland have already booked their place at Euro 2024 with two games to spare but round off their qualifying campaign at the national stadium on Sunday night.

Clarke has stressed the importance of building momentum towards the finals and getting back in the winning habit after four games without a victory. He’ll see his side go up against a Norway team that’s without striker Erling Haaland, after the Manchester City forward injured his foot in a friendly last week.

Clarke has had injury problems to contend with himself over this international break, deprived of a number of key players. Goalkeeper Angus Gunn, captain Andy Robertson, defenders Aaron Hickey and Kieran Tierney, as well as forward Che Adams are all missing.

Ad

That prompted a change of shape to a four-man defence for the 2-2 draw in Georgia on Thursday. The manager has gone with the same again against Norway, though Jack Hendry has replaced Ryan Porteous in the back line.

There’s also been change further up the park, where Billy Gilmour, Ryan Christie and Lyndon Dykes drop out and Stuart Armstrong, Kenny McLean and Brown come in.

🔢 Steve Clarke makes four changes to tonight's line-up.

Ready for one last run out at Hampden Park to end the campaign 💪#SCONOR pic.twitter.com/WbWz8aUakE

— Scotland National Team (@ScotlandNT) November 19, 2023

Scotland start with Zander Clark in goal and a back four of Greg Taylor, Scott McKenna, Hendry and Nathan Patterson.

Scott McTominay and Callum McGregor look to be anchoring the midfield, with captain John McGinn, McLean and Armstrong all playing behind lone striker Brown.

Ad

Robby McCrorie, Liam Kelly, Anthony Ralston, Josh Doig, Liam Cooper, Lyndon Dykes, Lawrence Shankland, Ryan Christie, Billy Gilmour, Ryan Porteous, Lewis Ferguson and Ryan Jack ar ethe named substitutes.

STV News is now on WhatsApp

Get all the latest news from around the country

Follow STV News
More on this story
Mixed feelings for Steve Clarke as Erling Haaland misses Hampden clash
Posted in
Football
Scotland National Football Team
Today's Top Stories
LIVE
Travel disruption continues as warnings for snow and ice hit Scotland
Sport
Rangers stun Celtic with 3-0 Old Firm derby win at Ibrox
Scotland
Delight for stargazers as Northern Lights dazzle skies on New Year's Day
Glasgow & West
Investigation launched after schoolboy found seriously injured on e-bike
Glasgow & West
Elderly man dies in hospital two days after being struck by car
North East & Tayside
University staff balloted on strike action over proposed job cuts
Politics
Scotland’s prisoners served better food than hospital patients, Scottish Tories say
Popular Videos
INSIGHT
Scotland braces for tumultuous weather to end 2024 amid freezing start to 2025 
Glasgow & West
Legal action launched after two 'nightmare' double-decker bus crashes
Highlands & Islands
Nurse recalls attending MND lecture unaware she already had the disease
Scotland
Drunk Scotland fan falls onto train tracks after 'trying to kick pigeon'
Edinburgh & East
Executive killed in plane crash days before Christmas was 'passionate' pilot
Latest in Football
Football
Bruce Anderson’s brace earns Kilmarnock victory over St Mirren
Football
Hearts claim much-needed win as early Musa Drammeh goal downs Motherwell
Football
Team news: Rangers and Celtic line-ups revealed for Ibrox showdown
Football
Callum McGregor on quest to ensure Celtic always deliver on the big occasion
Football
Gary Mackay defends Hearts chair Ann Budge ahead of planned fan protests
Football
Hearts sign striker Elton Kabangu from Union Saint-Gilloise
Football
Jack Butland out of Old Firm derby after needing hospital treatment
Trending Now
UK & International
Driver behind New Orleans terror attack 'acted alone', say FBI
UK & International
Fireworks and gas canisters found in Tesla that exploded outside Trump hotel
UK & International
Stormzy banned from driving for nine months after using mobile phone
Where to now?
Player
Competitions
What’s on TV
Appeal
Follow us on X / Twitter
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on WhatsApp
Follow us on Instagram
Who we are
Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Contact Us
Cookie Notice
Manage your Privacy Settings

Copyright © 2007-2025 STV. All rights reserved.

Back to top
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://news.stv.tv/sport/jacob-brown-starts-as-scotland-team-to-face-norway-at-hampden-named 
 ----- 
