edinburghlive
Load mobile navigation
FUNERAL NOTICES
PUBLIC NOTICES
JOBS
ADVERTISE WITH US
CONTACT US
NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
Scotland 3 Norway 3 as Steve Clarke's side put on superb attacking display on EURO party day
Scotland drew 3-3 with Norway on Sunday evening to show their attacking prowess against a solid side.
Bookmark
SHARE
Comments
ByWill LancasterFreelance Sports Reporter
GLASGOW, SCOTLAND - NOVEMBER 19: Scotland's John McGinn celebrates after making it 1-1 during a UEFA Euro 2024 Qualifier between Scotland and Norway at Hampden Park, on November 19, 2023, in Glasgow, Scotland. (Photo by Paul Devlin / SNS Group)

It was a cracking display for Scotland in their 3-3 draw against Norway at Hampden Park on Sunday evening - but now real preparations will begin ahead of what promises to be a busy summer at EURO 2024.

Tartan Army celebrations were stifled just three minutes into the game when Aron Donnum scored to leave fans wondering how many goals would follow, and they weren't to be disappointed when John McGinn scored from the spot after a Callum McGregor strike was handled in the area. Norway regained the lead not long after when Jorgen Strand Larsen tapped home on the line, but an own goal by Leo Ostigard had the scores level again heading into the break.

Stuart Armstrong then put Scotland ahead for the first time on the hour mark after some outstanding work in winning the ball back, and it looked for all the world that Scotland would go and win yet again in the groups - but former Celtic man Moi Elyounoussi returned to Glasgow to quash any further joy on a day of celebration with a header late on. It matters little in terms of the group standings - and Edinburgh Live takes a look at three major talking points.

READ MORE: Hearts announce record turnover of £20.8m as club release details for upcoming AGM at Tynecastle

READ MORE: Craig Gordon and Craig Halkett Hearts return timeline as squad update issued by Steven Naismith

Shankland snub

After his goal against Georgia in midweek, Lawrence Shankland was earmarked for a start against Norway as a result of his strong form for Hibs and Lyndon Dykes failing to produce the form he's capable of in a Scotland shirt.

TOP STORIES
1
Sheridan Smith 'axes tell-all book' after reunion with ex James Corden
2
David Beckham snubbed for knighthood in New Year's Honours after 'leaked email rant'
3
Edinburgh eatery announces closure just months after moving location

Instead, the starting berth up front was awarded to Jacob Brown, and it's a call that Steve Clarke got horribly wrong. The Luton Town star was ineffective up front, missing a sitter on the hour mark, and then Dykes was subbed on in his place.

It's only Steve Clarke that will know what Shankland has to do to earn at least more than three minutes on the field, but with goals in his last three games against the Old Firm and one in Georgia, there's not a lot more he CAN do. A real puzzler.

Never say die

Two early Norway goals, even with John McGinn's penalty separating the two, would've seen Scotland teams of old roll over and not do much to turn around the defeat.

But that was the old Scotland, and they're nowhere to be seen at the minute. This team do not know when they're beaten even in a game that didn't hold too much in terms of vitality.

The fight and desire shown for Stuart Armstrong's goal was indicative of the ethos that Steve Clarke has pumped into the side in the past few years, and a late equaliser doesn't rule that fact out with practically a second team on the pitch.

Long may that continue with a major tournament on the horizon!

McGin-jured

One of the negative aspects of the win is that John McGinn went off injured just minutes before the end.

The Aston Villa star looked to be holding his knee after an innocuous tackle inside the Norway half, before he handed the captain's armband over and hobbled off.

It won't matter much now with the Euros coming up at the end of the season but if he does spend some time out, it certainly won't be a positive come Germany time.

If anything, it will mean Steve Clarke might wrap him up in cotton wool in the fixtures just before the tournament - especially after a gruelling Premier League season and likely a deep run into the Europa Conference League for the Birmingham-based club.

Follow EdinburghLive
Facebook
X (Twitter)
Comment
MORE ON
Scotland National Football TeamSteve Clarke
SPORT
ALL
TOP STORIES
Edinburgh man became fortune teller after surprise gift from his aunt
PEOPLE
Unearthed footage by Edinburgh teenager gives glimpse of city 50 years ago
MORNINGSIDE
East Lothian family 'heartbroken' after losing two dogs in span of months
EAST LOTHIAN
East Lothian grapples with 'lazy' fly tippers as incidents rise in 2024
EAST LOTHIAN
Foreign Office issues urgent warning as US travel advice for Brits updated
TRAFFIC AND TRAVEL
Images reveal shocking disrepair of West Lothian council homes
WEST LOTHIAN
Woman vanishes without trace - Google Maps uncovers chilling truth two years later
GOOGLE
Foreign Office issues urgent warning as US travel advice for Brits updated
TRAFFIC AND TRAVEL
The baby names on brink of extinction in 2025 - including once-loved classic
PEOPLE
Edinburgh National Galleries launches 'once-in-a-lifetime' Turner art exhibition
NATIONAL GALLERIES SCOTLAND
BBC Gavin and Stacey fans thrilled as unseen fishing trip footage finally released in farewell show
BBC
ITV GMB fans demand 'immediate sacking' of host after 'fat-shaming' jibe
ITV
NEWS
BEST IN EDINBURGH
HIBS
HEARTS
FOLLOW US
In Your Area
mynewsassistant
Contact Us
Beauty Box Subscription
Yimbly Shop
About Us
Work for us
Advertise with Us
Public Notices
Competition Rules
How to Complain
Corrections and Clarifications
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Notice
AI Notice
Cookie Notice
Newsletter Signup
Syndication & Licensing
RSS feeds
© 2024 MGN Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.edinburghlive.co.uk/sport/scotland-3-norway-3-steve-28136651 
 ----- 
