TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Download Our App
Home
TV
What channel is Scotland v Norway Euro 2024 qualifier match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What channel is Scotland v Norway Euro 2024 qualifier match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

Check out how to watch Scotland v Norway in the Euro 2024 qualifiers, including TV channel, radio coverage and kick-off time.

Getty Images
Ned Holmes
Published: Saturday, 18 November 2023 at 0:00 pm
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

Scotland will look to cap off their Euro 2024 qualifying campaign in style when they host Norway at Hampden Park on Sunday.

Steve Clarke's side have already secured their place at next summer's tournament in Germany so the pressure is off, which could mean a party atmosphere when Erling Haaland and co. visit this weekend.

The presence of Spain and Norway meant Group A looked like a challenging proposition for the Scots when the draw was made but led by goal machine Scott McTominay, they have stepped up to the challenge.

Watch Scotland v Norway on viaplay

Clarke's side have produced some stunning performances – including a late win in Oslo and a 2-0 victory at home to Spain – and will hope for one more in front of the Hampden crowd.

The Scotland boss will be without some key players, including skipper Andy Robertson, first-choice goalkeeper Angus Gunn, and defensive mainstay Kieran Tierney, and has challenged the fringe players set to replace them to make their mark during the international break.

More like this
What channel is Norway v Scotland Euro 2024 qualifier match on? Kick-off time, TV coverage and live stream details

RadioTimes.com has rounded up everything you need to know about how to watch Scotland v Norway on TV and online.

Read more football features: Best players in the world | Best players of all time | Live football on TV today | Premier League TV schedule | Championship TV schedule

When is Scotland v Norway?

Scotland v Norway will take place on Sunday 19th November 2023.

Check out our live football on TV guide for the latest times and information.

Scotland v Norway kick-off time

Scotland v Norway will kick off at 7:45pm.

What TV channel is Scotland v Norway on?

You can watch the game live on Viaplay Sports 1, formerly Premier Sports.

Viaplay Sports is a monthly or annual subscription service available for brand new customers or it can be added to existing Virgin Media and Sky TV packages.

Sign up to watch Viaplay from £11.99 per month with an annual subscription
How to live stream Scotland v Norway online

Viaplay customers can live stream the game on a variety of devices including most smart TVs, smartphones and tablets as part of their subscription.

Listen to Scotland v Norway on radio

You can listen to the match on BBC Radio 5 Scotland.

BBC Radio 5 Scotland is available on DAB radio or you can tune into the station via most TV packages. You can also listen to BBC Radio 5 Scotland via the BBC website or BBC Sounds app.

Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Scotland v Norway odds

In working partnership with the Radio Times, bet365 has provided the following betting odds for this event:

bet365 odds: Scotland (TBC) Draw (TBC) Norway (TBC)*

For all the latest football odds and more, visit bet365 today. Bet £10 & Get £30 in Free Bets for new customers at bet365.

Min deposit requirement. Free Bets are paid as Bet Credits and are available for use upon settlement of bets to value of qualifying deposit. Min odds, bet and payment method exclusions apply. Returns exclude Bet Credits stake. Time limits and T&Cs apply.

*Odds subject to change. 18+. T&Cs apply. BeGambleAware.org. Note – The bonus code RT365 does not change the offer amount in any way.

If you're looking for something else to watch, check out our TV Guide or Streaming Guide, or visit our Sport hub for all the latest news.

Try Radio Times magazine today and get 10 issues for only £10 – subscribe now and celebrate the 60th anniversary of Doctor Who with a special issue of Radio Times. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
Ned Holmes
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is Norway v Scotland Euro 2024 qualifier match on? Kick-off time, TV coverage and live stream details
What channel is Netherlands v Scotland international match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is Norway v Scotland Euro 2024 qualifier match on? Kick-off time, TV coverage and live stream details
What channel is Netherlands v Scotland international match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Georgia v Scotland Euro 2024 qualifier match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Scotland v Northern Ireland international match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Win a trip to see The Railway Children

with Bradford City of Culture 2025. One Radio Times reader will win a wonderful trip for four to see The Railway Children. As well as tickets to the show, you will enjoy an overnight stay in a Suite at the four-star Cedar Court Hotel Bradford

ENTER NOW
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2025
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/scotland-norway-euro-2024-qualifier-preview/ 
 ----- 
