Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
AFRICA
AFCON 2024
AFCON 2024: Host Côte d'Ivoire wins opening match against Guinea-Bissau

Seko Fofana's stunning early goal set Côte d'Ivoire on the way to a 2-0 win over Guinea-Bissau before a euphoric crowd as the Africa Cup of Nations kicked off on Saturday.

Le Monde with AFP

Published on January 14, 2024, at 12:13 am (Paris), updated on January 17, 2024, at 11:11 am 

2 min read

Côte d'Ivoire's midfielder #6 Seko Fofana eyes the ball during the Africa Cup of Nations (CAN) 2024 group A football match between Ivory Coast and Guinea-Bissau at the Alassane-Ouattara Olympic Stadium in Ebimpé, Abidjan, on January 13, 2024. ISSOUF SANOGO / AFP

Seko Fofana's stunning early goal set host Côte d'Ivoire on the way to a 2-0 win over Guinea-Bissau before a euphoric crowd as the Africa Cup of Nations kicked off on Saturday, January 13.

Saudi-based Fofana scored within four minutes at the Ebimpé Olympic Stadium, on the northern outskirts of Côte d'Ivoire's economic capital Abidjan. It was a goal worthy of winning almost any game but it was followed by Jean-Philippe Krasso's second-half strike as the Elephants claimed all three points in the Group A encounter.

Read more AFCON 2024: Egyptian and South African footballers, legends on their own turf

They were by far the better team, albeit against one of the tournament's minnows, as they look to make the most of home advantage to win a third AFCON crown.

"We have been waiting for this moment for a very long time. We didn't fall into any trap, we won the game, and even if not everything was perfect we are very pleased," said Fofana, who was named the man of the match. "We will keep working humbly and try to correct the little errors we made, but I thought we played well. "We are very pleased to have given everyone who came here something to shout about, as well as everyone who watched us on television."

One source of disappointment for the hosts is that just 36,858 fans attended the game inside a 60,000-seat stadium, with tickets being sold for between 5,000 and 15,000 CFA francs (€8-23). "From what I could see the stadium looked full. We had great support," insisted Fofana.

Côte d'Ivoire's midfielder #6 Seko Fofana (unseen) scores his team's first goal next to Guinea-Bissau's goalkeeper #12 Ouparine Djoco (C) during the Africa Cup of Nations (CAN) 2024 match between Côte d'Ivoire and Guinea-Bissau at the Alassane-Ouattara Olympic Stadium in Ebimpé, Abidjan, on January 13, 2024. FRANCK FIFE / AFP
Côte d'Ivoire's fans celebrate a goal scored by Seko Fofana during the African Cup of Nations Group A football match between Côte d'Ivoire and Guinea-Bissau in Abidjan, on January 13, 2024. THEMBA HADEBE / AP
Raucous opening ceremony

Those fans who were there were treated to a raucous opening ceremony, a riot of color and noise which featured a rendition of the tournament's official song by the popular Ivorian group Magic System.

There were also speeches by FIFA president Gianni Infantino, African football boss Patrice Motsepe, and Côte d'Ivoire's veteran President Alassane Ouattara, who proudly declared his country "a land of football."

They are aiming to become the first host nation to lift the trophy since Egypt beat Côte d'Ivoire on penalties in the final in 2006. That Elephants team featured the legendary Didier Drogba, who was also in attendance in Abidjan.

Read more AFCON 2024: In Abidjan, 'the dream of an entire people' as the competition kicks off

The hosts have not lost the opening match of the AFCON since Burkina Faso in 1998 and there appeared little prospect of that happening here once Fofana had struck.

Tireless

The game started several minutes later than the planned 20:00 GMT kick-off following the litany of speeches, but Côte d'Ivoire wasted little time against a Guinea-Bissau side appearing at their fourth AFCON and who have still never won a match at the tournament.

Fofana received a pass from Franck Kessie, his fellow midfielder who also left Europe for Saudi Arabia ahead of this season, before teeing himself up for a magnificent strike high into the top-right corner.

Ivorian coach Jean-Louis Gasset, the veteran Frenchman, named a team featuring five players based in Europe's big five leagues and three who play in Saudi Arabia. However, star striker Sebastien Haller of Borussia Dortmund was absent as he is recovering from injury, so the attack was led by Krasso of Red Star Belgrade.

The main goal threat in the first half came from Fofana, tireless in the tropical heat and humidity and who crashed another right-foot shot off the bar from a Kessie cutback after 34 minutes.

Guinea-Bissau, Africa's 21st-ranked team but who defeated Nigeria in qualifying, were still in the game at 1-0 but created little and conceded again just before the hour mark.

German-born striker Krasso showcased Côte d'Ivoire's attacking strength in depth as he controlled a ball in the box at an awkward height with his back to goal, took another touch and then volleyed low into the net to effectively end the contest.

Three-time former champions Nigeria complete Group A along with Equatorial Guinea, and they meet at Ebimpé on Sunday ahead of the opening games in Group B between Egypt and Mozambique, and Ghana and Cape Verde.

Le Monde with AFP

Reuse this content
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
Le Monde for hotels
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/le-monde-africa/article/2024/01/14/afcon-2024-host-cote-d-ivoire-wins-opening-match-against-guinea-bissau_6429600_124.html 
 ----- 
