Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Support the Guardian
Fund independent journalism with $15 per month
Support us
Sign in
Int
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Search jobs
Holidays
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Newsletters
Today's paper
Inside the Guardian
The Observer
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
Ivory Coast
Seko Fofana 4
Jean-Philippe Krasso 58
―
Guinea Bissau
―
―
―
Report
Min-by-min
View image in fullscreen
Seko Fofana fires in the first goal of the tournament. Photograph: Franck Fife/AFP/Getty Images
Africa Cup of Nations 2023
 This article is more than 11 months old
Hosts Ivory Coast sink Guinea-Bissau to get Afcon up and running
This article is more than 11 months old
Reuters
Sat 13 Jan 2024 22.16 GMT
Share
10

Ivory Coast’s Seko Fofana and Jean-Philippe Krasso scored in each half as the hosts completed a 2-0 Group A victory over Guinea-Bissau in the Africa Cup of Nations opening game played in energy-sapping humidity on Saturday.

Fofana gave his side a fourth minute lead with a superb shot from the edge of the box before Krasso made up for an earlier miss when he acrobatically netted a second just before the hour.

The Ivorians were always favourites against a Guinea-Bissau team who have now not won any of their 10 Cup of Nations finals matches but the hosts, with several players missing through injury, will be pleased to have started their campaign on a positive note in front of an expectant 60,000 crowd.

Ivory Coast 2-0 Guinea-Bissau: Africa Cup of Nations – as it happened
Read more

Twice winners Ivory Coast next play on Thursday when they face Nigeria in the biggest match-up in the group, while Guinea-Bissau take on Equatorial Guinea on the same day. The games will again be played at Abidjan’s Alassane Ouattara Stadium.

It was a far from perfect performance from the hosts and Guinea-Bissau were left to rue several missed opportunities, but Ivory Coast coach, Jean-Louis Gasset, will know the three points are all that matters at this early stage of the tournament.

View image in fullscreen
Jean-Philippe Krasso celebrates scoring his Ivory Coast’s second goal. Photograph: Issouf Sanogo/AFP/Getty Images

The Frenchman’s side got a dream start when Fofana curled his shot into the top corner from 20 metres, settling the nerves of the home players and their supporters. But after the Ivorians’ fast start, Guinea-Bissau settled into the contest and created a few chances themselves.

Forward Mama Baldé went for a spectacular bicycle kick when he might have opted for a header before he had an excellent chance to equalise with a clear run on goal but his shot was weak and easily saved by Yahia Fofana.

Seko Fofana came close to a second goal when his powerful drive from the edge of the box was tipped onto the crossbar by Guinea-Bissau’s Ouparine Djoco, who was a surprise selection over regular goalkeeper Jonas Mendes.

The hosts created another superb opening before the break when Jonathan Bamba fed Krasso in the box only for the striker to turn the ball wide.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Football Daily

Free daily newsletter

Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

Guinea-Bissau started the second half on the front foot but too often their final pass was poor and they wasted promising positions.

The home side doubled their advantage after 58 minutes when Krasso profited from some hesitant defending and took two touches before acrobatically rifling the ball into the net.

Guinea-Bissau had half-chances after that but have now stretched their run of games without a goal at the Cup of Nations finals to eight.

Explore more on these topics
Africa Cup of Nations 2023
Ivory Coast football team
Guinea-Bissau football team
Africa Cup of Nations
match reports
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Search UK jobs
Back to top
© 2025 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/2024/jan/13/ivory-coast-guinea-bissau-afcon-match-report 
 ----- 
