Sign in  Register
COUNTRIES
TOURNAMENTS
NEWS
2023 AFCON: COTE D’IVOIRE V GUINEA-BISSAU PREVIEW
Sebastien Haller of Ivory Coast celebrates goal during the 2023 International football friendly between Ivory Coast and Morocco at the Felix Houphouet Boigny Stadium, Abidjan, Ivory Coast on 14 October 2023 ©Gavin Barker/BackpagePix

by Thando Mpembe

Thursday Jan 11, 2024. 12:16

The 2023 Africa Cup of Nations will get underway with a Group A match between tournament hosts Cote d’Ivoire and Guinea-Bissau at the Alassane Ouattara Stadium.




Date: Saturday 13 January 2024




Kick-off: 22h00 CAT




Head-to-head: Cote d’Ivoire and Guinea-Bissau have met only once before: a 2001 West Africa Nations Cup match played in Bissau which was won 4-1 by the Elephants.




Cote d’Ivoire’s last three results: The Elephants have put together an impressive three-game winning streak heading into the tournament. Last weekend they thrashed Sierra Leone 5-1 in a warm-up friendly, while prior to that they racked up 9-0 and 2-0 wins over Seychelles and the Gambia respectively in 2026 World Cup qualifying matches in November.




Guinea-Bissau’s last three results: The Djurtus have had mixed results of late, including a 6-2 defeat at the hands of Mali in a warm-up friendly last weekend. Prior to that, their two World Cup qualification matches in November produced a 1-1 draw with Burkina Faso and 1-0 win over minnows Djibouti.




Team news: Neither side has any reported injury worries heading into the opening match, and are likely to select similar starting XIs to those fielded in their warm-up matches last weekend.




Key players, Cote d’Ivoire: Keep an eye out for Jeremie Boga, who registered both a goal and an assist in their 5-1 friendly win over Sierra Leone last weekend, as well as Sebastien Haller, who will be expected to spearhead the Elephants’ attempt to win a third AFCON title.




Key players, Guinea-Bissau: The Djurtus strength lies in midfield, where Alfa Semedo and Mauro Rodrigues are two of their most gifted players. Semedo is the more experienced and defensive-minded, while Rodrigues has the attacking gifts to both create and finish off scoring chances.











COMMENTS
Sign in with:  	
Sign in to comment
RELATED NEWS
AFR Osei reunites with Adotey at Medeama
AFR Gyan was getting weak - Appiah on Ghana captaincy
AFR Bullish Osimhens targets AFCON title
AFR Addo: ‘Egypt is Ghana’s easiest opponent’
AFR Apology could have saved KP Boateng at 2014 World Cup
AFR Klopp hopes for early Salah exit at AFCON
AFR Nice react to Moffi's surprise Nigeria snub
AFR Kudus compared to Ghana legend
AFR Ronaldo deserved to feel special at Man Utd - Bailly
AFR Onana: ‘Mistakes are part of learning’
AFR How FIFA blocked Ogenyi Onazi's Chelsea move
AFR Ten Hag makes Hannibal decision
AFR Klopp on dealing with Salah’s absence
AFC Onyeka: Brentford will cope without me
AFR Osimhen & Musa headline Nigeria's final AFCON squad


TWEETS
African Football @AfrFootball
NEWS
All News
South African News
Cote d'Ivoire News
Egyptian News
Ghana News
Kenyan News
Nigerian News
Zambian News
TOURNAMENTS
2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers - Africa
2024/25 CAF Champions League
2024/25 CAF Confederation Cup
Betway Premiership 2024/25
2025 Africa Cup of Nations Qualifiers
MORE
Galleries
Polls
ABOUT US
About
Advertise on African Football
Contact Us
© 2025 African Football All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy  Terms and Conditions  Disclaimer  Contact

Site managed by 

X
Important information regarding cookies
By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://africanfootball.com/news/812089/2023-AFCON-Cote-dIvoire-v-Guinea-Bissau-preview 
 ----- 
