Menu
Search for
 Home/AFCON/Cote d’Ivoire Vs Guinea Bissau: 2023 AFCON opening match preview
AFCON
Cote d’Ivoire Vs Guinea Bissau: 2023 AFCON opening match preview
Caretaker 
Follow on Twitter
January 12, 2024
0 2,122 2 minutes read

Cote d’Ivoire will face Guinea Bissau in the opening match of the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON). Here is a preview of the much-anticipated clash.

WHERE AND WHEN WILL THE MATCH BE PLAYED

The opening match of the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations tournament will take place at the Alassana Oauttara Stadium in Abidjan on Saturday, January 13, 2024 by 8pm.

ABOUT THE MATCH

The 34th edition of the CAF Africa Cup of Nations is set to kick off in Abidjan on Saturday, with hosts Ivory Coast engaging in their 100th AFCON game against Guinea-Bissau at the Alassane Ouattara Stadium in Group A.

The hosts, aiming to celebrate reaching the century with a strong performance, hopes to improve upon their group stage exit the last time they hosted the tournament in 1984.

Despite automatically qualifying as hosts, Cote d’Ivoire participated in the qualifying rounds, finishing as runners-up in Group H ahead of Comoros and Lesotho.

The team’s recent form, boasting 16 goals in their last three matches, showcases their potent attacking prowess.

Cote d’Ivoire are two-time AFCON champions (1992 and 2015), defeating Ghana on penalties on both occasions. Their last AFCON appearance ended in a penalty shootout loss to Egypt in the round of 16.

Guinea-Bissau, on the other hand, faces a goal-scoring challenge, having failed to find the net in their last seven AFCON matches, setting a record for goal drought in the competition.

Despite this, they secured qualification as Group A runners-up, earning 13 points in a section that included, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, and São Tomé and Príncipe.

Before 2023, Guinea-Bissau have qualified for AFCON three times, those being the last three tournaments (2017, 2019 and 2021). They have thus far failed to progress from the group stages, but finished all three tournaments with the same record – fourth in the group with one draw and two losses.

TEAM NEWS

Cote d’Ivoire players Simon Adingra and Sebastien Haller are facing fitness uncertainties, potentially sidelining them for the tournament’s opening clash.

However, the midfield trio of Franck Kessie, Seko Fofana, and Ibrahim Sangare is expected to provide a strong foundation as the Elephants aim to dominate the game against Guinea-Bissau.

For Guinea-Bissau, there exist uncertainties with Samsunspor defender Nanu doubtful for the opening fixture. The Djurtus, though unfancied, will rely on Balde’s prowess to create opportunities and potentially surprise the home side.

Predicted starting lineups:
Ivory Coast: Fofana; Aurier, Diomande, Ndicka, Konan; Kessie, Fofana, Sangare; Krasso, Boga, Bamba
Guinea-Bissau: Mendes; Cande, Mane, Djalo; Mane, Semedo, Cassama, Rodrigues, Quizera; Gano, Balde
PREDICTION

With the crowd cheering them on, Cote d’Ivoire are heavy favourites to win this one. SportsRation says 3-0 in favour of the hosts.

READ ALSO: Nigeria’s Yemi Alade to perform at AFCON opening ceremony
 Tags
AFCON opening ceremony
Cote d'Ivoire Vs Guinea Bissau
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
Tumblr
 
Pinterest
 
Reddit
 
Share via Email
 
Print
 Subscribe 

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

0 COMMENTS
Related Articles
Premier League 2025 Title Prediction: Liverpool to stumble, No clear favourite yet
7 hours ago
Brown Ideye says more Nigerian Players abroad want to return to NPFL
9 hours ago
Premier League Transfer News: January 2025 moves so far
9 hours ago
Recent
Popular
Comments
Premier League 2025 Title Prediction: Liverpool to stumble, No clear favourite yet
7 hours ago
How long can LeBron James continue to play top-level basketball? – The 40-year-old NBA icon shares his thoughts
8 hours ago
NBA: Pelicans Coach and Players Struggle with Tragedy in New Orleans
8 hours ago
Adekunle Gold Reacts to Manchester United’s Struggles Under Amorim
8 hours ago
Where is Gift Orban? The Nigerian Forward Set to Finalize Transfer to Hoffenheim
8 hours ago
© Copyright 2015-2024, All Rights Reserved |   SportsRation
Support Contact us About Us Partners T&C Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Vimeo
Instagram
RSS
Back to top button
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportsration.com/cote-divoire-vs-guinea-bissau-2023-afcon-opening-match-preview/ 
 ----- 
