    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 1, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  Pakistan beat Netherlands to stay alive in World T20
SPORTS
Pakistan beat Netherlands to stay alive in World T20
October 30, 2022 0

Pakistan kept alive their slim hopes of qualifying for the semi-finals of the Men’s T20 World Cup with a comfortable six-wicket win over the Netherlands.

Chasing 92 for victory, they won with 37 balls to spare, opener Mohammad Rizwan hitting 49 off 39 balls.

Netherlands posted a turgid 91-9 in Perth, with Colin Ackermann scoring 27 and spinner Shadab Khan taking 3-22.

Click to view full scoreboard

Pakistan need to beat South Africa on Thursday and Bangladesh next Sunday and hope results go their way to progress.

The Netherlands are eliminated, with a third successive defeat leaving them bottom of Group One, a place lower than Pakistan.

Earlier, Bangladesh moved into the top two with a dramatic victory over Zimbabwe, who are also still able to qualify.

From start to finish the Netherlands’ batting was poor.

It was a tepid display, with 63 dot balls in the innings, and no batter looked comfortable.

Bas de Leede was forced to retire on six after being hit in the helmet grille by Haris Rauf, resulting in a huge cut on his cheekbone, and him being replaced by concussion substitute Logan van Beek.

They struggled to cope with the pace of the Pakistan seamers, Mohammad Wasim bowling Tim Pringle and Fred Klaassen in successive balls with excellent yorkers.

He was denied a hat-trick by the finest of margins as the ball went between leg stump and Paul van Meekeren’s right leg.

Shadab was impressive, bowling a stump-to-stump line to pick up two lbw dismissals. The leg-spinner now has six wickets in the tournament and 20 in T20 internationals in 2022.

Netherlands captain Scott Edwards said: “In general our batting was pretty poor. We were on 15 or so after the Powerplay and just never recovered.

“It was 90 on a decent wicket so it is always going to be difficult to defend.”

There was another failure for Pakistan captain Babar Azam, who was run out by Roeloef van der Merwe for four, meaning he has scored just eight runs in three games.

Fakhar Zaman, who came into the team and made 20, and Rizwan, who played nicely including two gorgeous straight drives, were caught behind off Brandon Glover and Van Meekeren.

Shan Masood was caught at deep third with the scores level as Pakistan started to labour after a fast start. But ultimately they got the victory needed to keep their tournament going when Shadab drove to the cover boundary.

Pakistan captain Babar Azam said: “I am very happy with the performance with bat and ball.

“We could have chased down the score without losing three or four wickets. But a win always gives you confidence and we take good things into our next matches.” (BBC Sport)

Advertisement _____
Previous article
Bangladesh beat Zimbabwe in close and dramatic finish
Next article
Super50: Carty hits ton to give Hurricanes victory over WI Academy
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
NSC throws support behind LSU-bound track star Malachi Austin
Sports
Family the driving force behind Sherfane Rutherford
Sports
Down to four! One Guyana Futsal enters business end on January 1
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
Human Services Ministry expands support for seniors
Editor - December 31, 2024
Human Services Ministry highlights milestones in childcare assistance initiatives
Editor - December 31, 2024
Paper immigration forms to be abolished by end of January – President announces
Editor - December 31, 2024
‘Proactive work being done’ – President says murder, other crime rates down
Editor - December 31, 2024
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
October 2022
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2
3	4	5	6	7	8	9
10	11	12	13	14	15	16
17	18	19	20	21	22	23
24	25	26	27	28	29	30
31	 
« Sep   Nov »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
News Room asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2022/10/30/pakistan-beat-netherlands-to-stay-alive-in-world-t20/ 
 ----- 
