Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.
Sport
|
Cricket
Hopeful Pakistan ease to T20 World Cup win over Netherlands

After two final-ball losses, Pakistan register their first win at the T20 World Cup.

Pakistan comfortably defeated the Netherlands to register their first win of the World Cup [Trevor Collens / AFP]
Published On 30 Oct 2022
30 Oct 2022

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Pakistan trounced the Netherlands by six wickets to keep their Twenty20 World Cup campaign alive, bouncing back to register their first win of the tournament after last-ball defeats against Zimbabwe and India.

Pakistan restricted the Dutch to 91-9 after being asked to bowl first, and then cruised to 95-4 on Sunday with 37 balls to spare as Mohammad Rizwan top-scored with 49.

KEEP READING
list of 4 items
list 1 of 4
What you need to know about cricket’s T20 World Cup
list 2 of 4
Ireland seal shock T20 World Cup win over England
list 3 of 4
Phillips’ century, Boult’s four power New Zealand past Sri Lanka
list 4 of 4
Kohli leads India to win over Pakistan in T20 World Cup thriller
end of list

Rizwan wasted no time in kick-starting Pakistan’s reply, peeling 11 runs off the first over.

Captain Babar Azam, who is yet to hit his straps with eight runs from three matches, was run out for four when Roelof van der Merwe at mid-on nailed a direct hit.

Fast-bowler Brandon Glover had Fakhar Zaman caught behind for 20 as a 10,000-plus crowd, dominated by Pakistan supporters, feared for the worst at a venue where Pakistan fell short by one run in their chase of a modest 130 against Zimbabwe on Thursday.

India-South Africa is a big game for Pakistan who are in the strange position of wanting India to win. An Indian victory lifts Pakistan's chances of qualifying to around 23% but a South Africa win sees that fall to 15%. #T20WorldCup

— Freddie Wilde (@fwildecricket) October 30, 2022

Sign up for Al Jazeera
Weekly Newsletter
The latest news from around the world. Timely. Accurate. Fair.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
Advertisement

Rizwan and Shan Masood calmed the nerves with a stand of 30 and despite both falling near the end, Pakistan sailed past their target as bowling hero Shadab Khan hit the winning four.

“The last couple of games … we played great cricket but still we didn’t finish the game but today we finished the game,” said man-of-the-match Shadab.

“All the bowlers bowled great, because [the opening bowlers] put pressure on in the powerplay and [the batters] have to try and hit me and I will get the opportunity to take wickets.”

Pakistan’s Muhammad Rizwan is the top-ranked T20 batter in the world (Photo by Trevor Collens / AFP) /

It was the bowlers who set up victory for a side that lost their opener to India and then were shocked by Zimbabwe in Group 2.

Shadab returned figures of 3-22 and pace bowler Mohammad Wasim took two wickets to set the tone for their team’s domination against a Dutch side who are out of the semi-final running after losing a third straight Super 12 match.

Returning Dutch opener Stephan Myburgh broke the shackles with a boundary off Shaheen Shah Afridi only to fall next ball, caught at fine leg attempting another big hit to be out for six. There was no respite from the Pakistan quick bowlers.

Wasim took two wickets in two balls only for Paul van Meekeren to survive the hat-trick delivery, and Haris Rauf made good use of the bounce on offer.

Pakistan now need to win their remaining matches against South Africa on Thursday and Bangladesh in a week’s time – and need other results to go their way – to have any chance of a semi-final place.

Advertisement
SOURCE: AFP, REUTERS
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 873 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2022/10/30/pakistan-ease-to-win-over-netherlands-in-t20-world-cup 
 ----- 
