EPAPER
LIVE TV
DAWNNEWS URDU
IMAGES
HERALD
AURORA
CITYFM89
ADVERTISE
EVENTS
/SUPPLEMENTS
CLASSIFIEDS
OBITUARIES
E-PAPER | JANUARY 01, 2025
HOME
LATEST
BREATHE
GAZA SIEGE
PAKISTAN
OPINION
BUSINESS
IMAGES
PRISM
WORLD
SPORT
MAGAZINES
TECH
VIDEOS
POPULAR
ARCHIVE
FLOOD DONATIONS
Search
Third time’s the charm as Pakistan finally get off the mark in World Cup 2022 with win over Netherlands
AFP Published October 30, 2022
   
62
Netherlands won the toss and elected to bat against Pakistan. — Photo courtesy: PCB
Pakistan’s Muhammad Rizwan plays a shot watched by Netherlands’ wicketkeeper Scott Edwards during the ICC men’s Twenty20 World Cup 2022 cricket match between Pakistan and Netherlands at the Perth Stadium on October 30, 2022 in Perth. — AFP
Netherlands’ Roelof van der Merwe is bowled by Pakistan’s Haris Rauf during the ICC men’s Twenty20 World Cup 2022 cricket match between Pakistan and Netherlands at the Perth Stadium on October 30. — AFP
Netherlands won the toss and elected to bat against Pakistan. — Photo courtesy: PCB
Pakistan’s Muhammad Rizwan plays a shot watched by Netherlands’ wicketkeeper Scott Edwards during the ICC men’s Twenty20 World Cup 2022 cricket match between Pakistan and Netherlands at the Perth Stadium on October 30, 2022 in Perth. — AFP
Netherlands’ Roelof van der Merwe is bowled by Pakistan’s Haris Rauf during the ICC men’s Twenty20 World Cup 2022 cricket match between Pakistan and Netherlands at the Perth Stadium on October 30. — AFP
Netherlands won the toss and elected to bat against Pakistan. — Photo courtesy: PCB
JOIN OUR WHATSAPP CHANNEL

Pakistan’s bowlers, led by spinner Shadab Khan, helped them hammer the Netherlands by six wickets in Perth on Sunday for a first win at the Twenty20 World Cup which kept their faint hopes of reaching the semi-finals alive.

Pakistan restricted the Dutch to 91-9, and then cruised to 95-4 with 37 balls to spare as Mohammad Rizwan made 49.

But it was the bowlers set up victory for a side that lost their opener to India and then were shocked by Zimbabwe in Group 2.

Shadab returned figures of 3-22 and pace bowler Mohammad Wasim took two wickets to set the tone for their team’s domination against a Dutch side who are out of the semi-final running after losing a third straight Super 12 match.

“Very happy. Performed very well in the bowling and in the batting,” Pakistan captain Babar Azam said after the team’s first-ever T20 victory in Australia.

“In my opinion, we could chase better than this. But a win always gives you confidence. We’ll try to do our best in the next matches and win.”

Pakistan lost Azam, for four, in the second over of their chase when he was run out by a direct throw from Roelof van der Merwe.

But Rizwan attacked from the start, hitting five fours and putting on 37 with the returning Fakhar Zaman.

Nerves calmed

Fast bowler Brandon Glover had Zaman caught behind for 20 as a crowd of over 10,000, dominated by Pakistan supporters, feared for the worst at a venue where Pakistan fell short by one run in their chase of a modest 130 against Zimbabwe on Thursday.

But Rizwan and Shan Masood calmed the nerves with the stand of 30 and, despite both falling near the end, Pakistan sailed past their target as bowling hero Shadab hit the winning four.

Naseem Shah celebrates the wicket of Netherlands’ Captain Scott Edwards during the ICC men’s Twenty20 World Cup 2022 cricket match between Pakistan and Netherlands at the Perth Stadium on October 30. — AFP

Netherlands captain Scott Edwards won the toss and chose to bat first but Pakistan’s new-ball bowlers kept a disciplined line and only three runs came from the first two overs.

Returning opener Stephan Myburgh broke the shackles with a boundary off Shaheen Shah Afridi only to fall next ball, caught at fine leg attempting another big hit to be out for six.

There was no respite from the Pakistan quick bowlers.

Wasim took two wickets in two balls only for Paul van Meekeren to survive the hat-trick delivery, and Haris Rauf made good use of the bounce on offer.

A nasty bouncer from Rauf got through Bas de Leede’s helmet grill, forcing the batsman off the ground with a bruised cheekbone.

He returned from a medical check to sit out the rest of the match in the dugout sporting a nasty-looking black eye.

Shadab’s leg spin had Tom Cooper caught for one after the power play and then trapped Max O’ Dowd lbw for eight in his next over.

“I have bowled against few of their players in county cricket, so I know how they play,” said Shadab.

“All our bowlers bowled well. The fast bowlers put pressure on the powerplay, and I took wickets because of the pressure that built.”

After crawling to 34-3 after 10 overs, and with De Leede retired hurt, Netherlands captain Edwards and Colin Ackermann (27) attempted to rebuild with a 35-run stand but once they were separated the wickets kept tumbling.

Shadab trapped Ackermann lbw and Edwards fell soon after, for 15, to Naseem Shah.

Van Meekeren was last to go run out off the final ball for seven.

Pakistan need to win their remaining matches against South Africa on Thursday and Bangladesh in a week’s time and need other results to go their way to have any chance of securing a semi-final place.

SPORT
   
62
Read more
Haris says Pakistan focused on cricket, not criticism ahead of Dutch clash
Babar Azam slammed for poor captaincy
T20 World Cup: Babar defends move to play extra pacer after Zimbabwe loss
SPONSORED
Revolutionising reproductive health: Viya launches Viya Telehealth
On DawnNews
پاکستان میں بے نظیر بھٹو کی آخری سالگرہ کی یادیں!
یکم جنوری 2025 سے درجنوں فونز پر واٹس ایپ استعمال نہیں کیا جا سکے گا
پاندان سے چہار بیت تک: وہ گھر جہاں ‘ثقافت’ رہتی ہے
DAWN NEWS ENGLISH 
Gaza Update
Digital Identity In Pakistan: What Can We Learn From The Aadhar Debate In India?
2024 Economy Recap: Pakistan’s Losses and Gains
Year Of Climate Change: Disasters And Global Action
2024 Economy Recap & 2025 Economy Predictions
Top News Stories Of 2024
Who Is Hussam Abu Safia?
Gaza Update
Digital Identity In Pakistan: What Can We Learn From The Aadhar Debate In India?
2024 Economy Recap: Pakistan’s Losses and Gains
Year Of Climate Change: Disasters And Global Action
2024 Economy Recap & 2025 Economy Predictions
Top News Stories Of 2024
Who Is Hussam Abu Safia?
Gaza Update
Digital Identity In Pakistan: What Can We Learn From The Aadhar Debate In India?
2024 Economy Recap: Pakistan’s Losses and Gains
Year Of Climate Change: Disasters And Global Action
2024 Economy Recap & 2025 Economy Predictions
Comments (62) Closed
Popular
Newest
Oldest
M. Emad
Oct 30, 2022 12:12pm
'Crying'  ----  Pakistan  School  Boy  Cricket  players  were  Crying.
Recommend 106
Rohan
Oct 30, 2022 12:21pm
Pakistan will win this for sure :.. no stress what so ever
Recommend 11
Hope786
Oct 30, 2022 12:24pm
Pak wins, Netherland plays well.

Netherlands should replace Bangladesh as a test playing nation.  Ireland should replace Afghanistan, India only wins by fluke or fixed matches.
Recommend 52
READ ALL COMMENTS
Latest Stories
Karachi’s water crisis to ease with Hub Canal, KB Feeder projects: CM Sindh
Police action to clear Karachi roads of protesters sparks violence
Syria’s de facto leader holds talks with Kurds
Kung fu nuns kick off reopening of nunnery in Nepal
US Treasury accuses Chinese hackers of stealing papers
FBR falls Rs386bn short of revenue target
4am meetings, slipping dupattas, and cricketers behaving badly — 2024’s most read Dawn Images stories
Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt reach divorce settlement ending eight-year dispute
Five people charged in Argentina in connection with singer Liam Payne’s death
Most Popular
01
Cartoon: 31 December, 2024
02
Karachi roads to be cleared before Maghrib, says city police chief on ongoing protests
03
Appeals court upholds verdict in Donald Trump sexual abuse case
04
2024 was ‘deadliest year’ for Pakistan’s security forces
05
UBL arranges $300m loan for Pakistan
06
At least 11 injured in clashes as Karachi police attempt to disperse protests against Parachinar killings
07
Charter of economy
08
Imran retained 108 Toshakhana gifts, court told
09
Over 10,000 deported from Iran have their passports blocked
Must Read
A climate reckoning
Qurat ul ain Siddiqui
The smog in Lahore, heatwaves all across, the north’s melting glaciers, and widespread floods illustrate a country under siege from environmental forces.
That’s a wrap: What did Dawn.com’s audience read most in 2024?
Dawn.com
Transitions and turmoil
Baqir Sajjad Syed
Editorial: 2025 brings with it hope of a more constructive path to much-needed stability
The 2024 polio counter is still ticking
Opinion
Addressing the larger issue
Zahid Hussain
There is little hope of ending the stand-off without confronting the elephant in the room.
01 Jan, 2025
Tech lords of the world
Rafia Zakaria
01 Jan, 2025
Carter’s centuries
Mahir Ali
01 Jan, 2025
Judicial integrity
Sanaullah Abbasi
Updated 31 Dec, 2024
Age of anger
Arifa Noor
Editorial
Updated 01 Jan, 2025
Looking ahead
The dawn of 2025 brings with it hope of a more constructive path to much-needed stability.
01 Jan, 2025
Avoiding reform
PAKISTAN’S economic growth significantly slowed down to a modest 0.92pc during the first quarter of the present...
01 Jan, 2025
On the front lines
THE human cost of terrorism in 2024 was staggering. The ISPR reports 383 officers and soldiers embraced martyrdom...
Updated 31 Dec, 2024
Charter of economy
Before a consensus on economy is sought, the govt must resolve tensions with the opposition and reduce political temperatures.
31 Dec, 2024
Madressah compromise
A CLASH between the ruling coalition and the clerical old guard over the Societies Registration (Amendment) Act,...
31 Dec, 2024
Safety at work
PAKISTAN’S first comprehensive occupational safety and health (OSH) profile exposes the inadequacies of worker...
‹
Russia, Ukraine exchange over 300 POWs
›
Cartoon: 31 December, 2024
CONTACT TERMS OF USE REPRODUCTION COPYRIGHTS CONTRIBUTION GUIDELINES PRIVACY COMMENT MODERATION CODE OF ETHICS
SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSPAPER ADVERTISE ON DAWN.COM SPONSORED CONTENT CLASSIFIEDS OBITUARIES
PRAYER TIMINGS STOCK/FOREX/GOLD WEATHER
DAWN HERALD AURORA PRISM SPECIAL REPORTS DAWN NEWS
IMAGES EOS/ICON/YOUNG WORLD CITYFM89 TEELI

Copyright © 2025, Dawn

NewsKit Publishing Platform
by Compunode

dawn.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 139 TCF vendor(s) and 65 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dawn.com/news/1717728 
 ----- 
