English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: Pakistan vs Netherlands MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain and Vice-captain and More

T20 World Cup 2022: Pakistan vs Netherlands MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain and Vice-captain and More
Notably, both teams are yet to win a game in the Super 12 stage of T20 World Cup 2022.

AAKASH SRIVASTAVA
Author

Updated - 28 Oct 2022 01:56 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: October 30, 2022
Time: 12:30 PM
Venue: Perth Stadium, Perth
Ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger App

Preview:


Standing on the verge of elimination from the T20 World Cup 2022, Pakistan will have last chance when they will be up against Netherlands on Sunday in Perth. Both the teams are yet to register a single win in the ICC tournament as Netherlands faced defeat against Bangladesh and India, while Pakistan were shocked by India and Zimbabwe.

The upcoming fixture will be guaranteed blockbuster as both the sides will be eager to register their maiden win in the tournament. Let’s look at the fantasy prediction of the Netherlands vs Pakistan match on Sunday.


Weather Report:


  


Pitch Report:


  


Team Analysis:


Pakistan:


Babar Azam-led side will have lot at stake when they face Netherlands on Sunday. They are at the brink of getting knocked out from the ICC tournament after two defeats on the trot. Pakistan skipper Babar Azam and Md Rizwan, both have failed at the top-order which has cost Men in Green heavily.

However, Rizwan has looked better comparatively and will be risky inclusion in the fantasy squad considering his recent form, Shan Masood played a fine innings against Zimbabwe and must be given chance in the fantasy team. Iftikhar Ahmed and Shadab Khan can also be added to strengthen the middle-order. Mohammad Nawaz will be vital all-rounder in the squad and can earn valuable points. Haris Rauf and Naseem Shah should be picked from the bowling department.


Probable playing XI:


Mohammad Rizwan (wk), Babar Azam (c), Shan Masood, Iftikhar Ahmed, Shadab Khan, Haider Ali, Mohammad Nawaz, Mohammad Wasim Jr, Shaheen Afridi, Haris Rauf, Naseem Shah


Netherlands:


31-year-old right-handed batter Colin Ackermann has shown lot of potential in the ICC tournament and should be added in the fantasy squad. Max O’Dowd and Vikramjit Singh are two talented batters at the top-order but haven't implemented themselves well in the tournament. Netherlands skipper Scott Edwards needs to pull up his socks and lead from the front in order to make a mark in the ICC tournament. Paul van Meekeren, Bas de Leede and Tim Pringle should be trusted while forming fantasy squad.


Probable playing XI:


Vikramjit Singh, Max O’Dowd, Bas de Leede, Colin Ackermann, Tom Cooper, Scott Edwards (c & wk), Tim Pringle, Logan van Beek, Shariz Ahmad, Fred Klaassen, Paul van Meekeren


Key players:


  


People's pick:


  


Grand League team

  


Head-to-head  team

  


Best 14:
Wicketkeepers: Scott Edwards, Mohammad Rizwan
Batters: Shan Masood, Md Rizwan, Max O'Dowd, Colin Ackermann
All-rounders: Shadab Khan, Iftikhar Ahmed, Iftikhar Ahmed, Logan van Beek
Bowlers: Harif Rauf, Tim Pringle, Mohammad Wasim, Naseem Shah

Disclaimer:  The opinions expressed within this article are the author's point of view. They neither reflect the opinion of SportsTiger nor advise anyone to make any prediction based on this. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility and liability for the same.


Cricket Fantasy TipsT20 World Cup 2022Pakistan vs Netherlands
LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir wanted Cheteshwar Pujara for Australia tour but selectors denied; shocking details revealed

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

01 January 2025

If I play good cricket, I don’t need PR: MS Dhoni’s honest take on his social media presence

01 January 2025

Vikendi removed from BGIS 2025, BMPS 2025 and other upcoming BGMI tournaments

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/pak-vs-ned-dream11-prediction-pakistan-vs-netherlands-fantasy-picks-probable-playing-xis-grand-league-head-to-head-pitch-report-match-overview-pak-vs-ned-t20-world-cup-live-at-1230-pm-follow-live-updates-best-fantasy-team 
 ----- 
