Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Birdsong's short outing latest in rough spell for SF rotation
Share
Birdsong's short outing latest in rough spell for SF rotation
August 29th, 2024

Rich Rovito

Share

0:01

1:22

MILWAUKEE – Frustration is mounting after another abbreviated outing by a Giants starting pitcher.

Rookie Hayden Birdsong lasted just 3 2/3 innings against the Brewers on Thursday afternoon at American Family Field, marking the fifth time in the past six games that a Giants starter hasn’t made it out of the fifth inning. Logan Webb, the lone pitcher to do so during the stretch, pitched into the sixth on Tuesday but failed to record an out.

Pitching on the day before his 23rd birthday, Birdsong was roughed up by the Brewers for five runs in his 11th start of the season. Although he gave up only four hits -- one of them a home run to Garrett Mitchell -- Birdsong walked four batters for the second consecutive start and threw 92 pitches (49 strikes) as the Giants fell to Milwaukee 6-0.

“I’ve been struggling a little bit, obviously; not getting deep into games,” Birdsong said. “I haven’t really done that since I’ve been up here. I’ve only gotten into the sixth inning one time. I’m not happy with that but I’m going to keep working.”

In the first game of the Giants’ now-concluded six-game road trip on Friday night in Seattle, Birdsong allowed only one hit and struck out five, but departed after four innings.

Birdsong (3-4) said there were some effective aspects of his start against the Brewers.

“I was in the zone, I thought,” he said. “Not early in the count. But I got back from being down. I battled a little bit out there. It wasn’t exactly what I wanted, but there were some positives. Not a lot, but there were some.”

A native of Mattoon, Ill. -- about a four-drive from Milwaukee -- Birdsong had about 40 members of his family on hand to watch him pitch.

The high pitch count led to Birdsong’s early exit, manager Bob Melvin said.

“Just a lot of pitches,” he said. “I thought his stuff was good, especially the first inning. It looked like he was locked in. Then they scored some runs and made him work a little bit.”

Related
Verlander, 3-time Cy winner, signs 1-year deal with Giants

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

January 12th, 2025

Birdsong 'in the zone' throughout bounceback start

September 13th, 2024

'Not what I wanted': Birdsong's battles continue in 5-ER outing

August 12th, 2024

10 rookies who have stood out over the past month

August 7th, 2024

In a three-game series last weekend in Seattle, Birdsong, Blake Snell and Robbie Ray each failed to complete five innings. In the series opener against the Brewers on Tuesday, Webb departed after allowing a two-run homer to Willy Adames with no outs in the sixth.

On Wednesday night, Kyle Harrison was stellar into the fifth but his outing came to an abrupt end after he surrendered five runs and departed with two outs in the inning.

“It’s taken a toll,” Melvin said of the string of short outings from his starting staff.

The Giants struggled against a Brewers starter for the second consecutive game. Aaron Civale pitched seven scoreless innings while allowing only two hits.

“It looked like an awful game for us all the way around,” Melvin said. “Whether it was pitching, defense, offense. Their guy pitched good. He had a good cutter. He had a good sinker. He threw just enough offspeed to keep us off balance. We had a good game plan going in but he pitched well.”

The Brewers scored one of their runs on a double steal in the third. Giants third baseman Matt Chapman mishandled a throw as William Contreras broke for home. Contreras scored on the play and was credited with a steal of home to give Milwaukee a 3-0 lead at the time.

The defensive execution on the play didn’t sit well with Melvin.

“The double steal, we execute well at the beginning and get them out in no man’s land and then we’ve got to run at him and make a decision,” he said. “We probably made the throw a little too early. Those plays look bad when you don’t execute them.”

The Giants won the opener of the three-game series, but dropped the final two contests, leaving Melvin frustrated.

“We were in every game except this one. Today we just couldn’t get it going at all. It looked bad,” Melvin said. “Obviously, when you win the first game of a series, you’d like to win at least one more. We didn’t do that, so it ended up being a bad road trip. We can’t be losing series.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Chapman insisted that the team remains confident that a run for playoff spot remains in the cards, though the loss dropped the Giants to seven games behind the Braves for the final NL Wild Card spot, pending Atlanta's game Thursday night.

“There are still 29 games left. A lot can happen,” he said. “There’s no reason we can’t make a run. We know we have the talent in this room. We just have to get things going. We’ve had bad road trips before but it seems like when we get home, we get hot again. That’s our mindset. We’re going to go home and get this thing going.”

The Giants open a three-game series at home against the Marlins on Friday.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Francisco Giants
Hayden Birdsong
You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/hayden-birdsong-walks-4-in-giants-loss-to-brewers 
 ----- 
