Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Search
SEPTEMBER 25, 2023
US Ryder Cup team faces challenges as Europe hopes to avenge 'worst defeat ever'
September 25, 2023 | 11:41pm

The grandstands will be jam-packed with throaty European supporters who’ve been waiting four years for this.

MARK CANNIZZARO
Why Ryder Cup team captains have toughest job
September 25, 2023 | 11:19pm

For Ryder Cup captains, that changes. They have no tangible control over the result because they’re not the ones hitting the shots.

Travis Kelce's merch sales feeling the Taylor Swift effect
September 25, 2023 | 11:19pm

Travis Kelce is quickly learning about the Taylor Swift effect on his career. 

Biden fumbles acronym during Pacific Islands forum speech: 'Doesn’t matter what we call it'
September 25, 2023 | 10:55pm

"Today I'm pleased to announce we're working with Congress to invest $40 billion in our Pacific Islands Infrastructure Initiative," he told the round table of leaders.

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/25/ 
 ----- 
