JOIN US
Language
English
हिन्दी
Latest News
Live Updates
Markets
Business
Personal Finance
Economy
India
World
Lok Sabha Election 2024
US Elections 2024
Upcoming Events
Engage With CNBC-TV18
Photos
Videos
Minis
Web Stories
Polls
Quiz
Healthcare
Politics
Travel
Education & Careers
Sports
Views
Auto
Entertainment
Technology
Startups
Lifestyle
Retail
Real Estate
Minis
Special Coverage
India Business Leader Awards
Branded Content
India Retirement Insights Summit
The Growth Summit
Ceo Awards
Accelerate Your Cloud Journey
Accelerating To A Connected Future
Financial Services Cloud Symposium
Crypto
Education Next
Ey Entrepreneur Of The Year
IRMA
Wizards Of Finance
The Thought League
Discover CNBCTV18
About
Contact
Advertise
Disclaimer
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Shows
Anchors
Polls
11:11 Newsletter
Life
 
Watch Live TV
Market
Personal Finance
Business
Economy
LIVE TV
Latest News
LIVEMarket Live
#NavigateWithHSBC
NEWBudget 2025
NEWCalculators
NEWSME Champion Awards Season 2
Nifty
Sensex
MCX
HomeSports NewsNZ Vs PAK Weather Update, World Cup 2023: Will It Rain During The Crucial Clash In Bengaluru
NZ vs PAK Weather Update, World Cup 2023: Will it rain during the crucial clash in Bengaluru
New Zealand vs Pakistan Weather Update, World Cup 2023: Intermittent cloud cover is expected in Bengaluru at the start of the game in the morning, with the temperature around 24°C. There is around a 3-6% chance of rainfall, as the wind gusts will be blowing at a speed of 24-28 km/h. The wind will flow in the east at a speed of 11 km/h. The cloud cover will be nearly 73%, with humidity levels of around 86%.
By Keshav Singh Chundawat  
November 3, 2023, 10:54:59 PM IST (Published)
2 Min Read

New Zealand will lock horns with Pakistan on Saturday in a day match in the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru. The weather could play a spoilsport in this game as the group stage matches are coming to an end. New Zealand will come into this match with a three-match losing streak, while Pakistan is coming off a win against Bangladesh after four successive losses. The team that wins the match will bolster its chances of qualification for the semi-finals.





Weather Update - Bengaluru, November 4, 2023 




Intermittent cloud cover is expected in Bengaluru at the start of the game in the morning, with the temperature around 24°C. There is around a 3-6% chance of rainfall, as the wind gusts will be blowing at a speed of 24-28 km/h. The wind will flow in the east at a speed of 11 km/h. The cloud cover will be nearly 73%, with humidity levels of around 86%.




However, during the afternoon, the weather will be mostly cloudy with a couple of showers and a thunderstorm with nearly 68% chances of precipitation. Due to this, the cloud cover is also likely to rise to 83%. The wind will flow towards the east at a speed of 15 km/h. The humidity levels will also soar to 75%.


ALSO READ: 10 leading wicket takers in ODI World Cup history: Mohammed Shami, Trent Boult enter elite club


Probable Playing XI




New Zealand




Devon Conway, Will Young, Rachin Ravindra, Daryl Mitchell, Tom Latham (c & wk), Glenn Phillips, James Neesham, Mitchell Santner, Tim Southee, Lockie Ferguson, Trent Boult




Pakistan




Fakhar Zaman, Abdullah Shafique, Babar Azam (c), Mohammad Rizwan (wk), Saud Shakeel, Iftikhar Ahmed, Salman Ali Agha, Usama Mir, Mohammad Wasim Jr., Shaheen Afridi, Haris Rauf




Pitch report




The pitch at the Chinnaswamy is generally a belter, favouring the batters. However, in the last match played here, Sri Lanka bowled out England for a score of 156, as fast bowlers picked up seven wickets. 

Continue Reading

Let's Connect with CNBCTV 18

Network 18 Group :

Moneycontrol
TopperLearning
Overdrive
News18
Cricketnext
Forbes India
Firstpost

©TV18 Broadcast Limited. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cnbctv18.com/sports/nz-vs-pak-weather-update-world-cup-2023-bengaluru-chinnaswamy-stadium-18239631.htm 
 ----- 
