Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Pakistan vs New Zealand match in ODI Cricket World Cup 2023: TV channel, telecast and live stream details

MOHIT KHAKHAR

03 November, 2023
•
7:20 pm UTC

A crunch World Cup 2023 clash between Pakistan and New Zealand awaits us on Saturday at the M Chinnaswamy stadium in Bengaluru.

A loss for either side could put their qualification hopes in doubt. The Kiwis are on a three-match losing streak, while the Men in Green have won their previous game against Bangladesh, ending a four-match losing streak of their own. 

Pakistan are placed fifth on the table, with six points in seven games. They are knocking on the door of the semi-finals, with the Kiwis being one of the sides in the way.

The winner of this game will take a hige step towards semifinal qualification and a lot is on the line.

MORE: Full Cricket World Cup 2023 fixtures & results | Bet on CWC 2023 matches here!

It has been a see-saw tournament for New Zealand. After winning their opening four matches, the Kiwis find themselves in danger going winless in the previous three games. They defeated England, Netherlands, Bangladesh, and Afghanistan. However, the Kiwis emerged second-best against India, Australia, and South Africa. 

A win against Pakistan on Saturday would seal their place in the knockout rounds of the World Cup 2023.

When is PAK vs NZ CWC 2023 match?

The ICC World Cup 2023 game between Pakistan and New Zealand will be played on Saturday, November 04, 2023. 

Where is PAK vs NZ being played?

The match between Pakistan and New Zealand will be played at the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru.

What time does PAK vs NZ start?

The ICC ODI World Cup 2023 game between Pakistan and New Zealand is scheduled to kickstart at 10:30 IST (+5:30 GMT).

Which TV channel in India will telecast PAK vs NZ?

Star Sports Network has acquired the rights to broadcast the ICC ODI World Cup 2023. The Pakistan vs New Zealand match of the ODI World Cup will be broadcasted live in multiple languages (English, Hindi, and Vernacular) across the Star Sports Network. 

Country	TV channels
India	Star Sports 1, Star Sports 1 HD, Star Sports 2, Star Sports 2 HD, Star Sports 1 Hindi HD, Star Sports 1 Kannada HD, Star Sports 1 Tamil HD, Star Sports 1 Telugu HD, Star Sports Select 2 HD (English)
Where will PAK vs NZ be live streamed?

The live streaming of the game between Pakistan and New Zealand will be on Disney+ Hotstar. All the mobile users would be able to view the World Cup clash involving the hosts for free of cost on the Disney+ Hotstar mobile app.

Country	Live stream
India	Disney+ Hotstar
Who will win PAK vs NZ?

According to the Dafabet, the following are the odds for this Cricket World Cup 2023 match.

Ready to make your predictions and win on the Cricket World Cup? To find all the latest odds, betting and cricket scores and fixtures from India click here

You can also play Dafabet's CWC 2023 predictor game, and win the latest Apple gadget and big INR prizes, by clicking here!

MOHIT KHAKHAR

Mohit Khakhar is a content producer for The Sporting News India.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/watch-pak-nz-tv-telecast-live-stream-cricket-world-cup-2023-match/3b11f67a37a018b638e801e7 
 ----- 
