मराठी
 
हिंदी
 
Times Now
Follow us on :
 
 
 
 
CRICKET
FOOTBALL
TENNIS
OTHERS
BADMINTON
WWE
ESPORTS
 
LIVE TV
 
MORE+
News> Sports News > Cricket News
T20 World Cup: Netizens in awe of Glenn Phillips' incredible fielding efforts in NZ vs ENG semi-final 1 encounter
Cricket
TN Sports Desk
Updated Nov 10, 2021 | 23:51 IST
Netizens were impressed by New Zealand fielder Glenn Phillips' commitment on the field during New Zealand vs England tie. Phillips has been one of New Zealand's most consistent performers during the T20 World Cup.
Glenn Phillips crashed into the advertisement hoarding while trying to prevent a boundary |Screen Grab 
KEY HIGHLIGHTS
Glenn Phillips earned the praise of cricket fans for his incredible fielding efforts in the New Zealand vs England tie
Phillips made a number of stupendous saves in the field during England's innings in the T20 World Cup semi-final
New Zealand and England are playing the first semi-final of the 2021 T20 WC in Abu Dhabi

Glenn Phillips has turned out to be one of the star performers with the bat for New Zealand during the 2021 T20 WC. While New Zealand's batting has blown hot and cold through the course of the tournament, Philips has been a reliable performer in the middle-order. 

Not only has Philips shown his skills with the bat over the course of the ongoing tournament but he has also established himself as one of the best fielders in world cricket. His incredible ability on the field was on full display during New Zealand's semi-final against England in Abu Dhabi. 

During the England innings, Phillips made a number of astonishing efforts to save runs for the Kiwis and ensure the match does not get away from them. On one occasion, the Kiwi fielder crashed into the advertising hoardings in his endeavor to save the ball from crossing the boundary line. 

Phillips's brilliance on the field did not go unnoticed and he soon became the talk of the internet with cricket fans showering praise on him. 

Check out how netizens reacted to Phillips's fielding efforts 

Glenn Phillips - gun batter, quality wicket-keeper, lightning outfielder, tidy off-spinner.

What a player
— Peter Miller (@TheCricketGeek) November 10, 2021

Runs into the boundary digital screen.
Comes in to bowl the next over.
Stupendous dive to save a boundary in the next one.
Midweek motivation 101 ft. Glenn Phillips! #ENGvsNZ
— Rahul Pandey (@sportstoryguy) November 10, 2021

Commitment by Glenn Phillips....!#T20WorldCup #ENGvsNZ pic.twitter.com/3hbUlwHCXL
— Junaid Khawar (@jjkhawar) November 10, 2021

Can’t believe Glenn Phillips got defeated by some advertising hoarding and was bleeding on the pitch so Kane decided to toss him the ball.
— Lily Franklin (@lilyffranklin13) November 10, 2021

This could have been nasty for Glenn Phillips #ENGvNZ pic.twitter.com/Bvzk15ESOk
— India Fantasy (@india_fantasy) November 10, 2021

Glenn Phillips fielding: pic.twitter.com/uz5yluBjsP
— Deepanjana (@dpanjana) November 10, 2021

OH MY GOD GLENN PHILLIPS WHATS THE FRICKIN SPEED ON THOSE FEET
— Sritama Panda (@cricketpun_duh) November 10, 2021


 

Although Phillips is a wicket-keeper, he has been serving as an outfield fielder during the tournament with Devon Conway wearing the gloves in the tournament. Phillips ended up bowling an over of off-spin in the England innings which went for 11 runs. 

RELATED NEWS
Watch: Daryl Mitchell makes spectacular boundary line save in New Zealand-Afghanistan clash
T20 WC, semi-final 1: Williamson takes stunning catch to remove Bairstow in NZ vs ENG tie - WATCH
England vs New Zealand, T20 World Cup: Head-to-head record, important stats ahead of semi-final 1

In three innings with the bat, Phillips has scored 85 runs with a stupendous average of 42.50 before this match. His knocks played a crucial role in helping New Zealand finish strong against Namibia and Scotland after finding themselves in a tricky position. 

After Kane Williamson won the toss and chose to bowl first, England have put up a total of 166 on the board. Moeen Ali top-scored for the Englishmen with a knock of 51 while David Malan gave him solid support by scoring 41 runs. Tim Southee, Ish Sodhi, Jimmy Neesham, and Adam Milne took one wicket each for the Kiwis. 

Get Sports news including Cricket Live Updates, Football, Tennis, Badminton, WWE and other Sports on Times Now

LATEST SPORTS NEWS
Only a pragmatic taxation regime will make the online gaming industry viable
We try to help niche companies in India develop into sports professionals: Parimatch
Poker is increasingly gaining popularity as the top mind sport: ACL winner Arun Sriram
GoodGameNation enters partnership with Indian youth community platform Viral Fission
Fantasy Sports is bringing fans closer to lesser-known sports
Now Available On
 
 
 
 
News
Home
India
Business
Viral News
Health
Education
Sports
Videos
World
Latest News
Auto
Cryptonow
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Syndication
Editorial Guidelines
Reference Interconnect Offers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Watch Live TV
Times NOW
ET NOW
Mirror NOW
© Bennett Coleman & Company Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/article/t20-world-cup-sf-netizens-in-awe-of-glenn-phillips-incredible-fielding-efforts-in-nz-vs-eng-tie/830818 
 ----- 
