TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Christmas
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Download Our App
Home
TV
Sport
Football
What channel is Northern Ireland v Andorra friendly match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What channel is Northern Ireland v Andorra friendly match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

Check out how to watch Northern Ireland v Andorra in their friendly, including TV channel, live stream coverage and kick-off time.

Getty Images
James Walters
Published: Tuesday, 11 June 2024 at 0:00 pm
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

Northern Ireland face off against Andorra in Spain on Tuesday evening in both side's last international friendly of the year.

Michael O'Neill's men won't be at Euro 2024 in Germany this summer after failing to qualify. They won just three of their 10 qualifiers, and only finished above San Marino in their group.

Northern Ireland played Spain in a friendly last week, with O'Neill's side taking a surprise lead thanks to Dan Ballard's goal after just two minutes.

Watch Northern Ireland v Andorra on Premier Sports

However, the Euro 2024 hopefuls turned it on after going behind, with Luis de la Fuente's men running out 5-1 winners.

Tuesday night's friendly is Northern Ireland's last outing before their Nations League campaign kicks off in September against Luxembourg. They will face off against Bulgaria and Belarus, too.

More like this
What channel is Spain v Northern Ireland international friendly on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

Andorra also played Spain in a friendly last week, as they lost 5-0 thanks to a second-half hat-trick from Real Sociedad's Mikel Oyarzabal.

Koldo Álvarez's side are also preparing for the Nations League, and they'll play Malta and Moldova.

RadioTimes.com has rounded up everything you need to know about how to watch Northern Ireland v Andorra on TV and online.

Read more football features: Best players in the world | Best players of all time | Live football on TV today | Premier League TV schedule | Championship TV schedule

When is Northern Ireland v Andorra?

Northern Ireland v Andorra will take place on Tuesday 11th June 2024.

Check out our live football on TV guide for the latest times and information.

Northern Ireland v Andorra kick-off time

Northern Ireland v Andorra will kick off at 7:45pm.

What TV channel is Northern Ireland v Andorra on?

The game will be shown live on Premier Sports 2.

Premier Sports has returned to the UK after being rebranded as viaplay Sports. You can tune in via TV or online.

How to live stream Northern Ireland v Andorra online

You can watch the match on Premier Sports Player.

Regular subscribers can also stream matches on a variety of devices including laptops, smartphones and tablets via their app.

Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Northern Ireland v Andorra odds

In working partnership with the Radio Times, bet365 has provided the following betting odds for this event:

bet365 odds: Northern Ireland (2/9) Draw (9/2) Andorra (16/1)*

For all the latest football odds and more, visit bet365 today. Bet £10 & Get £30 in Free Bets for new customers at bet365.

Min deposit requirement. Free Bets are paid as Bet Credits and are available for use upon settlement of bets to value of qualifying deposit. Min odds, bet and payment method exclusions apply. Returns exclude Bet Credits stake. Time limits and T&Cs apply.

*Odds subject to change. 18+. T&Cs apply. BeGambleAware.org. Note – The bonus code RT365 does not change the offer amount in any way.

Check out more of our Sport coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
James Walters
Visit us on Twitter
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is Spain v Northern Ireland international friendly on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Northern Ireland v Luxembourg Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is Spain v Northern Ireland international friendly on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Northern Ireland v Luxembourg Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Northern Ireland v Bulgaria Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Luxembourg v Northern Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Win a trip to see The Railway Children

with Bradford City of Culture 2025. One Radio Times reader will win a wonderful trip for four to see The Railway Children. As well as tickets to the show, you will enjoy an overnight stay in a Suite at the four-star Cedar Court Hotel Bradford

ENTER NOW
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2024
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/sport/football/northern-ireland-andorra-friendly-2024-preview/ 
 ----- 
