THE IRISH FA
NEWS
SHOP
STADIUM
STRATEGY
SIGN UP TO OUR NEWSLETTER*
International 
Domestic 
Foundation 
TICKETS
B
Fixtures and results
E
Squads
Northern Ireland Senior Men
Northern Ireland Under 21
Northern Ireland Under 19 Men
Northern Ireland Under 17 Men
Northern Ireland Senior Women
Northern Ireland Under 19 Women
Northern Ireland Under 17 Women
D
GAWA Zone
Supporters' clubs
Fan Experience
REWIND: Watch classic Northern Ireland matches
Northern Ireland Hall of Fame
GAWA Shop
J
JD National Academy
About JD National Academy
B
Fixtures & Results
A
Cup competitions
Clearer Water Irish Cup
Women's Challenge Cup
McComb's Coach Travel Intermediate Cup
fonaCAB Craig Stanfield Junior Cup
Harry Cavan Youth Cup
M
Leagues
NIFL Premiership
NIFL Women’s Premiership
NIFL Championship
NIFL Premier Intermediate League
Northern Ireland Women's Football Association
Northern Amateur Football League
Player Registration Forms
G
Grassroots and Youth Football
Irish FA Football Camps
McDonald's Programmes
Girls' and women's football
Safeguarding
Delivering Let Them Play
Schools Programmes
NI Boys' Football Association
NI Schools' Football Association
Howdens Game Changer Programme
Youth Football Review
Football Community Hubs
K
Disability Football
Coaching
Disability Strategy Booklet
Deaf football
George Best Community Cup
C
Community & Volunteering
Stadium Community Benefits Initiative
How to volunteer
People & Clubs
Stay Onside
Ahead of the Game
Walking Football
Department for Communities
Young Leaders Programme
Fresh Start Through Sport Programme
N
Futsal
Grassroots Futsal Development
Domestic Futsal Competitions
Futsal Coach Education
Futsal Referee Education
International Futsal
Home
International teams
Domestic
Irish FA Foundation
The Irish FA
News
Events
Shop
H TICKETS
Subscribe
Newsletter
Irish FA five-year strategy
Find A Club
Football NI app
Esports
FOTM
IrishCupFinal
Women’s Euro
Tuesday 11 Jun 2024
Players determined to bounce back against Andorra
 Home
 News
Players determined to bounce back against Andorra
There’s a real sense of togetherness in the Northern Ireland senior men’s squad as they prepare to take on Andorra in the second of two friendlies on Spanish soil this month.

Bonds that were already strong have strengthened further thanks to an extended training camp in a sports complex near Murcia.

The itinerary for the camp included friendly games against teams from different ends of the international football spectrum.

First up, on Saturday, was an international challenge match against Spain, one of the world’s best teams and a team determined to make their mark in Germany at UEFA Euro 2024, which kicks off this weekend.

Game two is against Andorra, who are ranked in 164th place in the world compared to their Spanish neighbours in eighth place, and that match takes place later today at Estadio Nueva Condomina in Murcia.  

In media interviews yesterday various Northern Ireland players spoke of how the 5-1 defeat to Spain in Mallorca had shown them the levels that are required to be a tier one team on the global stage.

They insisted they had learned lessons from the game in the Balearic Islands and were not too disheartened at suffering such a defeat.

And they were also keen to stress that the aim is to bounce back against Andorra, to bring a great training camp to a positive conclusion.

Northern Ireland, who are currently ranked 73rd in the world, will be without captain Jonny Evans for the game.

The experienced defender returned home following the friendly against Spain as Northern Ireland manager Michael O’Neill felt it was unrealistic, given his injury niggles during the season, to expect Evans to play another match after he was on the pitch for 90-plus minutes in what was an energy-sapping encounter in Palma.

The armband has been passed to fellow defender Daniel Ballard (pictured) for today’s game.

Ballard has been handed it before during matches, however this will be the first time he will assume the responsibility from the start of a game.

And he said he will be “extremely proud” and “very excited” when he leads the team out to face the Andorrans.

Ballard, who scored Northern Ireland’s goal against the Spanish, insisted the friendly against Spain had provided an opportunity to play against one of the world’s top teams.

He said: “For us to be able to play against them, to see what they do, to see how they move, how they move the ball, the quality they have, it was great for our team to watch and to learn from. It’s only going to make us better.

“Of course, it doesn’t feel nice at the time losing but I think it’s going to do us the world of good moving forward.”

He expects Northern Ireland to have a lot more possession against Andorra than they did against Spain.

He said: “The onus will be on us to go and win the game, to go and score goals. It will be good. We will get to see a lot more of our attacking players. It’s up to us to set the tempo and go and win the game.”

Ballard also revealed he has thoroughly enjoyed the training camp in Spain.

“It has been brilliant. As a group of lads we really know each other well now. There are great relationships in the team and it’s now about building on this,” he pointed out.

Andorra, who lost 5-0 against Spain in a friendly last week, rely on two very experienced midfielders to drive them forward. Marc Vales (34) has 93 caps and five international goals under his belt, while Marco Vieira, aged 39, has 128 caps and two goals.

Marc Vales is with third tier Spanish side Europa, while Vieira (39) plies his trade in the lower leagues in Portugal with Marco.

Up and coming younger players in the squad include 23-year-old Eric Vales, also a midfielder, who plays for Grindavik in Iceland’s second league.

Forward Ricard Fernandez (25) is on the books of Slovenian second tier side Krka and fellow striker Albert Rosas plays for Real Betis B in Spain, while keeper Iker Alvaraz (22) is with Villareal B in Spain.

Where to watch the game

The game against Andorra kicks off at 19.45 BST. It is being shown live - and free of charge - by Premier Sports on YouTube from 19.35 via the link below.

FREE YOUTUBE STREAM | NI V ANDORRA
Related Articles
Vote for the Northern Ireland Men's Goal of the Year 2024
26 December 2024
NI Player Watch | Marshall nets a double
23 December 2024
2024 review: Northern Ireland Under-21s
22 December 2024
2024 review: the U19 Euros
20 December 2024
Vote for the Northern Ireland Senior Women’s Goal of the Year 2024
19 December 2024
2024 review: men’s and women’s U19s and U17s
18 December 2024
Related News
READ MORE INTERNATIONAL NEWS NEWS
Vote for the Northern Ireland Men's Goal of the Year 2024
26 December 2024
NI Player Watch | Marshall nets a double
23 December 2024
2024 review: Northern Ireland Under-21s
22 December 2024
2024 review: the U19 Euros
20 December 2024
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INTERNATIONAL
Fixtures & Results
Tournaments
Squads
Match Day Information
GAWA Zone
Club Zone
FOUNDATION
Grassroots And Youth Football
Disability Football
Community & Volunteering
Futsal
DOMESTIC
Fixture & Results
Cup Competitions
Leagues
ADDITIONAL LINKS
The Irish FA
News
Shop
GAWA Official

Make it official! Find out more

TICKETS
© Irish Football Association 2024
Site Map
Terms of use
Privacy

This website uses cookies. Please click Accept and Close to accept the use of cookies on our website. By continuing to browse our website you consent to the use of cookies on this website.

ACCEPT AND CLOSE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishfa.com/news/2024/june/players-determined-to-bounce-back-against-andorra 
 ----- 
