Skip to Content
News
China
Business
TECH
ENT
Sport
HK
HotTV
Blog
Sport
Pakistan Cricket Board accepts Babar's decision to quit captaincy and focus on batting
2024-10-02 19:18 Last Updated At：19:20

ISLAMABAD (AP) — The Pakistan Cricket Board accepted the resignation of Babar Azam as white-ball captain of the national team on Wednesday and asked the selection committee to recommend his successor.

The PCB said it had backed Babar as the T20 and ODI captain, but his decision to resign reflected “his desire to focus more on making a greater impact as a player.”

Babar announced Tuesday he was stepping down, saying he wanted to deliver more for the team as a player and could make a bigger impact by concentrating on his batting.

“Babar Azam tendered his resignation on Tuesday evening, and it has been accepted,” the PCB said in a statement. “The national selection committee has been tasked with beginning the process of formulating future white-ball cricket strategies, including recommending a new captain.”

PCB’s white-ball selection committee includes head coach Gary Kirsten and former international cricketer Asad Shafiq.

Pakistan has a busy white-ball schedule over the next six months, which starts with the tour of Australia next month where it will play three ODIs and three Twenty20s.

Pakistan's white-ball team then tours Zimbabwe and South Africa before playing a triangular ODI series at home against New Zealand and South Africa as part of its preparation for the Champions Trophy, which is scheduled to be held in Pakistan in February. Pakistan is also scheduled to tour New Zealand for five T20s and three ODIs after the Champions Trophy in March.

AP cricket: https://apnews.com/hub/cricket

FILE - Pakistan's captain Babar Azam waits for the coin toss before the beginning of the ICC Men's T20 World Cup cricket match between Ireland and Pakistan at the Central Broward Regional Park Stadium, Lauderhill, Fla., Sunday, June 16, 2024. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky, File)

Next Article
Gilgeous-Alexander scores 33 as Thunder rally past Knicks 117-107 for 14th straight win
2025-01-04 12:06 Last Updated At：12:11

OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — Shai Gilgeous-Alexander scored 33 points and the Oklahoma City Thunder rallied in the fourth quarter to win their 14th straight game, 117-107 over the New York Knicks on Friday night.

Jalen Williams added 20 points and Aaron Wiggins scored 15 of his 19 points in the final period, when Oklahoma City erased an 88-80 deficit by outscoring the Knicks 37-19.

Isaiah Hartenstein, playing against his former team for the first time, contributed 14 rebounds, seven assists and four points for the Thunder (29-5), whose loss to Milwaukee in the NBA Cup championship game on Dec. 17 does not count in the standings.

Mikal Bridges scored 24 points for New York (25-10), which had its nine-game winning streak snapped. Karl-Anthony Towns finished with 17 points and 22 rebounds. Jalen Brunson added 22 points, OG Anunoby scored 20 and Josh Hart had 19.

The game was the fourth in the NBA's 79-year history between teams on winning streaks of nine games or more.

New York led 66-54 at halftime. Oklahoma City outscored the Knicks 26-22 in the third quarter to trim the lead to single digits and set the stage for the team's third comeback in three games.

Knicks: New York allowed Oklahoma City to dictate the tempo in the fourth quarter.

Thunder: Oklahoma City put together big third quarters to rally for wins over Minnesota and the Clippers. They waited until the fourth to take control against the Knicks.

Oklahoma City trailed 97-92 midway through the fourth when Wiggins went to work, sparking a 25-10 run with three 3-pointers and a three-point play.

Oklahoma City made 14 of 27 3-pointers (51.9%) compared to 9 of 32 (21.8%) for New York.

The Knicks visit Chicago on Saturday, and the Thunder host Boston on Sunday.

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

New York Kincks center Karl-Anthony Towns, right, pushes past Oklahoma City Thunder forward Kenrich Williams, left, during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Friday, Jan. 3, 2025, in Oklahoma City. (AP Photo/Kyle Phillips)

New York Kincks guard Jalen Brunson, right, drives past Oklahoma City Thunder guard Luguentz Dort, left, during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Friday, Jan 3, 2025, in Oklahoma City. (AP Photo/Kyle Phillips)

Oklahoma City Thunder center Isaiah Hartenstein, right, tries to get to a rebound before New York Knicks center Karl-Anthony Towns, left, during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Friday, Jan 3, 2025, in Oklahoma City. (AP Photo/Kyle Phillips)

Oklahoma City Thunder guard Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, middle, shoots in front of New York Knicks guard Josh Hart, left, and center Karl-Anthony Towns, right, during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Friday, Jan 3, 2025, in Oklahoma City. (AP Photo/Kyle Phillips)

Oklahoma City Thunder guard Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, right, shoots over New York Knicks center Karl-Anthony Towns, left, and forward Mikal Bridges, middle, during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Friday, Jan 3, 2025, in Oklahoma City. (AP Photo/Kyle Phillips)

Oklahoma City Thunder forward Jalen Williams celebrates a dunk during the second half of an NBA basketball game agains thte New York Knicks, Friday, Jan 3, 2025, in Oklahoma City. (AP Photo/Kyle Phillips)

Oklahoma City Thunder guard Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, left, celebrates after guard Aaron Wiggins, right, made a basket during the second half of an NBA basketball game against the New York Knicks, Friday, Jan 3, 2025, in Oklahoma City. (AP Photo/Kyle Phillips)

Recommended Articles
Hideki Matsuyama sets the target at Kapalua and leads Collin Morikawa by 1
McCollum’s 50 points helps the Pelicans snap an 11-game skid with a 132-120 win over the Wizards
Soderblom stops 38 shots as Blackhawks end 5-game skid with 4-2 win over Canadiens
Brandon Saad gets third career hat trick to help Blues beat Senators 4-0
India star bowler Bumrah taken to a hospital for scans during 5th test against Australia
Heat suspend Jimmy Butler for 7 games and will seek to trade him
Magic’s Jalen Suggs leaves game against Raptors in wheelchair because of back spasms
Hot · Posts
Today
Week
Month
Top 1

Rickelton and Bavuma centuries lead South Africa while Pakistan loses injured Ayub

Top 2

4.8-magnitude earthquake hits northwest China's Ningxia

Top 3

Hong Kong International Open Chess Championship Concludes Successfully Chinese Players Crowned in Both Categories

Top 4

Fatal Motorcycle Accident in Ngau Tau Kok Leaves One Dead, Another Injured

Top 5

Sharma's karma as India crumbles after skipper dropped for 5th test against Australia

Top 6

China applies fair export control measures in accordance with law: spokeswoman

Top 7

CES 2025: JMGO Showcases the Future of Projectors with AI-Powered 'Bright, Even in Sunlight' Innovation

Top 8

YARBO TO SHOWCASE UPGRADES TO ITS INNOVATIVE MODULAR YARD CARE ROBOT AT CES 2025 IN LAS VEGAS

Top 9

GIGABYTE Unveils Two Groundbreaking QD-OLED Monitors at CES 2025: Setting New Standards in Speed and Clarity

Top 10

China reaffirms commitment to green transition and dual-carbon goals: NDRC

Top 11

China's largest integrated PV-hydrogen-storage project begins power generation

Top 12

China to use ultra-long special treasury bond funds to support key works in 2025

Top 13

China's energy consumption intensity expected to drop for 3 pct in 2024: official

Top 14

Luke Littler becomes the youngest world darts champion at 17

Top 15

ITTF President hails 2024 as landmark year for global table tennis

Blogger
admin
Bastille Commentary
Mao Paishou
Sylvia Chen
Wing Ki Wong
Mark Pinkstone
What Say You?
Ariel
Fang Chen
Yan Shu Shen
Lai See(利是)
pe_leetung
Deep Throat
Ivy Xu
pe_jason
Copyright
User Terms
Privacy Terms
Contact Us
About Us
承印人：巴士的報有限公司 （香港九龍觀塘鴻圖道81號Contempo Place 10樓B室）

© 2025 Bastillepost. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bastillepost.com/global/article/4211711-pakistan-cricket-board-accepts-babars-decision-to-quit-captaincy-and-focus-on-batting 
 ----- 
