Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
GUARDIANS
Guardians rookie loses bid for perfect game on base hit in 7th inning vs. White Sox
Updated: Sep. 09, 2024, 11:00 p.m.|Published: Sep. 09, 2024, 9:52 p.m.
33
1/33
Cleveland Guardians vs. Chicago White Sox, Sept. 9, 2024
By Joe Noga, cleveland.com

CLEVELAND, Ohio — Guardians rookie Joey Cantillo’s bid to end Cleveland’s 43-year no-hitter drought ended in the seventh inning Monday on a base hit to right field by White Sox outfielder Andrew Benintendi.

Cantillo, 24, making his fifth major league start (sixth appearance), tossed 6 2/3 perfect frames before Benintendi yanked a 2-0 slider on the ground past a diving Andrés Giménez at second.

0:00
/
0:56
Keep Watching
'We got to find our rhythm early,' Hurts help Eagles beat Packers 22-10 in wild-card win to reach divisional round'We got to find our rhythm early,' Hurts help Eagles beat Packers 22-10 in wild-card win to reach divisional round
MORE GUARDIANS COVERAGE
Guardians’ 2025 roster analysis: veterans, rookies and prospects — The week in baseball
Guardians fans want clarity on Josh Naylor, Andres Gimenez trades: Hey, Hoynsie
Exploring the Guardians’ approach to arbitration deals (Podcast)

Cantillo retired the first 20 batters he faced, utilizing a devastating changeup on his way to a career-high 10 strikeouts. He becomes the second Guardians pitcher in the last two weeks to toss at least six perfect innings in a game, joining teammate Alex Cobb who was perfect through six against the Pirates at Progressive Field on Sept. 1.

Cantillo was looking to become the first Cleveland pitcher with a perfect game or no-hitter since Len Barker blanked the Blue Jays on May 15, 1981, and the first rookie to throw a perfect game in major league history.

Barker’s perfect game took place 43 years, two months and six days ago, a span of 15,823 days. Every other team in the majors has thrown a no-hitter since then.

Cantillo becomes the seventh Cleveland pitcher to throw at least six no-hit innings since 1992. Cobb, Triston McKenzie, Carlos Carrasco, Cody Anderson, Corey Kluber and Charles Nagy all went at least six innings without allowing a hit in the last 32 years.

Carrasco’s bid went the deepest of those, as Joey Butler broke things up with two out in the ninth inning on a line drive base hit over the glove of Jason Kipnis.

If you or a loved one has questions and needs to talk to a professional about gambling, call the Ohio Problem Gambling Helpline at 1-800-589-9966 or the National Council on Program Gambling Helpline (NCPG) at 1-800-522-4700 or visit 1800gambler.net for more information. 21+ and present in Ohio. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/guardians/2024/09/guardians-rookie-loses-bid-for-perfect-game-on-base-hit-in-8th-inning-vs-white-sox.html 
 ----- 
