SPORTS ALERT: Commanders top Buccaneers for NFC Wild Card win

Close alert.
Click to toggle navigation menu.
NEWS
TRAFFIC
WEATHER
 Live Radio
Listen Live
 Login
Home » Sports » Guardians LHP Joey Cantillo…
This article is about 4 months old
Guardians LHP Joey Cantillo loses bid for perfect game with two outs in the 7th inning

The Associated Press

September 9, 2024, 9:55 PM

Share This:
share on facebook
share on X
share on threads
share on linkedin
share on email
print

CHICAGO (AP) — Cleveland Guardians left-hander Joey Cantillo retired his first 20 batters Monday night before Andrew Benintendi singled with two outs in the seventh inning to give the Chicago White Sox their first baserunner.

Cantillo struck out Corey Julks and retired Luis Robert Jr. on a liner to right field before Benintendi hit a grounder into right.

Benintendi advanced on a wild pitch before Andrew Vaughn dumped an RBI single into left.

Cantillo has 10 strikeouts in his fifth career start and sixth major league appearance overall. The 24-year-old has thrown 99 pitches, 65 for strikes.

Cantillo, recalled from Triple-A Columbus earlier in the day, is looking for his first major league win. He stepped into the rotation after Alex Cobb was scratched Saturday because of a blister on his right middle finger.

Cleveland had a 5-1 lead.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Copyright © 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.

Related News
Sports Betting Line
Australian Open Results
Alex Michelsen upsets Tsitsipas at the Australian Open and thanks his Mom
Recommended
WSSC Water urges residents in Prince George’s, Montgomery counties to ‘conserve water’
Schools around the DC region announce 2-hour delays
‘One of the best’: Montgomery Co. firefighters mourn death of colleague who died battling house fire
Related Categories:
	Sports
Around the Web
Gilligan's Island' Star Is Almost 103 And He's Still Around
Health Trition
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Rank Upwards
Dermatologist Tells How to Defeat Nail Fungus in 3 Days
Nuubu
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
IRS 'prepared' for 2025 filing season, but potential spending cuts loom for the agency
For 2025, the return of IT efficiency and effectiveness
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Federal retirements, OPM's backlog dropped in 2024
 

5425 Wisconsin Ave
Chevy Chase, MD 20815

 

hello@wtop.com

 

202.895.5000

Copyright © 2025 by WTOP. All rights reserved. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

About Us
News Philosophy
News Team
Careers
Advertise
Contests
Contacts
News Tips
Charities
Events
Press
Podcasts
Federal News Network
Sign up for or manage your WTOP email subscriptions
Email
Go
facebook
instagram
x
tiktok
youtube
threads
Feedback Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Hubbard Radio DMCA Notice EEO FCC Public Inspection Files FCC Applications Do Not Sell My Info – CA Resident Only
Cookie Consent
Through our own and third-party cookies, we collect and share with third parties electronic network activity personal identifiers (including IP addresses and device identifiers) to allow the website to function, store your preferences, analyze your usage of the website, and to measure ad performance and target ads to you. To opt out, please click ‘Do Not Sell.’ If we have detected an opt-out preference signal then it will be honored. For additional information, please see ourPrivacy Policy
Customize Accept Cookies
✕
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wtop.com/sports/2024/09/guardians-lhp-joey-cantillo-has-pitched-6-perfect-innings-against-the-white-sox/ 
 ----- 
