Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Jack Smith resigns
Kohl’s store closings
Chase Chrisley
Mike Vrabel
SPORTS
Cantillo gets his 1st major league win as the Guardians knock off the White Sox 5-3
1 of 8 |  

Cleveland Guardians starting pitcher Joey Cantillo throws against the Chicago White Sox during the first inning of a baseball game Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

2 of 8 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Josh Naylor celebrates after scoring on a double by Lane Thomas during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

3 of 8 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Bo Naylor runs the bases after hitting a home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

4 of 8 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Bo Naylor celebrates after hitting a home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

5 of 8 |  

Chicago White Sox pitcher Jairo Iriarte bites his glove after being removed from the mound by interim manager Grady Sizemore during the fifth inning of a baseball game Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

6 of 8 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Jhonkensy Noel removes his glove after Chicago White Sox pitcher Jairo Iriarte walked him, forcing in a run by Steven Kwan, during the fifth inning of a baseball game Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

7 of 8 |  

Chicago White Sox interim manager Grady Sizemore walks to the mound to make a pitching change during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

8 of 8 |  

Chicago White Sox interim manager Grady Sizemore, right, pats designated hitter Bryan Ramos (44) on the back after Ramos was struck out by the Cleveland Guardians during the third inning of a baseball game Monday, Sept. 9, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

BY  JAY COHEN
Updated 3:33 AM UTC, September 10, 2024
Share

CHICAGO (AP) — Joey Cantillo pitched seven sparkling innings for his first major league win, and the Cleveland Guardians beat the Chicago White Sox 5-3 on Monday night.

Cantillo was working on a perfect game before Andrew Benintendi grounded a single into right field with two outs in the seventh. Benintendi advanced on a wild pitch and scored on Andrew Vaughn’s single, but Korey Lee bounced to third for the final out of the inning.

Cantillo (1-3) struck out a career-high 10 in his fifth start and sixth major league appearance overall. The 24-year-old left-hander, recalled from Triple-A Columbus earlier in the day, stepped into the rotation after Alex Cobb was scratched Saturday because of a blister.

“That was a beautifully pitched game,” Guardians manager Stephen Vogt said.

Asked if the seventh was Cantillo’s last inning no matter what, a grinning Vogt played it coy.

“Let’s just say I was not too upset that the hit happened,” he said. “Yeah, I mean you get to that point in the game and we have to think of his health, we have to think of the rest of the season.”

David Fry and Bo Naylor homered for Cleveland, and Steven Kwan reached three times from the leadoff spot and scored two runs.

RELATED STORIES
Former Cy Young winner Shane Bieber returning to Cleveland Guardians on 1-year deal, AP source says
D-backs acquire 1B Josh Naylor from Guardians, who fill gap by adding Carlos Santana, AP source says
Guardians trade Gold Glove 2B Andrés Giménez to Blue Jays, get RHP Luis Ortiz in deal with Pirates

The Guardians increased their AL Central lead to 3 1/2 games over second-place Kansas City, which lost 10-4 to the New York Yankees.

“It means a lot,” Cantillo said of his first win. “I mean, a little weight lifted off, I guess. ... We know how important that is to just get that win. A team win.”

It was a franchise-record 13th consecutive home loss and No. 15 in 17 games overall for the lowly White Sox. At 33-112, they are approaching the majors’ modern record for most losses — 120 by the 1962 New York Mets in their inaugural season.

Bryan Ramos hit his first big league homer for Chicago in the eighth, a two-run drive off Nick Sandlin. Emmanuel Clase handled the ninth for his 43rd save in 46 opportunities.

“I was looking at the score a couple of times and I say, ‘What’s going on? Come on, guys. I know we can do it,’” Ramos said. “Finally Benny got a hit. After that, the team kind of got going.”

Fry lifted Cleveland to a 3-0 lead when he hit a solo drive off Jared Shuster (1-4) in the third. Naylor went deep against Enyel De Los Santos in the fourth.

It was the 14th homer of the season for Fry and No. 12 for Naylor.

“Our guys had great at-bats for the majority of the night,” Vogt said.

Chicago dropped to 5-23 since Grady Sizemore took over as interim manager on Aug. 8, replacing Pedro Grifol. Sizemore, 42, was a three-time All-Star outfielder while spending the first eight years of his playing career with Cleveland.

“I have nothing but good memories from my time there,” Sizemore said before the game. “I guess it’s always a little exciting and a little motivation when you’re playing your old team, but just trying to focus on our guys really and just put together another good series.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

White Sox: 3B Yoán Moncada (left adductor strain) is going to continue with his rehab stint with Triple-A Charlotte for now. “He’s been responding well, but at this point, we want to continue to make sure he’s in a good spot and he feels good about where his body’s at before we make a decision on bringing him back,” general manager Chris Getz said.

UP NEXT

Jonathan Cannon (3-9, 4.53 ERA) starts for Chicago on Tuesday night. The rookie right-hander pitched 5 2/3 innings of one-run ball in an 8-1 victory at Baltimore on Wednesday. Cleveland had not announced its starter.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

JAY COHEN
Cohen is a national baseball writer and an editor on the AP’s sports desk. Based in Chicago, he also covers hockey, football and basketball, along with international water polo.
twitter
 
facebook
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Alabama railroad operator says engineer didn't see 3 homeles...
Get a Balance Transfer Card Now & Pay 0% Interest Until...
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
PHOTO COLLECTION: Trump Inauguration Rehearsal
Down 32, Pitt women tie NCAA Division I women's comeback...
Pastrnak's goal in OT lifts Bruins over Panthers 4-3 and...
Canada's former leader Chrétien has blunt advice for Trump:...
Jean Chrétien, who was Canada’s prime minister from 1993 to 2003, joined a...
AP News
Alex Michelsen upsets Tsitsipas at the Australian Open and...
Alex Michelsen produced the biggest win so far of his fledgling career to upset 202...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Easier Diabetes Manag ement with Dexcom G7
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smallest and Most Accurate CGM
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Feel Well with Axial Spondyloarthr...
Self
Advertisement:
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read More
3 Simple Steps to Use Cinnamon for Lower Blood Sugar
Longevity Portal
Advertisement:
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Supreme Court to weigh reinstat ing Obamacare care requireme...
The Supreme Court agreed Friday to consider some reinstating preventative...
AP News
Plan for stricter lobster fishing rules scrapped amid strong op...
Fishing regulators have scrapped a plan for stricter fishing rules amid concerns abou...
AP News
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates historical...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Judge holds Rudy Giuliani in contempt of court for continue...
Rudy Giuliani has been found in contempt of court for continuing to spread lies abo...
AP News
Jayden Daniels leads Commande rs to first playoff win in nearly...
Jayden Daniels ran for a critical first down to set up Zane Gonzalez’s 37-yard field...
AP News
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Empty Cruises Departing From South Carolina That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Top Searcher Now:Advertisement
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle ?
Puzzloom:Advertisement
Read Now
Pay No Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet:Advertisement
Get Offer
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/guardians-white-sox-score-82704ea2e3bbe61b18771c6b4f01b9b9 
 ----- 
