Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Ohio State vs Texas
US winter storm
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Diamondbacks’ magical season ends with a thud against Rangers in World Series
1 of 5 |  

Members of the Arizona Diamondbacks watch during the ninth inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series against the Texas Rangers Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

2 of 5 |  

Texas Rangers catcher Jonah Heim celebrates after Game 5 of the baseball World Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2023, in Phoenix. The Rangers won 5-0 to win the series 4-1. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

3 of 5 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks relief pitcher Paul Sewald leaves the field after the top of the ninth inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series against the Texas Rangers Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

4 of 5 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks relief pitcher Paul Sewald looks down as the Texas Rangers celebrate after winning Game 5 of the baseball World Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2023, in Phoenix. The Rangers won 5-0 to win the series 4-1. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

Read More
5 of 5 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks’ Ketel Marte (4) walks toward the dugout as the Texas Rangers celebrate after winning Game 5 of the baseball World Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2023, in Phoenix. The Rangers won 5-0 to win the series 4-1. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

Read More
BY  JOHN MARSHALL
Updated 4:11 AM UTC, November 2, 2023
Share

PHOENIX (AP) — The Arizona Diamondbacks were supposed to be contenders next year, when their young players would be more seasoned and their top prospects ready for the big leagues.

The Diamondbacks accelerated the timeline, shaking up the baseball world with an extended postseason stay.

Arizona’s bid for a second World Series title was stopped by a 5-0 loss to the Texas Rangers in Game 5 on Wednesday night, but the NL pennant is certainly something the Diamondbacks can build upon.

“You want to be the last team standing. You want to be in the middle of a pile and have everybody pile on top of you. That’s the best feeling in the world,” Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said. “Some have been there and we’re going to continue to climb that mountain. Once we get there, we want to stay there for a long time.”

Two years removed from losing 110 games, the Diamondbacks shook off a midseason swoon to reach the playoffs for the first time since 2017. They proceeded to take down Milwaukee, the Dodgers and Philadelphia on their way to their first World Series appearance since they won the 2001 championship.

The Rangers exposed Arizona’s weaknesses in the Fall Classic.

RELATED STORIES
Corbin Burnes and Arizona Diamondbacks agree to $210 million, 6-year deal, AP source says
Corbin Burnes and D-backs finalize $210 million, 6-year deal that's the richest in team history
Corbin Burnes' $210 million, 6-year deal with D-backs includes $64 million deferred through 2036

Arizona managed to overcome its lack of depth in its rotation through the first three rounds of the playoffs, but it cost them in the World Series.

Zac Gallen and Merrill Kelly carried the heaviest loads, and Brandon Pfaadt was solid after being sent to the minors twice during his rookie season.

With no fourth starter, the Diamondbacks were forced into a bullpen night for Game 4 of the World Series — a tactic that didn’t turn out well. The Rangers had a 10-0 lead after three innings and won 11-7 to take a a 3-1 Series lead.

Arizona’s bullpen, a strength down the stretch of the regular season, also faltered in a Game 1 loss, giving up Corey Seager’s two-run homer in the ninth inning and Adolis García’s walk-off homer in the 11th.

Gallen struggled early in the postseason, losing the form that put him in contention for the NL Cy Young Award. The right-hander regained it in Game 6, pitching six hitless innings before giving up a run on three hits.

“I would have rather given up 1,000 runs and still win the game,” Gallen said. “You get to this stage and you don’t care about the personal accolades or personal accomplishments. Really, you just want to do what you can to give the team a chance to win.”

Gallen did, but it wasn’t enough as some of Arizona’s biggest bats during the regular season went quiet in the Fall Classic.

Second baseman Ketel Marte had a huge playoff run. He had at least one hit in the first 16 games, giving him a record 20-game postseason hit streak to begin his career.

Marte struck out looking for the final out of Game 5, but he walked three times to extend his on-base streak to 21 games. That is tied with Daniel Murphy’s 21 games from 2015-17 for the second-longest such streak to begin a postseason career, trailing Boog Powell’s 25 games from 1966-71.

But Christian Walker, Arizona’s regular-season home run leader with 33, had a difficult postseason at the plate, hitting .217 with one homer and seven RBIs.

Corbin Carroll, the favorite for NL Rookie of the Year, went 5 for 23 in the World Series with no homers. Arizona had five hits and went 0 for 9 with runners in scoring position in Game 5.

“There’s always going to be things to look back and wish it turned out differently,” Walker said. “But at the end of the day, we gave everything we had and there’s no regrets.”

The Diamondbacks had one of baseball’s best defenses during the regular season, yet faltered at key moments in the World Series.

Walker mishandled a ball that led to a five-run third inning in Game 4 and center fielder Alek Thomas overran a ball in the ninth in Game 5, allowing a run to score in the four-run inning.

“We weren’t playing freely defensively and you see what happens when you make mistakes like that,” Lovullo said. “You do it against good teams on this level In the final series of the year, it compounds itself and led to some crooked numbers.”

A breakthrough season ended in a desert disappointment, but the Diamondbacks are in a prime position for the long haul with a young core of players who now know what it takes to get to that big stage.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
What’s my car worth? Take a look here (you might be surpri...
Cars Value
:
Advertisement
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
Trump, the 'America First' cand idate, has a new preoccupation: Imperialism
Trump can still vote after senten cing, but can't own a gun and...
President-elect Donald Trump doesn’t have to go to jail, pay a fine or perform...
AP News
Appeals court denies bid to block public release of special...
A federal appeals court has denied a bid to block the public release of special couns...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Iowa That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Game shows what the world without US military interventions...
This strategy games makes you become a player in the crucial situations of history.
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates historical scenarios
This game takes you back to a crucial moment in US history.
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
8 Things To Know About Lupus and Autoi mmune Conditions
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Anita Bryant, a popular singer who became known for opposi...
Anita Bryant, a former Miss Oklahoma and popular singer who became known over...
AP News
Judge scraps Biden's Title IX rules, reversing expansion of...
The Biden administration’s Title IX rules expanding protections for LGBTQ+...
AP News
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Silent Dangers of Atop ic Dermatitis - Recogni ze the Signs
Atopic Dermatitis
Advertisement:
Learn More
Finally, play the best strategy game for free
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
U.S. citizen denied entry into Poland after security staff...
A U.S. citizen has been barred from entering Poland because her passport wa...
AP News
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border...
President-elect Donald Trump is preparing more than 100 executive orders starting...
AP News
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs:Advertisement
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx:Advertisement
Itchy skin: A silent Symptom of AD (Must Know)
Atopic Dermatitis:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/world-series-texas-rangers-arizona-diamondbacks-7d6b009fd38f43938c006182d8b908d3 
 ----- 
