Skip to content
Subscribe Now
22°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Active Seniors
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Texas Rangers win first World Series title with 5-0 win over Diamondbacks in Game 5
1 of 6

Texas Rangers’ Mitch Garver celebrates after a RBI single against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the seventh inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: November 1, 2023 at 11:31 PM EDT

By DAVID BRANDT
The Associated Press

PHOENIX — Nathan Eovaldi pitched six gutsy innings, Mitch Garver broke a scoreless tie with an RBI single in the seventh and the Texas Rangers are World Series champions for the first time in their 63-year franchise history after beating the Arizona Diamondbacks 5-0 in Game 5 on Wednesday night.

Marcus Semien homered late and the Rangers, held hitless for six innings by Zac Gallen, finished a record 11-0 on the road this postseason by capping the Fall Classic with three straight wins in the desert.

One night after Texas took a 10-run lead by the third in a Game 4 snoozer, it finished the Series by outlasting the Diamondbacks in a white-knuckle pitchers’ duel through eight innings, piling on four runs in the ninth for good measure.

Texas Rangers’ Marcus Semien celebrates his two-run home run with Jonah Heim against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the ninth inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

Gallen took a no-hitter into the seventh before giving up an opposite-field single to Corey Seager, whose weak grounder found a hole. Rangers rookie Evan Carter — all of 21 years old — followed with a double into the right-center gap. Garver then delivered the first run, pumping his fist as a hard-hit grounder got through the middle of the infield to score Seager and make it 1-0.

Garver was 1 for 17 at the plate in the World Series before his huge hit.

The Rangers tacked on four more runs in the ninth to break open the game. Semien’s two-run homer off Paul Sewald made it 5-0. The outburst was typical of the Texas offense, which scored at least three runs in an inning 13 times this postseason.

Eovaldi pitched out of trouble all night before Aroldis Chapman and Josh Sborz finished it.

It’s the first title for the Rangers, whose history dates back to 1961 when they were the expansion Washington Senators. They moved to Texas for the 1972 season and came agonizingly close to a World Series championship in 2011, needing just one strike on two occasions before eventually falling to the St. Louis Cardinals.

Now, after five stadiums, roughly two dozen managers and 10,033 games, the Rangers are champions.

It wasn’t easy. Texas led the AL West for a big chunk of the season, but coughed up the division title on the final day of the regular season to rival Houston. The Rangers also weathered injuries to key pieces, particularly ace pitcher Jacob deGrom.

That loss in the regular-season finale at Seattle left the Rangers with the No. 5 seed in the AL playoffs and it sent them across the country to open the playoffs at Tampa Bay, part of two-week trip that took them to four cities — two on each coast. Then Texas got its revenge against Houston, winning a hard-fought series in seven games that brought them to the World Series.

Texas Rangers’ Mitch Garver celebrates after a RBI single against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the seventh inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

Finally, the Rangers had to get past the Diamondbacks, who won just 84 games during the regular season but beat the Brewers, Dodgers and Phillies in a remarkable postseason run that finally fizzled.

Gallen was one of the best pitchers in the majors this season, starting for the National League in the All-Star game. But the 28-year-old hadn’t been as sharp in the playoffs, with a 2-2 record and 5.27 ERA over five starts.

That changed on Wednesday. The bespectacled righty was at his best, mowing down the first 14 hitters he faced before walking Nathaniel Lowe. He got some help from his defense in the fourth — shortstop Geraldo Perdomo made a nice grab on a hard-hit grounder from Marcus Semien, and Christian Walker was there to snag the one-hop throw to first.

In the fifth, Lourdes Gurriel Jr. tracked down Josh Jung’s shot into the left-center gap, catching it a few steps in front of the 413-foot sign.

Eovaldi wasn’t quite as sharp, but still matched Gallen’s zeros on the scoreboard despite walking five, which was his most in an outing since 2013.

The D-backs had some juicy opportunities to score in the first five innings, but couldn’t convert, going 0 for 9 with runners in scoring position.

Eovaldi made it through six, giving up four hits and striking out five over 97 pitches.

Texas Rangers relief pitcher Josh Sborz and catcher Jonah Heim celebrate after winning Game 5 of the baseball World Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2023, in Phoenix. The Rangers won 5-0 to win the series 4-1. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

FOUR FOR BOCHY

Texas manager Bruce Bochy won his fourth title 13 years to the day after his first, which came in 2010 when the San Francisco Giants beat the Rangers he now leads. He also won titles with the Giants in 2012 and 2014.

Bochy is the sixth manager to win four titles, joining Casey Stengel (seven), Joe McCarthy (seven), Connie Mack (five), Walter Alston (four) and Joe Torre (four). All of them are in the Hall of Fame and when Bochy’s career is over, it seems a given that his name will be immortalized in Cooperstown as well.

The Rangers have been on track for this moment since Dec. 1, 2021, when they committed more than a half billion dollars to sign Semien, Seager and pitcher Jon Gray, who delivered a crucial three-inning relief performance in Game 3. Big spending doesn’t always lead to titles — just ask the Mets and Padres — but for the Rangers, it worked.

THEN THERE WERE FIVE

Now that the Rangers have finally won their World Series title, there are only five franchises remaining without a championship: The Colorado Rockies, Milwaukee Brewers, San Diego Padres, Seattle Mariners and Tampa Bay Rays.

The Diamondbacks won the only title in franchise history in 2001.

Originally Published: November 1, 2023 at 11:24 PM EDT
Around the Web
America's Most Miserable Cities, Ranked 1-30
SpilledDaily
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Lookup Love on Classmates.com®
Classmates
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
rankupwards.com
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Council Bluffs: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $150/month - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
Doing This Will Make Electricity Companies Angry, but They Can't Stop You
Saving Detector
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Tardive
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
The Solution To Your Denim Dilemma Is Here | Up To 50% Off Sitewide
Lucky Brand
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Council Bluffs Are Being Sold Almost for Nothin
Storage Units
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
10 Most Harmful Dinner Foods to Eat in the Evening
HEALTH NATURAL
Arthritis or Joint Pain? Do This Immediately (Watch Results in 4 Days)
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
Restore Perfect 20/20 Vision Without Glasses, Surgery or Lens (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
Nerve Pain May Become a Thing of The Past for People With Neuropathy
WellnessGaze Neuro
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Top 15 Worst Foods to Eat for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Nеurоpathу Breakthrough: Experts Speechless
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Surgeon: Easy Method Relieves Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) - Stop Doing This
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Do This to Regrow Your Hair (Once Daily)
WG Hair Restore
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
The Truth About Heart Health (Watch if You're Over 53)
WellnessGaze Heart
This Simple After-Dinner Ritual Might Help You Get Rid of Stubborn Body Fat!
The Daily Survivor
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Trey McKenney’s 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Trey McKenney's 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Macy’s to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
Macy’s to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SPORTS
North Farmington displays progress, picks up second league victory at West Bloomfield
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Photos of North Farmington vs. West Bloomfield in OAA Red boys hoops action
Ohio State getting shot at 6th national title after 28-14 win over Texas in CFP semi Cotton Bowl
Red Wings hold off Blackhawks 5-3 for 6th straight victory
2023
November
1
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place a Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Daily Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2023/11/01/texas-rangers-win-first-world-series-title-with-5-0-win-over-diamondbacks-in-game-5/ 
 ----- 
