This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Cookie Policy
CLOSE
Weather
29°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
For Texas QB Quinn Ewers, Cotton Bowl loss to Ohio State is harsh way to be remembered
Car crashes during icy weather down from average January day in Dallas last year
TV host and author Joyce Meyer plans to pause her program with Daystar Television Network
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
Kohl’s closing Dallas site amid pullback on ‘underperforming’ stores
5 thoughts from Texas-Ohio State: Longhorns stuffed in red zone, title run comes to an end
Dallas-Fort Worth treacherous road conditions to stretch into Saturday morning
‘Real Housewives of New York’ star shares D-FW travel woes on social media
Deja vu: For second straight year, Texas’ CFP hopes end with excruciating semifinal loss
How could Texas politics influence UT president search after Hartzell’s departure?
ADVERTISEMENT
THIS IS MEMBER-EXCLUSIVE CONTENT

SPORTSRANGERS

These resilient Rangers can go no higher. For first time, they are World Series champions
The Rangers beat the Diamondbacks in five games to win the 2023 World Series, their first in franchise history.

By Evan Grant

Rangers beat writer/insider

Nov. 1, 2023
|
Updated 10:00 p.m. CDT
|
6 min. read
Texas Rangers’ Marcus Semien, center, celebrates winning the World Series after defeating the Arizona Diamondbacks 5-0 in Game 5 of the World Series, Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2023, in Phoenix.(Smiley N. Pool / Staff Photographer)

PHOENIX – Sorry, Creed. The answer is: No.

You cannot take them higher.

The Rangers are world champions.

No-hit for six innings on a warm Wednesday night in the desert, the Rangers put more than 50 years of futility to rest with a 5-0 win over Arizona to clinch their first World Series title. They won the best-of-seven series, 4-1.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

On the way to the title, the team that adopted the ‘90s post-grunge band Creed’s anthem “Higher,” for much of the second half of the season and which happily scarfed hot dogs wherever it could find them won all 11 road games they played in the postseason, an MLB record.

Related:Rangers fans proudly celebrate World Series win at Globe Life Field watch party in Texas
ADVERTISEMENT

D-backs pitcher Zac Gallen didn’t allow a baserunner through four and didn’t allow a hit through six, but it also meant facing the Rangers’ lineup a third time. No. 2 hitter Corey Seager, who won his second World Series MVP in a four-year span, squibbed a curve ball through the empty left side of the infield to start a rally. Mitch Garver’s single drove him home.

The Rangers scored four runs in the ninth to blow it open. It was punctuated by Marcus Semien’s two-out homer. It was his second homer in as many games after going without one for the postseason.

“Just emotional,” Semien said during a postgame TV interview. “Everything I’ve ever worked for is for this moment. Kind of a crazy game. We’re getting no hit through six or whatever it was. Gallen was unbelievable tonight but we came through. Once Corey got the first hit, everyone kind of woke up. Pitching was unbelievable.”

Seager, who won the MVP in 2020 with the Los Angeles Dodgers, joins Bob Gibson, Sandy Koufax and Reggie Jackson as the only two-time World Series MVPs. He hit three homers and drove in six runs in the series.

ADVERTISEMENT

But the win was built by pitching. Which is the difference between this Rangers championship team and all the teams that came before.

ADVERTISEMENT

Nathan Eovaldi, a World Series hero once while with Boston, matched Gallen in zeroes for six innings. Eovaldi was one of five free agent pitchers GM Chris Young signed over the winter as he sought to remake the pitching staff. Eovaldi went 5-0 over the postseason in six starts; he became the first pitcher to win five starts in a single postseason.

Aroldis Chapman, the first in-season acquisition made by Young during the summer, got two outs in the seventh. Josh Sborz, whom Young held on to when it looked like he had no spot on the roster, got the final seven outs to finish off a dominant postseason. He closed out the game by getting Ketel Marte on a called third strike.

“Surreal,” Sborz said of being on the mound when the Rangers won it.

Jonah Heim, one of the six All-Stars on this team, caught the final strike and offered his own perspective on the postgame broadcast.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Man, that’s one of the coolest feelings of my life, other than having my kids and getting married, of course,” Heim said. “This is what you work your whole life for and we accomplished our goals. I’m so proud of this team.”

They are the third team to go from losing at least 100 games to winning the World Series two seasons later. The two teams that previously did it were branded miracles: the 1914 “Miracle” Boston Braves and 1969 “Miracle” New York Mets. They need a nickname. The “Miracle Rangers” doesn’t have quite the same ring. Better maybe: Resilient Rangers.

ADVERTISEMENT

It’s how manager Bruce Bochy, back in the game for the first time since 2019, often referred to his team during challenging times this season. Bochy should know. He’s now won four World Series with two different franchises. He’s the sixth manager to win that many titles.

“I think we had to deal with more this year than any year I’ve ever had to manage,” Bochy said before Game 5. “And that’s what makes me proud of these guys. They were constantly focused forward. And they kept doing that.”

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas Rangers starting pitcher Nathan Eovaldi celebrates the final out with the bases loaded at the end of fifth inning in Game 5 of the World Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks, Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2023, in Phoenix. (Smiley N. Pool / Staff Photographer)

It certainly didn’t make sense to look backward. There just wasn’t much to the Rangers’ previous history.

ADVERTISEMENT

When the year began, only the Cleveland Guardians, who last won a World Series in 1948 when they were the Indians, had an active championship drought longer than the Senators/Rangers. The franchise is in its 63rd year. It’s nearly Medicare eligible.

Over the course of their first 51 seasons in Texas, they’ve mostly been losers who passed summers in a sweat box where fans idled away the time waiting for Cowboys training camp to start. They lost 100 games in their first season in Texas, ran the best hitter alive completely out of the game and went 25 seasons before even making the postseason. Then went another 15 before winning a postseason series. Went to the World Series in 2010. Nearly won it all in 2011. One strike away twice. Funny, you can almost laugh about it now. OK, maybe not. But you can smile.

ADVERTISEMENT
Related:History secured: At long last, World Series champion Rangers move on from haunted past

“I’d be thrilled to be considered a member of the second- and third-best teams in franchise history,” said Michael Young, a member of the 2010-11 teams and the player to play the most games in a Rangers uniform. “I saw Adrian [Beltre] said that this championship would be a bit of a weight off the ‘11 team, and I agree. It doesn’t change history, but it gives us more of an opportunity to focus on the countless positive moments we had.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I’ve loved showing support for these guys over the last couple weeks. The players and staff deserve so much credit, and for our fans, they can say they have a title in all four sports. Forever. Makes me super proud.”

Said Tom Grieve, who played or worked for the organization for 55 years: “This is a huge source of pride because the team I love, played for and spent most of my life working for will always be known as a champion and not a team that came close but never won. It’s a great joy for our fans, who live and die with the team’s success.”

ADVERTISEMENT
Related:‘A first-class person’: Saying thanks to Tom Grieve amidst his Rangers retirement

Over their 52 seasons, the Rangers lost more often than they have won. They’ve had 29 losing seasons.

ADVERTISEMENT

You could pretty much sum up the story of the franchise with this little vignette from their first spring training, the only one under the Hall-of-Famer turned manager Ted Williams. He listened as his coaches debated the intricacies of setting up cut-offs and relays until he’d had enough.

“Let’s go hit,” Williams said. Perhaps he added a profanity for exclamation. Maybe two.

ADVERTISEMENT

Over the years, that’s one the thing the Rangers did. They hit. Sometimes it was the baseball. Sometimes: The opponent. If you made a historical hype video of the first half-century of Rangers baseball, it would include at least as many haymakers as World Series trips. Nolan Ryan’s noogies and Rougned Odor’s right cross will always get a roar from the crowd, but they no longer represent the crescendo.

Speaking of Ryan, the best thing you could previously say about Rangers pitching: They once signed a 42-year-old right-hander. Might still be the best. But the move at least has competition from the 41-year-old righty they added in December 2020: Chris Young.

ADVERTISEMENT

It was Chris Young, who pitched for the Rangers for two seasons, who arrived as GM resolute to build a champion.

He and then president of baseball operations Jon Daniels sold owner Ray Davis on a vision back to contention that included an investment of more than $500 million in free agent contracts after Young’s first winter. That brought Marcus Semien and Corey Seager. After Daniels was let go in August 2022, Young convinced Davis to add Bochy and another $250 million in pitching additions. And he kept reinforcing the staff as it wore down over the course of the season.

ADVERTISEMENT

With every move, Young would say: “You can never have enough arms.”

Turns out, the Rangers had just enough. To lift the World Series trophy for the first time.

ADVERTISEMENT

They can’t go higher. They stand on top of the baseball world.

On X: @Evan_P_Grant

ADVERTISEMENT
Champagne hugs: Texas Rangers celebrate franchise's first World Series
42 IMAGES
VIEW GALLERY
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’
ADVERTISEMENT

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

Click or tap here to sign up for our Rangers newsletter.

More about:
World Series 2023
By Evan Grant

Evan has covered the Rangers since 1997. He has twice been named one of the top 10 beat writers in the country by the AP Sports Editors. His passions outside of covering baseball are his wife, Gina, his two step kids, two crazy dogs & barbecue. Let's not discuss the cat. Evan graduated from Georgia State University, but oddly is a Georgia fan.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
5 thoughts from Texas-Ohio State: Longhorns stuffed in red zone, title run comes to an end
2
National reaction from Texas’ Cotton Bowl loss: ‘This game is on nobody but Sark’
3
With thanks to Toyota, I moved on from Lexus ... to a Tesla
4
For Texas QB Quinn Ewers, Cotton Bowl loss to Ohio State is harsh way to be remembered
5
Macy's closing five D-FW area locations as department store slashes footprint
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2023/11/01/texas-rangers-win-world-series-arizona-diamondbacks/ 
 ----- 
