Skip to content
Subscribe Now
37°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Bill McCartney, CU football coach who led Buffs to national title, dies at 84
LATEST HEADLINES
Texas Rangers win first World Series title with 5-0 victory over Arizona Diamondbacks in Game 5
1 of 6

Texas Rangers’ Mitch Garver celebrates after a RBI single against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the seventh inning in Game 5 of the baseball World Series Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2023, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: November 2, 2023 at 3:06 AM MDT

By DAVID BRANDT (AP Baseball Writer)

PHOENIX (AP) — Corey Seager took a mighty swing and barely connected, sending a squibber through an open area on the left side of the infield for his team’s first hit in the seventh inning.

The Texas Rangers shortstop and World Series MVP provided plenty of power throughout a stellar October run. But it was a little good fortune that finally sparked the offense Wednesday night and sent the Rangers to their first title.

Considering the heartache this club endured 12 years ago in one of the all-time Fall Classic gut punches, Texas was certainly due.

Nathan Eovaldi pitched six gritty innings, Mitch Garver broke a scoreless tie with an RBI single in the seventh and the Rangers won the first World Series championship in their 63-season franchise history by beating the Arizona Diamondbacks 5-0 in Game 5.

“It’s just awesome. This is the vision, right?” Seager said. “It’s a really special moment.”

Marcus Semien homered in a four-run ninth and the Rangers, held hitless for six innings by Zac Gallen, finished a record 11-0 on the road this postseason after capping the Fall Classic with three straight wins in the desert.

“Everything I’ve ever worked for is for this moment,” Semien said. “Gallen was unbelievable tonight. But we came through. Once Corey got the first hit, everybody kind of woke up. Pitching was unbelievable.”

In his first season with Texas, manager Bruce Bochy won his fourth World Series title 13 years to the day after his first, which came in 2010 when the Giants beat the Rangers. He also won rings with San Francisco in 2012 and 2014.

The 68-year-old Bochy helped exorcise some painful memories for Texas fans, who watched as their team came agonizingly close to the 2011 crown, needing just one strike on two occasions before losing to the St. Louis Cardinals.

“I was sitting in a recliner there in Nashville, just enjoying myself,” said Bochy, who came out of retirement to take over in Texas.

“I was along for the ride, trust me. I was very fortunate and blessed to be able to get back into baseball in this type of a situation.”

One night after the Rangers built a 10-run lead by the third inning in Game 4, they finished off baseball’s third all-wild card World Series by outlasting Arizona in a white-knuckle pitchers’ duel.

Gallen carried a no-hitter into the seventh before giving up an opposite-field single to Seager, whose weak grounder found a hole. Rangers rookie Evan Carter — all of 21 years old — followed with a double. Garver then delivered the first run, pumping his fist as a hard grounder up the middle scored Seager.

Garver was 1 for 17 at the plate in the Series before his huge hit.

With the Rangers clinging to that 1-0 lead, Josh Jung and Nathaniel Lowe singled off Paul Sewald to start the ninth. Jung scored on Jonah Heim’s single, and Lowe came all the way around from first base when center fielder Alek Thomas let the ball get past him for an error.

Two outs later, Semien’s two-run homer made it 5-0. It was the 13th time Texas scored at least three runs in an inning this postseason.

Meanwhile on the mound, Eovaldi wriggled out of trouble all night before Aroldis Chapman and Josh Sborz closed the door, as the Rangers became the first team to win a World Series game despite having no hits or runs through six innings.

“I kind of joked around: I don’t know how many rabbits I have in my hat,” said Eovaldi, who improved to 5-0 with a 2.95 ERA this postseason. “I didn’t really do a great job tonight in attacking the zone. But our defense, incredible again.”

Sborz struck out four in 2 1/3 innings of one-hit relief for his first postseason save. He threw a called third strike past Ketel Marte for the final out, and jubilant Texas players rushed toward the mound to celebrate.

It’s the first title for the Rangers, whose history dates back to 1961 when they were the expansion Washington Senators. They moved to Texas for the 1972 season.

Now, after five stadiums, roughly two dozen managers and 10,033 games, the Rangers are finally champions.

It didn’t come easy — at all.

Texas led the AL West for most of the year, but coughed up the division crown on the final day of the regular season to rival Houston. The Rangers weathered an early season-ending injury to new ace Jacob deGrom and a significant one to Seager in April as well before red-hot slugger Adolis García and three-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer went down in Game 3 of the World Series.

Yet still, players like trade-deadline acquisition Jordan Montgomery, replacement closer José Leclerc and backup outfielder Travis Jankowski picked up the slack throughout for these resilient Rangers, capping a quick and impressive turnaround under general manager Chris Young after Texas lost 102 games in 2021 and went 68-94 last year for its sixth consecutive losing season.

A disheartening 1-0 defeat in the regular-season finale at Seattle left the Rangers with the No. 5 seed in the American League playoffs and sent them across the country to open the postseason at Tampa Bay, part of a two-week trip that took them to four cities — two on each coast. But after sweeping the Rays and AL East champion Orioles, the AL’s two winningest teams, Texas got its revenge against 2022 World Series champion Houston, winning a hard-fought AL Championship Series in which the road team won all seven games.

That propelled the Rangers to their first Fall Classic in 12 years. Once there, they became the first team to win the World Series without committing an error since the 1966 Baltimore Orioles.

Texas will celebrate with a parade in the Arlington entertainment district near its stadium on Friday.

“We’ve just got a group of winners,” Lowe said. “When the bus driver’s driving slow, we tell him, `Hey man, you know you’re driving a group of winners,’ so we believed it through and through. Maybe we struggled at home, but we got it done on the road, and we’ve got a special group.”

In the end, Texas had to get past the young and surprising Diamondbacks, who won just 84 games during the regular season but beat the Brewers, Dodgers and Phillies in a remarkable postseason run that finally fizzled.

“I’m sorry I didn’t do my job to get us there,” manager Torey Lovullo said, pausing as his voice cracked with emotion. “But I will. We all will.”

With some help from his defense, the bespectacled Gallen mowed down his first 14 hitters before walking Lowe.

Eovaldi wasn’t as sharp, but still matched Gallen’s zeros on the scoreboard despite walking five, his most in an outing since 2013.

Arizona had some juicy opportunities to score in the first five innings, but couldn’t convert, going 0 for 9 with runners in scoring position.

Eovaldi made it through six, giving up four hits and striking out five on 97 pitches.

“He was a traffic cop tonight,” Rangers pitching coach Mike Maddux said.

VALUABLE COMPANY

Seager, who also led the Los Angeles Dodgers to a championship in 2020, joined Hall of Famers Sandy Koufax, Bob Gibson and Reggie Jackson as the only players to win two World Series MVP awards.

CONNECT FOUR

Bochy is the sixth manager to win four titles, joining Casey Stengel (seven), Joe McCarthy (seven), Connie Mack (five), Walter Alston (four) and Joe Torre (four). All of them are in the Hall of Fame and when Bochy’s career is over, it seems a given he’ll be enshrined in Cooperstown as well.

MONEY WELL SPENT

The Rangers have been eyeing this moment since Dec. 1, 2021, when they committed more than a half-billion dollars to sign Seager, Semien and pitcher Jon Gray, who delivered a crucial three-inning relief performance in Game 3. Big spending doesn’t always lead to titles — just ask the Mets, Yankees and Padres this year — but for the Rangers, it worked.

STREAK STOPPED

Marte went 0 for 2, ending his postseason-record hitting streak at 20 games. He walked three times, though, and has reached base safely in all 21 career postseason games.

LONG AND WINDING ROAD

After baseball expanded its playoffs to 12 teams in 2022, the Rangers became the first team to win 13 postseason games. Texas also became the first club in any of the four major professional sports in North America to win 11 road games in a single postseason, according to OptaSTATS.

BOUND FOR COOPERSTOWN

Bochy’s cap, Seager’s helmet, Carter’s batting gloves, Semien’s jersey and Eovaldi’s spikes are among the World Series memorabilia items being donated to the Hall of Fame.

THEN THERE WERE FIVE

Colorado, Milwaukee, San Diego, Seattle and Tampa Bay are the franchises that remain without a World Series championship. The Diamondbacks won their only title in 2001.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Originally Published: November 1, 2023 at 9:05 PM MDT
Around the Web
David Bowie's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
Cops Called in Hours After Couple Begins Renovation on Their Old Home
dailysportx
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Leave You Baffled!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Council Bluffs: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Apartments: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Free Products & Food From These 15 Companies
The Penny Hoarder
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Warning Signs That You Have TNBC (Examine Closely)
TNBC Treatment I Search Ads
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Doing This Will Make Electricity Companies Angry, but They Can't Stop You
Saving Detector
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Anyone With Nerve Pain (Neuropathy) Should Start Doing This Immediately
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Going Bald? Do This Immediately if Your Hair is Thinning (It's Genius)
WG Hair Restore
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Jr Day Strength to Love T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Council Bluffs: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Uncovering the Shocking Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency!
Immunotherapy Treatment
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
15 Breakfast Foods You Should Never Eat - Find out Why
HEALTH NATURAL
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
Fast & Affordable Oil Change Services in Council Bluffs!
Oil Change
10 Harmful Foods to Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
This One Simple Trick Erases Joint Pain Faster Than You Can Imagine!
Healthier Living Tips
Gum Disease & Tooth Decay Vanish With This Strange Ritual
WellnessGaze Dental
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Police arrest 3 in home invasion shooting of 16-year-old girl in Aurora
Renck: In Walton-Penner ownership group, Broncos have found their next Pat Bowlen, but they do it their own way
Aurora seeks emergency closure of troubled Edge of Lowry apartments as complex reaches “breaking point”
Teenage girl killed in Aurora home invasion ID’d, death still under investigation
Colorado Supreme Court chief justice calls for more judges as courts emerge from "crucible"
Man killed in shooting outside northwest Aurora home
Justice Department investigating Douglas County School District’s response to racial discrimination, bullying of students
Aurora man defrauded millions in COVID-19 relief and used money to buy luxury cars, indictment alleges
U.S. 6 closed over Loveland Pass for safety concerns
Why did federal agents seize — and then return — $5 million worth of switchblades from a Colorado man?
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN LATEST HEADLINES
Bill McCartney, CU football coach who led Buffs to national title, dies at 84
Renck: In Walton-Penner ownership group, Broncos have found their next Pat Bowlen, but they do it their own way
Aurora seeks emergency closure of troubled Edge of Lowry apartments as complex reaches “breaking point”
Josh Manson delivers “one of his best” performances in much-needed Avalanche win
2023
November
1
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2023/11/01/texas-rangers-win-first-world-series-title-with-5-0-victory-over-arizona-diamondbacks-in-game-5/ 
 ----- 
