Forums
Menu
NBA
Forums
Forum Rules & FAQ
Feedback and Suggestions
Global Announcements
MyForums
Basketball
The General Board
Player Comparisons
Trades and Transactions
Statistical Analysis
NBA Draft
NCAA Basketball
High School Basketball
Fantasy Basketball
Gambling
International Basketball
G League
Atlantic Division
Boston Celtics
Brooklyn Nets
New York Knicks
Philadelphia Sixers
Toronto Raptors
Central Division
Chicago Bulls
Cleveland Cavaliers
Detroit Pistons
Indiana Pacers
Milwaukee Bucks
Southeast Division
Atlanta Hawks
Charlotte Hornets
Miami Heat
Orlando Magic
Washington Wizards
Northwest Division
Denver Nuggets
Minnesota Timberwolves
Oklahoma City Thunder
Portland Trail Blazers
Utah Jazz
Pacific Division
Golden State Warriors
Los Angeles Clippers
Los Angeles Lakers
Phoenix Suns
Sacramento Kings
Southwest Division
Dallas Mavericks
Houston Rockets
Memphis Grizzlies
New Orleans Pelicans
San Antonio Spurs
Seattle Supersonics Basketball
CBA & Business
Wiretap Discussion
Articles Discussion
Blogs Discussion
Polls Discussion
Baseball
General MLB Discussion
Player Comparisons
Trades and Transactions
Minor Leagues
Fantasy Baseball
AL East
Baltimore Orioles
Boston Red Sox
New York Yankees
Tampa Bay Rays
Toronto Blue Jays
AL Central
Chicago White Sox
Cleveland Indians
Detroit Tigers
Kansas City Royals
Minnesota Twins
AL West
Houston Astros
Los Angeles Angels
Oakland Athletics
Seattle Mariners
Texas Rangers
NL East
Atlanta Braves
Miami Marlins
New York Mets
Philadelphia Phillies
Washington Nationals
NL Central
Chicago Cubs
Cincinnati Reds
Milwaukee Brewers
Pittsburgh Pirates
St. Louis Cardinals
NL West
Arizona Diamondbacks
Colorado Rockies
Los Angeles Dodgers
San Diego Padres
San Francisco Giants
Wiretap Discussion
Articles Discussion
Polls Discussion
Football
General NFL Discussion
Player Comparisons
NFL Draft
NCAA Football
Fantasy Football
AFC East
Buffalo Bills
Miami Dolphins
New England Patriots
New York Jets
AFC North
Baltimore Ravens
Cincinnati Bengals
Cleveland Browns
Pittsburgh Steelers
AFC South
Houston Texans
Indianapolis Colts
Jacksonville Jaguars
Tennessee Titans
AFC West
Denver Broncos
Kansas City Chiefs
Las Vegas Raiders
Los Angeles Chargers
NFC East
Dallas Cowboys
New York Giants
Philadelphia Eagles
Washington Redskins
NFC North
Chicago Bears
Detroit Lions
Green Bay Packers
Minnesota Vikings
NFC South
Atlanta Falcons
Carolina Panthers
New Orleans Saints
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
NFC West
Arizona Cardinals
Los Angeles Rams
San Francisco 49ers
Seattle Seahawks
Wiretap Discussion
Articles Discussion
Polls Discussion
Hockey
General NHL Discussion
Junior and International Hockey
Trades and Transactions
Fantasy Hockey
NHL Draft
Player Comparisons
Atlantic Division
New Jersey Devils
New York Islanders
New York Rangers
Philadelphia Flyers
Pittsburgh Penguins
Northeast Division
Boston Bruins
Buffalo Sabres
Montreal Canadiens
Ottawa Senators
Toronto Maple Leafs
Southeast Division
Carolina Hurricanes
Florida Panthers
Tampa Bay Lightning
Washington Capitals
Winnipeg Jets
Central Division
Chicago Blackhawks
Columbus Blue Jackets
Detroit Red Wings
Nashville Predators
St. Louis Blues
Northwest Division
Calgary Flames
Colorado Avalanche
Edmonton Oilers
Minnesota Wild
Vancouver Canucks
Pacific Division
Anaheim Ducks
Dallas Stars
Los Angeles Kings
Arizona Coyotes
San Jose Sharks
Wiretap Discussion
Articles Discussion
Polls Discussion
Soccer
General Soccer Discussion
Major League Soccer
Wiretap Discussion
Articles Discussion
Polls Discussion
Other Sports
Boxing & Mixed Martial Arts
Pro Wrestling
General Other Sports Talk
Off Topic
General Off-Topic Board
Australian Sports and Discussion
Current Affairs
Media Lounge
Gamers' Lounge
Off-Topic Canada
Quick links
Login
Register
Board index
RealGM Basketball
Toronto Raptors
NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24

Moderators: HiJiNX, niQ, Reeko, lebron stopper, Morris_Shatford, 7 Footer, DG88, Duffman100

Post Reply
13 posts • Page 1 of 1
Hair Canada
Bench Warmer
Posts: 1,328
And1: 1,633
Joined: Nov 02, 2017
NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24 
Quote

Post#1 » by Hair Canada » Sun Oct 29, 2023 3:47 pm

The college season starts next week, on Monday, November 6, and in tradition, I’m putting together a Canadian watch list.

To be honest, I’m somewhat less excited about the Canadian field than in previous years. Right now, it doesn’t seem like there's a Canadian first-round pick playing in college (or anywhere else for that matter) this year. I’m not even sure there’s a sure-thing Canadian second-round pick, though Zack Edey has a very good chance to be selected and there are a couple of other upperclassmen who have an outside chance of getting there if they play really well this year. Maybe one of the freshmen will also surprise (looking at you, Aden Holliday).

Comparing this field with that of leading European basketball nations is humbling. ESPN currently predicts that both France and Spain will have 4 different first-round draft picks next year (including several lottery picks), with Serbia and Australia also predicted to have at least one first round pick.

The total number of Canadians in college has also stalled in recent years after a decade of expansion. COVID eligibility rules have created a new category of players, the “super seniors” (or returning seniors), players who come back for their 5th (or in some cases even 6th) year in college as 24- or 25-year-olds. That, in turn, has generated a significant backlog. Many teams prefer to keep their physically-mature and game-tested super seniors around, or bring them from the ever-growing and increasingly flexible Transfer Portal. As a result, less-touted high school graduates find it harder these days to get NCAA D1 offers, and even when they do, they are hard pressed to find significant playing time. This seems particularly relevant for the Canadian prospects who remain in Canada, as these are less likely to draw attention from US college coaches.

Okay, enough complaining. Even with that, there’s still plenty Canadian content to talk about and follow. Similar to previous years, I’ll dive more deeply into 5 players from each cohort (freshmen, sophomores, juniors, and seniors). And I’ll do it more or less in the order of how promising I think their long-term potential is, rather than how productive they’ve been so far or might be next year in college. In addition, I’ll mention a few others from each class whom I’m somewhat curious to follow. As this can get quite lengthy, I’ll divide it into four parts, starting today with the freshmen, and then gradually moving my way up through the classes (will keep it all in the same thread to prevent overflowing).


FRESHMEN

As I mention above, this is not the strongest Canadian freshman class. This was showcased over the last two summers in the U17, U18, and U19 FIBA competitions, in which Canadian junior teams, featuring many players from this class, were clearly outmatched and often blown out by European powerhouses likes of Spain, Serbia, France, and Turkey. Still, there are a few interesting prospects.

1. Aden Holloway | Auburn | 19.2yo PG, 6'2, 175lbs | Charlotte, NC

Profile: Most Canadian basketball fans were taken by surprise when we learned that this talented freshman is Canadian. He was supposed to play with Team Canada’s U19 team this summer but unfortunately ended up dropping out, allegedly due to an injury. Regardless, Holloway is easily the most intriguing prospect in this Canadian class, a 5-star level prospect with all kinds of tools. He’s very quick and shifty, a decent athlete, and more than anything else, a phenomenal shooter from all ranges, off the catch or utilizing an advanced pull up game. A natural scorer who can get points on the board in a variety of ways and is likely to make his presence felt from day one. With all that, his NBA upside seems somewhat questionable. First, he’s not exactly a natural PG. More of a combo guard who might be at his best playing off the ball. Given his average size, that’s obviously not ideal. Today’s NBA is quite unfriendly for smaller guards, especially ones who are not elite athletes and come with some defensive question marks (Holloway is probably on the shorter side of 6’2 and lacks elite length or explosiveness). In recent years, even guys who looked great in their freshman college year, like Kennedy Chandler and Sharife Cooper, have only been selected in the second round and haven’t been able to break into team rotations so far. Today’s game tends to be unforgiving if you’re either too big or too small. Holloway will need to flash elite shooting and scoring skills (think Immanuel Quickley), together with good playmaking and decent defense, to be drafted this year. It’s possible but not the most likely scenario.



Team context: Unlike other Canadian rookies in this class, Holloway is expected to start from day one, get plenty of minutes, and play a central role for Auburn. He’s coming into the season as an important part of the Tigers’ rotation and one of the most intriguing freshmen in college basketball. That said, he’ll join an experienced backcourt with two productive seniors and will need to play well to meet expectations. I still think he can have a very good season and become an excellent college player. It remains to be seen if he can do even more.


2. Michael Nwoko | Miami | 19.0yo C | 6'10, 245lbs | Milton, ON

Profile: Holloway’s teammate last year at Prolific Prep may be partly responsible for Holloway rediscovering his Canadian roots. But Nwoko is an interesting prospect in his own right and arguably the best Canadian-born player in this class. A strong center with broad shoulders and a good nose for the boards, Nwoko is far from a finished product, as his offensive game is still somewhat raw. He has decent touch around the rim, but his moves are still a bit herky-jerky, and his footwork and offensive versatility certainly stand to improve. He’s also shown initial signs of a perimeter game, but there’s much more work to do before this becomes a weapon, if at all (mediocre touch from the FT line suggests that it might not). There’s plenty to like about Nwoko – his aggressiveness, mobility, strong motor, toughness, burst, and offensive rebounding. There’s even some NBA potential here in a couple of years if everything goes well and the defense keeps improving. He’s one of the more promising bigs out of Canada in recent years and hopefully he develops well and provides some depth for Team Canada’s frontcourt in the future.



Team context: Miami is arguably a top-15 team in the country, coming off a Final Four run last year, though they did lose their two best players to the draft (Jordan Miller and ACC Player of the Year Isaiah Wong). I expect Nwoko to be the first big off the bench and get decent playing time. It might take him some time to adjust to college size and physicality, and he still needs to refine his offensive skills, learn how to avoid foul trouble, and become more consistent defensively. So, I’d be very surprised if he’s a double-digit scorer this year. But he’s good enough to carve out a significant role and make an impact on a very good college team.


3. Vasean Allette | Old Dominion | 19.5yo PG, 6'3, 175lbs | Toronto, ON

Profile: Allette was the best player for Team Canada at the U18 FIBA Americas in the summer of 2022. While his physical tools (size, athleticism, and speed) don’t just off the page, he has that “it” factor – a real gamer with a mix of strong mentality, composure, skill, and fearlessness. He combines scoring with playmaking, plays an aggressive game, and has a strong motor with a good nose for the ball on D. Unfortunately, he suffered a knee injury last winter and hadn’t played since. That’s a shame because he still has plenty to work on, including his decision making, tightening the handle, and improving his defensive consistency. The shooting and shot selection also need to become more consistent. He can certainly shoot very well when he’s in the groove, but he doesn’t always take good shots and sometimes tries too much.



Team context: I think Allette is going to be a big part of the rotation from day one, potentially even a starter. We’ll need to see how he comes back from his injury and how long it takes him to get back into his regular game form. When he does get comfortable, I expect him to become one of the best Canadians in college with some NBA upside if he can iron out his weaknesses. But we might not see it in year one and starting his career for a mid-major team, it might take time before he’s really noticed.


4. Jeremy Foumena | Rhode Island | 19.9yo C | 6'11, 235lbs | St-Jean-Sur-Richelieu, QC

Profile: Born in France, Foumena moved to Quebec as a child and played his high school basketball in Ontario with Orangeville Prep. You’ll note he’s an older freshman, as he spent last year with the Rams as a Red Shirt. I think he’s one of the more gifted bigs to come out of Canada in recent years. Quite crafty with the ball, has good footwork in the paint, and a good shooting touch, which can extend all the way to the 3-point line. Aldo has some defensive potential with good rim protection instincts. Foumena doesn’t always play with the toughness and motor of a guy like Nwoko. But in terms of skill and talent, he’s right up there with him and could develop into a strong college player with time.



Team context: Starting center Alex Tchiku left Rhode Island this summer, which opens up some minutes in the front court. They’ll still have Junior transfer Tyson Brown, who should start, as well as Josaphat Bilau coming back from injury. From the bench, Rory Stewart, Foumena’s former teammate at Orangeville Perp, is a nice stretch-4. But Foumena should be right up there as the team’s only true center and if he shows what he’s capable of, he should see significant minutes and make an impact from day one.


5. Braeden MacVicar | Coastal Carolina | 18.9yo PF | 6'11, 220lbs | Port Williams, NS

Profile: Beyond the four players above, it’s really hard at this point to know who’s even going to be on a college team’s rotation next year. It’s notoriously hard for freshmen coming without much clout to get significant playing time ahead of established upperclassmen, even if the latter are less talented. So I decided to go here with a guy who I’ve quite liked ever since I first watched him as a 14yo skinny kid playing for Team Nova Scotia in the Nationals. MacVicar is a long, athletic, and mobile big, who plays with a very good motor and fighting spirit. Really bouncy and moves well, with long strides and agility. Also a good shot blocker, with quick burst and good timing. On the offensive end, there’s a lot to work on, but he actually has a good shooting touch and can stretch the floor. The handle and offensive creativity have quite some room to grow. But I like the enthusiasm, activity level, and row athleticism. Although MacVicar never played for a Canadian youth team, I like his combination of shooting, motor, and defensive upside and see more upside here than with some of the other more familiar bigs in this class.



Team context: Coastal Carolina has quite a few upperclassmen big men, which one would think would be ahead of MacVicar in the rotation to start the year. But none of them has had a very impressive college career and I think MacVicar has a chance to enter the rotation and get significant playing time if he plays well.



ALSO WATCHING:

In tradition, since it’s very hard to predict the freshman class and how they’ll adjust to the college game (or if they even get a real opportunity as rookies), I’ll mention more briefly 10 others who I’ll be keeping an eye on this year and in the future.

Junior Team Canada reclassified PGs:

Baraka Okojie | George Mason | 18.3yo PG | 6'3, 170lbs | Caledon, ON. Profile: Okojie (whose brother Ose also plays in the NCAA) brings good playmaking, decent athleticism, some toughness, and the ability to create for both himself and others, getting to the rim with a good first step and some wiggle. I think he gets some playing time already this year due to his solid defense and playmaking, although theoretically there are quite a few upperclassmen guards ahead of him in the Patriots’ rotation. He’ll need to shoot the ball better and continue to work on his finishing around the rim.

Mikkel Tyne | Richmond | 18.4yo PG | 5'10, 160lbs | Brampton, ON. A bit similar to Elijah Fisher (they played on the same team at a younger age), Tyne looked like a sure thing as a young teenager, before he stopped growing and other kids caught up with him physically. He’s still a skilled PG with a good looking 3-point shot, shiftiness, speed, strength, defensive chops, and athleticism. But at 5’10 he’s had a hard time dominating as the competition level got tougher and his decision making and shooting haven’t always translated to higher levels. He could still see minutes with Richmond this season given his mature game and the qualities he brings, but the ceiling doesn’t look as high as it once did.



Jacob Theodosiou | Wyoming | 18.0yo CG | 6'4, 185lbs | Waterloo, ON. Another guy who caught my eye at a very young age as a 5’2 100lbs 12yo kid who managed to dominate older players with skill, heart, and a knack for scoring and making the right play. His games with Canada’s youth teams (U16 and U17) exposed some of his physical and athletic limitations, but he remains a good shooter who reads the game well and has good instincts. He’ll be the youngest Canadian in college next year and probably won’t see many minutes behind a group of senior guards at Wyoming. But he could develop into a very nice college player with time.

Shooters

Jordann Dumont | Villanova | 19.2yo SF | 6'8, 190lbs | Repentigny, QC. One of the more talented players in the class, Dumont has some similarities to Caleb Houstan (though he is not as talented as Houstan) in terms of size and shooting ability, as well as clear limitations in terms of strength and athleticism. I was a bit disappointed with his showing in the U19 World Cup this summer, particularly on the defensive end, where he seemed slow and outmatched. That said, he also didn’t receive too much credit from the coaches. I’d be surprised if he gets real playing time this year at Villanova (might even be a red shirt) but if he can work on his physicality and defensive intensity, while also improving his handle and ability to finish in the paint, there’s enough talent here to provide value at the college level down the line.

Yanis Bamba | Wichita State | SG | 6'6, 200lbs | Montreal, QC. Bamba is a relatively unknown even to those who follow youth basketball in Canada. He’s never played for a national team and stayed in QC throughout his youth career. But I think there’s some interesting talent here. A good athlete with a strong and lengthy frame and some explosiveness in the open court and off two feet. The handle is also fairly tight and the shot looks clean, with nice form and release. I also like his defensive potential, with quick hands and nice use of his verticality to block shots. He first signed a letter of intent to play at Valparaiso but was released following a coaching change. As with most other rookies on this list, it’s still unclear whether he’ll get much playing time as a freshman, as Wichita State has an abundance of senior guards/wings who will likely start the season ahead of him in the rotation. I could even see him being a redshirt this year.



Jaiden Cole | Towson | SG | 6'4, 175lbs | Scarborough, ON. Another Canadian who played at the NBA Latin America Academy and showed some interesting tools. I’ve been a fan of Cole from a young age, though I thought he’d end up taller. He still needs to get stronger, but he’s a sneaky athlete with some nice bunnies, good body control, and skill, as well as pretty good vision. Also a good shooter who can really drill them when he gets going. Similar to the two guys above, Cole is also projected as an end-of-the-rotation guy for now and I think he’s more likely to make an impact in future years.


Junior Team Canada wings and bigs

Bubu Benjamin | Tarleton State | 19.6yo SF | 6'7, 205lbs | Medicine Hat, AB. Hailing from South Sudan, Benjamin is a strong wing with good athleticism, decent body control, and the ability to hit perimeter shots at a decent clip. A strong slasher who can finish with either hand, including above the rim. Also a good defender with length, physicality, and a good motor. Plays with a lot of confidence and assertiveness, though he can get a bit selfish and trigger happy. His feel for the game also stands to be improved. Unlike others on this list, I do see him getting significant minutes from day one at Tarleton State, as he’s relatively older, plays a position of need, and the conference is not as strong.

Thomas Ndong | Oregon State | 19.1yo PF | 6'9, 220lbs | Terrebonne, QC. Another product of the NBA Latin America Academy, Ndong will be teaming up at Oregon State with fellow Team Canada graduate, BC’s Center KC Ibekwe. I quite liked the energies that Ndong brought to the game in U18 FIBA Americas in the summer of 2022, showing good rebounding, defensive awareness, opportunistic scoring, and some shot-making at the rim. He’s another guy who I think could get playing time starting day one by doing the little things that make coaches happy.



David Simon | San Diego (USD) | 19.7yo C | 6'11, 195lbs | Windsor, ON. While he has clear offensive limitations and is relatively old for a rookie, Simon was one of the best high school players in Canada over the last two years. Right now, he’s mostly a defensive presence. A very good shot blocker with length and excellent timing, he’s also mobile enough to cover ground and not be burnt in the P&R. Still needs to get stronger to be able to stand his own against older and heavier centers but he can already contribute on the defensive side of the court. Offensively, he can do some opportunistic scoring and at lower levels also showed a nice mid-range shot, but there’s still significant room to grow before he can make a real impact at the WCC level. He’s gonna be one of many freshmen (and one of the older and more experienced among these) on a relatively young Toreros team, so he might get some chances already this year.
“If every basketball player worked as hard as I did, I’d be out of a job.”
— Steve Nash
Top
Kevin Willis
RealGM
Posts: 12,585
And1: 8,039
Joined: Apr 17, 2009
       
Re: NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24 
Quote

Post#2 » by Kevin Willis » Sun Oct 29, 2023 4:05 pm

Thank you once again. Very informative.
Ska needs to make a comeback.
Top
aminiaturebuddha
Head Coach
Posts: 6,554
And1: 7,083
Joined: Aug 07, 2006
Re: NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24 
Quote

Post#3 » by aminiaturebuddha » Mon Oct 30, 2023 5:18 pm

Great work, Hair! I always look forward to these every year. Thanks for all your contributions to the board!
Top
Hair Canada
Bench Warmer
Posts: 1,328
And1: 1,633
Joined: Nov 02, 2017
Re: NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24 
Quote

Post#4 » by Hair Canada » Tue Oct 31, 2023 4:39 pm

SOPHOMORES + JUNIORS

Okay, I know I said I’ll profile 5 players from each cohort. But hear me out. There’s no point in trying to sugarcoat it: the last two Canadian college classes (2022 and 2021) have been WEAK.

How weak?

So weak that only three players from these entire two classes (barely) scored more than 10 points per game (all three will be juniors next year). And only three others scored more than 5 per game…

So weak that only two of these six players (those with more than 5ppg) did it for a team playing in a high major conference and one of these two (Charles Bediako) has already declared for the draft and will not be in college next year…

So weak that several players I highlighted as potential breakout candidates in my previews from last year and two years ago hardly received any playing time over the last two years. Some of them are no longer in the first division of the NCAA, having moved to play in JUCO, NCAA D2, or U-Sport.

So weak that I just don’t feel like digging deep trying to somehow find 5 players in each of these classes that I actually feel like writing about in length. So, I decided instead to combine the two classes this year and write about 5 players from both.


Ready to give up on this generation of Canadians?

Hold your horses. There’s a silver lining here and it’s quite bright. Because despite the grim picture above, the birth cohorts of 2002 and 2023 are in fact two of the strongest Canadian cohorts of all time

Confused?

Just keep in mind the following about these two classes:

First, some of the best players who were originally in the 2021 class (2002 birth year) re-classed to 2020. The list includes Ben Mathurin, O-Max, Zach Edey, Josh Primo, and Charles Bediako, who are therefore either college seniors (Edey) or already in the NBA (the other four). That’s already a pretty awesome yield for any cohort.



As for the 2003-born players, Caleb Houstan left Michigan for the NBA last year, becoming a rare Canadian one-and-done (the previous Canadian one-and-dones were all lottery picks – RJ Barret, SGA, Murray, Wiggins, and Bennett). And the two best 2003-born players, Shaedon Sharpe and Leonard Miller, decided to skip college altogether, jumping directly to the NBA (Miller via the G-league).



In other words, the dire state of these two college cohorts does not mean a lack of Canadian talent. Quite to the contrary, as the names above suggest, these have been two of the most talented and successful Canadian classes of all time. They are lacking depth beyond the top 10 players, but Canadian fans would sign off in a heartbeat for this level of talent on an annual basis.

One final thought before moving on involves the state of college basketball. COVID and the extended eligibility rules, along with the considerable softening of the transfer portal rules, have created a perfect storm for younger players. Beyond making it harder to receive college offers (especially for less familiar prospects not playing in the US), there’s also a flood of seniors and super-seniors, many of whom are readily available to fill in roster gaps for teams looking for some quick short-term help. And that naturally comes primarily at the expense of underclassmen, who have been receiving fewer opportunities and playing time, and relegated to minor roles over the last few years. I’m therefore not discounting the chance that at least some of these (now sophomores and juniors) will be able to break out with more playing time and a more central role in the rotation over the next two years.


My top-5 sophomores and juniors

1. Ryan Nembhard | Junior | Gonzaga | 20.5yo PG | 6'0, 170lbs | Aurora, ON
Last year’s stats (Creighton): 12.1ppg (but only 46% effective field goal), 4.0rpg, 4.8apg (2.1 turnovers), 0.7spt, 0.1bpg

Profile: A wrist injury cut short an excellent freshman season for the younger Nembhard brother but he picked up right where he left during his second year at Creighton, as the leader one of the best teams in the country. Nembhard was able to increase his points and assist numbers while substantially cutting down on turnovers (a thorny issue during his rookie year) and was also able to shoot better from 3 (35.6% compared with 31.1% during his freshman year). He was still not a very efficient scorer, but he’s clearly one of the best point guards in college (arguably top 5), a big get for Gonzaga, and a major loss for Creighton.



Team context: I was a bit puzzled about Ryan’s decision to leave Creighton. He seemed to have the perfect situation there – unlimited minutes, the keys to the team, and a lot of continuity, including a great defensive center in Ryan Kalkbrenner, with whom Nembhard was able to find great chemistry. Creighton is a top-10 college team and, had he stayed, would have a real shot at a national title. I do get the appeal of Gonzaga with Mark Few, stepping into his older brother’s shoes, and continuing a strong tradition of Canadians. But I think they are a weaker team than Creighton and will not likely be contenders. That said, it’s hard to get a full picture of the intricate dynamics within teams and the ways players perceive of situations that would be most advantageous to their development and future prospects. Nembhard will still be the leader in Gonzaga and there are certainly many worse places to be.

2. Xaivian Lee | Sophomore | Princeton | 19.6yo PG, 6'3, 180lbs | Toronto, ON
Last year’s stats: 4.8ppg (50.1 TS%), 1.8rpg, 0.9apg, 0.5spg, 0.1bpg

Profile: I really liked Lee during his senior high school year and mentioned him on last year’s list as a nice Canadian replacement for Jaelin Llewellyn at Princeton. Like other Canadian rookies, he didn’t get too many opportunities (13 minutes per game). When he did play, he showed some flashes but didn’t shoot the ball well (23% from 3) and didn’t always make good decisions (as many TOs as assists). But this summer with the Canadian U19 team Lee really broke out and was the team’s best player (14.1ppg and 3.1apg). A sneaky athlete, he’s aggressive going to the rim and very shifty, able to finish with either hand with nice hesi moves, change of pace, and crafty finishes. Also has a nice mid-range game with a strong two-leg pull-up jumper that adds some unpredictability to his game and keeps opponents on their toes. He can be over-aggressive at times and doesn’t always make the right read, but I much prefer this to timidity and it’s usually one of the things that improves most with time and repetitions at a high level. The perimeter shooting also looked much better during this summer (36.4% on 3 attempts per game), but it’s a small sample size and his shooting is still a question mark. If he can show shooting improvement alongside some better decision making, he’s headed into a breakout year.



Team context: Princeton reached the Sweet 16 last year and was one of the most surprising teams in the country. But they lost quite a bit of firepower this summer, particularly with the departure of forward/center Tosan Evboumwan. That said, I think Lee has one of the more advantageous situations among Canadian second-year players, as Princeton also lost senior guard Ryan Langborg, its second leading scorer from last year, who played 31 minutes per game. I think Lee is next in line and I expect he’ll enter the starting five and see a big jump in minutes and production.


3. Elijah Fisher | Sophomore | DePaul | 19.8yo SF | 6’6, 200lbs, 6’10 wingspan | Oshawa, ON
Last year’s stats (Texas Tech): 3.3ppg (51.2 TS%), 2.0rpg, 0.4apg, 0.4spg, 0.1bpg

Profile: Over the years, I’ve written thousands of words about Fisher. Most of the time, I was trying to rein in the impossible expectations put on his shoulders since he was Canada’s “next Andrew Wiggins” at age 13. Hopefully the crazy and unrealistic hype is finally over given his struggles at Texas Tech (which should not have been surprising to anyone who read my preview from last year). And hopefully he now gets to just play college basketball at a friendlier basketball environment and has some real chances to show what he can do, which is still quite a bit (at least at the college level). Despite the limitations that I’ve mentioned numerous times, Fisher still has solid lower body strength, a strong attack mentality, the ability to finish around the rim with contact or draw fouls, and maybe most importantly, interesting defensive potential, including defending the point of attack. He’s never going to be the scorer he was in high school, as much of his offensive game doesn’t translate that well to higher levels. But he did look more poised this summer with Team Canada than he did in previous events, and his shooting also looked more fluent and accurate (43.8% from 3, but on a small sample size).



Team context: Fisher’s situation at DePaul seems much more advantageous, both socially and in terms of the competition. I definitely can see him starting and getting a good amount of minutes for a team that doesn’t really have a clear number one option. Again, people should rein in their expectations. Unless he can really turn his shooting around (unlikely, as his shooting touch from all ranges has never been great), I find talks about him as an NBA prospect unrealistic. But if we take this off the table, at least for now, he could still have a nice college career, starting this year.


4. Wilguens Exacte | Sophomore | Utah | 20.3yo SG | 6'6, 225lbs | Montreal, QC
Last year’s stats: 3.6ppg (46.4 TS%), 1.3rpg, 0.7apg, 0.2spg, 0.0bpg

Profile: Another player who played high school ball at the NBA Latin America Academy in Mexico. I was quite high on Exacte last year (at least relatively to others in the class) and thought he should be one of the better Canadian rookies but it didn’t go as I expected. Exacte opened the season well in his first two games, but from there on he really trailed off. I still think he can shoot it and his defense is decent, but his on-ball skills were not strong enough for a perimeter player and he had a really hard time driving to the basket, scoring in the paint (a very weak 2-point percentage), and impacting the game. I’m hoping for some real improvement this year, as I do think there’s some real talent there (athleticism, size, strength, defensive potential, and a smooth-looking shooting stroke).



Team context: With the departure of Lazar Stefanovic (to UCLA) and Senior guard Marco Anthony, it seemed like more minutes in the backcourt opened up. But Utah brought in several senior guards from the transfer portal and still has a few guys who played big minutes last year and are likely to be ahead of Exacte in the rotation. He should still see some extended playing time this year and hopefully, he can also improve his skill level and production and be more assertive and efficient in these minutes.


5. Enoch Boakye | Junior | Fresno State | 20.6yo C | 6'10, 255lbs | Brampton, ON
Last year’s stats (Arizona State): 0.7ppg, 0.7rpg. 0.1apg, 0.1spg, 0.2bpg

Profile: A quick look at the stats above from Exacte’s second year in Arizona State might suggest that this is a waste of time. Perhaps. But Boakye, a 5-star prospect coming out of high school according to some (I never quite got this hype), really fell out of favor at Arizona State and was buried behind a deep and experienced rotation of bigs in a team that didn’t believe in him (he played only 3 minutes per game). He’ll have a chance for a fresh start this season, and from what I’ve seen with the Canadian Team at Global Jam this summer, I think there remains some intrigue there, particularly as a defensive anchor in the paint who brings a good motor and energy and can be a decent rim runner and rim protector when he plays with confidence.



Team context: Enoch will likely come off the bench behind senior center Eduardo Andre. But unlike in Arizona State, I think he’s going to be the first option off the bench, get around 20 minutes per game, and have a real chance to show what he can do and gain confidence.


ALSO WATCHING:

Brayden O'Connor | Sophomore | UMass-Lowell | SG | 6'4, 205lbs | Ottawa, ON. I loved watching O’Connor in high school and see some interesting potential here, with a good combination of activity level, strength, athleticism, skill, and shooting potential. He didn’t have a big role as a freshman with UMass (14 minutes per game, mostly playing off the ball) but I liked what I saw from him in the minutes he did play. He had a strong finish to the season last year and I won’t be surprised if he starts and plays big minutes this year. One of my primary candidates to make a real leap this year.



Nana Owusu-Anane | Junior | Brown | 21.6yo PF | 6'8, 220lbs | Burlington, ON. I mentioned above that only three Canadian freshmen/sophomores scored more than 10 points per game last year. Owusu-Anane, a starter for Brown, was one of them, playing almost 30 minutes per night. He’s likely to continue to see big minutes and hopefully further improve his numbers (he added 8.2 rebounds and 2.6 STOCKS per game last season). The former U19 Team Canada player brings leadership, a great motor, and plenty of intangibles to his team. An improvement in shooting efficiency (18% from 3 and only 44% from the field last year) would be a most welcome addition.

Marko Maletic | Sophomore | Toledo | 6’6 SG, 210lbs | London, ON. Coming off a lengthy injury, Maletic was the top Canadian underclassmen scorer last year, with almost 16 points per game. He’s a 3-point marksman, who took 7.5 threes per game and made 38.8% of them. So how come he’s not higher on my list? Partly because he’s older than other sophomores and partly because he played on one of the weakest teams in college basketball, which did not win any games against D1 rivals last year despite playing in a weak conference. Playing against better competition with Canada’s U23 team during Global Jam, Maletic was much less impressive. We’ll see how he does at Toledo, where he’ll have much stiffer competition for minutes and will play tougher opponents.

DJ Jackson | Sophomore | IUPUI | 20.5yo SG | 6’4, 180lbs | Mississauga, ON. And here’s a guy who almost cleared the double digit scoring mark (9.6ppg), the only Canadian freshman who came close to doing this. Jackson finished off the year well, scoring 13 points or more in 4 out of his last 5 games (including 23 and 24 points in two of these games). I still think the ceiling is not very high due to his limited physical and athletic profile, combined with somewhat iffy 3-point shooting. But DJ was a very good high school scorer and could also be one in college.



Isaac Jack | Sophomore | Dayton | C | 6’11, 250lbs | Port Alberni, BC. After a decent freshman year in Buffalo, Jack decided to transfer to Dayton and will be playing alongside another Canadian, Kobe Elvis. A big man with decent size and footwork around the rim, who can also shoot it a bit, he’ll probably come off the bench behind one of the best centers in college basketball, Daron Holmes. But he should still get a decent amount of minutes as the team’s main backup big.
“If every basketball player worked as hard as I did, I’d be out of a job.”
— Steve Nash
Top
mojo13
Veteran
Posts: 2,603
And1: 1,904
Joined: Mar 25, 2014
    
Re: NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24 
Quote

Post#5 » by mojo13 » Tue Oct 31, 2023 8:43 pm

So weak that Elijah Fisher is #3 on this list.

That tells me all I need to know.





Great write-up as always.
Top
Hair Canada
Bench Warmer
Posts: 1,328
And1: 1,633
Joined: Nov 02, 2017
Re: NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24 
Quote

Post#6 » by Hair Canada » Wed Nov 1, 2023 1:51 pm

JUCO SPECIAL

Since the sophomore and junior classes are thin, I decided to do something else this year and look at players moving to NCAA D1 teams from junior college (most of them will technically be sophomores and juniors).

People tend to look down at players who go through the JUCO basketball world. The general thinking is that if players are unable to get a D1 scholarship offer coming straight out of high school they are likely just not talented enough.

But there are many reasons why talented players, especially Canadian ones, might go the JUCO route. Sometimes it has to do with academic achievements that need to be straightened up. Even more often in the Canadian case, it reflects a degree of under-recruiting of diamonds in the rough, especially for players who spent their entire high school career in Canada. Chris Boucher (former JUCO player of the year) is a good example for this and Mychal Mulder also went to JUCO before moving to Kentucky and then having a stint with the Golden States Warriors in the NBA.



But it’s not only Canadians of course. Jimmy Butler, Jae Crowder, Richaun Holmes, Delon Wright, and Kenrich Williams are other examples of current NBA players who first went the JUCO route. Historically, the list includes all time defensive greats like Ben Wallace and Denis Rodman, as well as other legends of the game like Bob McAdoo, Artis Gilmore, Nate Archibald, Shawn Marion, Mitch Richmond, and John Starks.

This year, perhaps partly resulting from ongoing under recruiting due to COVID, quite a few interesting Canadian prospects will join the league after spending time in Junior College. The adjustment to the higher level at D1 colleges is always a challenge and not everyone will make the transition smoothly, but I do think there are a couple of interesting talents here, more so than in a typical year.


1. Malachi Davis | Arizona State | 6’4 SG, 175lbs | Toronto, ON
Last year’s stats (Tallahassee Community College): 17ppg, 3.4rpg, 3.3apg. 35% from 3 (4 shots per game)

Profile: Malachi first caught my eye playing high school basketball with Toronto Prep in the OSBA a couple of years ago (pre-COVID). He looked like one of the best shooters to come out of a Canadian high school in recent years. He wasn’t heavily recruited, perhaps due to his slight frame, and after two years in Lakeland and one in Tallahassee (playing next to Addison Patterson), he’s now getting a shot at a high major D1 college. Davis can really light it up from 3 and has NBA range and beyond. He had a crazy finish to last season, scoring 30 points or more in all of his last 5 games, including a 48-point performance. Was heavily recruited by several high major schools, including Texas, Louisville, Oregon State, and Memphis, but he chose the Sun Devils. He’s an ambidextrous bucket getter, who has the ball on a string. Very quick and shifty, gets to the paint with ease, and finishes with both hands equally well. He’s also not just a volume scorer. He’s been quite efficient in JUCO. He reminds me a bit of Bones Hyland (both physically and in terms of his game) and I really like the talent level. There could be a sneaky NBA player hiding there, especially if he can defend at a reasonable level, though that’s probably not the most likely result.



Team context:I think he’s going to play from day one at Arizona State next year, get a good amount of minutes, and start to get on people’s radar. We’ll need to see how he adjusts to the jump in levels, but he’s talented enough to make the transition and he’s an interesting prospect. He’s also not going to be the sole Canadian playing for the Sun Devils this year. While Enoch Boakye left, another Canadian big man, Bryant Selebangue, joined through the transfer portal and is likely to get quite a few minutes after a productive year at Tulsa.

2. Elijah Mahi | Santa Clara | 20.1yo SG | 6’6, 235lbs | Durham, ON
Last year at West Valley College: 17.5ppg, 6.5rpg, 2.7apg, 39.5% from 3.

Profile: Only 20yo, Mahi is the youngest guy on this group (at least among those whose age I know) and also one of the more intriguing among them. I’ve been following him ever since he broke out as a high school sophomore, playing alongside Kobe Elvis at Bill Crothers. Notably, he’s had significant ups and downs during his high school career. He first looked like an athletic shooter but later on added weight, lost some of his bounce and looked more like an undersized PF. This might have been the reason he wasn’t able to get D1 offers coming out of high school, though I had him as a top-10 player in his birth cohort (which also includes Sharpe, Houstan, L. Miller, and R. Nembhard). But over the last two years, he got back in shape and regained some explosiveness and mobility. This summer he showed that his athletic pop is fully back and he has handle, creativity, and pace (a bit of an old man’s game) that make him an intriguing player, especially if the perimeter shot eventually gets back to what it used to be when he was 16yo. Mahi likes to attack the rim but does it at his own pace, using his strong frame to his advantage. Also has good vision, though he’s not quite a playmaker.



Team context: Santa Clara has been a Canadian bastion ever since Nash made it his home. But in recent years, the Canadians passing through it have been a bit less successful, while American players (first Jay Dub and last year Podziemski) have been able to break out and be picked in the NBA lottery or the first round. I’m hoping Mahi reverses this trend. There are several guys with size, talent, and more experience than him who are likely to be ahead of him in the rotation to start the season (mainly French Arizona transfer Adama Bal, but also Carlos Marshall and Tyeree Bryan). But Mahi has enough talent to find some playing time and as I mentioned, he’s still young and has time to adjust to this level and become a good college player with some upside.


3. Kye Dickson | North Carolina Central | 6’8 SF, 190lbs | Toronto, ON
Last year at Grayson College: 21.0ppg, 8.6rpg

Profile: What if I told you that there’s a 20 years-old 6’8 SG/SF from Toronto whom you’ve probably never heard of, who has good athleticism and a knack for scoring, and last year put up 21ppg and 8.6rpg in a collegiate setting, straight out of high school? You’d probably be asking how come he even played JUCO basketball last year and also why he didn’t find his way to a bigger college than North Carolina Central. Part of the answer to the first question is what I talked about above (under recruiting). But there are also other warning signs that should help curb the enthusiasm. Despite the staggering counting stats and the clear scoring and rebounding abilities packed in an NBA body, Dickson has also been highly inefficient and didn’t contribute much beyond scoring and rebounding. He shot 43% from the field and 21% from 3 (5 attempts per game), although 78% from the line suggest he has some shooting touch. Even more worrying for me were 0.8apg to 3.2tpg (a 0.2 A/TO rate!) and only 11 stocks throughout the entire year (0.4 per game) for an athletic 6’8. So Dickson will need to get better at scoring more efficiently and also at helping his team in other ways. But the potential at his size and with his scoring prowess is undeniably intriguing.



Team context: As I’ve noted above, there’s quite a jump from JUCO to D1 and most players take some time to adjust. I suspect this might also be the case for Dickson, as he won’t be allowed the freedom to take as many (bad) shots and will need to show he can help in other aspects of the game. But like Mahi, he has youth (also around 20yo) and talent that make him a prospect worth following.


4. Caleb Johnson | Jacksonville State | 6’6 SF/PF, 200lbs | Cole Harbour, NS
Last year’s stats (Vincennes): 16.6ppg (39% from 3), 4.3rpg, 2.8apg

Profile: Johnson Was Kellen Tynes’ main partner in crime in 2018, as the two led an undersized Team Nova Scotia to a legendary gold medal in the U17 Canadian Nationals, beating loaded teams from Ontario (featuring Josh Primo, Ryan Nembhard, and Kobe Elvis) and Quebec (featuring Ben Mathurin and O-Max). Like Tynes, he’s a real fighter and a player who helps his team in many different ways, including shooting, passing, defense, steals and blocks. A Swiss army knife and a good athlete with a high motor who plays bigger than his size and doesn’t give up on plays, he’s the type of player coaches and teammates love. He showed all that at Vincennes last year, as the team’s best and most consistent player (scored in double figures in all but one game) leading them to the Elite Eight and being selected a JUCO All American.



Team context: Johnson is quite a bit older than Mahi and Dickson so the upside may not be as high, but I think he might become one of the best Canadians out of JUCO this year and make an immediate impact. I wouldn’t be surprised if he finds his way into the starting five as the season progresses, especially if he continues to shoot the 3-ball as well as he did last year.


5. Brandon Muntu | Western Michigan | 6’4 SG | Calgary, AB
Last year’s stats (Triton College): 15.7ppg (41% from 3 on very high volume; 88% from the line) 4.2rpg, 2.7apg, 1.7spg

Profile: Like Johnson, Muntu is an older JUCO prospect, having spent his rookie year at Vincennes as a red shirt and then playing 2 seasons for Triton college. An excellent shooter with good athleticism, he was one of the best players last year in all of JUCO and was selected Third-Team NJCAA All-American. Munto was also considered for the Canadian Global Jam team this summer but didn’t make the final cutoff (which was maybe a mistake given the poor shooting for that team).



Team context: If Munto can adjust to the higher level and continue shooting like he has last year, he’ll be getting plenty of chances at Western Michigan. He’ll be playing alongside two other Canadians – 6’4 sophomore guard Jefferson Monegro and former U19 Team Canada member, 7’0 center [/b]Javonte Brown[/b]. Both haven’t shown much so far in their college careers and will hope to make a jump this year.


ALSO WATCHING:

Enoch Kalambay | Western Kentucky | 21.8yo 6’6 (200lbs) | Gatineau, QC.
Last year’s stats (Indian Hills): 12.8ppg (34% from 3; 45% from the field) 6.6rpg, 2.8apg

And here’s a third NJCAA All-American (Third Team), who like the previous two (Johnson and Muntu) will be making the jump to college, playing in a relatively stronger conference and team. Fans of Team Canada may remember Kalambay, who in 2021 played for the U19 bronze medal Team that featured Mathurin, Prosper, Edey, Houstan, and Nembhard. He was another guy who I was a bit surprised to see taking the JUCO route rather than D1 but was happy to see him play very well over the last two seasons at Indian Hills Community College. A good athlete, with a strong body and the ability to get to the rim, Kalambay’s shooting and handle have always been solid but not great, limiting his ceiling. I haven’t watched him much in the last two years, so I’m curious to see the progress he’s made in these areas of the game. The Hilltoppers have a roster made almost entirely of upperclassmen and Kalambay will be one of them. I don’t think he starts, but I can certainly see him coming off the bench in an extended role and adding some size and toughness on the wing.




HONORABLE MENTION
.
Addison Patterson | Northwestern State | 22.4yo | 6’6 SG, 200lbs | Milton ON
Last year at Tallahassee: 19.4ppg (28% from 3), 5.1rpg, 3.5apg

Patterson was supposed to revive his basketball career and become one of the higher profile Canadians out of JUCO. But he suffered a season-ending injury while playing with Team Canada U23 at the Global Jam this summer and will need to go through rehab before he hopefully joins Northwestern State next year.
“If every basketball player worked as hard as I did, I’d be out of a job.”
— Steve Nash
Top
Hair Canada
Bench Warmer
Posts: 1,328
And1: 1,633
Joined: Nov 02, 2017
Re: NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24 
Quote

Post#7 » by Hair Canada » Fri Nov 3, 2023 2:22 pm

SENIORS

Following COVID, players were awarded the option for five years of eligibility, meaning there are many more seniors in college basketball than before, including Canadian seniors. So I’m going to split this into two – true seniors (fourth year players) and super seniors, those who already graduated but used their extra year of eligibility and stayed in college. Starting today with the former.


1. Zach Edey | Purdue | 21.7yo C | 7'4, 300lbs, 7’11 wingspan | Toronto, ON |
Last year’s stats: 22.3ppg (63.9 TS%), 12.9rpg, 1.5apg, 0.2spg, 2.1bpg

Profile : The big maple continues to improve with every year in college and last year, after the departure of Ivey and Williams, he completely took over the team and college basketball. Selected unanimously as the NCAA Player of the Year, he showed staggering dominance and efficiency. A year and a half ago, I’ve written a 2,000-word piece (https://www.onpointbasketball.com/the-future-of-canadian-basketball-in-the-paint-part-3-zach-edey/) about what makes Edey such an exciting prospect. The NBA remains questionable, as the league now “hates” players of his type. A European career might eventually be the better route. The games with Team Canada this summer again showed the defensive limitations, which were also evident in college. But I’m rather optimistic that these can be both improved on Edey’s end and better hidden with the right defensive scheme around him. He’s such an offensive force (hasn’t missed a shot in the WC) that it’s at least worth trying to give him a real run with Team Canada as he continues to improve his basketball understanding and defensive acumen.



Team context : Regardless of his NBA future, he remains an unstoppable force in college. One could question the decision to go back to Purdue, as he has nothing to prove and seemingly not a lot he can improve on in this setting. Purdue will again be Edey’s team. I’m just not sure the team around him improved enough to make a deep run in the post season. The young backcourt of Smith and Loyer will have another year of experience and others could surprise, but I’m worried about the spacing/shooting. I’m also not sure this is the best team for Edey to experiment with something more that he has so far, such as shooting from the mid-range (and potentially even some 3-pointers) or getting a chance to practice defensive schemes other than a deep drop. But I also think we (including myself) tend to worry too much about the future. Edey is the most dominant Canadian college player ever. And it’s not even close. How about we just sit back and enjoy the ride while we have a chance? It’s going to be a long time before another Canadian looks like this playing college basketball.

2. Jahmyl Telfort | Butler | 22.6yo SF | 6'7, 230lbs | Boucherville, QC
Last year’s stats (Northeastern): 16.3ppg (54.8 TS%), 4.5rpg, 2.2apg, 1.0spg, 0.5bpg

Profile: Telfort had a productive year at Northeastern, despite the team being very weak. He was one of the leading Canadian scorers in college and provided good defense and physicality. His shooting remained a bit shaky and so was the decision making (more TOs than assists), which was also evident in a mediocre Global Jam campaign this summer with the Canadian U23 team. Now moving to the Big East, he could break into national consciousness with a good year. He has the tools to make some noise with his combination of size, strength, and athleticism. Perimeter shooting remains the swing skill for him to be able to tap into his borderline potential as an NBA 3-and-D, though it’s never been a real strength and I’m not quite sure he’s skilled enough to make the jump.



Team context: The Bulldogs look like one of the weaker teams in the Big East and finishing in the top half of the conference would be a surprise. But Telfort should get plenty of playing time and will certainly have a chance to establish himself as a legit high major prospect. He also has an extra year of eligibility before embarking on a pro career.


3. Keeshawn Barthelemy | Oregon | 22.8yo SG | 6'2, 175lbs | Montreal, QC
Last year’s stats: 9.3ppg (53.1 TS%), 2.0rpg, 2.4apg, 0.6spg, 0.1bpg

Profile: Barthelemy’s transition to Oregon did not go smoothly, primarily due to an injury-ridden season. He was still able to show some of his talent in the games he played but will hope to have a healthier and more impactful season as one of the leaders in the Duck’s backcourt. Barthelemy is on the smaller side for a shooting guard and is not really a PG. But he’s a very good athlete who can get hot from 3 and he shot in the mid-30s from the perimeter over the last two seasons. He’s already proven that he can be a good college player and hopefully, this is the year where he takes an extra step and becomes a team leader.



Team context: With Will Richardson gone, Barthelemy should now be a surefire starter and get big minutes, as long as he can stay healthy. Oregon will likely again be a fairly good team, though I think several PAC-12 teams are better.


4. Kellen Tynes | Maine | 22.1yo PG | 6'3, 175lbs | Dartmouth, NS
2021-22 stats: 14.3ppg (55.2 TS%), 4.6rpg, 3.8apg, 3.3spg (!), 0.5bpg

Profile: The feel-good story of Canadians in college basketball last year. After two wasted seasons at Montana State, Tynes broke out big at Maine, showing all the traits that made him such a touted high school prospect when playing in Canada (including leading Team Nova Scotia to both the U15 and the U17 national championships). He scored the ball well, rebounded, distributed, and mainly was able to showcase his exceptional defensive instincts, leading all of college with more than 3 steals per game. He was also able to show some of this unique defensive acumen with Team Canada’s U23 team this summer at the Global Jam. The ceiling is still quite hard (probably no NBA potential), as he doesn’t have elite physical tools (both frame and explosiveness), and his shooting touch is only average. But it was a treat to see him become a high-level college PG, demonstrating his potential to turn into a very nice pro down the line.



Team context: Maine is the most Canadian college in the NCAA D1, with 5 Canadians, 3 of whom will be starters. And Tyne is clearly the best player on the team and its undisputed leader, as well as the only guy left from last year who scored in double digits. He’ll share the backcourt with fellow Canadian PG Jaden Clayton, who I’m expecting to make a jump after a nice rookie season. Both Tynes and Clayton already played more than 30 minutes per game last year and that’s not going to change. But I hope they can improve their scoring efficiency, especially behind the arc. The Black Bears are also going to have Canadian sharpshooter Okay Djamgouz, probably coming off the bench, and
I expect he’ll have a bit of a breakout season as well with increased playing time after transferring from Drake.


5. Jalen Celestine | California | 21.9yo SG | 6'7, 215lbs | Ajax, ON
Last year’s stats: N/A[/b]

Profile: Coming out of high school, I had Celestine as one of the most interesting Canadian prospects in his class. He began to show some interesting signs two years ago, before getting injured and missing all of last year. A knock-down shooter with excellent size and good skill, he’s still fairly young (only turning 22 this Christmas) and I think there’s quite a bit of untapped potential there. Come to think of it, he might actually still technically be considered a junior, having missed a full season, which would give him three more full years of college eligibility.



Team context: California was by far the worst team in the PAC-12 last year (and maybe one of the worst in the country) but they should become significantly better this year with the addition of Canadian super senior center Fardaws Aimaq (I’ll talk about him next time), as well as Junior transfer guard Jaylon Tyson (a top-50 Texas recruit coming out of high school) and Celestine coming back from injury. Celestine might not start, as there are a couple of senior and super senior guards on the team, including former Kentucky five-star Devin Askew. He will first need to shake off the rust and get back to his form from the 2021-22 season, when he was a regular starter for the Golden Bears. He’s a big versatile guard with very good offensive potential, but it might not yet be on full display this year.


ALSO WATCHING:

[b]Kobe Elvis | Dayton | 22.6yo CG | 6'2, 170lbs | Brampton, ON. Elvis wasn’t really at his best last year, partly I think due to nagging injuries. But he remains one of the more fun Canadian guards to watch in college, with a blend of skill, finesse, creativity, feel, and shot making. He’s not really a PG, is on the lighter side, and not an exceptional athlete, which clearly limits the ceiling, but still a fun player, starting for arguably the best team in the Atlantic 10.


“If every basketball player worked as hard as I did, I’d be out of a job.”
— Steve Nash
Top
mojo13
Veteran
Posts: 2,603
And1: 1,904
Joined: Mar 25, 2014
    
Re: NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24 
Quote

Post#8 » by mojo13 » Fri Nov 3, 2023 6:22 pm

Zach Edey supposedly returned to Purdue for finacial reasons as he was set to make way more in NILs than he was assured of as a pro. That alone says a few things about the NCAA and Zach's professional prospects.

I am even more muted on him as a pro prospect and an asset to the SMNT after watching him this summer. As you said above, a team needs to bend itself around Zach for him not to be completely exposed on D and have enough of offensive impact. I don't see that happening with an NBA team or a solid SMNT. Maybe he could anchor a "Winter Core" team but I don't see much of a use for him with a decent Summer Core team. And even a Winter Core team could be tough as they really need to be "plug and play" teams.

My best hopes for him are that heads to Europe ASAP and not get lost in the purgatory between end of bench NBA player and the G-League. As so many Canadians seem to do now that the NBA has made it easier more lucrative to do so. Even worse outcome would be for him to end up in China (likely where the most money will be).
Top
Hair Canada
Bench Warmer
Posts: 1,328
And1: 1,633
Joined: Nov 02, 2017
Re: NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24 
Quote

Post#9 » by Hair Canada » Sat Nov 4, 2023 12:06 am

mojo13 wrote:
Zach Edey supposedly returned to Purdue for finacial reasons as he was set to make way more in NILs than he was assured of as a pro. That alone says a few things about the NCAA and Zach's professional prospects.

I am even more muted on him as a pro prospect and an asset to the SMNT after watching him this summer. As you said above, a team needs to bend itself around Zach for him not to be completely exposed on D and have enough of offensive impact. I don't see that happening with an NBA team or a solid SMNT. Maybe he could anchor a "Winter Core" team but I don't see much of a use for him with a decent Summer Core team. And even a Winter Core team could be tough as they really need to be "plug and play" teams.

My best hopes for him are that heads to Europe ASAP and not get lost in the purgatory between end of bench NBA player and the G-League. As so many Canadians seem to do now that the NBA has made it easier more lucrative to do so. Even worse outcome would be for him to end up in China (likely where the most money will be).


As you know, I'm higher than you on Edey. I recognize the defensive limitations but I think he will learn with time how to work around them and not be a black hole on that side of the court. His offensive gravity could be worth trying to work around these limitations. He's obviously more suited for some oponent lineups than others. But need to remember how young and relatively inexperienced he is playing at the highest levels. He'll get better. I do agree that the Euroleague might be the ideal landing spot eventually.
“If every basketball player worked as hard as I did, I’d be out of a job.”
— Steve Nash
Top
Hair Canada
Bench Warmer
Posts: 1,328
And1: 1,633
Joined: Nov 02, 2017
Re: NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24 
Quote

Post#10 » by Hair Canada » Sat Nov 4, 2023 3:30 pm

SUPER SENIORS

Beyond Edey, quite a few other Canadian big men decided to stay in college an extra year, most of them as super seniors and most transfered to play their last season at a new high major setting. Except for the first guy on this list, I don’t think any of them is realistically an NBA prospect, as all have significant limitations that would be hard to overcome. But I’d be happy to be proven wrong and regardless, it's good to see this crop of young bigs, clearly a position of need for basketball Canada over the last decade. Hopefully, at least one or two of these end up as pros in Europe and become pillars of the winter core over the next few years.


1. Emanuel Miller | TCU | 23.4yo PF | 6'7, 220lbs | Scarborough, ON
Last year’s stats: 12.3ppg (39.2% from 3), 6.5rpg, 1.7apg, 0.9spg, 0.9bpg

Profile: Following a bit of a rocky start at TCU, Miller had an excellent second season, with the most important development being a fairly steady hand from the perimeter after hardly taking any 3-point shots during his first two years in college. A remarkable defender and team player, the shooting has always been the swing skill to tap into his 3nD NBA potential and it’s great he’s been able to make the jump even if the volume was not very high. All he needs now to convince an NBA team to take a chance on him is maintain this level of precision, ideally while further increasing the volume. Not an easy task, but he’s capable of doing it. Regardless, he’s going to be one of the best upperclassmen in college basketball, a jack of all trades, even if he’s a bit undersized as a PF.



Team context: TCU were one of the best teams in the Big-12 (and maybe even in college) last year. But they lost quite a bit of firepower, with the departure of their productive backcourt, Mike Miles and Damian Baugh, who between them provided more than 30 points and nearly 10 assists per game. Jameer Nelson Jr. (son of) who transferred from Delaware and Avery Andreson III coming from Oklahoma State are decent replacements who will provide instant offense, but neither is a good shooter, nor the passer that Bought was and it will take TCU some time to regain its previous form, if at all. Miller will be the key player in the front court and the defensive anchor, but hopefully he also continues to see open looks on the perimeter and knock them down.


2. Ben Krikke | Iowa | 22.6yo C | 6'9, 240lbs | Edmonton, AB
Last year’s stats (Valparaiso): 19.4ppg (60.8% TS), 5.9rpg, 2.1apg, 0.5spg, 0.9bpg

Profile: One of my favorite players, Krikke was the second most productive Canadian in college last year, behind Edey. He made a significant jump in all statistical categories, led the Missouri Valley Conference in scoring, and was an unstoppable force in the paint, even if Valpo was not a very good team. He's not an explosive athelte (which limits his rebounding and defense), but he's mastered his footwork, uses his strong body well, and has really nice feel, as well as shoting touch around the rim and from the mid-range. He's also the youngest guy on this list, more than two years younger than some of the others, so there might still be some untapped potential there. I like his decision to try and show he can also produce in the Big-10, but it’s not going to be easy playing against experienced 7-footers like Purdue’s Edey, Wisconsin’s Steven Crowl, Indiana’s Kel’el Ware, and Rutgers’ Cliff Omoruyi.



Team context: Iowa are bringing back a few experienced upperclassmen who scored in double digits last year and should be a solid, though not spectacular, team. I think Krikke will be their starting center and get good minutes. As I say above, the competition is going to be much tougher, but I hope he’s able to show that he belongs at this level and finish his college career on a high note.


3. Fardaws Aimaq | California | 24.8yo C | 6'11, 245lbs, 7'3 wingspan | Vancouver, BC
Last year’s stats (at Texas Tech): 11.1ppg (50.5 TS%), 7.9rpg, 1.5apg, 0.5spg, 0.3bpg

Profile: Coming off incredibly productive seasons at Utah Valley (WAC Player of the Year and Defensive Player of the Year in 2021-22; leading the NCAA in rebounding in 2020-21), Aimaq decided to make the jump to a high major team in Texas Tech. Unfortunately, he got hurt prior to the start of the season and when he came back, it didn’t look pretty. He looked heavy, hesitant, and out of shape, the athleticism was not there, and the team coaching was also very iffy. At full strength, Aimaq is quite a force – a dominant rebounder with strength, good footwork, and a developing perimeter shot. As I said in the piece I wrote about him last year (https://www.onpointbasketball.com/the-future-of-canadian-basketball-in-the-paint-part-2-college-upperclassmen/), I can’t really see this adding up to NBA potential, mainly due to defensive limitations and his mediocre touch around the rim. But he’s been a heartwarming come-out-of-nowhere success story who should become an overseas pro when he’s done. If he does, he could be a possible nice addition to the Canadian winter core in time.



Team context: Unlike some of the other players on this super-senior list, who simply made what looks like a lateral move, I can see why Aimaq transferred and why he chose to be back to a final college year despite being almost 25yo. He deserves to finish an impressive college career on a strong note. It’s also likely that he’ll be the focal point of the offense at Cal, playing for his coach from Utah Valley, Mark Madsen, who knows and appreciates him, so he could certainly have a big year.


4. Tyrese Samuel Seton Hall, 23.7yo PF, 6'10, 240lbs, 7'1 wingspan, Montreal, QC
Last year’s stats (Seton Hall): 11.0ppg (58.2 TS%), 5.9rpg, 0.7apg, 1.1spg, 0.8bpg

Profile: Unlike Aimaq, Samuel had his best college season last year, putting up decent stats on a pretty good team. It wasn’t quite at an NBA-level, which I once thought he had in him, but the improvement was clear. He remains a good athlete (though not as explosive as he seemed to be in high school) with good size, strength, and skill for his position. but his overall game is probably not strong enough for the NBA, mainly due to issues with shooting touch, motor, consistency, feel, and awareness. That said, he remains a potential pro and an intriguing prospect for Team Canada’s winter core and perhaps the change of scenery in this final year (after four full years in South Orange, New Jersey) will allow him to showcase parts of his game that he wasn’t able to tap into in previous years.



Team context: Like most guys on this super-senior list, Samuel decided to transfer for his final year, joining Florida, which is both a bigger name and, at least on paper, a better team. I’m pretty certain he’ll be starting at center with his experience and pedigree, and hopefully he leaves a significant mark on this decorated program.


5. Quincy Guerrier | Illinois | 24.5yo PF | 6'7, 230lbs, 6'10 wingspan | Montreal, QC
Last year’s stats (Oregon): 9.0ppg (53.3 TS%), 4.6rpg, 1.0apg, 0.4spg, 0.4bpg[/b]

Profile: After a strong sophomore season at Syracuse, Guerrier’s transition to Oregon did not go smoothly and both he and the team were disapointing over the last two seasons. I thought he would blossom in the Oregon offense, but despite getting decent playing time, he wasn’t very dominant. He did shoot the 3-ball a bit better but his overall production and particularly his STOCKS really plunged (down to .8 from almost two at Syracuse). He’s still a decent player. But at his age, I think I would have already preferred for him to embark on a professional career. Instead, he’ll give it another go at Illinois. Perhaps NIL money now makes it worthwhile.



Team context: Illinois is arguably a top-25 colleage team and Guerrier should be a starter for them. Hopefully, the fit is better than it was in Oregon and he’s able to get back to his Syracuse days, while maintaining the improvement in his 3-point shooting, so he can finish college on a high note.


ALSO WATCHING:

Ryan Young | Duke | 23.8yo C | 6'10, 240lbs | Stewartsville, NJ. Young’s stats don’t jump out of the page (6.4ppg and 5.5rpg), but he was highly efficient (72% TS) at Duke last year and even started the season ahead of Dereck Lively (the 12th pick in the draft) on the Blue Devils rotation. While he mostly plays below the rim, Young has a savvy offensive game and good shooting touch. Someone to really keep an eye on for Team Canada’s winter core in future years, if he shows interest in playing for the red and white.




Jaelin Llewellyn | Michigan | 24.4yo SG | 6'2, 175lbs | Mississauga, ON. Llewellyn’s transition from Princeton to a high major setting did not go smoothly. He was a starter for Michigan, but his shooting was poor (41.9% TS!) and he had a hard time making an impact before a season-ending injury in December. I don’t think he gets the credit to start again this year, especially since he’s less than a year removed from a torn ACL injury and might take some time to get his feet back under him. But the Wolverines are not that good of a team and are quite thin in the backcourt, so he should get his chances as the season progresses. I’m hoping he’s able to get back to his Princeton form and looks much better this year, so that a nice college career doesn’t end in a disappointing fashion.
“If every basketball player worked as hard as I did, I’d be out of a job.”
— Steve Nash
Top
Hair Canada
Bench Warmer
Posts: 1,328
And1: 1,633
Joined: Nov 02, 2017
Re: NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24 
Quote

Post#11 » by Hair Canada » Tue Nov 7, 2023 5:21 am

Not everyone played, but a couple of nice opening night performances by some of the guys I highlighted in the preview, especially the upperclassmen.

* Edey with 20 minutes in a non-competitive opening game for Purdue. 16 points, 11 rebounds, and 4 blocks.
* Tyrese Samuel with 15, 8, and 3 assists for Florida.
* Fardaws Aimaq with 16, 11, and 2 blocks in a tight California win.
* Jalen Celestine, who plays with him, with 21 points (career high) and very good shooting. Nice to see him come back strong from almost two years without competitive basketball.
* Jahmyl Telfort with a nice start at Butler -- 18 points and good shooting.
* Nana Owusu-Anane with 20 points, 7 rebounds and 6 STOCKS in a tight Brown loss.
* Xaivian Lee making the second year jump. 16 points and 5 assists in a nice Princeton win over a Big Ten Rutgers team.
“If every basketball player worked as hard as I did, I’d be out of a job.”
— Steve Nash
Top
BilboBanginz
Pro Prospect
Posts: 858
And1: 675
Joined: Jul 29, 2012
Location: Halifax, Nova Scotia
Re: NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24 
Quote

Post#12 » by BilboBanginz » Mon Apr 29, 2024 2:14 pm

23-24 1st-Team All-Canadian Malcolm Christie (Fredericton, NB) is heading to Oakland for his final year of eligibility. Huge loss for Dalhousie who would be one of the favorites for the U-Sports title next season.


Read on Twitter
Top
Kevin Willis
RealGM
Posts: 12,585
And1: 8,039
Joined: Apr 17, 2009
       
Re: NCAA Canadian Watch List, 2023-24 
Quote

Post#13 » by Kevin Willis » Mon Apr 29, 2024 5:22 pm

Lee did end up with a break out year.
Ska needs to make a comeback.
Top
Post Reply
13 posts • Page 1 of 1

Return to Toronto Raptors

Jump to
Display posts from previous: 
All posts
1 day
7 days
2 weeks
1 month
3 months
6 months
1 year
 Sort by 
Author
Post time
Subject
 
Ascending
Descending
 
Board index
All times are UTC
Delete all board cookies
The team
Contact us
FAQ


Basketball
Pistons Considering Pivot Away From Renting Out Cap Space At Trade Deadline
Herb Jones Out Indefinitely With Torn Labrum In Right Shoulder
Heat Never Tried To Trade Jimmy Butler Until He Made Request
Pelicans Suspend Zion Williamson One Game For Being Late For Team Flight
Grizzlies Sign Zyon Pullin To Two-Way, Waive Colin Castleton
More Basketball News »




↑
Basketball
The General Board
Player Comparisons
Trades and Transactions
Fantasy Basketball
Baseball
General MLB Discussion
Player Comparisons
Trades and Transactions
Fantasy Baseball
Football
General NFL Discussion
Player Comparisons
Fantasy Football
Soccer
General Soccer Board
Hockey
General NHL Discussion
Trades and Transactions
Player Comparisons
Support
Feedback and Suggestions
Global Announcements
Mass Dispatch
Follow Us
RealGM
Contact Us
About Us
Advertising
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use

All content © 2000-2025 RealGM, L.L.C. All rights reserved. Powered by phpBB® Forum Software © phpBB Limited.

 
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://forums.realgm.com/boards/viewtopic.php?t=2328319 
 ----- 
