Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
AZCentral | The Arizona Republic
MLB Playoffs clinching scenarios: DBacks, Astros, Marlins, Rangers, Blue Jays get berths
Jeremy Cluff, Arizona Republic
Sat, Sep 30, 2023·2 min read
9
The Houston Astros and Arizona Diamondbacks are still looking to clinch berths in the 2023 MLB Playoffs.

Update: The final five postseason berths in the 2023 MLB Playoffs were secured Saturday as the Toronto Blue Jays, Miami Marlins, Texas Rangers, Houston Astros and Arizona Diamondbacks all earned their spots in the MLB postseason.

The Texas Rangers (90-71) and Houston Astros (89-72) are still battling to see which team will win the AL West and which team will be a wild card team.

Original story: The final five postseason berths in the 2023 MLB Playoffs could be secured on Saturday, if things fall into place for those five teams, with the Toronto Blue Jays, Miami Marlins, Texas Rangers, Houston Astros and Arizona Diamondbacks close to guaranteeing their spots in the MLB postseason.

What needs to happen for each team to clinch their postseason bid?

Take a look at the MLB clinching scenarios for Saturday, with seven postseason berths already locked up (Baltimore Orioles, Minnesota Twins, Tampa Bay Rays, Atlanta Braves, Los Angeles Dodgers, Milwaukee Brewers and Philadelphia Phillies).

More: MLB playoff matchups, bracket, teams, postseason picture if 2023 playoffs began today

Blue Jays

Toronto would clinch a wild-card berth with a win against the Rays on Saturday or with a Seattle Mariners loss to the Rangers.

MLB Playoffs format: What to know about 2023 baseball postseason

Marlins

Miami would clinch a wild-card spot on Saturday with a win against the Pittsburgh Pirates or losses by the Chicago Cubs and the Cincinnati Reds.

When do baseball playoffs start?: 2023 MLB Playoffs schedule, TV channels, how to watch

Rangers

Texas would clinch the AL West title with a win over the Mariners Saturday and an Astros loss to the Diamondbacks.

It would clinch a wild card berth with a win over Seattle and a Houston win over Arizona.

NL wild card standings, schedule, odds: DBacks, Cubs, Marlins close in MLB Playoffs race

Astros

Houston would clinch a wild-card bid with a win over the Diamondbacks on Saturday.

MLB playoff picture: American League, National League wild-card races coming down to wire

Diamondbacks

Arizona would clinch a NL wild-card berth on Saturday with a win against the Astros or a loss by the Reds.

MLB Playoff odds: Postseason chances for National League, American League, World Series

Reach Jeremy Cluff at jeremy.cluff@arizonarepublic.com. Follow him on X, formerly Twitter @Jeremy_Cluff.

Support local journalism: Subscribe to azcentral.com today.

This article originally appeared on Arizona Republic: MLB Playoffs clinching scenarios for Saturday: 5 teams clinch berths

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
How Jack Sawyer punched Ohio State's ticket to the CFP title game in 83 long, glorious yards

It was fitting that Sawyer, a two-year starter and three-year letterman and one of the faces of Ohio State's fierce defense, was the one who made the play of the game.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ex-USC QB Miller Moss rips outlet for misrepresenting post-wildfire footage of strangers playing basketball at family's home

"Those are utter strangers."

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
3 Week 17 games that will determine fantasy football championships

With fantasy football championships on the line in most leagues, Matt Harmon outlines the three matchups most likely to determine winners and losers.

15d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: Week 17 RB rankings (Full-PPR)

The Yahoo Fantasy team reveals their Week 17 PPR running back rankings.

18d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football Week 17 Rankings (Full-PPR)

The Yahoo Fantasy team reveals their Week 17 PPR rankings for fantasy football.

18d ago
Yahoo Sports
Patrick Surtain II takes over as NFL Defensive Player of the Year betting favorite

Patrick Surtain II is vying to be the seventh cornerback to win DPOY.

9d ago
Yahoo Sports
Cotton Bowl score, results: Ohio State handles Texas, advances to title game

The title game is set.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Raiders clean house, NFL Wild Card Weekend preview & who could knock the Chiefs out? | Inside Coverage

Jason Fitz, Charles Robinson, and Frank Schwab talk about the Raiders cleaning house, the Rams-Vikings game being moved, preview other Wild Card Weekend matchups and discuss who might be able to knock out the Chiefs.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
CFP semifinal reactions: Did Notre Dame get LUCKY? and where it ALL went wrong for Penn State | College Football Power Hour

Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz & Adam Breneman react to this Orange Bowl ‘instant classic’ as Notre Dame defeats Penn State 27-24.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL scores: Vikings top Packers, Dolphins beat Browns as both clubs keep their playoff dreams alive

The Dolphins can still get an AFC wild card spot, while Minnesota can become the No. 1 seed in the NFC with a Week 18 win.

13d ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Notre Dame rallies to beat Penn State on last-minute field goal, advances to College Football Playoff national championship

Penn State threw an interception in the final minute to set up Notre Dame's winning kick.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck commits to Miami for final season of college football

Beck had entered the 2025 NFL Draft before heading into the transfer portal.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL MVP odds still favor Josh Allen, but Lamar Jackson is closing the gap

The NFL MVP race might come down to the end of the season.

16d ago
Yahoo Sports
Jets QB Aaron Rodgers says he'll decide 'whether or not I want to play' after the season ends

Rodgers told reporters Wednesday that, unless the Jets release him, he will contemplate his football future once the season is over.

24d ago
Yahoo Sports
Justin Herbert shines as Chargers get impressive win over Patriots to clinch playoff spot

The Chargers will be a wild-card team in the AFC bracket.

14d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fact of Fiction: Zion Williamson should have a trade market

The Pelicans star's impact has been more theoretical than actual. Is there anywhere but New Orleans that still wants to test that theory?

20h ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/mlb-playoffs-clinching-scenarios-dbacks-151235275.html 
 ----- 
