MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Hector Neris maintains he did not say slur to Julio Rodríguez
By Chandler Rome
Sep 30, 2023

45

PHOENIX — Speaking for the first time since Major League Baseball opened an investigation into his actions during Wednesday’s benches-clearing incident, Astros reliever Hector Neris again denied shouting a homophobic slur at Seattle’s Julio Rodríguez and said he does not believe his actions warrant any league discipline.

Neris charged and shouted toward Rodríguez after striking him out during Wednesday’s 8-3 win against the Mariners at T-Mobile Park. Mariners third baseman Eugenio Suárez alleged that Neris used an anti-gay slur in Spanish. On Thursday, Rodríguez declined to elaborate on what he heard Neris say.

“I’ve never said those words,” Neris said on Friday through an interpreter. “I was just as surprised as you guys hearing that report when it came out. Maybe it’s one of those things that was taken out of context. Maybe I should have smiled at the end of it. It looked wrong, obviously, me charging at him. I didn’t say anything else other than what I just said, other than saying cono.”

Asked what cono means, Astros Spanish language interpreter Jenloy Herrera responded “like f—. F—ing hit.”

“The only thing I really told him was ‘Hit, hit’ and then I said cono to him,” Neris said, according to Herrera.

Neris said he has spoken to “a lot of people” since Wednesday’s incident, but did not indicate whether MLB officials have reached out to him directly. The league began looking into the incident on Thursday, a source said. Astros manager Dusty Baker said the team has not yet heard whether Neris could be facing any disciplinary action.

“I don’t think I did anything that would be a violation of any of the rules or requiring disciplinary action from MLB,” Neris said. “It wasn’t anything personal and I don’t think anything that broke rules.”

On Thursday afternoon, Neris issued a statement apologizing to Rodríguez, Rodríguez’s family and the Mariners organization for his actions, but called any accusations that he used a homophobic slur “simply incorrect.”

“A lot of people are doing investigations to find out what actually was said,” Neris said on Friday. “For me,

Neris reiterated on Friday that he believed his actions were taken out of context and he regretted walking toward Rodríguez after the strikeout.

“I think it looks a little bit bad in the video, the intention,” Neris said. “Guys were yelling back at each other, heckling each other, joking around. I thought that was one of those moments but obviously it looks differently because I walked toward him. Maybe that was what the misunderstanding was.”

Neris has reached out to Rodríguez in hopes of apologizing, but Rodríguez said on Thursday he has no intentions of responding. The two men were friends prior to Wednesday’s incident, a relationship Rodríguez strongly insinuated is now fractured.

“It’s just not what you want to see,” Rodríguez said on Thursday. “Especially from someone you think is your friend, or thought was your friend.”

Neris did not answer whether he has attempted to contact Rodríguez again.

“He has his reasons because of the misunderstanding, but those are things that I let go,” Neris said. “Maybe it’s something we’ll talk about later once everything is going well.”

(Photo: Steph Chambers / Getty Images)

Chandler Rome is a Staff Writer for The Athletic covering the Houston Astros. Before joining The Athletic, he covered the Astros for five years at the Houston Chronicle. He is a graduate of Louisiana State University. Follow Chandler on Twitter @Chandler_Rome

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4914624/2023/09/29/hector-neris-julio-rodriguez-slur/ 
 ----- 
