Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Kings Clutch Duo Shines in 127-118 Overtime Win vs. Suns
The Sacramento Kings pulled out a close one on the road against the Phoenix Suns.
Will Zimmerle | Nov 11, 2024
Nov 10, 2024; Phoenix, Arizona, USA; Sacramento Kings guard De'Aaron Fox (5) and guard-forward DeMar DeRozan (10) react after Fox scores in overtime during a game against the Phoenix Suns at Footprint Center. Mandatory Credit: Allan Henry-Imagn Images / Allan Henry-Imagn Images
In this story:
Sacramento Kings

Coming into the season, the duo of DeMar DeRozan and De’Aaron Fox had the potential to be one of the best closing duos in the league. After ten games, the Sacramento Kings All-Star duo is proving that the potential is coming to fruition.

In a back-and-forth affair with the Phoenix Suns on Sunday that ended in overtime, the Kings leaned on their stars to get the job done. DeRozan caught fire in the fourth quarter, scoring 16 points on 6-of-7 from the field in the final frame.

The Suns' lead grew to 11 with 8:46 left in the fourth, and then DeRozan got to work. He hit in the mid-range, hit a three, and got to the line to score when the Kings needed is most.

DeRozan carried his momentum from the fourth into overtime where he scored 8 points on 3-of-3 from the field.

Right when it felt like the Kings would keep feeding DeMar, Fox got going in overtime, chipping in 8 points on 4-of-5 from the field to help seal the game.

Teams are faced with an impossible decision of who to focus on at the end of games between Fox and DeRozan, and we’ve seen a few times this season where the two bounce off of each other.

When one of DeRozan or Fox gets going, they can carry a team for stretches. When both of them get going, the Kings become nearly unstoppable.

Follow Sacramento Kings on SI on Facebook and Twitter.

Subscribe on YouTube for breaking Kings news videos and live-stream podcasts!

Published Nov 11, 2024
WILL ZIMMERLE

Will Zimmerle is a staff writer covering the Sacramento Kings.

Home
/
Sacramento Kings News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/kings/sacramento-kings-news/kings-clutch-duo-shines-127-118-overtime-win-vs-suns-01jcdrktztmp 
 ----- 
