Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Suns Ready to Bounce Back After OT Loss
The Phoenix Suns played their first game without Kevin Durant this season.
Donnie Druin | Nov 11, 2024
Nov 10, 2024; Phoenix, Arizona, USA; Phoenix Suns guard Devin Booker (1) reacts to the scoreboard during a time-out in the second half during a game against the Sacramento Kings at Footprint Center. Mandatory Credit: Allan Henry-Imagn Images / Allan Henry-Imagn Images
In this story:
Phoenix Suns

PHOENIX -- The Phoenix Suns fell in overtime fashion to the Sacramento Kings on Sunday, their first game after learning Suns forward Kevin Durant would miss at least two weeks with a strained calf.

Durant's been a key part for Phoenix's hot start to the season, and replacing one of the game's all-time great scorers was always going to be a tall task for Suns coach Mike Budenholzer.

“We'll have to go back and look at it. I'm sure there's a little bit of both of us learning how to play without Kevin (Durant) at the end of the game, another close game put us in the cooker pressure," Budenholzer told reporters following the game.

"I think we had some good possessions and I'm sure we'll look at some possessions and feel like we could have been better.”

The Suns led the entire fourth quarter before a Keegan Murray tip-shot pushed Sacramento ahead with just seconds remaining in action.

Phoenix - by way of a Devin Booker free throw - knotted the score up at 111-111 heading into overtime before being outscored 16-7 in the five minute overtime period.

"I think again, there's a lot of plays down the stretch, that it felt like we had a couple shots that we weren't able to make; we needed to make a couple more shots. We got a piece of the paint, we kicked it, and we weren't able to convert. We'll look at it and see if our spacing was good, if we played with the pass, played together, but credit them defensively too," Budenholzer continued.

"I think they show a crowd and then they spray out and contest and I think we didn't make enough shots just for the game. I think we're capable of shooting it at a higher clip and we didn't tonight. I think that's part of their defense, so we'll look at and try to see where we get better.”

Suns guard Bradley Beal maintained that positivity when asked if he liked Phoenix's shot selection.

“100%. (Devin Booker) was doing a good job of reading the double teams. We had a good open look at the end of the regulation. Got good looks in overtime, we just couldn’t hit them. We definitely love the quality of shots we were getting. I think Book had nine or ten assists. Ball was moving and bodies are moving. So, it was good, we just have to step up and knock them down.”

The Suns are on the road against the Utah Jazz on Tuesday, the first of a four-game road trip.

Published Nov 11, 2024
DONNIE DRUIN

Donnie Druin is the Publisher for All Cardinals and Inside The Suns. Donnie moved to Arizona in 2012 and has been with Fan Nation since 2018. In college he won "Best Sports Column" in the state of Arizona for his section and has previously provided coverage for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Arizona State Sun Devils. Follow Donnie on Twitter @DonnieDruin for more news, updates, analysis and more!

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/suns/news/phoenix-suns-ready-bounce-back-after-ot-loss-sacramento-kings 
 ----- 
