Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Angels News: Shohei Ohtani Clears Out Locker at Angel Stadium
This feels like the official end of his time with the Halos.
Noah Camras | Sep 16, 2023
Angels News: Shohei Ohtani Clears Out Locker at Angel Stadium /
In this story:
Los Angeles Angels

Shohei Ohtani has cleared out his locker at Angel Stadium. Following the team's embarrassing 11-2 loss to the Detroit Tigers at home, Jeff Fletcher of the Orange County Register reported that Ohtani's locker was cleared out.

Fletcher also reported that the Angels don't have any information to share on the situation, and won't have any until tomorrow.

Ohtani hasn't played since September 3 after suffering an oblique injury ahead of the team's game on September 4. He's also dealing with a torn UCL, and his agent, Nez Balelo, had said he would have to have a procedure at some point on his elbow.

However, Angels manager Phil Nevin continuously said Ohtani was day to day, and even made it sound like he wanted to return this season.

But now, Ohtani's locker is cleared out at Angel Stadium, signaling an end to his time with the Halos.

We'll continue to provide updates on this story when we know more, but right now, it's hard not to read between the lines.

With Ohtani set to hit free agency in a couple months, we may have officially seen his last game with the Angels.

Published Sep 16, 2023
NOAH CAMRAS

Noah graduated from USC in 2022 with a B.A. in Journalism and a minor in Sports Media Studies. He is the lead editor for Halos Today. He was born and raised in Los Angeles, and grew up a fan of all LA sports. 

Follow noahcamras

Home
/
Angels News
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/angels/news/angels-news-shohei-ohtani-clears-out-locker-at-angel-stadium-nc2000 
 ----- 
