Skip to Article
Set weather
Michigan
Subscribe
Sign in
TIGERS
How to Watch the Detroit Tigers vs. Los Angeles Angels - MLB (9/16/23) | Channel, Stream, Preview
Updated: Sep. 16, 2023, 9:28 a.m.|Published: Sep. 16, 2023, 9:28 a.m.

Detroit Tigers' Tyler Nevin, left, celebrates with Javier Baez, center, and Andy Ibanez after the Tigers defeat the Los Angeles Angels in a baseball game in Anaheim, Calif., Friday, Sept. 15, 2023. (AP Photo/Alex Gallardo)AP

By Tyler Kuehl | tkuehl@mlive.com

ANAHEIM, CA -- The middle matchup of the three-game weekend series between the Detroit Tigers and Los Angeles Angels is set for Saturday night.

Watch the Detroit Tigers on FuboTV (7-day free trial)
0:00
/
1:16
Keep Watching
Mike Tomlin Calls Out Steelers Offense Following Playoff Loss

A big eighth inning gave the Tigers plenty of insurance to ensure their second consecutive win. After already building a 4-0 lead, thanks to solo home runs from Javier Baez and Jake Rogers, Detroit exploded for seven runs in the top of the eighth, and cruised the rest of the way to a convincing 11-2 win.

Rogers and Baez were two of six Tigers to pick up two hits during the victorious series opener. They will look to take advantage of the depleted Angels’ lineup to win three straight games for the second time this month. They are still third in the American League Central, 1.5 games back of the Cleveland Guardians for second, but 9.5 behind the first-place Minnesota Twins.

The season of unfortunate events has pushed Los Angeles for this season to be over. With losses each of their last three, the Angels are 15 games out of first in the AL West.

The Bengals come into Saturday 11-15 against West division foes, while the Halos are 13-10 when facing teams from the Central.

PROBABLE STARTERS

DET: Sawyer Gipson-Long (1-0, 3.60 ERA)
LAA: Tyler Anderson (6-6, 5.36 ERA)

Check out more stories about the Detroit Tigers here on MLive

MLB Baseball

Detroit Tigers (68-79) vs. Los Angeles Angels (68-80)

When: Saturday, September 16

Time: 9:07 p.m. ET

Where: Anaheim Stadium (Anaheim, Calif.)

Channel: Bally Sports Detroit

RECOMMENDED•MLIVE.COM

Former Tigers utility infielder signs with AstrosJan. 7, 2025, 3:52 p.m.

How to watch the Toronto Raptors vs. Detroit Pistons - NBA (1/11/25) | Channel, stream, previewJan. 11, 2025, 11:19 a.m.

Stream: FuboTV (Free Trial), DirecTV Stream

Check out the MLB standings and results on MLB.com

Buy Tigers gear: Fanatics, Amazon, Lids
Buy Tigers tickets: StubHub, SeatGeek, Ticketmaster
Stream Tigers games live: FuboTV (Free Trial), DirecTV Stream

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Contact Us
Jobs at MLive
MLive Media Group
Our Team
Advertise with us
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
MLive.com
Newsletters
The Ann Arbor News
The Bay City Times
The Flint Journal
The Grand Rapids Press
Jackson Citizen Patriot
Kalamazoo Gazette
Muskegon Chronicle
The Saginaw News
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
MLive Sections
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
News
Business
Sports
Advice
High School Sports
Betting
Life
Opinion
Obituaries
Your Regional News Pages
Saginaw
Jackson
Kalamazoo
Muskegon
Ann Arbor
Bay City
Flint
Grand Rapids
Mobile
Mobile apps
More on MLive
Video
Weather
Post a job
Archives
Classifieds
Sell your car
Sell/Rent your home
Sponsor Content
Follow Us
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlive.com/tigers/2023/09/how-to-watch-the-detroit-tigers-vs-los-angeles-angels-mlb-91623-channel-stream-preview.html 
 ----- 
