Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Active Seniors
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
Tarik Skubal throws 7 dominant innings, Javier Baez drives in 4 in Tigers’ 11-2 victory over Angels
Detroit Tigers starting pitcher Tarik Skubal throws to a Los Angeles Angels batter during the first inning of a baseball game in Anaheim, Calif., Friday, Sept. 15, 2023. (AP Photo/Alex Gallardo)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
PUBLISHED: September 16, 2023 at 1:43 AM EDT

By Greg Beacham

ANAHEIM, Calif. — Tarik Skubal struck out nine over seven stellar innings of three-hit ball, and Javier Báez had a homer and a three-run double in the Detroit Tigers’ 11-2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night.

RELATED ARTICLES
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
Tigers projected to have mediocre 2025 season

Shohei Ohtani sat out his 11th consecutive game with an oblique muscle strain for Los Angeles, and the two-way superstar’s locker was mostly cleared out after the game. The Angels declined to say why nearly all of the free agent-to-be’s personal items and gear had been removed. or whether it is related to the fact Ohtani could need elbow surgery after tearing a ligament last month.

Jake Rogers also homered for the Tigers, who have won four of six. Spencer Torkelson and Kerry Carpenter drove in two runs apiece as Detroit opened its 10-game California trip with a blowout in a weekend series between two teams about to miss the playoffs for the ninth consecutive season — the longest active postseason droughts in the majors.

“That was about as good as it gets,” Rogers said. “A lot of hits. A lot of quick outs from Skub. Just really good baseball.”

Skubal (6-3) was dominant in his third straight victory, issuing no walks and retiring the Angels’ first nine hitters before Kyren Paris’ bunt single leading off the fourth.

“He had a great mindset, and he has a ton of confidence right now,” Detroit manager A.J. Hinch said. “He did a lot of good things.”

1 of 5

Los Angeles Angels starting pitcher Griffin Canning throws to a Detroit Tigers batter during the first inning of a baseball game in Anaheim, Calif., Friday, Sept. 15, 2023. (AP Photo/Alex Gallardo)

Skubal struck out the side in the sixth, and he finished the seventh after a mound visit from Detroit’s training staff when he accidentally gouged himself with his fingernail.

“It feels good knowing (Hinch) has a ton of confidence in me,” Skubal said. “I didn’t have a ton of long at-bats. The really good ones in this game do that, so that’s kind of the goal. … I love winning games like that. It’s good for momentum. It’s good for tomorrow.”

The Tigers scored a season-high seven runs in the eighth inning off reliever Jhonathan Diaz before Angels infielder Eduardo Escobar took over on the mound and got five consecutive outs.

David Fletcher and Jared Walsh both homered in their first games back in the major leagues for the Angels, who have lost three straight.

Báez connected in the fourth inning for his ninth homer of the season, his first since Aug. 19. The veteran catcher then cleared the bases in the eighth with a double down the left field line.

Griffin Canning (7-7) yielded four runs on eight hits over six innings in his third consecutive loss for the Angels. He is 1-5 since June 24.

Fletcher, a longtime starter in the Angels’ infield, has spent most of this season in the minors after apparently falling out of favor with the big league club. The Orange County native is back for the first time since July 8, and he celebrated with a solo shot off the left field pole for the Halos’ only run off Skubal.

Walsh, a former All-Star who struggled with neurological ailments this season and even went unclaimed on waivers, blasted a long homer in his first plate appearance since June 23 in the ninth inning.

“(Walsh) will play tomorrow, and I loved to see that swing tonight,” Angels manager Phil Nevin said. “Same with Fletch.”

UMPIRE SCRATCHED

The game was played without a third base umpire after crew chief Ron Kulpa was scratched shortly before first pitch.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Tigers: RHP Casey Mize (Tommy John surgery) is scheduled to throw a bullpen session Saturday in Anaheim. … OF Riley Greene (elbow) will see a specialist in California during Detroit’s road trip. … LHP Andrew Vasquez (calf) will make one more rehab appearance before likely rejoining the Tigers next week.

Angels: INF Luis Rengifo had surgery to repair his completely torn biceps tendon, Nevin said after the game. He is expected to be ready for spring training. … OF Mickey Moniak (back) and INF Mike Moustakas (forearm) went on the 10-day injured list. … Before the game, Anthony Rendon said his injury is a broken tibia, not a deep bone bruise. The $245 million third baseman hasn’t played since July 4.

UP NEXT

Los Angeles’ Tyler Anderson (6-6, 5.36 ERA) makes his first start since throwing an eight-inning gem last week against Cleveland. Sawyer Gipson-Long (1-0, 3.60) makes his second career start for Detroit after throwing five solid innings to beat the White Sox last weekend.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Bird flu outbreak reported at Hess-Hathaway Park in Waterford
Bird flu outbreak reported at Hess-Hathaway Park in Waterford
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
Arrest made in attempted home break-ins and other crimes in Rochester Hills area
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Holly Hotel trial set for February
NYC mom stabbed to death defending young daughter in brawl with 20 women
NYC mom stabbed to death defending young daughter in brawl with 20 women
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Opponents set: Here’s who the Detroit Lions will play in 2025
Opponents set: Here’s who the Detroit Lions will play in 2025
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2023
September
16
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place a Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Daily Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2023/09/16/tarik-skubal-throws-7-dominant-innings-javier-baez-drives-in-4-in-tigers-11-2-victory-over-angels/ 
 ----- 
