Sections
Show Search
ANGELS
Angels’ Anthony Rendon reveals he has been dealing with a tibia fracture
Angels third baseman Anthony Rendon tosses a ball during a game against the Texas Rangers in June. (Gareth Patterson / Associated Press)
By Sarah Valenzuela
Staff Writer
Follow
Sept. 15, 2023 Updated 9:18 PM PT
Share

Angels third baseman Anthony Rendon revealed Friday he was diagnosed with a tibia fracture last month after the team described the injury in July as a deep bone bruise.

In his first substantial comments to reporters in months, Rendon said he got a second opinion about his injury in August because he was still experiencing pain. He said he was diagnosed with the fracture during the Angels’ series against the Astros in Houston (Aug. 11-13).

Rendon was initially diagnosed with a deep bone bruise by four doctors, a person with knowledge of the situation but unauthorized to speak publicly said. Two of the doctors were picked by the Angels and another two by Rendon. A fifth doctor later diagnosed Rendon with a fracture.

ANGELS

Angels star Shohei Ohtani to miss the remainder of the season
Sept. 16, 2023

“I was still in pain,” Rendon said before the Angels’ 11-2 loss to the Detroit Tigers at Angel Stadium. “Kept reaching out to more doctors. Kept on asking questions. No one had an answer to why I was still in pain. Finally got more images on what it was.”

When asked about how long the Angels have known about Rendon’s tibia fracture, manager Phil Nevin said there are similarities between a deep bone contusion and a fracture.

“I’m not in the medical side of it,” Nevin prefaced, adding, “we talked about when he [got hurt], how bad the bone bruise was, that it’s similar to what even a fracture is. Bone bruise, fracture, either way, he’s unable to play right now. We’re trying to get him back to where he is.”

There are similarities between the two injury descriptions, said Dr. Alan Beyer, an orthopedic surgeon and executive medical director of the Hoag Orthopedic Institute.

Beyer is not Rendon’s physician and spoke to The Times as an expert on the injury.

“Either a stress fracture of the tibia or deep shin contusion, which are going to look the same on a bone scan or an MRI scan,” Beyer said. “It’s not like he had a traumatic tibia fracture, like getting hit by a truck. So, it’s really semantics.”

Regardless of the classification — bone bruise or fracture — the treatment remains the same.

DODGERS

Hernández: Despite his injuries, the Dodgers want to sign Shohei Ohtani and are his best option
Sept. 13, 2023

“Rest until it settles down and slowly get back to your pre-injury routine,” Beyer said.

Rendon has been on the injured list retroactive to July 11. He was injured when he fouled a pitch of his left shin against the San Diego Padres on July 4.

He returned to baseball activities a week ago, such as hitting off a tee. Rendon, who has been running lightly, also has been working out on a treadmill and an exercise bike, Nevin said.

“The encouraging part is he’s feeling a lot better,” Nevin said.

Rendon said he still feels some pain, though he is mindful about the risk of re-injury.

“Certain rehab movements, I definitely still do, but that’s why I’m progressing,” Rendon said. “But it’s to the point where I’m not hobbling. I can push through pain, but being smart about it, without making it a setback.”

ANGELS

Fallen Angels: What to watch for as the season wraps up
Sept. 10, 2023

Whether Rendon will play again before the end of the season — the Angels have 15 games left after Friday — remains to be seen. Rendon said he’s trying to return, but didn’t know if he’d play again this season.

“That’s what we’re working for,” he said.

Rendon has been limited to 43 games this season because of injuries, load management and a five-game suspension stemming from an incident he had with a fan immediately after the Angels’ season opener.

“Definitely frustrating,” Rendon said. “Just feel like we have the same conversation every few months.”

More to Read
Dodgers pitcher Anthony Banda wants to make clear how he broke his hand
Sept. 22, 2024
Dodgers reliever Anthony Banda breaks pitching hand with angry punch
Sept. 10, 2024
Alex Call’s single in the 10th lifts Nationals to walk-off win over Angels
Aug. 10, 2024
ANGELS
Sarah Valenzuela
X

Sarah Valenzuela is the former Angels beat writer for the Los Angeles Times. She previously worked at the New York Daily News, where she covered the New York Liberty and contributed to coverage of the New York Mets and New York Yankees. Before that, the Queens native was a freelancer with bylines in Thrillist and Self Magazine, worked as a production assistant with SNY-TV and MLB.com and briefly was a general assignment reporter for the Bronx Times. Valenzuela graduated from Syracuse University’s Newhouse School of Public Communications.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Have Padres, Diamondbacks given up trying to keep pace with Dodgers? They’ve stood pat so far
Dec. 13, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024

SPORTS

Dave Parker, Dick Allen are elected to baseball’s Hall of Fame
Dec. 8, 2024

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani to recoup $325,000 in baseball cards. Ex-interpreter still owes him $16 million
Dec. 3, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Firefighters gain ground on deadly L.A. wildfires, but more wind is on the way
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Latest Angels
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Want to buy spring training tickets for the Dodgers? They won’t be cheap
Nov. 18, 2024
Rays stadium drama and potential relocation could upend MLB’s expansion plans
Nov. 16, 2024
How to watch the Angels and Dodgers next year amid MLB’s uncertain TV future
Nov. 15, 2024
Infielder Kevin Newman agrees to one-year, $2.75-million deal with Angels
Nov. 14, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/angels/story/2023-09-15/anthony-rendon-angels-leg-fracture 
 ----- 
