    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 2024 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  Guatemala sink Golden Jaguars 3-1
SPORTS
Guatemala sink Golden Jaguars 3-1
October 12, 2024 0
Guyana’s Liam Gordon (right) battles for possession against Oscar Santis (PHOTO: News Room/Jeremy Jagroop/October 11, 2024)

A day before Guyana’s clash against Guatemala, Jamaal Shabazz, currently on his fourth installment as the team’s Head Coach, highlighted that finishing is a critical area that needs addressing.

It is safe to say it is still a concern.

Squandered chances meant Guyana could not walk away from the encounter with at least one point, as the clinical Central American opponent cosigned them to another defeat in their bruising League A campaign in the Concacaf Nations League.

After the final whistle on Friday evening at the National Track and Field Facility, West Coast Demerara, the score was 3-1 in favour of Guatemala.

The ascent to League A has been a rude awakening to the reality of capitalising on the fine margins against quality teams.

Both of Guyana’s home matches were 3-1 defeats, and the away match thus far was a 2-2 draw after leading 2-0.

There was an opportunity early in proceedings, but it needed top-tier brilliance to hit a corner.

Stephen Duke-Mckenna undertook a free kick from about 20 yards out, but it went wide in the 10th.

An errant tackle by Terence Vancooten allowed Alejandro Galindo to run unchallenged on the left wing, where he found a partner in Nathaniel Mendez, who assisted the roaming Oscar Santis to a right foot shot that evaded the diving Quillan Roberts in the 17th.

The second time was the charm for Duke-McKenna, as he scored an absolute pearl, curving it past the outstretched custodian to level the score in the 31st.

Fans celebrate Stephen Duke-Mckenna’s equalizer (PHOTO: News Room/Jeremy Jagroop/October 11, 2024)

Guyana launched a slew of offensive presses as Isaiah Jones took on the goalkeeper, but his shot was stopped.

Soon after, Nathan Moriah-Welsh looked to breach Nicholas Hagen’s defence, but yet again, there was no joy for the Guyanese as the score was equal at halftime.

On face value, Golden Jaguars looked out of ‘gas’ as the high-press intensity was diminishing and the Guatemalans ran rampant.

Óscar Castellanos scored in the 61’ to reclaim the lead for Los Chapines after a cross from Aaron Herrera on a fast break.

Santis secured his brace and rounded out the win for Guatemala in the 68’ assisted by Rubio Rubín.

After the match, Duke-McKenna acknowledged that finishing is still a sore point, noting they have to make chances count in matches of this caliber.

With the win, Guatemala climbs to the top of Group A with seven points.

Group A will resume on Tuesday, headlined by Costa Rica and Guatemala meeting with first place on the line.

Martinique will host Guadeloupe, while Guyana will visit Suriname in the other encounters.

Golden Jaguars Starting XI: Quillan Roberts (goalkeeper), Leo Lovell, Terence Vancooten, Jalen Jones, Nathan Moriah-Welsh, Stephen Duke-McKenna, Omari Glasgow, Liam Gordon, Ryan Hackett, Isaiah Jones, Colin Nelson (captain)

Guatemala Starting XI: Nicholas Hagen (goalkeeper), José Ardón, Aaron Herrera, Nicolás Samayoa, José Pinto (captain), Rubio Méndez, Nathaniel Mendez, Alejandro Galindo, Oscar Castellanos, Oscar Santis, Jonathan Franco

PHOTOS: https://www.facebook.com/newsroomgy/posts/pfbid0mzvD79qs1WGYVEq67eSR3jEweFGPaEAPToMUL5Xirs7gvsvFnnUkvXgmckXLoQ6l

Advertisement
_____
Previous article
$11.5B in contracts signed to upgrade hundreds of roads in Georgetown
Next article
Caribbean Airlines now flying between Guyana & Suriname
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
ENet’s continued support raising portfolio of Youth Basketball – YBG
Sports
Sammy to take over as West Indies’ all-format coach from April 2025
Sports
Jamaicans Tommi Gore and Senna Summerbell close to signing with Porsche for 2025 GT4 Championship
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
Nigel Hughes misleads on group of Warraus in Georgetown – State House official sets...
Editor - December 16, 2024
Teixeira: Murder of Toashao ‘requires some level of dignity from all of us’
Editor - December 16, 2024
Four arrested after police find illegal firearm, ammunition
Editor - December 16, 2024
Toshao Joseph last seen with ‘male Amerindian’; stabbed 19 times
Editor - December 16, 2024
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a  daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.7K other subscribers
Archives
October 2024
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2	3	4	5	6
7	8	9	10	11	12	13
14	15	16	17	18	19	20
21	22	23	24	25	26	27
28	29	30	31	 
« Sep   Nov »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2024/10/12/guatemala-sink-golden-jaguars-3-1/ 
 ----- 
