Cricket News
Match Prediction
Fantasy Tips
Series
IPL
IPL 2025
IPL 2024
IPL 2023
IPL 2022
IPL 2021
IPL 2020
IPL 2019
 
CRICKET NEWS
MATCH PREDICTION
FANTASY TIPS
SERIES
IPL
IPL 2025
WTC
2nd Test, Cape Town, January 03, 2025, 02:00 PM
SA
615/10(141.3ov)
PAK
194/10(54.2ov) & 213/1(49.0ov)

Day 3: Stumps - PAK trail by 208 runs.

SA 94%

Tie 5%

PAK 1%

Match 25, Brisbane, January 06, 2025, 01:45 PM
THU
7/0(1.3ov)
HEA

HEA opted to field.

HEA 52%

Tie 1%

THU 47%

Match 9, Christchurch, January 07, 2025, 06:40 AM
CTB
OV
1 Days to go

CTB 53%

Tie %

OV 47%

Home  Match Center
AFG VS SCO T20I
Super 12 - Match 17, Sharjah, October 25, 2021, 07:30 PM
Afghanistan
190/4(20.0ov)
Scotland
60/10(10.2ov)

Afghanistan beat Scotland by 130 runs

Summary
Score Card
Commentary
Graphs
Teams
Best Batsmen	R	B	4S	6S	SR
Najibullah Zadran	59	34	5	3	173.52
Best Bowler	O	R	W	Econ
Mujeeb Ur Rahman	4	20	5	5
Man of the Match	Mujeeb Ur Rahman
COMMENTRY
Right then, that is all we have from this game. The action in the T20 World Cup continues tomorrow as we have another double-header for you. West Indies will take on South Africa in the first match, followed by a spicy clash between Pakistan and New Zealand. The first match will start at 2 pm local time (10 am GMT). Do join us tomorrow for all the action. Till then, cheers!
The victorious skipper, Mohammad Nabi, of Afghanistan, is up for a chat. He says, this was their plan, to opt to bat and put on a big score. Praises the openers to get going off to a flyer. Adds, Mujeeb and Rashid Khan did what they do best, says it was a treat to watch. Mentions, in the nets there is no respect as the batters pick the bowlers all across the ball. On being asked about Mujeeb’s performance, he says, it was his first World Cup game and ended up being the Man of the Match what better could he have asked for.
Kyle Coetzer, the skipper of Scotland, says that it was clearly a bad day. Says they have played good cricket before but credit to Afghanistan on how they played. Says Mark Watt played really well for them. Feels that they fought hard but it was a level-check for them and they will hope to get better in the next game. Adds that they have belief among the players and as a group, they will keep moving forward as there is no time to sit back.
Mujeeb Ur Rahman is the PLAYER OF THE MATCH for his incredible spell of 4-0-20-5. He says this win is for the whole nation. Goes on to say, the people keep the side motivated. He is also glad to perform in his very first World Cup game. Adds that the supporters give positive energy and that gives the side the extra push.
... PRESENTATION ...
Earlier in the day, Mohammad Nabi won the toss and decided to bat first, with which his counterpart, Kyle Coetzer was pretty happy as well. Coetzer though would not have been happy at half-time as Afghanistan put on a staggering total of 190 runs on board. It was really the second half which was even more disappointing for Scotland as they got bundled out for 60 runs and went on to lose the match by 130 runs. A complete performance from Afghanistan with both the bat and ball and they will be very pleased with it. It's time now for the presentation ceremony...
When it rains, it pours. Well, it rained sixes early on for Afghanistan and then in the second innings wickets poured as well, that too at a rate of knots. The skipper, Mohammad Nabi didn't start off well with the ball but then Mujeeb Ur Rahman came back for his second over and picked up three wickets in that one. This over from Mujeeb Ur Rahman set the tone for things to come as Afghanistan piled on more misery on the Scottish batters. Naveen-ul-Haq picked up a wicket and then it was Rashid Khan who cleaned up the tail with a four-fer. Mujeeb Ur Rahman ended with 5/20, which is also the fifth-best bowling figure in T20 World Cup history. Afghanistan have put on a dominating show in their first match and if this is a sign of things to come, this 'so-called' weaker group will get very interesting.
Scotland started off on a high as George Munsey reversed everything to the boundary. The skipper, Kyle Coetzer was also positive but it just lasted for three overs. In the fourth over, the skipper fell victim to Mujeeb Ur Rahman and then the next two batters, Calum MacLeod and Richie Berrington followed suit in the same over. Matthew Cross fell in the next over for a duck as well and then, the only batter holding fort, Munsey was knocked over by Mujeeb Ur Rahman. This was the final nail in the coffin as Rashid Khan came in and sent the lower order packing. After a terrific performance in the previous stage of the tournament, Scotland have put on a seriously disappointing performance in their first Super 12 match.
The Scottish flame didn't burn too long as it was blown out early by Afghanistan and one person in particular, Mujeeb Ur Rahman. This is a thumping victory for Afghanistan and the scenes from the ground show how much this means to them. Scotland have been completely outplayed and outclassed today.
In over# 11 0W 0W	Rashid Khan 9/4(2.2)
10.2
W
OUT! TIMBER! Rashid Khan gets rid of Brad Wheal on a golden duck. Afghanistan have won the game by a huge margin. Floated, full and on off. Wheal looks to defend it out but misses. The ball goes through the gap between the bat and the pad. The ball shatters the stumps behind and it is lights out for Scotland. AFGHANISTAN WIN THE GAME BY 130 RUNS.
Brad Wheal is the last man in for Scotland.
Scotland have taken the review for an LBW decision. UltraEdge shows that there is no bat involved and Ball Tracker confirms that the ball is going onto hit the leg stump. Chris Greaves has to depart and Scotland lose the review.
10.1
W
OUT! LBW! Rashid Khan picks up his third wicket. Scotland are nine down now. This has been a brutal performance by the Afghan spinners. They did not let the batters breathe here. Loopy ball, around leg. Davey looks to play the reverse sweep but misses. He gets rapped on his pads. Khan appeals and the umpire raises his finger in a flash. Davey decides to use the review. The UltraEdge shows no bat is involved. The Ball Tracker shows three reds and Davey has to walk back to the dressing room.
DRINKS! Well, it's all but over for Scotland and the first half of this innings has completed belonged to one man, Mujeeb Ur Rahman. The Scottish batters have had no answer for the Afghan spin as Rashid Khan has picked up a couple of wickets as well. With just 2 wickets remaining, Afghanistan will be looking to end this one soon.
In over# 10 1 0 1 1wd 1 1wd 1 0	Karim Janat 6/0(1)
9.6
1
Drags the length back, on off. Davey pulls it to mid-wicket for one more. 131 needed in 60 balls.
9.5
.
A length ball, slanting on the pads. Davey misses his flick and gets hit on the pads.
9.4
1
Full and on off. Sharif hits it off the inner half to mid-wicket and takes a single.
TOP TEAMS
India National Cricket Team
Australia National Cricket Team
South Africa National Cricket Team
Pakistan National Cricket Team
New Zealand National Cricket Team
England Cricket Team
Sri Lanka National Cricket Team
Bangladesh National Cricket Team
Afghanistan National Cricket Team
West Indies Cricket Team
Zimbabwe National Cricket Team
Ireland Cricket Team
TOP PLAYERS
Virat Kohli
Rohit Sharma
Steve Smith
Kane Williamson
Joe Root
David Warner
Babar Azam
Pat Cummins
Jasprit Bumrah
Ravindra Jadeja
Kagiso Rabada
Ben Stokes
TOP SERIES
Indian Premier League
Big Bash League
Pakistan Super League
T10 League
Caribbean Premier League
Women’s Premier League
MORE
Today Match Prediction
Latest Cricket News
Fantasy Cricket Tips
Live Cricket Score
IPL 2024
About Cricadium

Copyright © 2024 Cricadium

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricadium.com/live-score/afg-vs-sco-t20i/204828/completed/ 
 ----- 
