SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
FA Cup minnows Maidstone United stuns Ipswich with 2-1 victory to move to the round of 16

Topic:
Sport

Sat 27 Jan
Saturday 27 January

Maidstone manager George Elokobi leads his team in celebration after their stunning victory over Ipswich Town. (Getty Images: Stephen Pond)

abc.net.au/news/fa-cup-maidstone-united-upset-ipswich/103398098
Link copied
Share article

Maidstone United manager George Elokobi could sum up the moment in only one way.

Key points:
Ipswich is ranked 98 places ahead of Maidstone United and was a clear favourite to win the game
Maidstone repelled 38 shots at goal and managed to convert its only two shots to win 2-1
The FA Cup minnows now look likely to face an EPL giant in the final 16 of the tournament

"The magic of the FA Cup is very much alive," Elokobi said.

His little team from the sixth tier of English soccer had just pulled off one of the most unlikely upsets the famous 153-year-old competition had seen in years.

Maidstone, of the National League South, became the lowest-ranked team to reach the fifth round — the last 16 — since 1978 by beating second-tier Championship side Ipswich 2-1 on Saturday.

And Elokobi's team did it on the road, in a game where Ipswich had 38 shots at goal compared with its two.

The difference was Maidstone converted both of those efforts to goals, first when Lamar Reynolds scored with a cheeky lob as he ran clear through on goal in the 43rd minute, and then when Sam Corne restored the visitors' lead in the 66th after Jeremy Sarmiento had equalised for Ipswich.

And so the storied history of the FA Cup, first played in 1871 and the oldest soccer tournament in the world, has another David v Goliath upset.

Ipswich, second in the second-tier Championship and pushing for promotion to the Premier League, sit 98 places above Maidstone in the English soccer pyramid.

Maidstone is the first team from outside the top five leagues to make the fifth round of the Cup since Blyth Spartans in 1978.

The hosts, without their Australian duo of Cam Burgess, on Asian Cup duty, and the recently injured Massimo Luongo, dominated the game but hit the woodwork twice in the first half and were repelled by Maidstone's Brazilian goalkeeper Lucas Covolan, who pulled off a string of saves in the final 20 minutes.

The 32-year-old Covolan played for Brazil under-20s, but has spent most of his senior career at semi-professional teams, and has spoken about battling depression in recent years.

Maidstone United's Riley Court celebrates the win after knocking off Ipswich in the FA Cup. (Getty Images: Joe Giddens/PA Images)

"It means so much, because my career the last few years, it wasn't very good," Covolan told the BBC.

"Now, all the bad parts of the career just comes in my head, and then we just produce this. Unreal."

It will mean a lot to Maidstone, too, a town of about 180,000 people in Kent, south-east of London.

More than 4,400 fans made the trip to Ipswich — more than can fit into the team's home stadium — and they were all still celebrating in the stands long after the final whistle.

In dramatic scenes during goal celebrations, one fan fell from the second tier of the stadium to the first after rolling down the roofing. There was no indication of whether the fan injured himself or others in the fall.

Maidstone fans will now get to see their team play in the FA Cup fifth round for the first time, and can dream about going up against one of the Premier League giants in the next round after Sunday's fifth-round draw.

"What we have achieved is something unbelievable," Covolan said.

"To be in the last 16 teams in England, it's brilliant. We kept fighting until the end, bodies on the line and everything."

Premier League teams win

In other fourth-round action on Saturday, Luton substitute Cauley Woodrow scored the winner deep into added time to beat Everton 2-1 at Goodison Park.

In another all-Premier League tie Joao Pedro scored a hat-trick as Brighton got the better of Sheffield United in a 5-2 win at Bramall Lane, while Leeds let Championship rivals Plymouth off the hook in a 1-1 draw at Elland Road.

Leicester turned on the style in the second half to beat Birmingham 3-0 with goals from Jamie Vardy, Yunus Akgun and Dennis Praet.

Goals from Sean Longstaff and Dan Burn gave Newcastle a 2-0 win over Fulham at Craven Cottage.

Referee flees pitch invasion

In other football news, a referee was forced to flee from the pitch in a match between Port Vale and Portsmouth after a fan stormed onto the field in anger.

Referee Craig Hicks was chased from the field by a Port Vale fan after awarding a penalty that saw Portsmouth go ahead in the League One match.

"We are appalled by the incident in today's League One fixture," an EFL statement read.

"Match officials should never feel threatened for their safety when playing a pivotal role in the staging of games in our competition.

"We will provide our full support to Craig and his team alongside Port Vale and the relevant authorities as they seek to bring this indivdual to justice."

ABC/wires

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Sat 27 Jan 2024 at 11:21pm
Saturday 27 Jan 2024 at 11:21pm
Related topics

England

England Soccer

Soccer

Sport

Top Stories
Australia wins MCG thriller after flurry of wickets in final session of Test

Topic:
Cricket

Photo shows Australia celebrates winning the MCG Test
Driver rescued from floodwaters as Queensland inundated

Topic:
Floods

Dominique Pelicot will not appeal 20-year sentence

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

Bangkok hotel fire kills three foreigners, authorities say

Topic:
Fires

Kyrgios, Djokovic enjoy winning doubles debut at Brisbane International

Topic:
Tennis

Just In
South Korean president orders emergency inspection of nation's airline system

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

1h ago
1 hours ago
Couple's drownings at treacherous WA beach prompt calls for education, signage

Topic:
Drownings

1h ago
1 hours ago
Dominique Pelicot will not appeal 20-year sentence

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

2h ago
2 hours ago
Driver rescued from floodwaters as Queensland inundated

Topic:
Floods

38m ago
38 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-01-28/fa-cup-maidstone-united-upset-ipswich/103398098 
 ----- 
