Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Blazers HC Chauncey Billups Calls Out Mavericks 'Cheap Shot' in Late Game Defeat
Dallas closed the game on a costly 16-0 run.
Alex Kirschenbaum | Jan 10, 2025
Jan 6, 2025; Detroit, Michigan, USA; Portland Trail Blazers head coach Chauncey Billups yells instructions to his team against the Detroit Pistons in the second quarter at Little Caesars Arena. Mandatory Credit: Lon Horwedel-Imagn Images / Lon Horwedel-Imagn Images
In this story:
Portland Trail Blazers

The Portland Trail Blazers seemed to have the shorthanded Dallas Mavericks' number on Thursday night at American Airlines Center.

At least, until late in the fourth quarter.

Dallas went on a game-saving 16-0 run to close out the contest, eventually surviving with a narrow 117-111 win.

Per Aaron Fentress of The Oregonian, head coach Chauncey Billups and starting forward Toumani Camara were both frustrated late when Camara was not rewarded with foul shots after getting hip-checked by starting Mavericks center Dereck Lively II.

Camara, all 6-foot-7 of him, was defending the 7-foot-1 Lively in the post. Camara contested a look from Lively, but Lively knocked him down, hitting him with his hip.

More Trail Blazers: Blazers Big Man Could Be Realistic Trade Target for Lakers

“I felt like dude hit him with a cheap shot,” Billups remarked postgame. “Whether it was cheap or not, I just thought he got fouled, to be honest.”

Following the contact, Camara sat on the floor, glaring critical at game officials.

“Tou, he’s never really demonstrative like that,” Billups said. “But when he is, you know that there’s something behind it.”

Camara, now Portland's best defender, was sicced onto Lively all night. There wasn't always much he could do to stop the springy young big man, selected with the No. 12 overall pick in the 2023 NBA Draft.

More Trail Blazers: Blockbuster Trail Blazers Trade Proposal Sees Champion Forward Moved to Portland

Earlier in the game, Camara had been ably drawing charges from opposing players. This time, Billups, thought, he was unjustly punished.

Lively finished with a 21-point, 16-rebound double-double, on 9-of-13 shooting from the field and 3-of-3 shooting from the charity stripe. Starting power forward PJ Washington paced Dallas with 23 points on 5-of-13 shooting from the floor (2-of-5 from beyond the arc) and 11-of-11 shooting from the foul line, plus 14 rebounds of his own, three steals, a block and a dime.

Camara, meanwhile, with his energy clearly taxed by his defensive assignment, finished 11 points on 4-of-14 shooting from the floor (3-of-8 from long range), two rebounds, an assist and a steal.

More Trail Blazers:

Robert Williams III Reveals 'Sadness' Upon Learning of Trade to Blazers

Blazers Star Won't Request Trade Despite 'Mental Battle' of Tough Portland Season

For all the latest Portland Trail Blazers news, be sure to tune in to Portland Trail Blazers On SI.

Published Jan 10, 2025
ALEX KIRSCHENBAUM

Clyde, Rick Barry, and Pistol Pete Now these players, could never be beat.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/trailblazers/news/blazers-hc-chauncey-billups-calls-out-mavericks-cheap-shot-in-late-game-defeat-ak1987 
 ----- 
