Home > Entertainment
How to watch Portland Trail Blazers vs. Dallas Mavericks online
Watch the Trail Blazers take on the Mavericks.
By Trisha Easto  on January 9, 2025
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on Flipboard
All products featured here are independently selected by our editors and writers. If you buy something through links on our site, Mashable may earn an affiliate commission.
Credit: Sam Hodde/Getty Images

TL;DR: Live stream Portland Trail Blazers vs. Dallas Mavericks in the NBA with FuboTV, Sling TV, or YouTube TV.

The Portland Trail Blazers head to the American Airlines Center to face the Dallas Mavericks in a Western Conference matchup. The Blazers are 13-23, which puts them in 13th place. The Mavs are 21-16, which puts them in fifth place.

The Mavs have lost four of their last five games, but are coming off a win over the Los Angeles Lakers. The Trail Blazers have lost three of their last five games, but are coming off a win over the New Orleans Pelicans.

When is Portland Trail Blazers vs. Dallas Mavericks?

Portland Trail Blazers vs. Dallas Mavericks in the NBA starts at 8:30 p.m. ET on Jan. 9. This game takes place at American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas.

How to watch Portland Trail Blazers vs. Dallas Mavericks

You need to choose a streaming service to watch the NBA without cable or satellite TV. We've found some of the best streaming services to consider for the Trail Blazers vs. Mavericks basketball game.

Best for single game: FuboTV
Credit: Fubo TV
FuboTV Pro plan
Get Deal

FuboTV offers you more than 250 channels of live TV and the option to watch on 10 screens at once. You can try FuboTV with a seven-day free trial period. 

FuboTV’s sports channel offerings include ABC, ACC Network, Big Ten Network, CBS, CBS Sports Network, ESPN, ESPN2, ESPNews, FOX, FS1, FS2, Golf Network, Marquee Sports Network, Monumental Sports, NBC, NFL Network, and SEC Network. 

Mashable Top Stories
Stay connected with the hottest stories of the day and the latest entertainment news.
Sign up for Mashable's Top Stories newsletter
Sign Me Up
By clicking Sign Me Up, you confirm you are 16+ and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Most live sports: YouTube TV
Credit: YouTube TV
YouTube TV
$49.99/month for your first two months (save $46)
Get Deal

YouTube TV's base plan is $49.99 per month for two months for new subscribers ($72.99 per month regularly). The base plan includes over 100 live TV channels, including ABC, CBS, FOX, NBC, ESPN, Fox Sports 1, and NBA TV.

Most affordable: Sling TV
Credit: Sling TV
Sling Orange Plan
Get Deal

Sling TV suggests the streamer's Orange Plan for the game, which costs $20 for the first month and $40 monthly after that.

Sling TV’s sports channels feature ABC, ACC Network, Big Ten Network, ESPN, ESPN2, ESPN3, ESPNews, ESPNU, FOX, FS1, FS2, NBA TV, NBC, NFL Network, and SEC Network.

How to watch Trail Blazers vs. Mavs from anywhere in the world

If you're traveling outside of the U.S. during this game, you might need to use a VPN to unblock this live stream. VPNs can hide your real IP address (digital location) and connect you to a secure server, meaning you can unblock live streams of the NBA from anywhere in the world.

Live stream Portland Trail Blazers vs. Dallas Mavericks for free by following these simple steps:

Subscribe to a streaming-friendly VPN (like ExpressVPN)

Download the app to your device of choice (the best VPNs have apps for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Linux, and more)

Open up the app and connect to a server in the U.S.

Sign in to your favorite streaming app

Watch Portland Trail Blazers vs. Dallas Mavericks from anywhere in the world

Credit: ExpressVPN
ExpressVPN (1-Year Subscription + 3 Months Free)
$99.95 only at ExpressVPN (with money-back guarantee)
Get Deal

The best VPNs for streaming are not free, but leading VPNs do tend to offer free-trial periods or money-back guarantees. By leveraging these offers, you can gain access to live streams of the NBA without actually spending anything. This obviously isn't a long-term solution, but it does give you enough time to live stream Portland Trail Blazers vs. Dallas Mavericks before recovering your investment.

What is the best VPN for the NBA?

ExpressVPN is the best choice for bypassing geo-restrictions to stream live sport, for a number of reasons:

Servers in 105 countries

Easy-to-use app available on all major devices including iPhone, Android, Windows, Mac, and more

Strict no-logging policy so your data is secure

Fast connection speeds free from throttling

Up to eight simultaneous connections

30-day money-back guarantee

A one-year subscription to ExpressVPN is on sale for $99.95 and includes an extra three months for free — 49% off for a limited time. This plan includes a year of free unlimited cloud backup and a generous 30-day money-back guarantee.

Live stream Portland Trail Blazers vs. Dallas Mavericks in the NBA with ExpressVPN.

Topics Streaming Sports How to Watch

Recommended For You
How to watch Philadelphia 76ers vs. Portland Trail Blazers online
Watch the 76ers take on the Trail Blazers.
12/30/2024
By Trisha Easto
How to watch Portland Trail Blazers vs. Los Angeles Lakers online
Watch the Trail Blazers take on the Lakers.
01/02/2025
By Trisha Easto
How to watch Miami Heat vs. Portland Trail Blazers online
Watch the Heat take on the Trailblazers.
01/11/2025
By Trisha Easto
How to live stream the Dallas Mavericks in 2025
Jumping on the Mavs bandwagon? Here's how to stream the Dallas Mavericks.
01/10/2025
By Trisha Easto
How to watch Los Angeles Clippers vs. Dallas Mavericks online
Watch the Clippers take on the Mavericks.
12/19/2024
By Trisha Easto
Trending on Mashable
NYT Connections hints today: Clues, answers for January 12, 2025
Everything you need to solve 'Connections' #581.
5 hours ago
By Mashable Team
NYT Connections hints today: Clues, answers for January 11, 2025
Everything you need to solve 'Connections' #580.
01/11/2025
By Mashable Team
Scientists just excavated an unprecedented specimen from Antarctica
"A historic moment."
21 hours ago
By Mark Kaufman
Wordle today: Answer, hints for January 12, 2025
Here are some tips and tricks to help you find the answer to "Wordle" #1303.
4 hours ago
By Mashable Team
'Silo' Season 2, episode 9: What is the safeguard?
This doesn't sound good.
01/10/2025
By Sam Haysom
The biggest stories of the day delivered to your inbox.
Subscribe
These newsletters may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. By clicking Subscribe, you confirm you are 16+ and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
TECH
SCIENCE
GAMES
SOCIAL GOOD
DEALS
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFE
SHOP THE BEST
REVIEWS
EVENTS
VIDEOS
About Mashable
Editorial Standards
Contact Us
We're Hiring
Newsletters
Sitemap
©2005–2025 Mashable, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All Rights Reserved.
Mashable is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without express written permission.
About Ziff Davis
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Advertise
Accessibility
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
AdChoices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://mashable.com/article/portland-trailblazers-dallas-mavericks-nba-2025-live-stream 
 ----- 
