Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Milwaukee Brewers Become Latest Team to Clinch Division Title in National League
The Milwaukee Brewers have won the National League Central, even despite losing to the St. Louis Cardinals.
Brady Farkas | Sep 27, 2023
Milwaukee Brewers Become Latest Team to Clinch Division Title in National League /
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers

The National League playoff field became more clear on Tuesday night as the Milwaukee Brewers officially wrapped up the National League Central title.

Despite losing to the St. Louis Cardinals, the Brewers won the National League Central. It's their second division title in the last three years.

Milwaukee is 88-69 and still has an excellent chance to eclipse the magical 90-win threshold. It's a great accomplishment for Milwaukee, who dealt with a number of injuries to the starting rotation this year. They lost Brandon Woodruff for most of the season, and Adrian Houser and Wade Miley at various points. 

Woodruff is back now and forms a very formidable 1-2 in the playoffs with former Cy Young winner Corbin Burnes.

Milwaukee also enters the playoffs with one of the best back-ends of the bullpen in the National League, anchored by All-Star closer Devin Williams.

Offensively, Milwaukee is led by Christian Yelich, who's hitting .275, but they've also gotten great contributions from veteran Carlos Santana and veteran Mark Canha, who were both acquired at the trade deadline.

Youngster Sal Frelick, called up in the second half of the season, also contributes and is hitting .257.

The Brewers are going to finish in the No. 3 spot in the National League playoff picture, behind the Braves and Dodgers, who will receive first-round byes. That means that Milwaukee will host a best-of-three wild card series in the first round.

The opponent is TBD but could be any of the Arizona Diamondbacks, Chicago Cubs, Miami Marlins or Cincinnati Reds.

The Brewers will play the Cardinals again on Wednesday night.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Published Sep 27, 2023
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/milwaukee-brewers-become-latest-team-to-clinch-division-title-in-national-league-by-winning-national-league-central 
 ----- 
