Honest • Unbiased • Apolitical
Your Connection to the Diamond!

Write for Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
MLB 
 
AL East 
 
AL Central 
 
AL West 
 
NL East 
 
NL Central 
 
NL West 
Major League Baseball  /  National League  /  NL East  /  Philadelphia Phillies
Phillies Win First NL East Division Crown in 13 Years
By Mike Hennelly
Photo by Tim Nwachukwu/Getty Images
Category Philadelphia Phillies
September 23, 2024

The Philadelphia Phillies defeated the Chicago Cubs 6–2 on Monday night to earn their first division crown in 13 years. The Phillies are National League East champions for the first time since 2011.

Sign up for free Sport Relay Notifications

Phillies starter Aaron Nola took the mound in what seems like a normal situation when it comes to clinching scenarios. Nola was on the mound for the Phillies the previous two seasons in the playoff-clinching games. This time, the right-hander tossed a gem to secure the Phillies the division crown in front of the home crowd at Citizens Bank Park. He pitched six innings, struck out seven batters and had two earned runs charged to his line.

Phillies star catcher J.T. Realmuto threw a perfect strike to second base to catch Mike Tauchman attempting to steal the bag in the top of the first. Phillies right fielder Nick Castellanos made a terrific sliding grab to record the final out in the top of the second. With a runner on first base in the bottom of the second inning, Realmuto crushed a 421-foot home run to give the Phillies an early 2–0 lead. Kyle Schwarber joined the party with a 412-foot home run of his own to lead off the bottom of the third. This was Schwarber’s team-leading 37th home run and 100th RBI of the season. Castellanos hit an RBI single four batters later to put the Phillies up 4≠0.

Looking Back on the Last Time Phillies Earned Division Crown

The Phillies last won the NL East in 2011 after a franchise record 102-win season. That was the fifth straight year the Phillies had finished first in the division between 2007-11. The Phillies had created their own mini-dynasty at the time with the beloved Charlie Manuel at the helm.

It was a time when some of the most iconic players to ever put on the red pinstripes called Philadelphia home. Phillies legends Chase Utley, Ryan Howard, Jimmy Rollins, Carlos Ruiz, Cole Hamels and Shane Victorino forever hold a special place in the City of Brotherly Love for the success they were able to accomplish. Pat Burrell, Jayson Werth, Jamie Moyer, Brad Lidge, Raúl Ibañez, Cliff Lee, Roy Halladay and Hunter Pence are also notable names that contributed to the Phillies’ success during those years. That five-year dominant core group made up arguably the best teams in the organization’s 141-year history.

Phillies Look to Make History of Their Own

The Phillies are in the postseason for the third consecutive season. Bryce Harper and the rest of the team fell short of a World Series championship in 2022. They made it to Game 7 of the NLCS in 2023, but couldn’t finish off the Arizona Diamondbacks.

This year’s team has the highest expectations since the 2011 team. The Phillies are atop Major League Baseball’s standings with the Los Angeles Dodgers. Rob Thomson’s team has five games remaining in the regular season. They’ll try to lock up a first-round bye in the postseason. His club should have their eyes set on the No. 1 seed to ensure home-field advantage throughout the postseason. It’s the World Series or bust for the Phillies in 2024.

More Philadelphia Phillies Articles
Article navigation
← NLDS: Mets Take Game 3, Series Lead from Phillies
More MLB Articles
Post navigation
← Reds Fire Manager David Bell with Five Games Remaining
Ronald Acuña Jr. and Luisangel Acuña Face off →
 

 

Main Photo:

Embed from Getty Images

Category Philadelphia Phillies
Tags 2024 MLB Playoffs 2024 MLB Season 2024 Philadelphia Phillies Aaron Nola Bryce Harper J.T. Realmuto Kyle Schwarber Nick Castellanos
Share "Phillies Win First NL East Division Crown in 13 Years" on social media:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
WhatsApp
Email
More Philadelphia Phillies News
NLDS: Phillies Walk Off Mets in Wild Game Two, Eve
Philadelphia Phillies
NLDS: Five-run Eighth Propels Mets to Comeback Win
Philadelphia Phillies
NLDS: Lindor Slams Mets Past Phillies into first N
Philadelphia Phillies
NLDS: Mets Take Game 3, Series Lead from Phillies
Philadelphia Phillies
NLDS: Phillies Walk Off Mets in Wild Game Two, Eve
Philadelphia Phillies
NLDS: Five-run Eighth Propels Mets to Comeback Win
Philadelphia Phillies
NLDS: Lindor Slams Mets Past Phillies into first N
Philadelphia Phillies
NLDS: Mets Take Game 3, Series Lead from Phillies
Philadelphia Phillies
Mike Hennelly

Mike Hennelly is a 2024 graduate of The Pennsylvania State University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in digital and print journalism and a minor in sports studies. He's a lifelong Phillies fan as well as a baseball fanatic in all aspects.

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 
Trending Now
Follow Sport Relay on Social Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Medium
Twitter
X
Feed
Join the Discussion
Nate Graham on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Robb Darden on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Mike Hennelly Jr on Phillies Acquire Tanner Banks from the White Sox
LILIA Zulema GARCIA on Padres Acquire All-Star Closer Tanner Scott From Marlins
Rohit Ancha on Orioles Get Back on Track Against Rangers
Breaking News
Padres Avoid Arbitration with Several Players
Jarred Kelenic, Braves Agree to One-Year Contract
The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
Braves Free Agent Targets After Prolonged Drought
Rangers Trade Owen White to Reds
In Case You Missed It
January 2025
December 2024
November 2024
October 2024
MLB Home
About
Contact
Resources
Newsroom Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Write for Us
Writer Directory
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Scoreless Outings & Goose Eggs
© 2022 - 2025 SportRelay.com
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportrelay.com/mlb/2024/09/23/phillies-win-first-nl-east-division-crown-in-13-years/ 
 ----- 
