

Front Page
Taiwan News
Business
Editorial & Opinion
Sports
World News
Features
Bilingual Pages
Search
Home Sports
Sat, Sep 07, 2024 page7
China hit ‘rock bottom’ after 7-0 Japan thrashing
RECORD DEFEAT: The Shanghai-based ‘Oriental Sports Daily’ said the drubbing was so disastrous, and taste so bitter, that all that is left is ‘numbness’
AFP and Reuters, Beijing
 
 

Chinese soccer fans and media rounded on the national team yesterday after they experienced fresh humiliation in a 7-0 thrashing to rivals Japan in their opening Group C match in the third phase of Asian qualifying for the 2026 World Cup.

The humiliation in Saitama on Thursday against Asia’s top-ranked team was China’s worst defeat in World Cup qualifying and only a goal short of their record 8-0 loss to Brazil in 2012.

Chinese President Xi Jinping once said he wanted China to host and even win the World Cup one day, but that ambition looked further away than ever after a chastening evening at Saitama Stadium.

Chinese players react after losing their FIFA World Cup Asian qualifier third-round match against Japan 7-0 at Saitama Stadium in Japan on Thursday.

Photo: EPA-EFE

China had only squeezed into the decisive third round of qualifying for the 2026 World Cup thanks to a superior head-to-head record over Thailand.

They are still alive in the group despite the desperate start, but Oriental Sports Daily said it was China’s heaviest World Cup qualifying defeat.

“When the taste of bitterness reaches its extreme, all that is left is numbness,” it said.

Japanese players celebrate in front of their supporters after Daizen Maeda scored their team’s sixth goal in a 7-0 thrashing of China at Saitama Stadium in Japan on Thursday.

Photo: Reuters

The paper in Shanghai said that Chinese soccer had hit “rock-bottom” and called it a “disastrous defeat.”

It partly pointed the finger at China’s Croatian boss Branko Ivankovic, calling his “incompetence... a contributing factor to this crushing defeat.”

Ivankovic, who guided Oman to a shock 1-0 win over Japan in their first game of the final round of qualifiers for Qatar 2022, but had no hope of repeating the feat as the world number 24 hosts ran riot at Saitama Stadium, said in comments published by Xinhua news agency: “It was a tough match, and as a coach, this was the most difficult night for me.”

The hammering in Saitama was hotly discussed on Chinese social media platform Weibo, with the hashtag “National team loses to Japan 0-7” viewed 480 million times as of Friday morning.

“We still don’t know what the Japanese goalkeeper looks like after a 90-minute game,” one user said.

Another went as far as to call for the team to be “disbanded.”

“There is no point in spending the most money on this useless project,” the user added.

Writing on Weibo, former national team player Fan Zhiyi — who featured at the 2002 World Cup — said: “When there’s a gap in ability and you lose, it’s acceptable. What’s hard for football fans to accept is losing like this.”

“If it weren’t far from here, I would have really jumped into the Huangpu River,” Fan said, referring to Shanghai’s main waterway, in a widely circulated video.

China qualified for the World Cup only once in 2002, when they lost all three of their matches by a combined nine goals in the tournament co-hosted by Japan and South Korea.

Fans and the nation’s leaders have long bemoaned the team’s failure to return to the global showpiece.

Ivankovic’s predecessor Aleksandar Jankovic was sacked in February after failing to guide China into the knockout stage of the Asian Cup in Qatar.

Fans have long blamed corruption in China’s soccer governance for the team’s underperformance.

A string of senior officials in the Chinese Football Association have been jailed this year for taking bribes, including former vice president Li Yuyi, Chinese state media reported last month.

China will attempt to get their campaign back on track when they host Saudi Arabia on Tuesday.

Elsewhere in Group C, Australia fell to a shock 1-0 loss to Bahrain at home on Thursday. Despite losing all six previous games against Australia, Bahrain won thanks to an own goal from Harry Souttar with a minute remaining on the Gold Coast.

Abdulla Al-Khalasi’s cross from the left side of the area hit the defender and flew past goalkeeper Mat Ryan.

Australia dominated the game, but were reduced to 10 players when Kusini Yengi was red-carded after 77 minutes for a reckless tackle.

Bahrain are second in the group behind Japan.

Elsewhere in the competition, South Korea drew 0-0 with Palestine in their opening match of Group B.

South Korea coach Hong Myung-bo said he understood why fans booed him before, during and after his team’s 0-0 draw with Palestine in their opening match of Group B.

Thursday’s match was Hong’s first in charge since he replaced Jurgen Klinsmann as coach in early July and the unpopularity of that decision was clear when he was jeered by a crowd of 60,000 at Seoul’s World Cup Stadium before kickoff.

The boos continued every time Hong was shown on the big screen as the South Korea team, captained by Son Heung-min, failed to break down the Palestinians and were perhaps fortunate not to have conceded a goal.

“I understand where the fans come from. This is something I will have to endure going forward,” Hong said of the jeering, Yonhap New Agency reported.

South Korea have qualified for the last 10 editions of the World Cup finals and many fans had been hoping for the appointment of a new foreign coach of the caliber of Guus Hiddink, who led the Taeguk Warriors to the semi-finals in 2002.

Hong, the captain of that 2002 team and one of the standout players of the whole tournament, still has time to turn the qualifying campaign around, starting with the second Group B fixture against Oman in Muscat on Tuesday.

Most Popular
1
What is ‘neijuan,’ and why is China worried about it?
2
Taiwan a major world issue: Trump
3
Russia just lost its great-power status
4
Super Micro to build Green Computing center in Taiwan
5
Obituary: The ‘snake man’ who educated thousands about Taiwan’s natural wonders
You might also like
Taiwan’s weightlifting granny garners cheers
2024-12-23

Cheng Chen Chin-mei on Saturday beamed broadly as she hoisted a 35kg weightlifting bar to her waist, dropped it and waved confidently to the enthusiastic crowd in a competition in Taipei. Cheng Chen, 90, has been pumping iron since last year, encouraged by her granddaughter to take up the sport after she was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease. She credits the regimen with helping to fix her posture. Three generations of her family were among a couple of hundred people watching Cheng Chen and 44 others aged 70 or older in the weightlifting competition. In the three-round event, Cheng Chen lifted as much as

By Angie Teo and Ann Wang
Two killed in Sydney to Hobart race
2024-12-28

‘BOWLINE’ AND ‘ARCTOS’: Roy Quaden was hit on the head by a boom, while Nick Smith was struck by the main sheet and thrown across the boat amid rough seas Two sailors have been killed in separate incidents in the treacherous Sydney Hobart Yacht Race, officials said yesterday, as a string of yachts retired in powerful winds and high seas. One of the crew members, 55-year-old Roy Quaden on Flying Fish Arctos, was hit on the head by a boom as the fleet raced down the New South Wales coast, race organizers said. The other man, 65-year-old Nick Smith, was struck by the main sheet aboard Bowline and thrown across the boat, said David Jacobs, vice commodore of the Cruising Yacht Club of Australia. “Unfortunately, he hit his head on the winch, and

Novak Djokovic eyes more Grand Slam glory
2024-12-26

Novak Djokovic is confident he can still win Grand Slams, starting at the Australian Open, with the Serbian launching his bid for an unprecedented 11th title and record 25th major crown in Brisbane, Australia. Top-ranked Aryna Sabalenka, who is gunning for a third Melbourne Park trophy, joins him at the Queensland Tennis Centre from Sunday to Jan. 5 in a stellar women’s field. The next season gets under way tomorrow with the mixed-teams United Cup in Perth and Sydney, headlined by world No. 2 Iga Swiatek in her first tournament since revelations that she served a one-month doping suspension. It

Liverpool power 7 points clear at top of the table
2024-12-28

Liverpool on Thursday powered seven points clear at the top of the Premier League as the title favorites survived a scare in their 3-1 win against Leicester City, while Bruno Fernandes was sent off in Manchester United’s dismal 2-0 defeat against Wolverhampton Wanderers. Erling Haaland missed a penalty as crisis-torn Manchester City failed to end their dismal run with a 1-1 draw against Everton, but it was United’s travails and Liverpool’s remarkable run that took center-stage. Arne Slot’s side were shocked by Jordan Ayew’s early strike at Anfield, but the leaders recovered their composure to equalize just before the interval through Cody

Front Page
Taiwan News
Business
Editorial & Opinion
Sports
World News
Features
Bilingual Pages
About Us
Employment
Contact Us
 RSS
Copyright © 1999-2024 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.taipeitimes.com/News/sport/archives/2024/09/07/2003823395 
 ----- 
