   
Sign in
    
ARTS / CULTURE & LEISURE
China’s national soccer team suffer 0:7 defeat in away game against Japan
By Global Times
Published: Sep 05, 2024 11:48 PM
    

Photo: VCG

The Chinese national soccer team lost 0-7 to Japan on Thursday in the first match of the third round of the 2026 World Cup Asian qualifiers. 

This defeat reportedly set three unfortunate records for Chinese soccer team: their biggest-ever loss to Japan, the most goals conceded in a single World Cup qualifying match, and their biggest defeat in World Cup qualifying history.

The last time the Chinese team defeated Japan was during the 1998 Dynasty Cup semifinals when they won 2-0. Since then, China has gone 14 matches without a victory against Japan in all competitions, with eight losses and six draws. 

On social media, such a defeat has sparked torrents of criticism and dismay, and even satire from Chinese fans.

Li Boqing, a traditional storyteller, offered a pointed remark: "If we had forfeited the match and lost 0-3 by default, we could have saved travel expenses and invested in youth training instead, while also preserving a better goal difference. In World Cup qualifiers, sometimes a single goal difference can determine whether a team advances."

Sports commentator Zhan Jun also expressed his dismay on social media, calling the second-half collapse and the overall performance unacceptable. He pointed out that the coaching team seemed to lack a detailed study of Japan's attack tactics and did not make effective adjustments.

"It appeared that the players were unprepared, and the coach failed to convey his strategy through substitutions. Hopefully, the coaching team will learn from this, and the Chinese team can return home and rebound with a stronger performance in the second round," he stated.



    
RELATED ARTICLES
Young players key to China's campaign in World Cup Asian qualifiers

The third-round draw of the FIFA 2026 World Cup Asian qualifiers have placed China in Group C alongside ...

How Chinese badminton team fueled Olympic hopes with Cup wins

The Chinese badminton team's triumph at the Thomas and Uber Cup finals on Sunday in Chengdu, Southwest China's ...

Chinese divers sweep golds

Chinese divers swept all four gold medals on offer on Sunday during the first stop of the 2024 ...

MOST VIEWED
1	China launches world’s first electromagnetic catapult-equipped amphibious assault ship Type 076
2	China’s domestically developed 600kg thrust-class high-end turbofan engine for drones completes successful ignition
3	China sanctions 7 US military companies and relevant senior executives over recent military assistance and arms sale to Taiwan region
4	China launches safeguard investigation into imported beef: MOFCOM
5	China-Kyrgyzstan-Uzbekistan railway project strategic decision for regional connectivity, prosperity: Xi
6	China sanctions 7 US military companies and relevant executives over arms sales to Taiwan region
CHINA
Politics
Society
Diplomacy
Military
Science
Odd
China Graphic
SOURCE
GT Voice
Insight
Economy
Comments
Company
B&R Initiative
Biz Graphic
OPINION
Editorial
Observer
Global Minds
Asian Review
Top Talk
Viewpoint
Columnists
Cartoon
LIFE
Cultural Influencer
Attitudes
Culture
Entertainment
Travel
VISUAL NEWS
HU SAYS
Video
Graphics
Gallery
Specials
MISCELLANEOUS
In-Depth
World
Sport
Newsletter
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Advertisement
Terms of Service
Copyright © 2020 Global Times All Right Reserved
违法和不良信息举报电话：010-65363263   举报邮箱：jubao@people.cn   京ICP备11001615号-7
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.globaltimes.cn/page/202409/1319331.shtml 
 ----- 
