UAE's Meiyappan takes only fifth-ever hat-trick at a T20 World Cup
18 Oct 2022
UAE's Karthik Meiyappan celebrates his hat-trick during their Twenty20 World Cup match against Sri Lanka at Kardinia Park in Geelong on Tuesday. AFP

Karthik Meiyappan of the United Arab Emirates took the first hat-trick of the Twenty20 World Cup in Australia on Tuesday and only the fifth ever in the history of the tournament.

Asian champions Sri Lanka were motoring at 117-2 in the first-round clash at Geelong when the leg-break bowler struck in the 15th over, removing Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Charith Asalanka and skipper Dasun Shanaka in successive balls.

Rajapaksa was caught in the deep, Asalanka caught behind and Shanaka clean-bowled.

"It's a great feeling and it really hasn't sunk in yet," said the 22-year-old Meiyappan, who ended with figures of 3-19 off his four overs as Sri Lanka made 152-8.

"I was trying to take the ball away from the leftie (Rajapaksa), I was lucky that he sliced it to deep cover. Asalanka, it was easy for me to bowl a wrong'un, and he nicked it.

"But Shanaka, that was a special ball, to get it through bat and pad. That was the biggest one."

Meiyappan became just the fifth bowler to snare a hat-trick at a T20 World Cup after Australia's Brett Lee (2007), Irishman Curtis Campher, Sri Lanka's Wanindu Hasaranga and South Africa's Kagiso Rabada, who all achieved the feat in 2021.

After being put into bat, Sri Lanka made a strong start, reaching 42 before Kusal Mendis was trapped lbw by Aryan Lakra on 18.

Nissanka was joined by Dhananjaya de Silva and with the trumpets blowing from the Sri Lankan fans, they both crunched big sixes.

But their 50-run partnership came to an end with an amateurish runout. Nissanka drove the ball and De Silva set off, but his partner didn't respond, leaving him stranded.

Nissanka brought up his eighth T20 half-century with a cover shot but then watched as Rajapaksa, Asalanka and Shanaka all fell to Meiyappan.

Wanindu Hasaranga de Silva was then snared by Aayan Afzal Khan four balls later as they lost four wickets for three runs.

Nissanka kept calm at the other end and began swinging his bat, before being dismissed in the final over.

Dushmantha Chameera quickly rattled UAE in their reply, clean bowling Muhammad Waseem and Aryan Lakra in the space of five balls.

The UAE had no answer to the pace attack, slumping to 21-4 in the sixth over and they never recovered as Sri Lanka ran riot.


Sri Lanka bowled out UAE for 73 for a convincing 79-run victory. Chameera ended with 3-15 but in worry for Sri Lanka hobbled off late in the game.


Agencies

UAE Cricket
T20 World Cup
Sri Lanka
Related articles
SPORT
Duffy and Hay heroics secure T20 series for New Zealand over Sri Lanka
30 Dec 2024
SPORT
‘Reject’ Paterson bowls S.Africa into strong position vs Lanka in 2nd Test
07 Dec 2024
SPORT
Nissanka leads strong Sri Lanka fightback against South Africa
07 Dec 2024
SPORT
S.Africa thrash Sri Lanka in first Test to boost bid for booking spot in WTC final
01 Dec 2024
Most Popular Stories
1
NEWS
Special bus services on New Year’s Eve
2
NEWS
AD services’ timings during New Year holidays
3
LIFESTYLE
Global population reaches 8.156 billion in 2024
PDF SUBSCRIPTION
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY
PUBLISHING POLICY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 135 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.gulftoday.ae/Sport/2022/10/18/UAEs-Meiyappan-takes-only-fifth-ever-hat-trick-at-a-T20-World-Cup 
 ----- 
