×
हिंदी
LATEST NEWS
LIVE SCORE
IND VS AUS
RESULTS
WEBSTORIES
CRICKET VIDEOS
SCHEDULE
PHOTOS
☰
Home News Sri Lanka vs United Arab Emirates, T20 World Cup 2022 Qualifiers Highlights: SL Crush UAE by 79 Runs
Sri Lanka vs United Arab Emirates, T20 World Cup 2022 Qualifiers Highlights: SL Crush UAE by 79 Runs
LIVE SCORE Sri Lanka vs United Arab Emirates, T20 World Cup 2022 Qualifiers: SL Crush UAE by 79 Runs.

Written by CricketCountry Staff
Published: Oct 18, 2022, 01:46 PM (IST)
Edited: Oct 18, 2022, 07:50 PM (IST)

 Sri Lanka vs United Arab Emirates, T20 World Cup 2022 Qualifiers Highlights Sri Lanka collapsed to settle for 152/8. Karthik Meiyappan was the star with the ball as he picked Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Charith Asalanka and Dasun Shanaka to complete this year’s T20 World Cup first hattrick. Pathum Nissanka batted well for Sri lanka and scored 74 off 60 balls.

Sri Lanka have scored 84 runs in the first 10 overs and the stage is set for them to post a big score. Kusal Mendis was out for 18 after giving a good start to Sri Lanka along with Pathum Nissanka.

Play
Unmute
Loaded: 1.22%
Fullscreen

Dhannjaya de Silva along with Nissanka since then have played with caution. But with nine wickets in the kitty, expect some big overs in the remaining 10 overs in the Sri Lanka innings. Pathum Nissanka and Kusal Mendis have given Sri Lanka a fiery start. This is a must win game for the Dasun Shanaka-led side and they needed this kind of start after losing the toss. Junaid Siddiqui started well but Kashif Daud leaked 14 off the second over.

Post that, it has all been Kusal Mendis and Pathum Nissanka show. Dasun Shanaka-led Sri Lanka would look to bounce back against the United Arab Emirates in their second match in the Qualifiers to be played at the Simonds Stadium, Geelong on Tuesday. Having lost the first match against Namibia, Sri Lanka would know that their chances of playing in the Super 12 stage of the T20 World Cup 2022 hang by a piece of thread as a loss would see them getting knocked out of the tournament.

UAE, ably led by Chundangapoyil Rizwan would also be well aware of the fate that awaits his side in case of a loss as the match is a virtual knockout clash for both sides. Sri Lanka would start as favourites but Namibia’s spirited show against the former champions would leave Rizwan’s men with a lot of hope. Sri Lanka are currently placed in the fourth slot in Group A while UAE, by virtue of a better net run-rate occupies third place in the group. The long boundaries will once again bring the spinners into play with little dew expected in the second half of the match.

Squads: United Arab Emirates: Chirag Suri, Muhammad Waseem, Kashif Daud, Vriitya Aravind(w), Zawar Farid, Basil Hameed, Chundangapoyil Rizwan(c), Aayan Afzal Khan, Karthik Meiyappan, Junaid Siddique, Zahoor Khan, Ahmed Raza, Aryan Lakra, Alishan Sharafu, Sabir Ali

TRENDING NOW

Sri Lanka: Pathum Nissanka, Kusal Mendis(w), Dhananjaya de Silva, Danushka Gunathilaka, Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Dasun Shanaka(c), Wanindu Hasaranga, Chamika Karunaratne, Lahiru Kumara, Pramod Madushan, Maheesh Theekshana, Dushmantha Chameera, Dilshan Madushanka, Charith Asalanka, Jeffrey Vandersay

Tags:
Live Blog
Live Cricket Score
Live Score
SL Vs UAE
Sri Lanka Vs United Arab Emirates
T20 World Cup 2022
T20 World Cup Live
UAE Vs SL
MOST POPULAR SERIES
IND vs AUS, 3rd Test
PAK Vs England: IPL
Women ICC Match
EXPLORE MORE
About
Advertise with us
Contact us
Partnerships
Disclaimer
Terms of use
Cookies Policy
Privacy Policy
FOLLOW US
Instagram
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Youtube

© 2023 Indiadotcom Digital. Private Limited. All Rights Reserved.

CricketCountry asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricketcountry.com/news/sri-lanka-vs-united-arab-emirates-t20-world-cup-2022-qualifiers-highlights-sl-vs-uae-live-streaming-geelong-ball-by-commentary-shanaka-rizwan-live-news-1047832/ 
 ----- 
