SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS

Randal Grichuk belts 2 HRs as Diamondbacks beat Giants

Sep 4, 2024, 6:50 AM | Updated: 6:55 am

(Photo by Lachlan Cunningham/Getty Images)

Share 

BY FIELD LEVEL MEDIA




Sactown Sports

Randal Grichuk hit two home runs, Ryne Nelson pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Arizona Diamondbacks opened a key three-game road series by holding on for an 8-7 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night.

With just a second win in their last six games, the Diamondbacks (78-61) retained the No. 2 wild-card position in the National League while also putting 10 games between them and the sinking Giants (68-71).

Grichuk got the Diamondbacks rolling with a two-run homer in a three-run first inning, then added a solo shot leading off the fifth as Arizona ran up a 7-1 lead.

Randal does it again!!! pic.twitter.com/2GO5n4G5nE

— Arizona Diamondbacks (@Dbacks) September 4, 2024

Giants vs. Diamondbacks recap

The two-homer game was the 12th of Grichuk’s career. The homers were just his seventh and eighth this season.

Kevin Newman chipped in with a two-run single for the Diamondbacks, who knocked out Giants starter Kyle Harrison (7-7) after just 2 2/3 innings. The left-hander was charged with six runs on seven hits, with one walk and three strikeouts.

Nelson (10-6) left with a 7-2 lead with two outs in the seventh, having limited the Giants to just four hits. He walked two and struck out nine.

The Giants rallied against the Arizona bullpen in the eighth after Mike Yastrzemski led off the inning with his 13th homer.

A Jerar Encarnacion single, Patrick Bailey bunt and Marco Luciano single also produced single runs, getting the Giants within 7-6 with runners at first and third with two outs. But Justin Martinez struck out Luis Matos to escape the jam.

The visitors were able to tack on a run in the ninth when Corbin Carroll singled, stole second and third and came home on a Christian Walker single.

The extra run eased the burden on Martinez in the last of the ninth. He served up a one-out double to Heliot Ramos that made it a one-run game again, but then picked up his eighth save by retiring two of the final three men he faced, including striking out Encarnacion with two aboard to end it.

Grichuk finished 3-for-5 with three runs and three RBIs for the Diamondbacks, whose 11 hits matched the Giants’ total. Carroll collected a double, single and two runs, while Newman and Geraldo Perdomo added two hits apiece.

Yastrzemski had two hits and scored three times, while Ramos and Bailey had a pair of hits apiece for the Giants, who fell to 1-3 on their make-or-break, six-game homestand.

–Field Level Media

What is the upcoming San Francisco Giants Schedule?
Tuesday, September 3rd – Thursday, September 5th – vs. Arizona Diamondbacks
Friday, September 6th – Sunday, September 8th – @ San Diego Padres
Tuesday, September 10th-Thursday, September 12th – vs. Milwaukee Brewers
Friday, September 13th-Sunday, September 15th – vs. San Diego Padres
Tuesday, September 17th-Thursday, September 19th – @ Baltimore Orioles

Thank you for reading SactownSports.com. Follow us on Twitter and Google News, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.

Newsletter
Share 
San Francisco Giants

Brenden Nunes

Report: Justin Verlander agrees to one-year deal with San Francisco Giants

5 days ago

Field Level Media

D-backs, Corbin Burnes agree to 6-year, $210M deal

14 days ago

Field Level Media

Report: 3 MLB teams paying bulk of record $311M in luxury taxes

18 days ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Report: Giants still in on Corbin Burnes, but the price has changed

27 days ago

Brenden Nunes

Willy Adames says Buster Posey is “the biggest reason” he signed with Giants

1 month ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Report: Giants ‘heavy favorites’ for Corbin Burnes

1 month ago

Randal Grichuk belts 2 HRs as Diamondbacks beat Giants

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Email Story


CONTACT US
FOLLOW ON FACEBOOK
FOLLOW ON TWITTER
JOB OPENINGS
ARIZONASPORTS.COM | DENVERSPORTS.COM | KSLSPORTS.COM | SACTOWNSPORTS.COM | SEATTLESPORTS.COM
AIM DIGITAL AGENCY
© 2025 BONNEVILLE INTERNATIONAL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY | DO NOT SELL MY DATA
EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT | COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT | LICENSING
FCC APPLICATIONS | FCC PUBLIC FILE
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc.. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sactownsports.com/mlb-san-francisco-giants-arizona-diamondbacks-grichuk-recap/ 
 ----- 
