Skip to content
Subscribe Now
42°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBSAN FRANCISCO GIANTSNews
SF Giants continue plummeting as Zac Gallen tosses 6 no-hit innings
San Francisco has lost six of its last seven games
Arizona Diamondbacks’ Zac Gallen (23) pitches against the San Francisco Giants in the fourth inning at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024. (Shae Hammond/Bay Area News Group)
By DANNY EMERMAN | demerman@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group
UPDATED: September 5, 2024 at 4:11 AM PDT

SAN FRANCISCO — Beelining toward their third straight .500 or worse season, the Giants notched four hits in a loss to the postseason-contending Diamondbacks.

Diamondbacks starter Zac Gallen no-hit the Giants for the duration of his six-inning start, consistently getting into two-strike counts and generating whiffs on offspeed pitches out of the zone from there.

LaMonte Wade Jr. hit his sixth career Splash Hit — and the franchise’s 104th overall — once Gallen departed, but his seventh-inning shot didn’t ignite a serious comeback bid in the 6-4 defeat.

San Francisco Giants’ Spencer Bivens (76) fields a ground ball against Arizona Diamondbacks’ Jake McCarthy (31) in the fifth inning at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024. (Shae Hammond/Bay Area News Group) 

“All our best at-bats come later in the game off, a lot of times, the best relievers,” Giants manager Bob Melvin said postgame. “It happens again today. It’s trying to put pressure on the starter early in the game, score some runs — it takes the pressure off our starters. We talk about it a lot. We try to prepare the best we can for a starter, and it’s really been all year that we’ve struggled with that.”

San Francisco (68-72) has now lost six of its last seven games as the club’s focus has turned from an outside shot at a playoff run to next season. They’ve officially lost four straight series. The announced paid attendance of 22,855 set a new season-low at Oracle Park, breaking the prior low point from the night before.

Giants starter Hayden Birdsong has impressed at times this season, but there have been more downs than ups. Before Wednesday night’s rocky outing, his season ERA in nine starts against teams other than the Rockies was 6.15.

Birdgong’s past month in particular, specifically with his control, has been difficult.

“Honestly, I don’t really know,” Birdsong, 23, said of his command. “I’m still working on it obviously. I’d love to be in the zone all the time, but sometimes that’s how it goes. Hopefully I can figure it out for my next start. Just keep working on it, hopefully it comes back. Just keep grinding.”

Birdsong labored through three innings and was lucky to cough up only two runs. The rookie righty walked five, gave up a home run to Eugenio Suarez in the second and made a throwing error while delivering 77 pitches.

To end the second frame, Josh Bell just missed what would’ve been a grand slam, instead flying out to the warning track in the left-field corner. Still, Birdsong forced the Giants to hand the game over to the bullpen earlier than they would’ve liked.

“I hate killing the bullpen. It hurts my feelings, and it screws us later in the series or whatnot. I just want to get to five, get to six, regardless of if I give up three or four runs or whatever. If I can keep it there, five or six innings, it’d feel okay.”

The Giants similarly couldn’t cash in on a bases-loaded situation when a trio of rookies — Luis Matos, Marco Luciano and Brett Wisely — drew consecutive two-out walks. That threat ended when backup catcher Curt Casali committed on his check swing on a Gallen curveball in the dirt.

RELATED ARTICLES
Kurtenbach: That’s it? The SF Giants need to keep spending this offseason
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
SF Giants agree with Justin Verlander on one-year contract: report

As Birdsong exited and Spencer Bivens (4IP, 2ER, 3K, 1BB) pitched well in his place, Gallen continued to cruise through the Giants’ order. The second-inning trio of walks were three of the only four baserunners he put on all night.

Gallen struck out the side of Tyler Fitzgerald, Wade and Luis Matos in the fourth inning, extending his no-hit bid.

San Francisco’s lineup was littered with rookies and second-year players — as it should be in a September bereft of a postseason chance. Matt Chapman, who has played all but four games this year, was a late scratch. That allowed Fitzgerald and Wisely to occupy the left side of the infield, with Luciano starting his second straight game at second base. Ramos and Matos joined veteran Mike Yastrzemski in the outfield.

Bivens, another rookie, retired the first five Diamondbacks he faced before leaving a changeup over the middle to Pavin Smith, who socked it for a solo home run.

The Giants rarely even hit the ball out of the infield against Gallen, who took the mound for the sixth with a 3-0 lead. Yastrzemski then worked a 13-pitch walk, driving Gallen closer to a departure. But Ramos grounded into a double play on the first pitch he saw and then Michael Conforto struck out, allowing Gallen to leave with his no-hitter intact.

San Francisco Giants’ Marco Luciano (37) attempts to tag Arizona Diamondbacks’ Corbin Carroll (7) during a steal in the eighth inning at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024. (Shae Hammond/Bay Area News Group) 

“He’s always good, right?” Melvin said of Gallen. “Curveball always looks like a strike and ends up being below the zone. Makes big pitches when he has to.”

Fitzgerald singled up the middle off Kevin Ginkel to lead off the seventh for San Francisco’s first hit of the evening and the very next batter, Wade, crushed a Splash Hit to halve Arizona’s lead.

Wade’s sixth home run of the year landed in the drink 412 feet from home plate.

But the same issues that have plagued embattled former closer Camilo Doval resurfaced in the eighth. Doval allowed a leadoff walk, didn’t hold the runner on, and then Suarez came centimeters away from his second homer of the game, settling for a double. Both eventually scored.

Wade drove in two more runs in the bottom of the ninth with a single up the middle, accounting for all four of San Francisco’s RBI. But the next three batters after him failed to reach base, leaving a half-full Oracle Park with a loss for the second straight night.

1 of 7

San Francisco Giants' Marco Luciano (37) throws the ball against the Arizona Diamondbacks in the first inning at Oracle Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024. (Shae Hammond/Bay Area News Group)

Originally Published: September 4, 2024 at 9:31 PM PDT
Around the Web
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling Out on Amazon - Find Out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Forgotten Restaurant Chains No One Remembers Anymore
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer You Never Saw Coming!
Tardive Dyskenisia
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
Surgeon: if Your Hair is Thinning, Do This Immediately
WG Hair Restore
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Neurologist: 97% of People With Neuropathy Don't Know This Crucial Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
In South Carolina The Whole Courtroom Turns Pale When The Girl Says This
lawyersblvd
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Shocked!
Myelodysplastic
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
The Solution To Your Denim Dilemma Is Here | Up To 50% Off Sitewide
Lucky Brand
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
North Charleston: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Early Signals of Tardive Dyskinesia You Should Definitely Know About (Take a Loo
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
10 Foods You Should Never Eat After 50
HEALTH NATURAL
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Forget Retinol, Use This Household Item to Fill in Wrinkles
WellnessGaze Skin
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
Low-priced Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments in North Charleston - Take a Look!
Senior Apartments
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Neuropathy: Relieve 'Needle Pain' & Numbness - Try This at Home Today
WellnessGaze Neuro
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
Weird New "Oral Flush" Naturally Restores Teeth & Gums
Provadent
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Top 15 Most Unhealthy Breakfast Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
Repossessed Cars Sitting in North Charleston: Get Them! See the Price
Repo Cars I Search Ads
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Surprise You
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Surgeon: People With Sleep Disorders Should Start Doing This Immediately
WG Sleep Health
Uncovering the Shocking Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency!
Immunotherapy Treatment
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Silent but Dangerous: Understanding the Appearance of Psoriatic Arthritis
Psoriatic Arthritis
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Today in History: January 13, Trump becomes first president to be impeached twice
No. 24 Cal women’s basketball continues dominant year with win over Florida State
Stanford can't keep pace with No. 21 N.C. State in home loss
49ers interview Detroit assistant for special teams coach
Sharks prospect, still in Sudbury, shines in first game back from injury
Former child star Rory Callum Sykes dies in L.A. wildfire after mother couldn’t save him
Residential burglars in Saratoga steal safe, jewelry
Prince Harry, Meghan Markle survey Eaton fire damage
Searchable map: Houses destroyed in Los Angeles’ Palisades fire
Map: Palisades and Eaton fire perimeters and evacuation zones

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS
Kurtenbach: That’s it? The SF Giants need to keep spending this offseason
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
2024
September
4
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2024/09/04/gallen-shuts-down-sf-giants-in-another-diamondbacks-win-oracle-park-attendance/ 
 ----- 
