MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Giants call up Marco Luciano, and for better or worse, adjust their focus in September
By Andrew Baggarly
Sep 4, 2024

168

SAN FRANCISCO — The Giants turned the page on their season prior to Tuesday night’s game against the Arizona Diamondbacks.

They recalled infield prospect Marco Luciano and announced their intention to give him ample opportunity at second base the rest of the way. They also recalled outfielder Luis Matos and will seek to fold him into their outfield rotation when possible.

Meanwhile, they’ll continue to evaluate whether rookie center fielder Grant McCray can compete well enough at the plate to allow his defensive attributes to shine at the major-league level. They’ll hope that left fielder Heliot Ramos and shortstop Tyler Fitzgerald can carry their breakout seasons to the finish line.

They’ll give a few more starts to Kyle Harrison and Hayden Birdsong so that the pair of rotation rookies can establish a bigger benchmark of innings to carry into next season. Young catcher Patrick Bailey still has lessons to learn about how to compete with heavier legs in the second half, too.

The Giants’ organizational goal, as Farhan Zaidi stated shortly after being hired as president of baseball operations six years ago, is to play meaningful baseball in September. Maybe that stated goal never sat well with you. Maybe it didn’t strike you as ambitious enough. Semantics aside, the Giants certainly didn’t approach this year as a season in transition. Not when they committed more than $400 million in new money and punted two of their top three draft picks while investing in their roster prior to opening day.

The Giants attempted to address every glaring weakness this past offseason. Instead, as things shook out, this group hasn’t been strong enough to compete in what might be the major leagues’ most rigorous division. And results will always matter more than the intent. When expectations go unmet and when hopes fade, bitterness tends to fill the empty space.

So maybe there’s a catharsis in turning that metaphorical page. There will be time for blame and recriminations soon enough. For now, with the season down to a few weeks and a dozen dates at Third and King, there is still meaningful baseball to be played. It just won’t be for the stakes that anyone wanted or envisioned.

There’s also the downside of turning the metaphorical page and pivoting to young and developing players: there will be nights when they’ll get the metaphorical book thrown at them.

Luciano’s first game at second base included two fumbled grounders and a missed catch in the Giants’ 8-7 loss. Harrison’s waning fastball velocity became an issue again as he got tagged for six runs and didn’t make it out of the third inning. Fitzgerald booted a ball at shortstop. McCray was charged with an error, too, but the mistake was Bailey’s when the catcher whiffed at handing the hopping remnants of the throw from center field.

You can’t win a coin-flip play at the plate when the quarter gets dropped down a storm drain.

It nearly became a victory anyway — the messy kind that gets tacked up on the refrigerator with pride. Ramos had a pair of hits that helped to fuel a four-run rally in the eighth inning and another run-scoring rally in the ninth. Bailey, who hit .283 prior to the All-Star break and entered Tuesday hitting just .110 after it, pulled off the most surprising bunt from a catcher since Tom Berenger while bringing in a run in the eighth. Luciano served an RBI single to right field to keep the rally going.

And Tristan Beck had the moment most worth savoring. The right-hander returned to a major-league mound six months after he underwent surgery to repair an aneurysm in his right arm. Beck pitched 3 1/3 innings in relief of Harrison and received a wave of handshakes from inspired teammates after he walked off the mound.

“The biggest part was just taking so much time off throwing,” said Beck, who underwent vascular surgery on March 5. “No throwing, no lifting, which presented some unique challenges. It’s the longest I’ve ever gone without throwing a baseball, so it just made for a slow process, starting from complete scratch, playing 60-foot catch. It took a lot of patience but I give a lot of credit to our medical staff and coaching staff here. It was a clean process, good communication. We were on the same page. We made a schedule, stuck to it, and made small adjustments as needed.”

There are always small adjustments to be made when you are trying to compete at the game’s highest level. There are often big adjustments, too. For as much as Harrison’s coaches and teammates praise the way he’s competed in his first full season, there’s no ignoring the consternation over his fastball velocity. If he’s throwing 96-97 mph, like he did in instructional league and the minors, then his unique fastball characteristics at the top of the strike zone give him the equipment to be one of the game’s elite pitchers. If he’s struggling to touch 91-92 mph, as has been the case in the second half, then his ceiling is much lower.

When Harrison served up a two-run home run to Randal Grichuk in the first inning, it was the sixth shot he’s allowed on his fastball since the beginning of August. The young left-hander acknowledged that the velocity questions have grown from a curiosity to a concern.

“Yeah, I’d say at this point, a little bit,” Harrison said. “Just not really used to that my whole career. Definitely don’t want to see it at this stage, at this point in my life. Definitely pissed off about that. Because I know it’s not the work. I’ve been working my butt off. We’ll just try to figure it out. Got a couple starts left so let’s do it. Why not? Just got to keep a positive mentality.

“I know how good I can be. Just didn’t have my stuff tonight. But you’ve got to (have your stuff). No excuse for that. Going into the offseason, I’ll definitely work on it. I definitely learned a lot this year.”

It’s harder to gauge what lessons Luciano might be learning, other than to tune out a cacophony of mixed messages from the organization. When Zaidi traded Jorge Soler to the Atlanta Braves prior to the July 30 trade deadline, he explained that the move would free up at-bats at designated hitter so that Luciano could get exposure against major-league pitching while the matter of his ultimate defensive position remained up in the air. That commitment lasted five games before Luciano was sent back to Triple-A Sacramento.

But the Giants sensibly pivoted after losing two of three this past weekend to the last-place Miami Marlins. The decision to outright Thairo Estrada, their opening-day second baseman and 2023 Willie Mac Award winner, only made sense if it meant clearing the position for Luciano. Perhaps it took longer than necessary, but Luciano and Matos replaced backup catcher Blake Sabol and infielder Casey Schmitt on the roster Tuesday afternoon. And fans who had been clamoring for Luciano had to endure a few unvarnished moments.

Luciano let Bailey’s one-hop throw get past him and bound into center field in the second inning. Luciano couldn’t handle a grounder to his right when fielding it cleanly would have meant a decent shot at beating Eugenio Suárez in a foot race to record a potential inning-ending force out in the third. Instead, Adrian Del Castillo was credited with a hit and Kevin Newman followed with a two-run single. Luciano also committed an error leading off the sixth on a grounder to his left — a mistake that Beck was able to pitch around in a scoreless inning.

Earlier this season, Luciano’s late-inning foibles at shortstop were so damaging that the Giants began the experiment of moving him to second base. Whether he’s being developed at this point to be a part of the Giants’ future or as a potential offseason trade chip, it’ll be important that Luciano begin to establish himself as trustworthy somewhere on the diamond.

“You know what, it’s going to be a learning process for him at the position,” Melvin said.

If Luciano is enduring a season of confusion or a crisis of confidence or both, the 22-year-old didn’t speak of it when he took questions after Tuesday’s game.

“It’s something that I can’t control,” he said through Spanish interpreter Erwin Higueros when asked about how he’s handled the mixed messages. “The only thing I can control is to show up, play hard, learn and do what the organization tells me to do. If they send me to (Double-A) Richmond, I’ll play hard in Richmond and learn. That’s what I can control.”

Richmond is where you’ll find the organization’s greatest current wellspring of hope. First baseman Bryce Eldridge mashed his way there after hitting .335/.442/.618 with 12 home runs in 48 games at High-A Eugene. The 19-year-old (who wears the No. 19) became the second-youngest player in Flying Squirrels franchise history. Based on his current trajectory, it’s not hard to imagine him reaching the big leagues and getting a beer shower for his first hit before he’s legally able to take a sip of it.

Of course, it’s not nearly as fun or hopeful to ponder the near-term destinations. Not when the Giants are 68-71 and, given the load of postseason-bound opponents on their September schedule, will be hard-pressed to finish above .500. And certainly not when it isn’t just the Los Angeles Dodgers who are pulling far ahead of them in the NL West. The Giants aren’t just 16 games behind the Dodgers. They’ve failed to measure up while lagging 10 1/2 games behind the San Diego Padres and 10 games behind the Diamondbacks, too.

Some pages can’t be turned fast enough.

(Photo of Luciano: Lachlan Cunningham / Getty Images)

Andrew Baggarly is a senior writer for The Athletic and covers the San Francisco Giants. He has covered Major League Baseball for more than two decades, including the Giants since 2004 for the Oakland Tribune, San Jose Mercury News and Comcast SportsNet Bay Area. He is the author of two books that document the most successful era in franchise history: “A Band of Misfits: Tales of the 2010 San Francisco Giants” and “Giant Splash: Bondsian Blasts, World Series Parades and Other Thrilling Moments By the Bay.” Follow Andrew on Twitter @extrabaggs

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5743756/2024/09/04/giants-marco-luciano-call-up/ 
 ----- 
