SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
TRANSFER NEWS
GHANA
AFRICAN FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
TENNIS
BASKETBALL
ATHLETICS
OLYMPIC GAMES
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
QATAR STAY PERFECT AS AKRAM AFIF DOWNS KUWAIT IN WORLD CUP QUALIFYING
Qatar stay perfect as Akram Afif downs Kuwait in World Cup qualifying
Reuters,
21.03.2024 22:13
Afif celebrates scoring his side's third goal
AFP
Akram Afif (27) scored twice as Asian champions Qatar defeated Kuwait 3-0 in Doha on Thursday to maintain their perfect start to the second round of the continent's preliminaries for the 2026 World Cup.

Afif, wearing the captain's armband after Hassan Al-Haydos announced his international retirement at the weekend, opened and closed the scoring for Marquez Lopez's side as Qatar moved on to nine points from three Group A matches.

The Al Sadd forward tapped in from close range two minutes into the second half to put Qatar in front and Ahmed Al-Rawi doubled the lead four minutes later when he pounced on a rebound after Sulaiman Abdulghafoor had spilled a long-range shot.

Afif also saw his shot kept out by Abdulghafoor in the 68th minute only to score at the second attempt and put the seal on Qatar's win.

The win moves the Asian Cup holders five points clear at the top of the group standings, with India in second after a 0-0 draw with Afghanistan.

The first two finishers in each of the nine groups advance to the next stage of determining which nations will take Asia's eight guaranteed berths at the 48-team World Cup in Mexico, Canada and the United States.

Reigning Asian Player of the Year Salem Al-Dawsari scored the only goal as Saudi Arabia won 1-0 against Tajikistan in Riyadh to move on to nine points in Group G, five ahead of the Tajiks and Jordan, who won 3-0 against Pakistan.

Oman ensured that three teams are on six points at the halfway point in Group D by handing Malaysia their first loss of the preliminaries with a 2-0 win over Kim Pan-gon's side in Muscat.

Kyrgyzstan also have six points as a result of their 2-0 victory over Taiwan.

Iran thrashed Turkmenistan 5-0, with defender Hossain Kanaani scoring twice, to take Amir Ghalenoi's team on to seven points and up to the Group E summit, where they are level with Uzbekistan, who defeated Hong Kong 2-0.

Sultan Adil scored 18 minutes from time to maintain the United Arab Emirates' winning start with a 2-1 victory over Yemen in Abu Dhabi and they now lead Group H by three points from Bahrain, who had a 5-0 win against Nepal.

Australia defeated Lebanon 2-0 in Sydney to open up a five-point gap at the top of Group I, with Palestine cruising to a 5-0 win over Bangladesh in Kuwait City to move into second.

Iraq picked up a third win in a row in Group F as Mohanad Ali's 84th-minute strike secured a 1-0 victory over the Philippines and the Gulf side lead the standings ahead of Indonesia, who won 1-0 against Vietnam.

Earlier in the day, South Korea were held to a 1-1 draw by Thailand but they still top Group C by three points from the Thais after China drew 2-2 with Singapore.

Japan defeated North Korea 1-0 to give them a five-point lead in Group B over Syria following a 1-1 draw for Hector Cuper's side with Myanmar.

MENTIONS
Football
Akram Afif
Qatar
Kuwait
Related Articles
Qatar retain Asian Cup crown as Akram Afif hat-trick sinks underdogs Jordan
10.02.2024 17:53
Afif to Lee Kang-in: Five players who lit up the Asian Cup group stage
26.01.2024 13:03
Asian champions Qatar shift focus as World Cup qualifiers resume
19.03.2024 10:43
Show more
Football
Former Barcelona forward and South American great Hugo Sotil dies aged 75
11 min ago
NBA Weekly: New York Knicks motor on while Suns and Mavs involved in crazy brawl
33 min ago
AC Milan appoint former Porto boss Conceicao as new manager after Fonseca sacked
2 h ago
Transfer News LIVE: Jonathan David a wanted man, Bayer Leverkusen looking for centre-back
2 h ago
Updated
Savinho steps up when needed most to show why Manchester City signed him
3 h ago
2024 in pictures: Sporting moments of the year captured on camera
3 h ago
Djokovic and Kyrgios dazzle in Brisbane with winning doubles debut
4 h ago
Ex-Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy agrees to take charge of Kenya’s Harambee Stars
5 h ago
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
6 h ago
Updated
Flashscore tennis predictions 2025: Sinner & Alcaraz to dominate while WTA Tour remains open
6 h ago
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
UEFA Champions League
CAF Champions League
EPL news
Ligue 1
La Liga
Serie A
Brazil Serie A
FOOTBALL GHANA
Ghana Premier League
Ghana Premier League fixtures
Division One League
Division One League fixtures
Ghana FA Cup
FC Samartex
Hearts of Oak
TENNIS
Tennis news
ATP Next Gen Finals 2024
WTA Australian Open
Jannik Sinner
Novak Djokovic
Iga Swiatek
TRENDING
Transfer news & rumours
Ghana football news
Black Stars results
Mohammed Kudus
NBA news
Saudi Pro League
Athletics news
LIVESCORE
Hearts of Oak - Legon Cities
CR Belouizdad - Al Ahly
Al Ahly - Asyut Petroleum
Medeama - Asante Kotoko
Aduana - Samartex
Al Ahly - Smouha
Ipswich - Chelsea
FLASHSCORE.COM.GH
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2024 Flashscore.com.gh
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com.gh/news/qatar-stay-perfect-as-akram-afif-downs-kuwait-in-world-cup-qualifying/Akc8qpuH/ 
 ----- 
