Skip to main content
SBNation.com homepage
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
SBNation.com main menu
SECRET BASE
BREAKAWAY
BETTING 
NFL 
NBA 
CBB 
CFB 
GOLF
MORE 

FILED UNDER:

NBA
Jalen Rose saw the ghost of Chris Webber after Erik Spoelstra called a timeout he didn’t have

Erik Spoelstra pulled a Chris Webber in Heat loss, and Jalen Rose looked like he saw a ghost.

By Ricky O'Donnell  Nov 13, 2024, 10:22am EST  0 Comments / 0 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Ricky O'Donnell has covered basketball at all levels for more than a decade at SB Nation. He's currently the Associate Director of Programing.

The Miami Heat and Detroit Pistons played a thriller to open up NBA Cup play on Wednesday night. Detroit led by 10 points with under four minutes left, but Tyler Herro hit three straight three-pointers to close the fourth quarter and help force overtime. In OT, Herro put the Heat up with a leaning bucket to give him 40 points on the night. That’s when things got weird.

The Pistons had 1.8 seconds left and trailed by two in OT after Herro’s make. Pistons coach JB Bickerstaff drew up a beautiful play out of the timeout, with Cade Cunningham throwing a backdoor lob to center Jalen Duren. It was executed perfectly to tie the game. Heat coach Erik Spoelstra ran onto the court to call timeout after the dunk, but there was only one problem: Miami didn’t have any timeouts left.

The Heat coach earned a technical foul, which gave the Pistons a free throw. Malik Beasley made it to win the game.

The Pistons beat the Heat, 123-121, in overtime thanks to Spoelstra’s brain fart. Watch the Pistons’ game-tying lob and Spoelstra’s phantom timeout here:

Spoelstra is considered perhaps the best coach in the NBA. He’s led the Heat to two championships, and also reached the NBA Finals two more times with underdog teams. He’s brilliant in all aspects of coaching, but this is a mistake he’s not going to forget soon.

Spoelstra blamed himself for the loss after the game. This is about as dejected as you will ever see him.

When it comes to calling a timeout you don’t have in basketball, there’s only one person that comes to mind: Chris Webber. Webber famously called a phantom timeout in the 1993 national championship game between Michigan and North Carolina, and the Wolverines lost because of it. Oddly enough, Webber’s old college teammate Jalen Rose was in the building for the Pistons-Heat game.

His reaction to seeing Coach Spo call a phantom timeout was incredible. This man is seeing ghosts in real time:

Spoelstra triggered some deep-seeded PTSD in Rose. You hate to see it.

The Heat are still riding for Spoelstra after the loss. Herro — who finished with 40 points and 10 made threes on the night — gave his coach a vote of confidence after the loss:

The NBA Cup is fantastic.

NEXT UP IN NBA
The Pacers set a meaningless NBA record that will never be broken
Russell Westbrook warned Clippers center to box him out, then grabbed putback over him
 Trae Young’s halfcourt dagger joins NBA’s longest buzzer-beaters ever list
LeBron James’ dunk was so good it shouldn’t be possible for a 40-year-old
The Suns benching Bradley Beal could have deeper meaning for NBA trade rumors
Sunday’s thriller says more about the Thunder than it does about the Celtics
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the SB Nation Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of all your sports news from SB Nation
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status
Contact Have a News Tip? Community Guidelines Masthead Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
	
Vox Media
Advertise with us
Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sbnation.com/nba/2024/11/13/24295510/miami-heat-erik-spoelstra-timeout-jalen-rose-reaction-video 
 ----- 
