Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
NBA Fans React to Pistons’ Thrilling Overtime Stunner vs Miami Heat
The Detroit Pistons won a thrilling matchup against the Miami Heat.
Justin Grasso | Nov 13, 2024
Nov 12, 2024; Detroit, Michigan, USA; Detroit Pistons guard Malik Beasley (5) celebrate after defeating the Miami Heat at Little Caesars Arena. Mandatory Credit: Rick Osentoski-Imagn Images / Rick Osentoski-Imagn Images
In this story:
Detroit Pistons
Miami Heat

The Detroit Pistons continue to engage in dramatic finishes. Fortunately for them, Tuesday’s game against the Miami Heat for the start of the 2024 NBA Cup ended with the scoreboard on their side after going 2-2 last week,

The Pistons won their first NBA Cup game since the tournament started last year. At the same time, they improve to 5-7 on the year.

Before the game, the Pistons learned Jalen Duren would return to the starting five after missing the last two games with a sprained ankle. The veteran big man was a major presence down low, collecting 11 rebounds and scoring eight points. His final basket, a throw-down off a lob in overtime, was the shot that pretty much sealed the deal for Detroit against Miami.

The backcourt duo of Cade Cunningham and Jaden Ivey shined once again. Cunningham produced 21 points, seven rebounds, and nine assists in 37 minutes of action.

Ivey produced 19 points and teased a triple-double with nine rebounds and seven assists before fouling out. Despite the turnover concerns for Cunningham and Ivey, they came up big for their team against a tough Heat team that received a 40-point effort from the veteran guard Tyler Herro.

The Pistons made it out of overtime with a 123-121 victory. They tie with the Atlanta Hawks, who defeated the Boston Celtics on Tuesday night, in the East’s seventh seed.

Now that they’ve had the chance to celebrate on Tuesday night, the Pistons hit the road for the second night of a back-to-back against the Milwaukee Bucks.

NBA Fans React to the Pistons' OT Win vs. Miami Heat

@DetroitPistons: went through every emotion tonight

@DeeGreezy: Pistons got 5 wins and it’s November

@Pistons_Jack: CADE TO JD TO TIE IT UP. PISTONS GOT FREE THROWS AFTER THIS. OMG. PISTONS WIN. PISTONS WIN.

@PistonsThoughts: It’s early, but J.B. Bickerstaff and Trajan Langdon deserve so much credit for how good the Pistons look so far. Crazy what a good coach who wants to coach and a team full of modern NBA players does for you

@BSMotorCity: WHAT A PLAY. WHAT A FINISH. PISTONS WIN. PISTONS WIN.

Nov 12, 2024; Detroit, Michigan, USA; Detroit Pistons guard Cade Cunningham (2) dribbles defended by Miami Heat center Bam Adebayo (13) in overtime at Little Caesars Arena. Mandatory Credit: Rick Osentoski-Imagn Images / Rick Osentoski-Imagn Images
Published Nov 13, 2024
JUSTIN GRASSO

Follow JGrasso_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/pistons/news/nba-fans-react-pistons-thrilling-overtime-stunner-vs-miami-heat 
 ----- 
