Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Uganda Cranes records crucial home victory over Botswana Zebras | FIFA World Cup 2026 Qualifiers
Combining with another substitute Denis Omedi, Muhammed Shaban was quicker to tap home past goalkeeper Phoko Goitseone in the 74th minute.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
JUNE 7, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Muhammed Shaban scores Uganda Cranes' lone goal | Credit: Don Mugabi

FIFA World Cup 2026 Qualifiers (Group G):

Uganda Cranes 1-0 Botswana Zebras

Muhammad Shaban came off the bench to score Uganda Cranes lone strike against the Botswana Zebras during group G of the FIFA World Cup qualifiers at the Mandela National Stadium, Namboole on Friday evening.

Combining with another substitute Denis Omedi, Shaban was quicker to tap home past goalkeeper Phoko Goitseone in the 74th minute.

Denis Omedi and Mohammad Shaban (right) celebrate Uganda Cranes’ lone strike against Botswana

Before the goal, all signs were imminent given the urgency, approach and thirst from every member of the Uganda Cranes team.

On a day that the Uganda Cranes played at their historic cathedral home, the fans lit the occasion with electrifying applause for every move.

Right from the opening stanza, Uganda Cranes bossed the game with the goals only the missing ingrident.

St Mirren roving right back Elvis Bwomono had several goal scoring moments foiled by the goalkeeper Phoko, first in the 11th minute with a net post save and 11 minutes later off a direct shot from 30 yards.

Forward Fahad Azizi Bayo headed inches wide off Allan Okello’s inviting cross from the right flank on the half-hour mark.

Uganda Cranes’ Allan Okello controls the ball as Elvis Bwomono looks on Credit: John Philip Mugabi

Five minutes later, midfielder Ronald Ssekiganda had a shot from 30 yards saved by goalkeeper Phoko.

The visitors had Gilbert Baruti and Kabelo Seakanyeng posing some threat although Uganda’s defence marshalled by the debutant Elio Capredosso remained clean and untamed.

Uganda’s defender Halidi Lwaliwa got cautioned as the first half climaxed.

At the onset of the second stanza, Uganda Cranes’ technical team introduced Rogers Mato for Okello.

Two minutes into the second half, Ssekiganda missed from close range inside the goal area.

Uganda Cranes’ Elvis Bwomono has a shot blocked by Benson Kitso Mangolo Credit: John Philip Mugabi

The double change for the hosts on 63 minutes witnessed forward Steven Mukwala and right back Elvis Bwomono rested for attacker Shaban and midfielder Bobosi Byaruhanga respectively.

Tactically, Ssemakula was drifted to the right back as Byaruhanga featured in central midfield.

With 20 minutes to play, Omedi came on for the industrious Bayo and the impact of this change was felt almost immediately.

Deployed on the right, Omedi outpaced the opponent before a strongly laid ball that Shaban poached onto for the solitary strike well cheered by the fans.

WATCH: Shaban Muhammad's goal for @UgandaCranes against Botswana. ⚽🇺🇬🔥#KawowoUpdates #UGABOT | 🎥 @FredDarius2 pic.twitter.com/gWbMBaAlqy

— Kawowo Sports (@kawowosports) June 7, 2024
Shaban Muhammad’s goal against Botswana

For the remaining minutes, Uganda cautiously defended the lead to attain the maximum points.

This is Uganda Cranes’ second victory of the campaign, after the earlier win over Somalia.

Uganda Cranes now has attained six points from three matches played so far.

On Monday, 10th June 2024, Uganda hosts Algeria at Mandela National Stadium.

Uganda Cranes players in a prayer session before the game against Botswana Credit: John Philip Mugabi

Team Line Ups:

Uganda XI: Bin Abdul Rashid Watenga (G.K, Captain), Elvis Bwomono, Isaac Muleme, Halidi Lwaliwa, Elio Capradossi, Kenneth Semakula, Ronald Ssekiganda, Allan Okello, Aziz Fahad Bayo, Travis Mutyaba, Steven Desse Mukwala

Subs: Nafian Alionzi Legason (G.K), Chrispas Kusiima (G.K), Rogers Kassim Mato, Denis Omedi, Ibrahim Kasule, Muhammad Shaban Jagason, Bobosi Byaruhanga, Nicholas Mwere, Ronald Otti, Joel Sserunjogi, Timothy Dennis Awany, Umar Lutalo

Head coach: Joseph Paul Put

Botswana XI: Phoko Goitseone (G.K), Sikele Motsholetsi, Benson Kitso Mangolo, Tebogo Kopelang, Dithokwe Thatayaone (Captain), Mosha Gaolaolwe, Edwin Gape Mohutsiwa, Tumisang Orebonye, Vincent Thabang Sesiyi, Gilbert Baruti, Kabelo Seakanyeng

Subs: Dambe Kabelo (G.K), Motswagole Thabo (G.K), Ramotse Olebogeng, Molaodi Tlhalegang, Sekwai Oarabile, Boy Sagolame, Modingwane Godiraone, Serameng Phenyo, Calvin Gape Thibedi, Majafi Koketso, Bante Thabiso, Casius Obakeng Senono

Referee Franklin Clement Kpan had no kind words for Botswana goalkeeper Phoko Goitseone over time-wasting.

Match officials:

Center Referee: Clement Franklin Kpan
Assistant Referee 1: Prosper Koabenan Adiouman
Assistant Referee 2: Ettien Eba Medar Wenceslas
Fourth official: Patrick Vlei Tanguy
Referees’ Assessor: Hailu Tesfanesh
DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
Padel Sport: Legendary Afrigo Band to light up Herman Padel Center official opening in Nsambya
Uganda set to compete in inaugural CAF U-17 girls integrated football tournament
Uganda Football 2024: A year to remember for SC Villa, Kitara, Uganda Cranes
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/06/07/uganda-cranes-records-crucial-home-victory-over-botswana-zebras-fifa-world-cup-2026-qualifiers/ 
 ----- 
