MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Skubal allows two hits in seven scoreless as Tigers continue postseason push by beating Rays
Updated Sep. 24, 2024 5:04 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

DETROIT (AP) — Tarik Skubal allowed two hits in seven scoreless innings and the Detroit Tigers took another step toward an improbable postseason appearance with a 2-1 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday.

Skubal (18-4), a leading candidate to win the AL Cy Young award, struck out seven batters while walking only one on a day the weather didn't cooperate. He is 6-0 with a 1.94 ERA in his last nine starts.

“I have the best seat in the house to watch the best pitcher in the league,” Tigers manager A.J. Hinch said. “He was incredible on a tough day to pitch. We changed the time from a night game to an afternoon game, then ended up sitting out an hour delay, but he dominated.”

Skubal will get a chance for a 19th win on Sunday if the Tigers need him to beat the Chicago White Sox on the final day of the regular season to make the postseason.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

The Tigers (83-74) began the day tied with Kansas City for the second and third wild-card spots — the Royals hold the tiebreaker — and one game ahead of the Minnesota Twins. Sellers at MLB’s trade deadline, Detroit is an MLB-best 28-11 since Aug. 11.

Reliever Beau Brieske retired the first five batters he faced before Brandon Lowe homered with two outs in the ninth, pulling the Rays to within 2-1, but he struck out Josh Lowe for his third career save and first this season.

Tampa Bay (78-79) dropped five games behind the Tigers.

“We felt our best chance was to win out, and we didn't get there today,” Rays manager Kevin Cash said. “We needed help before this game, and now we're going to need even more.”

Wenceel Pérez reached base three times for Detroit, walking twice before hitting a two-run double in the fifth.

Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
2024 NFL Week 18 Pick 'Em: Predictions for FOX Super 6 by Chris 'The Bear' Fallica
Enter the free NFL Week 18 Super 6 Contest for a chance to win cash prizes! And if you need help with your picks, Chris "The Bear" Fallica has you covered!

“We're doing a great job of playing together,” said Pérez, who returned on Sept. 13 after missing a month with an oblique strain. “This is like a playoff game for us, and we're stepping up to the challenge.”

Tampa Bay starter Ryan Pepiot (8-7) allowed two runs on three hits and four walks in six innings.

The Tigers had the first good chance of the game, putting runners on the corners with one out in the fourth, but Pepiot got Colt Keith to pop out before striking out Spencer Torkelson.

Detroit loaded the bases with one out in the fifth, thanks to two walks and a single. Pérez fell behind 0-2 but worked the count full before hitting a ground-rule double on the ninth pitch of the at-bat.

“That was a tough inning — there were a couple really close pitches,” Cash said. “And then Pérez fouls a couple off and hits one fair by about 2 inches.”

First pitch was moved up from 6:40 p.m. to 1:10 p.m because of a forecast for rain, then was delayed 49 minutes by showers. The game was played in 1 hour, 59 minutes in front of a crowd of 22,770 — much smaller than had been expected.

“We ambushed the city with the time change, but the people who were here were loud,” Hinch said. “I want to thank the fans for changing their plans and being a part of this win.”

Detroit called up right-hander Jackson Jobe, one of baseball's best pitching prospects, to throw out of the bullpen in the season's final week. It made room for him on the roster by designating righty Shelby Miller for assignment.

UP NEXT

The teams play the second of three games on Wednesday, with Detroit RHP Keider Montero (6-6, 4.86 ERA) facing Tampa Bay RHP Zack Littell (8-9, 3.56).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/MLB

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Justin Verlander joining Giants on $15 million deal for his 20th season
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Giants sign Justin Verlander
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Tampa Bay Rays
Major League Baseball
Detroit Tigers
Tarik Skubal
Tarik Skubal
Minnesota Twins
Chicago White Sox
Detroit Tigers
Tampa Bay Rays
MLB - Tampa Bay Rays vs. Detroit Tigers - 09/24/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/skubal-allows-two-hits-in-seven-scoreless-as-tigers-continue-postseason-push-by-beating-rays 
 ----- 
