Skip to Article
Set weather
Michigan
Subscribe
Sign in
TIGERS
AL wild-card chase: Tigers’ magic number for playoff berth is shrinking
Updated: Sep. 25, 2024, 2:48 p.m.|Published: Sep. 25, 2024, 9:56 a.m.

Detroit Tigers outfielders Riley Greene, from left, Parker Meadows and Wenceel Pérez celebrate after a baseball game against the Tampa Bay Rays, Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)AP

By Evan Woodbery | ewoodber@mlive.com

DETROIT -- The most important thing the Detroit Tigers did on Tuesday afternoon was win.

But some of the stuff that happened after their 2-1 victory against the Tampa Bay Rays was pretty helpful, too.

0:00
/
1:25
Keep Watching
Kayla Williams, Charmin Smith Comment on Williams' Performance

The Tigers (83-74) currently hold the final American League wild-card slot. The Minnesota Twins (81-76), who the Tigers had been chasing for much of September, are now two full games behind after a loss to the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night.

The Kansas City Royals (83-74) finally snapped a seven-game losing streak with a 10-inning win at Washington. The Royals would hold the second wild-card spot if the season ended today because they hold the head-to-head tiebreaker over Detroit.

There are plenty of complicated and unlikely scenarios to sort through, but if you want to cut through the noise, here’s the clearest one: The Tigers’ magic number is four.

When any combination of Tigers’ wins and Twins’ losses add up to four, the Tigers will have clinched a berth.

In that practice, that means if the Tigers go:

5-0: They’re in
4-1: They’re in
3-2: Twins must go 5-0 to overtake them
2-3: Twins must go 4-1
1-4: Twins must go 3-2
0-5: Twins must go 2-3

The earliest the Tigers could clinch would be Thursday night.

WILD CARD STANDINGS

Team	Wins	Losses	Games behind
Baltimore	87	70	+4
Kansas City	83	74	--
TIGERS	83	74	--
Minnesota	81	76	2
Seattle	81	77	2.5
Boston	80	78	3.5

(Full standings available here)

The Red Sox have won four in a row but it’s probably too little, too late. To overtake the Tigers, they would need to finish the season with four more wins and then get a lot of help.

The Mariners are in a slightly better position but they suffered a costly loss to Houston on Tuesday night.

CURRENT PLAYOFF ODDS (wild-card contenders)

Team	PECOTA	Fangraphs
Baltimore	100 percent	100
Kansas City	77.1	82
TIGERS	87.1	87.4
Minnesota	25.6	27.2
Seattle	8.8	2.7
Boston	1.4	0.6

The Rays (78-79) are functionally but not officially eliminated. They would have to finish 5-0 -- including two wins against the Tigers this week -- and get significant help from four teams in front of them.

PLAYOFF SEEDING

The Orioles have clinched a playoff spot but have not clinched a No. 1 wild-card seed. There’s still a very small but not impossible chance for the Tigers to move up to the top wild-card spot if the Orioles falter in the final games.

But if the season ended today, here’s how the best-of-three Wild Card Series would look:

Detroit (Wild Card No. 3) at Houston (Division Winner No. 1)
Kansas City (Wild Card No. 2) at Baltimore (Wild Card No. 1)

The top two division winners -- the New York Yankees and Cleveland Guardians -- would receive byes.

REMAINING SCHEDULE

The Tigers probably have the easiest final week of the season; the Orioles might have the toughest.

Orioles: at New York Yankees (2 games), at Minnesota (3 games)

Royals: at Washington (2 games), at Atlanta (3 games)

Tigers: Tampa Bay (2 games), Chicago White Sox (3 games)

Twins: Miami (2 games), Baltimore (3 games)

Mariners: at Houston (1 game), at Oakland (3 games)

Rays: at Detroit (2 games), at Boston (3 games)

Red Sox: at Toronto (1 game), Tampa Bay (3 games)

TIEBREAKERS

There are 11 potential tiebreaker scenarios involving the four teams who are most closely bunched together: the Tigers, Twins, Royals and Mariners.

The Twins are in the strongest position by virtue of winning the season series against all three other teams. The Mariners are in the weakest spot. The Royals would beat the Tigers in a head-to-head tiebreaker, but the inclusion of the Mariners in a three-team tiebreaker could tilt the advantage to Detroit.

Two-team tiebreaker:

Twins over Royals

Royals over Tigers

Twins over Tigers

Twins over Mariners

Tigers over Mariners

Royals over Mariners

The Royals and Mariners tied the season series, but the Royals would win the two-team tiebreaker on the strength of their intradivisional record.

However, the fact that the Royals and Mariners tied their season series would impact the three- and four-team ties, potentially benefiting the Tigers.

Three-team tiebreaker:

Twins, Royals, Tigers

Twins, Royals, Mariners

Tigers, Royals, Mariners

Twins, Tigers, Mariners

Four-team tiebreaker:

Twins, Tigers, Royals, Mariners

RECOMMENDED•MLIVE.COM

Former Tigers starting pitcher re-signs with RoyalsJan. 7, 2025, 10:56 a.m.

Former Tigers utility infielder signs with AstrosJan. 7, 2025, 3:52 p.m.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Contact Us
Jobs at MLive
MLive Media Group
Our Team
Advertise with us
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
MLive.com
Newsletters
The Ann Arbor News
The Bay City Times
The Flint Journal
The Grand Rapids Press
Jackson Citizen Patriot
Kalamazoo Gazette
Muskegon Chronicle
The Saginaw News
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
MLive Sections
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
News
Business
Sports
Advice
High School Sports
Betting
Life
Opinion
Obituaries
Your Regional News Pages
Saginaw
Jackson
Kalamazoo
Muskegon
Ann Arbor
Bay City
Flint
Grand Rapids
Mobile
Mobile apps
More on MLive
Video
Weather
Post a job
Archives
Classifieds
Sell your car
Sell/Rent your home
Sponsor Content
Follow Us
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlive.com/tigers/2024/09/al-wild-card-chase-tigers-magic-number-for-playoff-berth-is-shrinking.html 
 ----- 
