Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
Notre Dame's late FG lifts Irish to CFP final
Raiders fire GM
5 days, 8 games: Playoff football is here
Keys for wild-card games
Los Angeles wildfires: Sports impact
Detroit Tigers fans giddy at the idea of MLB playoffs approaching
Jalen Williams, Detroit Free Press
Wed, Sep 25, 2024·2 min read

The Detroit Tigers earned a 2-1 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday, inching closer to clinching a wild-card spot in the American League playoffs, and fans are excited for a possible playoff series in Detroit.

"It's exciting, said Dave Butler, 42, while playing catch with his 11-year-old son Ethan, both of Detroit, in front of Comerica Park before Wednesday night's game against the Rays.

"It's been 10 years since the last appearance and it's nice to see," Butler said.

Detroit Tigers fans cheer on after 2-1 win over Tampa Bay Rays at Comerica Park in Detroit on Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024.

CARLOS MONARREZ: Detroit Tigers continue to prove they're made for the playoffs, even if it's never easy

The Tigers, who were 47-50 and 6½ games out of a playoff spot at the All-Star break, have turned their season around and Tigers fans from all over the country are excited, including Tyler Santiago, 26, of New Jersey.

Santiago, a longtime fan of the Tigers, told the Free Press this was his first time all year getting to catch the Tigers in person.

"They've been hot and they're not stopping. I'm looking forward to watching them win some games. Riley Greene is my guy and I'm waiting for him to do something tonight," said Santiago.

JEFF SEIDEL:Stars have aligned perfectly for streaking Tigers, setting up for amazing week

Entering Wednesday, the Tigers (83-74) had a two-game lead over the Minnesota Twins (81-76) and the Seattle Mariners (82-77) and were tied with the Kansas City Royals for the final two of three AL wild-card spots (with the Royals holding the head-to-head tiebreaker).

"It's not the same old Tigers. For the city of Detroit and for the fans, this is awesome, we've been waiting on this and it's here," Santiago said.

Jalen Williams is a reporting intern at the Detroit Free Press. Contact him at jawilliams1@freepress.com.

This article originally appeared on Detroit Free Press: Detroit Tigers fans are ready for return to MLB playoffs

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Commanders clinch playoff spot with walk-off touchdown pass over Falcons in overtime

Jayden Daniels led the winning touchdown drive in overtime, while not allowing Atlanta a possession.

11d ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL playoff picture, draft order after Week 14: Eagles clinch postseason berth as Raiders hold No. 1 draft pick

The Eagles are officially headed to the playoffs.

a month ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: The 5 key plays from Notre Dame's Orange Bowl win over Penn State

Both teams combined for 31 points in the fourth quarter after scoring just 20 in the first three quarters.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal

Mitch Jeter hit a 41-yard kick with seven seconds to go.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
Wild Card deep dives: Stroud vs. Herbert, blueprint for Broncos & Rams & more | Football 301

In this absolutely packed episode of Football 301, Nate Tice and Charles McDonald break down every matchup heading into Wild Card weekend, offering insights into how playoff contenders are shaping up and which teams might be in trouble.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles fires: NFL moves Vikings-Rams wild-card game to Arizona

Fans can start buying tickets for Vikings-Rams on Friday.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
After another heartbreaking loss, will James Franklin and Penn State ever get over the hump?

Notre Dame is playing for a national title for the first time in 12 seasons, and Penn State has come up short yet again in a big-time matchup.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame QB Riley Leonard briefly leaves Orange Bowl win in second quarter

The back of Leonard's head appeared to hit the turf after he was hit.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
Tony Meola & Keith Costigan chat MLS & Milan, Dax McCarty talks beating Lionel Messi & a manager firing spree!

Christian and Alexis bring on USMNT legend Tony Meola and Apple TV Keith Costigan to chat the state of MLS ahead of the 2025 season. Then, Christian and Alexis have 19 season MLS veteran Dax McCarty join the show to look back at a decorated career that includes beating Messi. Later, Christian and Alexis eact to news in Europe including West Ham sacking head coach Julen Lopetegui as well as Tottenham and Newcastle taking the lead in their Carabao Cup semifinal ties.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
Looking at some bad NFL head coach openings, it's not a great year to be a top candidate

Which job opening is the best? How about none of them?

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
Jordan Love on his status for Eagles-Packers wild-card game after limited practice session: 'We'll see'

Is Love really in jeopardy of sitting Sunday, or is this just subterfuge from the Packers ahead of a playoff game?

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Sixers announce rookie Jared McCain is out for season with torn meniscus

McCain was the Sixers' lone bright spot this season and a Rookie of the Year candidate.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
What's next for the Padres, one of this winter's quietest teams?

An ownership struggle and financial limbo leave San Diego without a clear path forward in 2025.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ravens WR Zay Flowers ruled out of wild-card game vs. Steelers with knee injury

Flowers injured his knee during Baltimore's Week 18 win over Cleveland.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Travis Kelce disputes that Chiefs threw game vs. Broncos to duck Bengals in playoffs: 'We didn't f***ing throw any game'

"I'll play them at the Walmart parking lot, I don't give a s***."

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Cade Cunningham has taken on the challenge of being Detroit's franchise player: 'I would love to have my own chapter'

The Pistons are making noise in the East again, with their star point guard leading the way.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL wild-card previews: Predictions and breaking down all six matchups as the playoffs begin

Which teams will advance? What will be the X factors? How can you watch each game? Find out right here, courtesy of Yahoo Sports NFL writer Frank Schwab.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck entering NCAA transfer portal: Report

Beck previously declared for the 2025 NFL Draft, but will play one more college season.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Raiders fire general manager Tom Telesco, 2 days after firing coach Antonio Pierce

That's a clean sweep for the Raiders at the top, which might help them land a head coach who either wants personnel power or can come in with a general manager he has worked with before.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football 2024 RB Exit Interview: The year of the running back renaissance

Fantasy football analyst Andy Behrens delivers his final thoughts about the running back position in 2025.

17h ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/detroit-tigers-fans-giddy-idea-220955004.html 
 ----- 
