NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Tigers' Skubal works seven scoreless, continues postseason push in win vs. Rays
Associated Press
September 24, 2024 - 7:09pm

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-10:eb39ad1912af32831936d1c1 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Weencel Perez supplied all the offence needed with a two-run double and Tarik Skubal bookended a dominant season with seven shutout innings as the Detroit Tigers won another big game in their AL wild card pursuit defeating the Tampa Bay Rays 2-1.
4 comments

DETROIT — Tarik Skubal allowed two hits in seven scoreless innings and the Detroit Tigers took another step toward an improbable postseason appearance with a 2-1 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday.

Skubal (18-4), a leading candidate to win the AL Cy Young award, struck out seven batters while walking only one on a day the weather didn't cooperate. He is 6-0 with a 1.94 ERA in his last nine starts.

“I have the best seat in the house to watch the best pitcher in the league,” Tigers manager A.J. Hinch said. “He was incredible on a tough day to pitch. We changed the time from a night game to an afternoon game, then ended up sitting out an hour delay, but he dominated.”

Skubal will get a chance for a 19th win on Sunday if the Tigers need him to beat the Chicago White Sox on the final day of the regular season to make the postseason.

The Tigers (83-74) began the day tied with Kansas City for the second and third wild-card spots — the Royals hold the tiebreaker — and one game ahead of the Minnesota Twins. Sellers at MLB’s trade deadline, Detroit is an MLB-best 28-11 since Aug. 11.

Reliever Beau Brieske retired the first five batters he faced before Brandon Lowe homered with two outs in the ninth, pulling the Rays to within 2-1, but he struck out Josh Lowe for his third career save and first this season.

Tampa Bay (78-79) dropped five games behind the Tigers.

“We felt our best chance was to win out, and we didn't get there today,” Rays manager Kevin Cash said. “We needed help before this game, and now we're going to need even more.”

Wenceel Pérez reached base three times for Detroit, walking twice before hitting a two-run double in the fifth.

“We're doing a great job of playing together,” said Pérez, who returned on Sept. 13 after missing a month with an oblique strain. “This is like a playoff game for us, and we're stepping up to the challenge.”

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-10:b4db2bbd5a3975a29d617ce Player Element ID: vjs_video_1040
OK
Close Modal Dialog

Tampa Bay starter Ryan Pepiot (8-7) allowed two runs on three hits and four walks in six innings.

The Tigers had the first good chance of the game, putting runners on the corners with one out in the fourth, but Pepiot got Colt Keith to pop out before striking out Spencer Torkelson.

Detroit loaded the bases with one out in the fifth, thanks to two walks and a single. Pérez fell behind 0-2 but worked the count full before hitting a ground-rule double on the ninth pitch of the at-bat.

“That was a tough inning — there were a couple really close pitches,” Cash said. “And then Pérez fouls a couple off and hits one fair by about 2 inches.”

First pitch was moved up from 6:40 p.m. to 1:10 p.m. because of a forecast for rain, then was delayed 49 minutes by showers. The game was played in 1 hour, and 59 minutes in front of a crowd of 22,770 — much smaller than had been expected.

“We ambushed the city with the time change, but the people who were here were loud,” Hinch said. “I want to thank the fans for changing their plans and being a part of this win.”

Detroit called up right-hander Jackson Jobe, one of baseball's best pitching prospects, to throw out of the bullpen in the season's final week. It made room for him on the roster by designating righty Shelby Miller for assignment.

UP NEXT

The teams play the second of three games on Wednesday, with Detroit RHP Keider Montero (6-6, 4.86 ERA) facing Tampa Bay RHP Zack Littell (8-9, 3.56).

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Tigers add top prospect Jackson Jobe to roster for playoff push
MLB Playoff Push: Surging Tigers move into wild-card spot with win over Orioles
MLB NEWS
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/tigers-skubal-works-seven-scoreless-continues-postseason-push-in-win-vs-rays/ 
 ----- 
