NEWSLETTERS
When to Expect Full 2024-25 Duke Basketball Schedule Release
Originally posted on Duke Blue Devils on SI
By Matt Giles  |  Last updated Sep 22, 2024 3:12 PM ET

Duke basketball will find out the missing pieces to its 2024-25 slate during the ACC basketball schedule release, set for 8-9 p.m. ET Tuesday on the ACC Network.

However, the conference opponents on tap for Jon Scheyer's third batch of Blue Devils were revealed months ago via the previously released ACC scheduling matrix for the first season with new members Cal, Stanford, and SMU. All that's missing are the dates and order of those contests, as the program published its complete non-conference slate (below) several weeks ago.

Duke will play UNC, Wake Forest, and Miami both home and away. The Blue Devils will host Cal, Florida State, NC State, Notre Dame, Virginia Tech, Pitt, and Stanford. And they'll travel to Virginia, Boston College, Syracuse, SMU, Clemson, Georgia Tech, and Louisville — again, though, not necessarily in that order.

Here's the calendar for Duke basketball's preseason events and non-conference outings in regular season action:

Oct. 4, 7 p.m. ET, Countdown to Craziness, Cameron Indoor Stadium, Durham
Oct. 19, 1 p.m., exhibition vs. Lincoln (Pa.), Cameron Indoor Stadium
Oct. 27, 7 p.m., Brotherhood Run exhibition vs. Arizona State, Cameron Indoor Stadium
Nov. 4 vs. Maine, Cameron Indoor Stadium
Nov. 8 vs. Army, Cameron Indoor Stadium
Nov. 12, 9 p.m., vs. Kentucky, Champions Classic, State Farm Arena, Atlanta
Nov. 16 vs. Wofford, Cameron Indoor Stadium
Nov. 22 at Arizona, McKale Memorial Center, Tucson, Ariz.
Nov. 26, 9 p.m., vs. Kansas, Vegas Showdown, T-Mobile Arena, Las Vegas
Nov. 29 vs. Seattle, Vegas Showdown, Cameron Indoor Stadium
Dec. 4 vs. Auburn, ACC/SEC Challenge, Cameron Indoor Stadium
Dec. 10 vs. Incarnate Word, Cameron Indoor Stadium
Dec. 17 vs. George Mason, Cameron Indoor Stadium
Feb. 22 vs. Illinois, Sentinel One Classic, Madison Square Garden, New York City
March 11-15, ACC Tournament, Spectrum Center, Charlotte



This article first appeared on Duke Blue Devils on SI and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Thairo Estrada discusses goals as he joins Rockies
Teenage phenom Joao Fonseca qualifies for Australian Open
The '2024-25 NFL touchdown leaders' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
General Sports
Rose Bowl gets evacuation warning amid LA wildfires
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys React to Cooper Rush's Parting Message After…
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…

It appears that the New York Rangers are not interested in doing business with the Vancouver Canucks, as they have just rejected a trade for the second time. There has been speculation about a possible trade between the New York Rangers and Vancouver Canucks, with two centers, Mika Zibanejad of the Rangers and J.T. Miller of the Canucks, dominating the trade buzz. But in his latest "32 Thoughts" column, Elliotte Friedman gives reason to believe that there is something more interesting than that. The NHL insider said the chief target of Vancouver isn't Zibanejad but D-man Braden Schneider. "I also think it was actually a bigger deal, and one of the issues is that Vancouver adores Braden Schneider, who the Rangers do not want to trade. This would be the second time New York has rejected a Vancouver attempt for him." Schneider, 23, has been a steady presence on the Rangers' blue line this season, his fourth in the NHL. Although this year's team is slogging through a frustrating campaign, 18-20-2, including the worst 23-game stretch in franchise history at 6-16-1, Schneider hasn't let his game dip one bit and has maintained his value around the league. His defensive reliability is evident, even while paired with less consistent teammates like rookie Victor Mancini (now in the AHL) and Zac Jones, a frequent healthy scratch. Statistically, Schneider dazzles. Among Rangers, he tops blocked shots, 67, and the hits leaderboard for defensemen, 71. His average ice time has jumped from 15:54 to 17:09 per game. And he's tied for third on the team in plus-6, a number indicating composure amid the chaos. And all that costs a manageable $2.2 million cap hit through next season, at which time he becomes a restricted free agent with arbitration rights. With Schneider's value and upside, it's not a surprise, as Friedman noted, that the Rangers intend to keep him. The Canucks might want him, but Schneider's stability and upside make him a cornerstone for New York's future. The Canucks are also embroiled in trade rumors regarding Elias Pettersson. These five teams could be a good landing spot for the superstar center. However, the price to acquire him is reportedly quite high.

NHL
Canadiens Provide Clarification on the Real Reason for Patrik…
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NHL
Red Wings make two big roster moves
Boxing
Liam Cameron vs Ben Whittaker 2: Queensberry Fire…
NHL
Vancouver Canucks goalie Thatcher Demko breaks silence on…
NHL
Maple Leafs Make Bold Move: Fringe Forward Replaces Veteran Max…
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…
The 100 movies, TV shows, albums, and video games we're more interested in for 2025
NBA
76ers cut son of Cavaliers legend
NFL
Mark Davis' decision to fire GM raises questions about Raiders' future
NHL
Major announcement on the Coyotes' return as Quebec faces a new…

We had an unexpected announcement regarding the Arizona Coyotes that impacts the Quebec Nordiques. Here is the announcement in question, via journalist Craig Morgan: "Breaking news: The newly elected president of the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors, Tom Galvin, announces the formation of a committee of political and business leaders to bring the NHL back to Arizona. NHL commissioner Gary Bettman confirmed that he met with Galvin before Christmas via Zoom." This seems to be the beginning of something quite real. The return of the Arizona Coyotes in the picture: Another obstacle to the return of the Quebec Nordiques You can guess that with this big development, the Arizona Coyotes coming back into the picture, in addition to Kansas City, Houston and Atlanta. It feels again like the return of the Quebec Nordiques doesn't seem close to materializing. Insider Pierre LeBrun seems to practically confirm that Gary Bettman and the NHL would have interest: "The NHL would like to go back to that market one day, under a different owner and obviously with the arena situation once and for all settled. So, still lots of questions marks. But going back to Arizona is something the NHL would likely do under right circumstances." This will be a file to follow over the next few months, but as we saw with Utah and Seattle a few years ago, knowing that Gary Bettman has interest, it could move very quickly. And you, do you think the Arizona Coyotes will return before the Quebec Nordiques?

Lifestyle
Beauty school: 20 colleges with gorgeous campuses
NHL
Intriguing Trade Proposal Emerges Between Vancouver Canucks…
College Football
Georgia QB's change of plans sends shockwaves through college…
Entertainment
Gene Deal Reveals Diddy and Jay-Z's Bizarre Friendship…

Diddy's former bodyguard Gene Deal has dropped bombshell claims about the rapper's relationship with Jay-Z. The allegations come as the pair works through their own respective legal dramas. In a tell-all with The Art of Dialogue, Deal said there was an unusual closeness between Diddy and Jay-Z. Deal explained that there were instances that just measured how in sync they were. "They were so close that they had matching white girls together. When they used to see each other, they'd say, 'Yo, how your skinny white girl doing?'" Deal narrated. To emphasize their closeness, Deal referenced a separate occasion during a concert at Madison Square Garden in 2007. "How close was Diddy and Jay-Z? They was close enough that they wasn't playing basketball, they wasn't playing baseball, they wasn't playing football, and they wasn't playing hockey, or soccer, for Diddy to come on stage and pat him on his a** and then make a statement to people in the world that 'can't nobody call me Sean but Jay-Z." The incident, he said, just gave some background to the public image of the connection between the two giants of the music world. These comments came following serious accusations against Diddy and Jay-Z related to a civil case connected to an alleged assault at the 2000 MTV Video Music Awards. The artists have categorically denied these charges. Diddy continues to sit in Brooklyn's Metropolitan Detention Center on a slew of charges, including sex trafficking and racketeering. He has pleaded not guilty. While Jay is doing his best to get the lawsuit thrown out. Diddy is claiming that media outlets are spreading baseless claims, and his legal team has slammed reporters for taking this rumor too far, reports said. A team representing him told The Mirror US, "This documentary recycles the same lies and conspiracy theories that have been slung against Mr. Combs for months." Watch the interview with Gene Deal below:

NFL
Bears Predicted to Flip $110M Playmaker for Top-5 Pick in NFL Draft
20 NHL players from the 1990s you probably forgot about
NFL
Report reveals why Raiders fired GM Tom…
NFL
Three teams that could sign Justin Fields this offseason
NHL
Oilers GM Stan Bowman Addresses Team Response to Zadorov…
NHL
Insider doesn't think that Canadiens' Jake Evans can be traded for…
NBA
Jason Kidd Responds After Klay Thompson's Worst Game Of The…
Which singers have the greatest voices in music history?
MLB
Mets meet with prized free agent relief pitcher
NHL
Utah head coach praises big trade by Kent Hughes and the…
College Football
Oregon football loses former 4-star recruit to transfer portal

Oregon football just lost a talented defensive lineman to the transfer portal. It’s been a rough start to the new year for Dan Lanning’s program after such a successful 2024. The No. 1 Ducks were blown out in the Rose Bowl against Big Ten rival Ohio State in a game that looked like a mismatch from the jump. A fact that we know is false considering that this squad beat the Buckeyes during the regular season. And it’s not like Oregon football regressed since that game. The Ducks went undefeated during the regular season and won the Big Ten Championship in their first year in the conference. Still, the result in Pasadena was a tough way to end a phenomenal season. As the program looks to 2025, it’s suffering a tough blow in the transfer portal. According College Sports Business and Transfer Portal Reporter for On3 Pete Nakos, Oregon defensive lineman My’Keil Gardner has entered the transfer portal. The redshirt freshman is a former 4-star from El Mirage, Arizona. Gardner will have four years of eligibility remaining. My’Keil Gardner’s departure hurts an Oregon defense that will need to improve heading into the 2025 season While Gardner did not record any stats in 2024, the loss of the DL is not good news for Dan Lanning’s squad. The defeat to Ohio State shows that the Ducks need to improve their defense in 2025 to win a national title. This unit was solid this season overall. However, in four games against College Football Playoff caliber opponents, Oregon’s defense gave up 30 or more points every time. As the Ducks found out under former head coach Chip Kelly, it’s very hard to win a national championship without a truly elite defense. Building up this unit will therefore be the main task of Dan Lanning and company going forward. A task that Oregon’s head coach should be able to do with his past. Fortunately, the Ducks should be returning two out of their four best pass rushers heading into 2025. This includes First-team All-Big Ten selection Matayo Uiagalelei. Overall, there’s plenty reason for optimism for this program heading into 2025. However, the offense is set to lose a bunch of key contributors, including star quarterback Dillon Gabriel. To combat these losses, Oregon football is bringing in a top-five recruiting class and been aggressive in the transfer portal. With the sustained success he’s already shown in Eugene, Dan Lanning has elevated this program to where it belongs in just three years. There’s just that next level that the Ducks have yet to hit to capture their first national title. But with their head coach, that step does feel bound to happen eventually.



MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/general_sports/articles/when_to_expect_full_2024_25_duke_basketball_schedule_release/s1_16565_40936654 
 ----- 
