Search for:
Menu

Worldwide Sports Coverage • Fantasy • DFS • Gaming

Menu
 NBA FantasyPass HomePage
 Go to 2024 NBA Draft Guide
 Go To NFL FantasyPass
 Go To MLB FantasyPass
 Go To WagerPass
 Go To DFS Pass
Key Features
 In-season Bruski 150
Blurb Feed
Live Injury Report
Discord
ROS Projections/Rankings
Daily Features
The Layup Line
Pickups of the Night
Daily Projections
In-Depth Analysis
Working The Wire
The Week Ahead
Buy Low/Sell High
SportsEthos Tools
H2H Matchup Breakdown
Trade Analyzer
My Team Breakdown
Weekly Projections
Depth Charts
Streaming Schedule
Schedule Grid
Dynasty
Dynasty Rankings
Dynasty Check-In
Friday Night Pickups: Fantasy Basketball Adds for 10/25
NBA FantasyPass Home

By Jacob Dunne

Welcome to Friday Night Pickups: Fantasy Basketball Adds for 10/25 article! With a beefy lineup of matchups, there’s plenty of action to dive into. Whether you’re looking to snag those breakout players or capitalize on juicy matchups, the time is now to make your moves. This is a live article that will be updated at the conclusion of each game, so you can stay on top of all the latest developments. Let’s explore the top pickups that could propel your fantasy team to victory!

Standard Leagues

(<50% rostered on Yahoo)

Kelly Oubre Jr., SG/SF, PHI (36% rostered)

Tonight: 39 minutes, 28 points (9-of-17 FG, 7-of-8 FT), three triples, two rebounds, two assists, two steals.

Analysis: Oubre Jr. was impactful tonight, showing improvements in every category since his season debut, along with two steals. With the minutes and usage available, he has the potential to be a solid contributor every night as long as Paul George (knee) remains sidelined.

Dennis Schroder, PG, BKN (34% rostered)

Tonight: 32 minutes, 20 points (7-of-12 FG, 3-of-4 FT), six assists, three triples, one rebound, one steal.

Analysis: Schroder should be universally rostered at this point. He’s played over 30 minutes in two consecutive games and has improved his field-goal percentage from 31.3% to 58.3%. The German native is receiving significant playing time on a struggling team, making him an easy addition in all leagues.

The FantasyPass isn’t just for drafts anymore! This year, take your team to the next level with in-season TOOLS like Head-to-Head Matchups and Dynamic Daily/Weekly Projections, Q&A SESSIONS, SCHEDULE ANALYSIS, PICKUP ADVICE and more… starting at just $6/month!


Want to get access to the rest of this game preview Layup Line article? You’ll need to have an NBA FantasyPass membership. Click here to learn more and sign up!
Premium Access Required

NBA FANTASYPASS TOP POSTSPICKUPS OF THE NIGHT
October 25, 2024, 10:26 pm
FANTASY NEWS
Ochai Agbaji
SF, Toronto Raptors

Ochai Agbaji (left hip pointer) will be doubtful for Saturday's meeting with the Pistons.

Bruce Brown (right knee injury management) also seems to be off the injury report as expected. Agbaji's absence is less meaningful with the team's starting five intact now, but it could at least offer up some deeper-league opportunities to Jamal Shead or Ja'Kobe Walter.

Source: Esfandiar Baraheni on X

1hr
Branden Carlson
C, Oklahoma City Thunder

The Thunder have signed big man Branden Carlson to a 10-day contract.

Carlson was on a two-way contract with the Thunder briefly before being waived recently. He was never a true part of their plans, so this isn't impactful for fantasy.

Source: Thunder on X

1hr
Zyon Pullin
PG, Memphis Grizzlies

The Grizzlies are reportedly signing Zyon Pullin to two-way contract and waiving Colin Castleton.

The Grizzlies have no lack of big-man depth, so this makes a lot of sense. Pullin was an undrafted playmaker out of the 2024 NBA Draft, who was initially signed on a two-way by the Heat and then waived after Summer League. Passing and pull-up 3-point shooting are his top skills, but he has worked on his off-ball shooting a bit as well. Don't expect him to play much, but he could be a name for deep leagues if the Grizzlies have to endure another injury crisis.

Source: Daily Memphian

1hr
Paolo Banchero
PF, Orlando Magic

Paolo Banchero (right oblique tear/reconditioning) has been officially listed as questionable to return from a 34-game absence on Friday against the Bucks.

There doesn't seem to be any indication of a setback, so lean towards more of a "probable" feeling despite the listing, since we know the goal is for Banchero to play. He has been reconditioning since December 27, so hopefully that means he can get around 24-to-28 minutes in first game back and that should be enough for H2H managers to deploy him, barring any rust. Caleb Houstan is the player likely to be benched, but Tristan da Silva, Cole Anthony and company should all take a usage hit.

Source: NBA Injury Report

1hr
De'Aaron Fox
PG, Sacramento Kings

De'Aaron Fox (right glute contusion) will officially be out again on Friday vs. the Celtics for a third game in a row.

The answer here is simple. All systems go on Keon Ellis in all formats once again. We have also seen DeMar DeRozan and Keegan Murray benefit a little with one less mouth to feed.

Source: NBA Injury Report

1hr
Stephen Curry
PG, Golden State Warriors

Steph Curry (bilateral knee injury management) and Draymond Green (left L5-s1 disc) are out on Friday vs. the Pacers, while Trayce Jackson-Davis (left eye contusion) is questionable to play.

Moses Moody (left knee patellar tendonopathy) is probable, so he should play. Lindy Waters III, Gui Santos and Kyle Anderson are looking at increased roles and if TJD is out, Kevon Looney as well, though Anderson can play some small-ball five. Buddy Hield is a strong streaming candidate after his performance last night and if Dennis Schroder was dropped, he should have all the usage he could ask for tonight and maybe that gets him going. Moody is also a streaming candidate who is a hit-or-miss source of points and treys.

Source: NBA Injury Report

1hr
Jarred Vanderbilt
F, Los Angeles Lakers

The Lakers have assigned Jarred Vanderbilt (right foot surgery recovery) to the G League on Friday in another step toward a return.

Vanderbilt has been sidelined for nearly a year, though he barely played at all last season. He should be eased in slowly whenever he is ready to play and while we know what he is capable of, he likely isn't worth adding for fantasy until we actually see him on the court.

Source: Daniel Starkand on X

2hr
Keion Brooks Jr.
SF, New Orleans Pelicans

The Pelicans are waiving two-way player Trey Jemison to sign Keion Brooks Jr. to a two-way deal.

There should be no fantasy impact here, but those familiar with silly-season shenanigans should remember Jemison's name from his Grizzlies stint last season. Hopefully he lands on a team that can give him similar opportunities.

Source: Michael Scotto on X

2hr
Andrew Wiggins
SF, Golden State Warriors

Andrew Wiggins (personal) will be out again on Friday vs. the Pacers, but Warriors head coach Steve Kerr is unsure if Steph Curry and Draymond Green will play.

Buddy Hield got the spot start on Thursday and should stay with the starters on Friday after an impressive performance. He also isn't likely to be a rest candidate, so, although there is always a risk with moves before an injury report drops, Hield can be grabbed. If Curry and Green join him, Lindy Waters III, Gui Santos and Kyle Anderson are candidates to step into more minutes. Santos had 13 points and four triples on Thursday night in a smidge under 26 minutes, though he had barely played before that performance.

Source: Ohm Youngmisuk on X

13hr
Devin Booker
SG, Phoenix Suns

Devin Booker carved up the Hawks in a 123-115 win on Thursday with 20 points (9-of-21 FG, 2-of-3 FT), 12 assists, three boards and one steal across 40 minutes.

Kevin Durant also produced 23 points, seven dimes, two triples, two rebounds and three blocks in 36 minutes. At this point, we know who these guys are, so don't panic during any dry shooting spells.

15hr
More
LIVE in the SportsEthos Forums

How do i print the updated top 150 from 10/17?

By Jason Christie 3 months ago

access to the bruski 150

By Scott 3 months ago

10th pick 14 team

By Raylim 3 months ago

Looking for a league

By John 3 months ago
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportsethos.com/top-posts/wednesday-night-pickups-fantasy-basketball-adds-for-10-25/ 
 ----- 
