Trending topics:
Premier League TV Schedule
Liga MX TV Schedule
La Liga TV Schedule
Serie A TV Schedule
Bundesliga TV Schedule
CONNECT WITH US
?
Guillermo Ochoa's quest for a historic milestone with Mexico: Messi and Ronaldo as possible contenders
Ancelotti's Assurance: Real Madrid will claim La Liga title despite recent struggles
HOW TO WATCH
How to watch Jamaica vs Honduras on US TV and live streaming

by World Soccer Talk October 14, 2024

Here are all of the details of where you can watch Jamaica vs Honduras on US television and via legal streaming:
WHO	Jamaica vs Honduras
WHAT	Concacaf Nations League
WHEN	9pm ET / 6pm PT • Monday, October 14, 2024
WHERE	Paramount+
FREE TRIAL	WATCH NOW
How to watch anywhere with VPN
If you’re abroad, you may need to use a virtual private network (VPN) in order to watch games using your usual streaming service. A VPN, such as NordVPN, allows you to establish a secure connection online when streaming. If you are not sure which VPN to use, check out World Soccer Talk’s guide to the best VPNs for streaming soccer.
Paramount+ is now offering a 7-day free trial promotion for new subscribers, giving fans the ability to watch a ton of soccer fans (and other content) for free.
The dressing room is unbelievable - Arteta
After the 7-day trial, Paramount+ is just $7.99 per month.
Paramount+ features more than 2,000 live matches each year. In addition to Serie A, the extensive portfolio of soccer properties also includes Coppa Italia, UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League and UEFA Europa Conference League; English Football League; Carabao Cup; NWSL; Argentina’s Liga Profesional de Fútbol, and more.
Paramount+ includes exclusive original programs such as: Halo, Star Trek: Discovery, Frasier, Lawmen: Bass Reeves, and Evil, as well as movies including Mean Girls, Mission: Impossible Dead Reckoning and more. You can also stream CBSN (CBS News), CBS Sports HQ and ET Live, as well as — with the Premium Plan — your local CBS network.
Paramount+ is available on PC or Mac as well as Roku, iPhone and Android phones, Apple TV, Chromecast, Amazon Fire TV, PlayStation 4, Samsung smart TV, Vizio and XBOX One.
Courtesy of World Soccer Talk, download a complimentary copy of The Ultimate Soccer TV And Streaming Guide, which features details on where to watch all of the leagues from around the world on US TV and streaming.
To find out when soccer games are on, download the free Soccer TV Schedules App which includes listings of all of the live soccer matches available in the United States (available on Apple iOS devices and Android devices).
Here are the steps to sign up for your 7-day free trial to Paramount+:
1. After clicking the ‘Try It Free’ button, you’ll see the following page that explains the two choices you’ll find. Click ‘Continue’ to be presented with the options:

2. Choose between the ‘Paramount+ Essential’ or ‘Paramount+ With Showtime’ options. If you want to save over 15% with an annual plan, click the Annual option. Then hit ‘Continue’ to move on.

3. Next, you’ll need to create a free Paramount+ account:

4. Enter your contact details, and click ‘Continue’ to move to the next step.

5. The following page explains the free 7-day trial:

6. Enter your payment details and then click ‘Start Paramount+’ to begin your free trial.

Photo credit: Imago
200+ Channels With Sports & News
Starting price: $33/mo. for fubo Latino Package
Watch Premier League, Liga MX & Copa Libertadores
Browse Offers
The New Home of MLS
Price: $14.99/mo. for MLS Season Pass
Watch every MLS game including playoffs & Leagues Cup
Browse Offers
Many Sports & ESPN Originals
Price: $10.99/mo. (or get ESPN+, Hulu & Disney+ for $14.99/mo.)
Features Bundesliga, LaLiga, NWSL, & USL
Browse Offers
2,000+ soccer games per year
Price: $7.99/mo
Features Champions League, Serie A, Europa League & EFL
Try It Free
175 Premier League Games & PL TV
Starting price: $7.99/mo. for Peacock Premium
Watch 175 exclusive EPL games per season
Browse Offers
RELATED TOPICS
LATEST NEWS
Real Madrid waits for Trent Alexander-Arnold after reportedly rejecting 3 Liverpool contract offers
Lionel Messi delivers message to Barcelona stars Yamal and Lopez after Golden Boy awards
Lamine Yamal sets huge goals with Barcelona and Spain before aiming for Ballon d'Or
Time to go: Ruben Amorim's Manchester United pushes academy graduate Marcus Rashford toward exit
Who will claim the title of best African player in 2024 if not Salah or Mané?
Who ends the year as the world's most expensive and highest-paid player?
$100M PSG signing and 'Mbappe successor' set to leave in January following Luis Enrique's decision
La Liga investigation: Vinicius Junior's disrespectful gesture towards Rayo supporters may lead to sanctions
Italy at risk of being expelled from FIFA and UEFA tournaments following Government action
Neymar reportedly desires to join Inter Miami to reunite with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez
STREAMING OFFERS

Includes: Premier League + 84 Sports Channels

Sign Up

Includes: Bundesliga & La Liga

Sign Up

Includes: Champions League & Serie A

7-Day Free Trial

Includes: Premier League

Sign Up

Includes: every MLS game and Leagues Cup

Browse Offers

Want new articles, insider deals and TV schedules emailed daily to your inbox, FREE?

First Name
Email Address
Favorite League / Competition
Favorite Team
Subscribe
EDITORS’ PICKS
Guillermo Ochoa's quest for a historic milestone with Mexico: Messi and Ronaldo as possible contenders
The Mexican goalkeeper aims to break the record by playing in the 2026 tournament, acknowledging the challenge posed by his age and current lack of playing time.
Ancelotti's Assurance: Real Madrid will claim La Liga title despite recent struggles
Carlo Ancelotti remains confident despite Real Madrid's 3-3 draw with Rayo Vallecano. He cited last season's La Liga triumph despite a similar result against Rayo and expressed optimism for 2025 with the return of injured players.
Ruben Amorim reveals key details on stars Rashford and Garnacho's absence in Manchester derby
Ahead of a crucial clash against Manchester City, Manchester United head coach Ruben Amorim made the surprising decision to exclude key players Marcus Rashford and Alejandro Garnacho from the squad.
How to watch Barcelona vs Leganés in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 La Liga
Discover how to watch Barcelona vs Leganés in the USA with live stream and TV details for the 2024-25 La Liga season.
About World Soccer Talk
Meet the Team
Media Coverage
Apply As A Journalist
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Editorial Policy
Ad Choices
Contact Us

World Soccer Talk © 2024. Made in Florida.
World Soccer Talk, like Futbol Sites, is a company owned by Better Collective. All rights reserved. World Soccer Talk is reader-supported and may earn a commission through our partner links.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://worldsoccertalk.com/watch-on-us-tv/jamaica-vs-honduras-on-us-tv-and-live-streaming/ 
 ----- 
