Submit
Subscribe for just 27¢ a day
Log In
SPORTS
It’s do-or-die says Holder
All-rounder Jason Holder (far right) is confident West Indies can bounce back and keep their ICC T20 World Cup hopes alive.
By Stabroek News October 19, 2022
      

HOBART, Tasmania, CMC – With West Indies’ backs against the wall and needing a win over Zimbabwe to keep their hopes of advancing in the ICC Twenty20 World Cup alive today, all-rounder Jason Holder says he has “no doubt” that is attainable.

“It’s more or less us just hitting the ground running against Zimbabwe and starting that game well and beating them,” he said yesterday, ahead of the must-win game here, a day after an embarrassing defeat to Scotland in their Group B opener of the Twenty20 World Cup qualifiers.

West Indies shockingly collapsed to 118 all out in the penultimate over, in pursuit of 161 for victory, and eventually went down by 42 runs.

It was not the start the team was hoping for, Holder admitted in a pre-match media conference yesterday, but he said fans should not count the West Indies out because of that loss.

“Obviously, we had a tough start yesterday,” he said.

“We’re all disappointed with the performance that we had yesterday but I think the most important thing for us to do is to come together even tighter and try to find solutions. We had a pretty good chat after the game and I’m sure guys went into their rooms and reflected on the performance yesterday, and, no doubt, I think we have what it takes to turn it around.”

Among the solutions Holder pointed to was batsmen being more “situation aware”.

“We obviously didn’t bat well yesterday and we probably let ourselves down with the bat in the recent past. I think we just gotta be a little bit more situation aware and try to build partnerships. Partnership is the key in any cricket game.

“The situation of the game will determine how we play. If that requires that we go for boundaries then we look for boundaries but if it requires that we have to knock it around for a bit… then we’ve gotta make the adjustment and then knock it around. I think it’s that simple and we just need to understand what is required of us when we go out to bat,” Holder said.

The former Windies captain said, however, that he did not expect the Caribbean side’s opponents to be a walkover today.  On the same day that West Indies registered an opening loss, Zimbabwe scored a 31-run win over Ireland in their first game.

Holder said he was expecting them to be similarly competitive against West Indies.

“They’re a very good cricket team. We’ve played against them quite a bit in the recent past and they’ve been more and more competitive, and they seem to be on a nice winning streak as well so we expect a highly competitive game – probably one of the toughest games that we’re gonna have here in the competition,” he said.

This will be the fourth meeting between the two teams in T20Is, with West Indies winning two of those. The last meeting between them in the format was in 2013 in Antigua where West Indies won by 41 runs. Today’s match is scheduled to start at 4 a.m. Eastern Caribbean (3 a.m. Jamaica).

    
More in Sports
Boxing knocked out from 2028 Olympics 52 mins ago
Giannis Antetokoumpo (30 points), Bucks storm past Pacers 1 h ago
Celtics win by 54, hand Raptors 10th straight loss 1 h ago
Xander Schauffele still vying to supplant Scottie Scheffler for No. 1 1 h ago
Seales aiming at becoming a regular in all formats for WI 1 h ago
Cliff Anderson Sports Hall renovated but questions remain   1 h ago
Comments
Related Coverage
Joseph, Holder wreck Zimbabwe to keep Super 12 hopes alive
October 20, 2022
WI face ‘big game in Super 12 bid
October 21, 2022
Holder not panicking after Afghanistan defeat
March 16, 2018
Trending
Pensioners to collect cash grant at NIS offices
Mustapha says has read riot act to Belle Vue, Pouderoyen pump station contractors
Pensioners begin receiving grant
Wife of Tabatinga man killed by bees seeking public help
‘Bison’ sentenced to 10 years for killing brother over land
Sign Up For The Morning Brief

A FREE roundup of top news from Guyana you might otherwise miss. Delivered every morning.

    
About Stabroek News Become a Subscriber Subscriber Help Newsletter Mobile Apps Archive Contact Us Place An Ad
© 1997 - 2025 Stabroek News 
46-47 Robb Street, Lacytown, Georgetown, Guyana.
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.stabroeknews.com/2022/10/19/sports/its-do-or-die-says-holder/ 
 ----- 
