Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.
Sport
|
ICC Cricket World Cup
Kohli shines as undefeated India beat New Zealand at Cricket World Cup

Virat Kohli hits 95 as India chase down a target of 274 to win by four wickets and hand the Black Caps their first loss.

Virat Kohli, right, steered India to their fifth straight win of the tournament at the HPCA Stadium in Dharamsala, India [Manish Swarup/AP Photo]
Published On 22 Oct 2023
22 Oct 2023

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Virat Kohli hit 95 as India chased down its target of 274 to beat New Zealand in a match between the only two unbeaten teams at the Cricket World Cup.

Tournament host India won by four wickets on Sunday after reaching its target with 12 balls left in Dharamsala, finishing at 274-6.

KEEP READING
list of 4 items
list 1 of 4
Personal escapade or work of art? Virat Kohli’s century divides opinion
list 2 of 4
‘Pakistan loves you’: Why India’s Virat Kohli wins hearts across the border
list 3 of 4
‘Pressure builds up’: How India and Pakistan cricket fans see their rivalry
list 4 of 4
Indians slam ‘unapologetic Islamophobia’ aimed at Pakistan’s cricket team
end of list

New Zealand were dismissed for 273 in 50 overs, with Daryl Mitchell making a rapid 130.

Kohli came close to tying the record for most one-day international (ODI) hundreds, held by countryman Sachin Tendulkar with 49.

Kohli went for a six to get the record – and clinch the victory – but was caught near the boundary.

It was India’s’ fifth straight win to open the tournament and they top the table. New Zealand are second after their first loss.

Electing to field, India removed both the openers early but were sloppy on the field, dropping three catches to let New Zealand off the hook.

Sign up for Al Jazeera
Weekly Newsletter
The latest news from around the world. Timely. Accurate. Fair.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA

Mitchell forged a 159-run partnership with Rachin Ravindra (75) and New Zealand, sitting pretty at 205-3 in the 37th over, looked poised for a 300-plus total before Indian bowlers applied the brake.

Advertisement

Mohammed Shami led that effort, claiming 5-54 in his first match of the tournament.

Skipper Rohit Sharma (46) led India’s rollicking start, but it was Kohli’s fourth 50-plus score in five innings that helped to inflict on New Zealand their first defeat of the tournament.

New Zealand have beaten England, the Netherlands, Bangladesh and Afghanistan while India have also notched up wins over Australia, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh.

India’s star all-rounder Hardik Pandya was unavailable for the table-topping clash because of a left ankle injury sustained in his team’s previous game against Bangladesh in Pune. In his place, the hosts chose Suryakumar Yadav. India also brought in pacer Shami for bowling all-rounder Shardul Thakur.

New Zealand were unchanged from its previous win over Afghanistan in Chennai. Star batsman and skipper Kane Williamson is still unavailable because of a thumb injury, and Tom Latham led the side again in his absence.

SOURCE: NEWS AGENCIES
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2023/10/22/kohli-shines-as-undefeated-india-beat-new-zealand-at-cricket-world-cup 
 ----- 
