Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
CONCACAF Nations League
French Guiana vs Nicaragua Prediction and Betting Tips | 6th September 2024
French Guiana vs Nicaragua Prediction and Betting Tips | 6th September 2024
By
Kingsley Kobo
Modified Sep 05, 2024 08:29 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Trinidad & Tobago v French Guiana: Preliminaries Second Round - 2021 CONCACAF Gold Cup

French Guiana will play host to Nicaragua at Stade Municipal Dr Edmard Lama in the CONCACAF Nations League on Friday. Both teams have recovered from their previous setbacks.

French Guiana vs Nicaragua Preview

French Guiana are competing in League A after earning promotion in 2023-24. It is the first time they will be playing in this division, with their previous campaigns carried out in League B. The hosts are yet to qualify for the Nations League Finals, which will certainly be a top priority this time as well as avoiding relegation.

Les Yana Dokos are set to return to action after 10 months of inactivity. Their last game dates back to November 2023 in a 3-1 win over Bermuda. They boast three wins in their last five matches and have suffered only one defeat in their last 10 matches at home in all competitions. French Guiana and Nicaragua are meeting for the first time.

Trending

Nicaragua also earned promotion to League A following a brilliant campaign in the 2023-24 edition. They won five of the six matches they played in Group B, drawing once. They are probably eying a ticket to the Nations League Finals, after failing to make it in the previous editions.

La Azul y Blanco will head into this meeting on the back of two straight wins, scoring eight goals. They defeated Montserrat 4-1 and Belize 4-0 in the World Cup qualifiers. The visitors will hope to build on that momentum as they open their campaign in the Nations League. Nicaragua have won thrice in their last five trips.

French Guiana vs Nicaragua Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
French Guiana have won thrice, drawn once and lost once in their last five matches at home.
French Guiana have scored 10 goals and conceded six in their last five matches in all competitions.
French Guiana have played 18 games in the Nations League, winning eight times while Nicaragua boast 11 wins in 18 matches.
Nicaragua have won thrice, drawn once and lost once in their last five matches on the road.
French Guiana have won thrice and lost twice in their last five matches while Nicaragua have won twice, drawn once and lost twice. Form Guide: French Guiana – W-L-W-W-L, Nicaragua – W-W-D-L-L.
French Guiana vs Nicaragua Prediction

French Guiana whetted the appetite of local supporters with exciting victories in their previous two home matches, scoring six goals. They will hope to do it again.

Nicaragua have thrived relatively well on the road of late and will be confident as they head for this clash.

French Guiana are expected to come out on top based on home advantage.

Prediction: French Guiana 3-1 Nicaragua

French Guiana vs Nicaragua Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result – French Guiana to win

Tip 2: Game to have over 2.5 goals – Yes

Tip 3: French Guiana to score first – Yes

Tip 4: Nicaragua to score - Yes

Quick Links

CONCACAF Nations League Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/french-guiana-vs-nicaragua-prediction-betting-tips-6th-september-2024 
 ----- 
