Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Orlando Magic
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
Gameday
Youth Basketball
Shop
Community
Connect
Early in Season, Orlando Magic Have Had Both Excellent Stretches and Sluggish Ones As Well
Josh Cohen●@Josh_Cohen_NBA
Digital News Manager
October 31, 20248:59 AM EDT

CLEVELAND - Perhaps a good word to describe the Orlando Magic so far through five games is inconsistent. They’ve had some outstanding stretches of basketball – like the third quarter in Miami on opening night, the fourth quarter against Indiana and the first quarter in Chicago -- and some sloppy ones as well – like the first half in Memphis and the second and third quarters against the Bulls.  

Common this early in the season, the Magic look like a team trying to fix their flaws from last year while still being top-notch in the areas that helped them win 47 games and push the Cleveland Cavaliers, who they play on Friday, to seven games in their first-round playoff series.

Wednesday’s game against the Bulls felt like several different games in one. The first quarter might have been their best 12 minutes of the season. The second quarter there was some slippage in intensity. The third quarter they gave up way too many good looks from beyond the arc on defense. Then the fourth, a true slugfest with both teams missing 24 straight shots combined to start the period, they looked fatigued, causing them to foul quite a bit on defense and miss shots that had mostly been dropping in the second halves of the first four games. 

“I think we settled too much, myself included, in that second half. Settling on too many jumpers as a team, not attacking the paint,” said Paolo Banchero, who scored a game-high 31 points against the Bulls, his third 30-plus-point performance already this season. “But to their credit, they did a good job walling off and plugging the gaps in the second half.”

It’s way too early in the season to precisely know what the Magic are better or worse at compared to last year. However, what is clear is that they are making a concerted effort to get up more threes. They are averaging 42.8 threes per contest, nearly 13 more than last year. In four of their five games, they’ve taken over 40 of them and have already eclipsed last season’s single game high twice.

It's stating the obvious at this point, but to hang with the best teams in the league, 3-point quantity is crucial. Right now, there are 10 teams averaging at least 40 3-point attempts. The Boston Celtics are averaging over 50 of them. Last season, only one team, the Celtics, averaged 40-plus threes attempted.  

Although the Magic are just 19th currently in 3-point percentage, they, analytically speaking, are taking “quality” threes. For example, they are third in uncontested 3-point attempts with 6.2 of them per contest and are averaging the ninth-most kickout-from-the-paint 3-point attempts. 

“It’s huge. That’s part of the thing for Paolo or Franz (Wagner), to be able to space the floor for them,” Gary Harris said. “We definitely have to get up more threes. You see how the league is trending, getting up shots. We definitely harped on the spacing all summer, especially in training camp. Just trying to keep the spacing, so if we have open shots, open looks we take them. Then if we don’t, we give space for our guys to work.”

While they’re sixth in defense, which is good, the Magic know they can be much better. Last year, they had the third-best defensive rating and were third in forcing opponent turnovers. Currently, they are 16th in opponent turnovers. That’s something to pay attention to. With the pressure Jalen Suggs, Kentavious Caldwell-Pope, Anthony Black and Harris put on the ball, it seems more likely than not that they will rise in that area. 

Not having a healthy Franz has made things more difficult as well. Against the Pacers, he was only able to go for 11 minutes because of an illness, and then against the Bulls, he played 23 minutes before being too under the weather to continue.

Play Video

This is a modal window.

The media could not be loaded, either because the server or network failed or because the format is not supported.
Bulls Postgame: Paolo Banchero
2mo
video
00:03:33
Play Video

This is a modal window.

The media could not be loaded, either because the server or network failed or because the format is not supported.
Bulls Postgame: Jonathan Isaac
2mo
video
00:02:51
Play Video

This is a modal window.

The media could not be loaded, either because the server or network failed or because the format is not supported.
Bulls Postgame: Jamahl Mosley
2mo
video
00:03:58
Tags
josh cohen
Latest News
Team News
Related Articles
Early in Season, Orlando Magic Have Had Both Excellent Stretches and Sluggish Ones As Well
Orlando Magic Come Up Short Against Chicago Bulls in Slugfest
TEAM
Roster
Leaders
Players Stats
Team Stats
Osceola Magic
Executive Leadership
DeVos Family
TICKETS
Buy Tickets
Ticket Plans
Suites
Group Tickets
Visiting Orlando?
Season Ticket Holders
Military/First Responders
NEWS
News
Schedule
Videos
MORE
Kia Center
Fan Code of Conduct
Community
OMYF
Shop
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.

We appreciate your understanding and flexibility while we work through this together.

Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/magic/news/early-in-season-orlando-magic-have-had-both-excellent-stretches-and-sluggish-ones-as-well-20241031 
 ----- 
